Development update - May 2017
As you may have noticed , not a lot has changed over the past few months . We did gather feedback in a feedback thread last year in order to provide you with a better experience . The W3Arena staff members always want to provide the best experience possible for the community , even though the changes visible to most people have been far and few in between . As you know , we all do this in our free time . With that said , here is the next iteration of the `` W3Arena Development Feedback '' series .
Website related
focus on usability and readability
better backend for admins and content creators
improved replay filter system ( e.g . filter for heroes used in a specific order , filter for matchups , filter for specific maps )
improved replay details view , providing almost all data the replay parser can extract
replay tagging system that allows users to tag replays and find replays by tags , for example ? rifle push ? or ? fast expansion ?
better management of user tasks via simplified control center stream account setup to register your streams manually ; allowing the W3Arena Twitch Bot to join your channel and your live stream to be displayed on our website improved account status regarding mutes/bans improved race selection for AT better replay management tools that provide more options for you to administer your submitted replay collection
Warcraft related
fixing current map issues for an upcoming ladder reset fix the team game disconnect bug extensive testing of the new maps before ladder reset to avoid old bugs to persist and new bugs to show up in the future
more competitive maps
improved tracking for ladder games , mainly including map , races played and heroes used by players to allow better analysis of player performance per map and matchup
improved matchmaking and ladder rank meaningfulness
In terms of map testing we are going to set up a test bot that can be used by select community members in order to host games using the new map configuration . That way we can test the new map releases properly and you can host custom games as well . This topic will be dealt with in an upcoming news release that will provide more information .
Until then we encourage you to join in on an objective discussion about the details listed above in the forum thread .
I 'm just going to come right out and say it : I do n't like or even remotely want children . From the youngest age , I never liked dolls . While many young girls play with Barbies and yearn for a Baby-Alive , stuffed animals were my world . They were the toys I cherished ; they were my favorite playmates , and the ones still with me after all these years .
I think kids and babies are germ-carrying , clingy , whiny , unruly bundles of putty oblivious to the fact that their parents shape their future behaviors and fundamental beliefs . In my opinion , tiny humans are fascinating only from a purely psychological standpoint .
What many might believe is that I-a woman who does not want a child-am afraid of responsibility and am selfish for not leaping into the role of care-giver that society has expected for thousands of years . What I 'm here to say is that I do not wish to be shamed for making the decision to abstain from motherhood , and fear is not the main driving force . Not all women have a mothering instinct , or want to push their bodies to the limit that is pregnancy , which is a whole other topic devoted to the physical toll of maternity .
Also , in the majority of cases , men are not disparaged for being averse to wanting kids . It 's another example of double standards .
Throughout history , childless women were depicted as sad , hopeless , and sometimes alarming creatures : widows were seen as witches in the case of the Salem Witch Trials , and being a spinster was seen as a derogatory , sad situation in life that was to be pitied ( and , hopefully , a station to be reversed . ) Bachelors , meanwhile , were seen as powerful , mysterious , and alluring figures-a stark contrast when compared to females without offspring .
And let it be said that I would never want another woman to be shamed for wanting to have a child-all I 'm bringing to attention is that women who do n't want this should be equally respected in their decision . I ca n't count the number of times people have said to me “ you 'll change your mind , ” or stated simply , “ do n't say that ! ”
I know me best , and I know what is best for my overall health and happiness . If you want to have kids , have them ! It 's simply not my choice .
I 'm imploring people not to recoil from the idea that women may want to contribute to the world in other ways sans making babies ; there is a myriad of rewarding work , such as traveling , advocating for charities , rescuing animals , and starting a business . In fact , the tide is already changing when it comes to raising offspring , as many young women are now deciding , for example , to raise dogs and cats instead .
The point is , everyone knows what 's best for them . In my mind , the world is heavily populated , the globe is not at its most stable , children are financially expensive , and I am naturally just not inclined . But for others who dream of nurturing , inspiring , and providing for their children , they should be just as encouraged . Women serve a great purpose no matter what path in life they take .
And so , without any shame , I 'm going to say it again : I do n't want kids .
© Josh Sager – August 2011
The American Legislative Exchange Council , otherwise known as ALEC , is a politically involved non-profit group funded by some of the largest corporations in our country . ALEC 's diverse corporate donor list includes large petrochemical companies , such as Koch Industries , and pharmaceutical companies , such as Pfizer . The purpose of ALEC is to give the donor corporations direct input into the lawmaking process , through drafting and suggesting laws to be passed by lawmakers . Recent legislative efforts to repeal labor and environmental regulations as well as privatization of public goods have been traced back to ALEC for their origin .
In their mission statement , ALEC states their core values as “ Limited Government ” , “ Free Markets ” and “ Federalism ” . In order to advocate for its values , ALEC has nine task forces that cover virtually every segment of policy in government . The ALEC task forces consist of industry experts , policy analysts and corporate interests and their goal is to write “ model legislation ” to present to sitting politicians in the legislature .
The main vehicle for ALEC to advocate for its causes is to create laws that are then presented to politicians for them to sponsor in the legislature . These “ model legislations ” have been presented in both state and federal legislatures , primarily by Republicans , but in some cases by Democrats . While the exact number of laws written by ALEC is unknown , as some politicians will not disclose the source of the bill that they are proposing , ALEC itself claims that over 1000 of its bills were presented in state and federal legislatures last year alone .
ALEC is funded , virtually in its entirety , through donations from large corporations . The donations that are not from corporations are those of the politicians who are a part of ALEC but as they only pay a $ 100 fee for a two year membership , these donations are negligible . The largest corporate donors , including AT & T , Pfizer , Wal-Wart , UPS , Koch , Exxon Mobil , the Atria Group , and State Farm Insurance among others , are organized into the “ corporate board ” of ALEC .
While the full list of corporate donors to ALEC is too large to list in this article , you can find a complete list at the following link : http : //www.sourcewatch.org/index.php ? title=Alec_corporations
Each of the component corporations has donated thousands of dollars , if not tens of thousands , a year in order to support ALEC . In compensation for their donations , these corporations get access to ALEC supported politicians and a say in what the “ model legislation ” presented by ALEC constitutes .
ALEC acts like a union for large corporations in that it allows its members to get together and negotiate with representatives of the more powerful government .
ALEC is represented by some as a non-partisan policy group with society 's best interests at heart . This characterization is simply false as they are not a non-partisan policy group any more than a defense lawyer is a crusader for social justice ; both serve to advocate for their clients no matter the evil they have committed in the past . ALEC exists to serve the corporate interest that created and fund it and representing it as anything else confuses the goals of their legislation .
The purpose of a corporation is to make the maximum profit for its shareholders and the central ideal of ALEC is to allow corporations to write legislation that has the potential to be passed into law . As corporations are amoral and entirely driven by the profit motive , the “ model legislation ” will invariably have policies beneficial to the corporations who fund it ; anything else would mean that the corporations are being remiss in their duties to make a profit .
Recent pro-corporate legislation , particularly on the state level , has often been born in the meetings of ALEC task forces . Anti-labor bills such as the “ Paycheck Protection Act ” and the “ Employee Rights Act ” make it more difficult for unions to organize and fund themselves . The “ Prison Industries Act ” , allows for private prisons to produce goods using prison labor at far below the minimum wage . The “ Animal and Ecologic Terrorism Act ” expands the definition of the term “ ecological terrorist ” and increases the penalties under the law for engaging in environmental activism . In the recent hydro-fracking fights around the country , ALEC has drafted resolutions intended to keep fracking authorization on the state level where regulatory authority is far weaker . The shear diversity of the ALEC written legislation is massive and covers virtually every aspect of policy that affects corporations .
As many ALEC corporations benefit hugely from decreased environmental , worker , or social protections , we can see that the corporations donating to ALEC are in fact getting a return on their investment into this non-profit .
Regardless of whether one agrees with the legislation passed by ALEC politicians or not , the fact remains that corporations are being given the ability to literally write the laws that are being used to govern their actions and ours . There is a massive conflict of interests inherent to the very ideal of ALEC , and while their actions are not illegal or immoral , they are corporatist . The government in a democratic country is intended to take care of the common good , not cater to the profit margins of large corporations . As such , laws should be made “ for the people , by the people ” , not “ by the corporations , for the corporations ” .
`` I think you perhaps do n't understand finance . ''
It is Monday afternoon , and Bob Grady - the national Republican power-broker behind Chris Christie 's prospective presidential campaign - is angrily lecturing me on the murky world of investments . As one of Christie 's closest advisers and as the governor 's hand-picked chairperson of the New Jersey Investment Council , Grady is specifically lecturing me about a decision by the council to hand $ 300 million of state pension money to private equity firm the Carlyle Group .
As I explained to him , I was calling about the deal because a Pando investigation has found that Grady also happens to be a former longtime executive at Carlyle whose financial disclosure forms ( embedded below ) show they still receive income from Carlyle investments , still owns a stake in Carlyle Group entities and now works at another fund that has investments with - you guessed it - Carlyle .
During our call , Grady insisted that they officially recused themselves from involvement in the November Carlyle transaction -- something which would typically signal a clear conflict of interest . They then insisted that the New Jersey investment is in `` a new fund and there 's no overlap '' with their own holdings . Further they insisted that it was `` impossible '' for their own holdings to preference them in any way that could allow them to benefit from New Jersey 's $ 300m deal with Carlyle .
In fact , as the results of our investigation -- detailed in full below -- show , it is far from `` impossible '' for Grady to benefit from the deal , as even the Carlyle Group admits . Also , while Grady is telling the truth about having recused themselves from negotiations , that single act of transparency ( which , as experts explain below , is largely symbolic ) stands in stark contrast to the otherwise total secrecy surrounding the transaction .
In response to Pando requests , both the New Jersey Treasury Department and Carlyle have refused to release the terms of the pension fund agreement . Grady too declined to share with Pando the text of their own partnership agreements with Carlyle , saying : `` Carlyle does not release its partnership agreements with employees and does not allow its employees or partners to do so . ''
But for all of Grady and the state of New Jersey 's attempts to keep details of their financial dealings from the public , there 's plenty we now know about the connection between Grady , New Jersey state government , Carlyle and a few hundred million bucks of public money . It is a microcosmic story of the shadowy politics of public pensions - the kind of tale of power , influence and secrecy that is playing out in states across the country .
Christie Mentor 's Stake in Carlyle
Robert E. Grady has been described in the media as a longtime “ national GOP force ” . They have already served in one Republican White House ( George H. W. Bush 's ) and is now , according to the Asbury Park Press , one of the key players behind Christie 's likely presidential run . That 's not surprising . As The Nation magazine previously reported , Grady has been a mentor to Christie since the governor was a teenager , and the Newark Star-Ledger notes that Grady is now “ one of Christie 's closest advisers. ” They are also a big financial contributor to Christie and was subsequently named head of the powerful pension council by Christie in 2010 .
Before that appointment , Grady made their money as a managing director and nine-year member of the Management Committee at the Carlyle Group . During that time , they came to have an ownership stake in Carlyle entities - a fact which is reflected in their asupervisorstioned state disclosure forms .
In 2010 , those forms documented Grady 's ownership in the Carlyle Global Partners Master Coinvestment Fund ; In 2011 , Grady listed TCG Holdings , L.P. , TCG Holdings II , L.P. and “ entities related to the Carlyle Group. ” In 2012 , they listed an ownership stake in “ The Carlyle Group and related entities. ” And in 2013 , they listed `` Carlyle Global Partner Coinvestment Fund , LP . '' On all the forms , they list Carlyle entities as `` producing or expected to produce income '' for him . Additionally , since 2009 , Grady has been a managing director at Cheyenne Capital Fund , which , according to disclosures by the Wyoming Treasurer 's Office , also has had an investment stake in Carlyle .
All of that provides context for what happened in the weeks after Christie won their second term .
On November 15th , the acting director of New Jersey 's Director of Investments published a letter on the state 's website about the proposed $ 300 million deal . Less than a week later , Grady 's investment council ratified it , despite growing criticism of such high-fee “ alternative investments ” in general , and despite specific high-profile criticism of Carlyle 's fees by Oxford University investment officials . In all , the deal more than doubled the pension fund 's total investment in Carlyle from $ 175 million to $ 475 million , making the collective investments in Grady 's old firm one of the largest alternative investments in New Jersey 's entire portfolio .
According to the minutes of the meeting in which the state investment council ratified the deal , Grady did indeed recuse themselves from the debate over Carlyle deal . They also told Pando `` ( I ) did not attend , vote in connection with , or participate in any discussion '' about the deal .
Yet , as one private equity executive who works with public pensions told Pando , with Grady the chair of the council and a longtime Carlyle icon , their connections to the firm in question were likely well known by the rest of the board .
“ In an investment category where , for the managers , there are massive potential conflicts of interest lurking nearly everywhere , simply recusing yourself from time to time is not nearly enough , because everybody on the investment board already knows the relationships at play , '' said the executive .
Carlyle contradicts Grady about separation of pension fund money
Grady insisted to Pando that it is not possible for New Jersey 's recent investment in the new Carlyle fund to affect or bolster their personal holdings in other , older Carlyle funds because they `` are completely separate partnerships ( and ) completely different legal entities . '' However , in an interview with Pando , a Carlyle Group spokesperson directly contradicted Grady 's claim , saying that while transactions between Carlyle funds are arduous , they are , in fact , entirely possible . In fact , according to the senior private equity executive I spoke with , such transactions `` happen all the time '' between different private equity funds run by the same management firm - and they happen very often at the expense of the public pension plan investors .
That latter view was confirmed by former SEC investigator Ted Siedle who said such overlap means recusal provides little protection because it alone does not protect taxpayers and retirees from self-dealing .
“ Recusal is meaningless in the context of private equity investments like this , ” Siedle told Pando . “ Private equity deals often treat different investors differently so that one investor may receive compensation and fees from the funds invested by another investor . In this case , it is possible that the fees New Jersey 's pension fund is paying to one Carlyle fund may be able to be credited to another investor in their own Carlyle holdings . ”
In a recent report evaluating such arrangements ' impact on Rhode Island taxpayers , Siedle documented how the secret terms of alternative investment agreements can preference politically connected `` mystery investors '' to `` profit at ( pension funds ' ) expense—effectively granting a license to steal from the state pension to these unknown investors . ''
“ The contracts that pension funds sign with private equity firms and hedge funds often say certain investors who are strategic - like , former firm partners - can be designated ‘ strategic investors ' and given preference , ” Siedle told Pando . “ So if you you have strategic investment status with a firm that gets New Jersey public pension money , and the New Jersey pension fund does n't have the same investor status , you may end up getting to pocket some of that public pension money as fees or income . ”
Where pensions and campaign cash meet
In their position overseeing one of the nation 's largest pension funds , Grady is not only in a position that could be beneficial to their own ongoing personal investments . They are also in a prime spot to help leverage pension contracts for Christie campaign donations .
Already , The Nation 's Lee Fang has documented how two firms who made financial contributions to a Republican group helping Christie 's campaign were rewarded by Grady 's board with lucrative pension management contracts .
The Carlyle deal could offer a similar upside to Christie 's 2016 presidential campaign , as Carlyle is a major spender on national politics . In 2012 , for example , Carlyle employees donated more than $ 518,000 to Mitt Romney and the Republican National Committee , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
While there is no evidence of a direct quid pro quo in New Jersey 's deal , Carlyle is no stranger to the intersection of pension contracts , campaign contributions and political power .
In 2005 , for example , federal prosecutors subpoenaed documents related to Carlyle paying a prominent Republican powerbroker $ 5 million to secure a pension deal in Illinois . A mere four years later , the company agreed to pay $ 20 million to settle a government investigation into a kickback scandal involving the New York State pension fund . A USA Today investigation that same year showed that `` Carlyle executives or employees also gave at least $ 114,375 to 18 pension fund officials or office seekers in 10 states since 1998 . ''
* * * *
Toward the end of my call with Grady , I pushed them to explain why the Christie Administration will not release the text of New Jersey 's partnership agreement with Carlyle . Do n't taxpayers - and , in particular pensioners - have a right to see the terms of the agreements being made in their name and with their money ? And would n't transparency clear up questions about potentially huge conflicts of interest and self dealing ?
Before saying they did not want to comment further , they declared that such secrecy is `` industry standard . '' Which , of course , is exactly why the questions need to keep being asked - whether or not those like Grady want them answered .
Grady 's disclosure documents :
2011
2012
2013
Cc f Disclosure 050911
[ illustration by Brad Jonas for Pando ]
Political leaders are forever asked to achieve the impossible .
To provide better services for lower taxes or protect jobs while preventing damage to the environment from economic activity . Tall orders .
Symbols and images help politicians smooth over the impossibilities of politics .
This is why Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is bringing their cabinet to Calgary starting on Sunday — to help balance their critique of the oilsands as a mark of their commitment to the environment , with their need to support a thriving Alberta economy .
But that support complicates Premier Rachel Notley 's goal of appearing to be the lone defender of Alberta 's interests .
Squaring the political circle
Many Canadians want Canada to play a leadership role in dealing with climate change . Voters also prefer to enjoy the benefits of policies without bearing the costs .
We are blowing past the conditions predicted to raise global temperatures by two degrees , and the Paris targets look dangerously like a hill too far . Current carbon pricing is too low to affect consumer behaviour . Even if we were to shut down our economy , it would have nearly no effect on predicted climate change .
To win re-election , the Liberals need to sustain the green credentials that helped them displace the NDP . They also need to protect jobs and the taxes that support programs and a precarious budget — keeping the Conservatives at bay .
How can a prime minister square these circles ?
Demonizing oilsands
Justin Trudeau knows that demonizing the oilsands helps them to do just that .
Alberta is an easy whipping boy for politicians outside its borders .
The home of anti-environment rednecks driving gas-guzzling trucks , hunting wildlife while complaining about transfer payments to other provinces , all resting on a bed of bitumen .
No matter that Albertans have responded rationally to the resources they found . Or that Alberta looks comparatively wanton — in part because the three other largest provincial economies were gifted relatively clean hydroelectric resources . Or that the life-cycle of cars built in Ontario results in as much carbon gas production as the oilsands . Or that Vancouver 's largest export by tonnage is coal .
Demonizing the oilsands distracts Canadians , and strengthens the apparent force of modest policy moves such as fiddling with the National Energy Board and placing a floor on carbon pricing . It 's a price so low that voters in the most populous provinces will not initially bear the cost of federal climate change policy . Thus , the Liberals wo n't need to bear possible national political damage .
Helping the planet without imposing costs . Perfect . A circle squared .
The federal government also gets cover as it approves pipelines that might protect economic growth and generate larger tax revenues in the future . How many and whether the calculus changes by the time they come to be built are open questions .
Given the Liberals limited strength in Alberta and a provincial NDP willing to bear the political costs of a carbon tax , the electoral stakes are relatively slight .
Yet , there are challenges .
Symbolic tough talk and the slow release of programs that keep the environment front and centre should work in the short term . But alienating a cooperative NDP government , Alberta voters , or the oil and gas industry , would not be good .
Hence the trip to Calgary , where Trudeau can be seen to talk directly to Albertans about the challenges they face . And also be seen to sympathize with a provincial government willing to relieve them of the political cost of a carbon tax . He 'll also talk about strategic investment with the oil and gas industry , and the need for change — at some unspecified time in the future .
It plays to the meme that Trudeau cares for all Canadians while at the same time protecting their government 's delicate balance between environmental and economic policies .
For their part , Premier Notley and their provincial government have their own challenges during their visit .
Demonizing Ottawa
Demonizing Ottawa has been a staple of provincial politics , helping to sustain long-standing political regimes . But when it comes to the environment , Alberta 's NDP and the federal Liberals share many concerns .
So Notley must find a way to label its carbon tax as a `` made in Alberta '' solution to an Alberta problem . A way to honourably keep pumping oil while avoiding policy congruence with Ottawa . They have to play nice , but not too nice .
It is a fascinating challenge : two fellow travellers manipulating symbols to get the distance between them just right . One made more so by the peculiar nature of their support .
Rachel Notley , the leader of a group of neophyte New Democrats who abruptly displaced a 40-year-old PC dynasty and are learning on the fly . Justin Trudeau , the leader of a type of political party — centrist — that is all but extinct in the democratic world . It reveals a distinctly Canadian approach to democracy .
It should be an interesting visit .
This column is an opinion . For more information about our commentary section , please read this editor 's blog and our FAQ .
Using the Lending Circle as a framework for buying shared resources and charity
WeTrustLeonD Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 14 , 2017
Here at WeTrust , we believe our Rotating Savings and Credit Association ( ROSCA ) products can truly change the world ! In addition to their traditional use as a way for people in a group to save together and receive money when they desperately need it , we 've seen other unique situations that would be well suited for our ROSCA products . In Part 1 of these 4 part series , we take a look at a few uses of the ROSCA mechanism !
WeTrust ROSCA for Group Purchase of a Shared Resource
Some things make sense to be purchased with pooled funds . Dinner at a nice restaurant with a group of friends . A subscription to online streaming services that 's shared among a family . Utilities and rent that are paid for with contributions by multiple roommates . All of these consist of people pooling their money together , just like in a ROSCA .
And as time goes on , people may find new ways to share a resource . With real estate prices skyrocketing and income for the young stagnating , it can be difficult for millennials to afford a mortgage . At the same time , home ownership can be a great investment , and being unable to own a home could limit the wealth-building opportunities of young millennials . The real estate market in places like the Bay Area , Shanghai or London is so pricey that some millennials worry they will be forever trapped as renters .
WeTrust would be able to provide a solution by making it easier for a group of millennial friends to purchase a home together . A WeTrust ROSCA could be designed to pool funds for making regular mortgage payments to a bank , with the house shared among the friends contributing into the ROSCA . The group of friends could then live in separate rooms within the house . By doing this , the group of friends can begin building their own wealth instead of paying rent to others !
Funds are pooled in a WeTrust ROSCA…
… and are sent to the bank to pay for a house shared by a group of friends !
WeTrust ROSCA for Group Purchase of a Fractionally Owned Resource
Some things , like a house with many rooms or online subscriptions , are naturally shared among friends . But what about things that are n't so easily shared ? For example , if a group of people decide to share a car , they might not always want to drive to the same place . One person in the group might want to go grocery shopping , another person might want to take a trip to the beach , and yet another person might want to drive to the mountains and go skiing !
ROSCAs lend themselves naturally to situations like this . A group of friends in a city such as San Francisco could create a WeTrust ROSCA to make payments on a car , much like the previously mentioned ROSCA for buying a house . The ROSCA could be set up to have weeklong rounds , with one “ winner ” each week . The winner could then use the car for that week ! The members of the ROSCA would each fractionally own a part of the car in a time-sharing agreement , and the WeTrust ROSCA would fairly determine who would be able to use the car in any given week .
In a city like San Francisco , most people use the abundant public transportation options and car share services to get around town . But people still want a car to be able to take the occasional weekend road trips to go wine tasting in Napa , skiing in Tahoe or surfing in Monterey . A group of friends could purchase a car together , and each week everyone sends in their portion to cover the car loan , and one of them would be able to use the car to go on their preferred trip !
Funds are pooled in a WeTrust ROSCA…
… and used to pay a car loan , while the ROSCA determines who uses the car at any given time !
WeTrust ROSCA for Charitable Giving
A group of friends may all believe in giving funds to charitable causes they believe in , but they may disagree on which charity could use the funds most urgently . A WeTrust ROSCA could be created to allow one member of a group of friends to receive the funds during each round , and donate those funds to a charity they personally believe in . In fact , WeTrust is running a Charity Circle with other blockchain community members , and they are all looking forward to using their Ethereum to do good in the world !
Funds are pooled in a WeTrust ROSCA…
… and the winner of the pot decides which charity to donate the funds to !
Click here to learn more about WeTrust !
Share ‎Find out what the CBI thinks and do the opposite
‎Find out what the CBI thinks and do the opposite The Confederation of British Industry has been wrong on every major decision for the past 100 years
The Confederation of British Industry has been wrong on every major decision for the past 100 years CBI has a long history of being wrong
One of the most important and powerful bodies that the British people will look to for guidance in how to vote in the euro-referendum will be the Confederation of British Industry ( CBI ) and its pronouncements on whether or not staying in Europe would be good for British industry , jobs and competitiveness . It is worthwhile , therefore , to look at the historical record of the CBI and the body from which it sprang , the Federation of British Industries ( FBI ) , to see how accurate their prognostications have been in the past , so here 's a brief historical overview of the organization 's capacity to peer into the future .
Founded in 1916 from 124 firms who each paid £1,000 to join , and incorporated by royal charter in 1923 , the FBI was one of the most powerful voices in favour of Britain rejoining the Gold Standard in 1925 , which led to catastrophic results for the British economy after the Wall Street Crash of 1929 . Unable to float sterling , terrible credit squeezes led to massive unemployment and widespread distress , yet even as late as August 1931 the FBI was adamantly opposed to Britain ditching the Gold Standard , even though when the Government did escape its stultifying currency straitjacket a month later it greatly benefitted the British economy and led to renewed growth .
During the 1930s the FBI were fervent supporters of the economic appeasement of Nazi Germany , believing , as Sir William Larke , a leading figure in the organization , put it , that ‘ negotiations between British industry and their opposite numbers in Germany ' would lead to better understanding between Hitler 's government at Britain 's . ‘ In June 1937 , ' writes Prof. Frank McDonough in their seminal book Neville Chamberlain , Appeasement and the British Road to War , ‘ many sessions of the International Chamber of Commerce in Berlin witnessed a number of cordial speeches from British and German delegates on the possibility of economic collaboration , ' and between 1937 and 1939 ‘ the drive for Anglo-German economic understanding reached its height , ' with the FBI overseeing 133 seaprate agreements between British and German business groups in 1938 and 1939 .
Despicably , even on the day that Hitler 's tanks rolled into Prague on 15 March 1939 , the FBI took the decision to carry on with a trade mission to Dusseldorf , on the grounds that ‘ political differences have nothing to do with industrialists . ' In its internal memos meanwhile , the FBI advised member companies to wait before signing new deals with their German counterparts ‘ until public opinion on this side had to some extent died down . ' The FBI then kept up its close involvement with its Nazi-controlled opposite number , the Reichsgruppe Industrie , right up to the outbreak of war in September 1939 .
Similarly , during the Cold War the FBI and subsequently its successor after 1965 , the CBI , constantly advised in favour of the economic appeasement of the Soviet Union and its Warsaw Pact vassal-states . Lenin famously said ‘ We will sell the capitalists the rope with which we will hang them , ' and there was no stronger advocate for the appeasement of Communism than the CBI . With CBI-affiliated companies such as John Browne Engineering and GKN heavily invested in the USSR , and City firms such as Kleinwort Benson giving low-interest credit to Russia , it was perhaps inevitable that the CBI should have opposed imposing sanctions on Russia after the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 . Instead , it was the relentless pressure imposed by Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher that eventually brought down the monstrous tyranny of Soviet Communism , which had to be done in the teeth of the appeasement advocated by the CBI and its predecessor . After all , ‘ political differences have nothing to do with industrialists . '
One might have assumed that because Margaret Thatcher 's reforms of the 1980s were the best thing ever to befall British business , they might have been supported by the CBI , but not a bit of it . By total contrast , their director-general , Sir Terence Beckett , made a savage attack on the Thatcher government in their first speech in the post in 1980 , calling for a “ bare-knuckle ” confrontation with them over their proposed trade union reforms . In their autobiography , Lady Thatcher wrote of how ‘ The CBI was also , as usual , opposed to any “ Precipitate ” action . ' They undermined them in public as the legislation went through , even though ultimately they were to be the primary beneficiaries of measures such as the abolition of secondary picketing . Their arguments against trade union reforms were used by Jim Prior against them in Cabinet , and it was only once they had successfully seen the reforms through and brought round the economy , and after they won three elections in a row , that the CBI began exhibiting embarrassingly slavish devotion to them ( There is nothing the CBI admires so much as power , as their present lapdog attitude towards Brussels shows . )
Yet even beyond the world of politics , the CBI has consistently got things wrong . Even in the area of economics it has been consistently behind the curve , insisting on supporting the old thinking rather than the new . ‘ In the 1940s , it was often for nationalization , ' points out Daniel Hannan MEP . ‘ In the 1950s it was for state planning . In the 1960s , it was for tripartite industrial relations . In the 1970s , it was for price controls . In the 1980s , it was for the ERM . In the 1990s it was for the euro . ' Each time it adopted the view of the respectable Establishment tendency , and each time it was proved wrong by the forces of history .
In a 2015 CBI document celebrating the ‘ highlights from the CBI 's first 50 years ' , the CBI itself trumpeted the fact that in 1987 it had ‘ called for full UK membership of the European Monetary System , arguing that the discipline of a more stable exchange rate could help to increase Britain 's share of world trade ' . In fact British membership of the ERM led to interest rates hitting 15 % in 1992 and millions of homeowners going into negative equity . Only after the UK crashed out of the ERM on ‘ Black Wednesday ' on 16 September 1992 – against the CBI 's advice – did Britain enjoy a sustained period of economic growth .
With such a record it was perhaps inevitable that in 1999 the CBI would argue that joining the Euro would , in its own words , ‘ deliver significant benefits to the UK economy ' , including allowing British companies ‘ to participate fully in a more complete and competitive single market ' and removing ‘ from the UK economy the harmful impact of exchange rate volatility ' . Yet what actually happened ? Since the euro crisis began in 2009 several Eurozone countries have suffered economic depression , while the UK , which was able to devalue its currency , returned to economic growth .
With it 's by now well-established history of invariably getting all the important things wrong , the CBI has consistently supported transferring control from the British Parliament and courts to EU institutions . In 2000 it stated that the need for the Nice Treaty , which transferred further control to the EU institutions , was ‘ pressing ' . In 2008 it said that it ‘ welcomes the attempt to clarify the role and remit of the EU ' in the Lisbon Treaty , which transferred yet more control from the UK to the EU . The result of greater EU control is that half the laws made each year which apply to the UK are now made by unaccountable and undemocratic EU institutions .
At its 2015 conference , the CBI invited four speakers who were in favour of VoteStay and not one who was in favour of VoteLeave , which gives one a clue as to their political stance today . So much for their former stance that ‘ Political differences have nothing to do with industrialists . '
With this woeful , ninety-year record for failing to stand up for Britain , it is clearly is very important for the British people to find out from the CBI what it thinks about the coming euro-referendum .
And then do the exact opposite .
Andrew Roberts is one of Britain 's leading historians and the author of Napoleon the Great , published by Penguin .
Share
Over nine million children lack health insurance , a trend that shows no sign of slowing down . The consequences can be grievous . Twelve-year-old Deamonte Diver died when an infection from their abscessed tooth spread to their brain ; they had no insurance and their mother could not afford $ 80 to have the tooth pulled . Devante Johnson , age 14 , died when their health insurance lapsed -- due to a bureaucratic snafu -- right in the middle of their treatment for kidney disease .
Children should not be falling through the cracks like this . In 1997 Sen. Ted Kennedy ( D ) , Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R ) , and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton spearheaded S-CHIP , a joint federal-state effort to subsidize health coverage for over six million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but not enough to afford private coverage .
Why , then , are so many children still without health care ? In 2007 Congress voted to expand S-CHIP to include another 3.5 million children , but the bill was vetoed by President Bush , who sneaked behind closed doors to cast their veto without media coverage . Sen. Harry Reed ( D ) called this decision `` heartless . ''
The candidates are divided on the issue of how to expand health care for children . For example , Barack Obama supported expansion of S-CHIP ; John McCain opposed it . S-CHIP will come up again for reauthorization in early 2009 .
To learn more about what 's at stake in this arena , OffTheBus spoke with Marian Wright Edelman , founder of the Children '' s Defense Fund , the nation 's strongest voice for children and families . In 2000 they received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation 's highest civilian honor , and the Robert F. Kennedy Lifetime Achievement Award . They are a board member of the Robin Hood Foundation , and is a member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences .
Is the U.S. experiencing a children 's healthcare crisis ?
Marian Wright Edelman : I call it a crisis . One out of every nine children have no health care at all . The effect is devastating . Too many infants are born at low birth weight and die in their first year of life . Uninsured children often go two years without seeing a doctor , even for basic health screenings . And when they go to an emergency room , uninsured children are twice as likely as insured children to die in the hospital .
Is the number of uninsured children increasing ?
Actually it decreased last year -- from 9.4 million to 8.9 million -- but it was not because more children were covered by private health insurance . Far from it . Private coverage for children continues to erode , and I expect the number to drop again next year as more parents lose their jobs and health insurance due to the economic downturn . The only reason the number of uninsured children was n't higher last year was because more children enrolled in two critical safety net programs -- Medicaid and S-CHIP .
What is your perspective on the S-CHIP program ?
I 'm president of the Children 's Defense Fund , an original proponent of S-CHIP . Sadly , today nearly nine million children remain uninsured . We must seize this opportunity -- this election -- to make sure all of the candidates understand that coverage for all children is something the American people want . Children ca n't wait .
What are the long-term implications for children without health care ?
All children need health coverage now . Their growing bodies , developing brains , and emotional health are the building blocks of their adult capabilities and our nation 's future . Children with unmet health care needs have immeasurably lower educational outcomes , and as adults their earning power is lower on average . A child without health care is starting life at a serious disadvantage .
What does it mean to be under-insured ?
Underinsured children have health coverage but not full benefits . For example , mental health , vision and dental services are often excluded , with heartbreaking consequences . That 's what happened to Deamonte Diver , who died because they could n't afford to have their infected tooth removed .
What is your perspective on coverage for the children of immigrants ?
A child is a child is a child . I believe all children , regardless of immigration status , should receive health care . Immigration status is not a factor when it comes to public education , why should it be a factor in access to health care ? The way it stands now , the Federal government allows S-CHIP dollars to cover legal immigrants that have been in the U.S. for five or more years .
President Bush says expansion of S-CHIP would entice parents to move from private to government coverage at taxpayer expense . Is there any evidence to support this concern ?
That did n't happen when Congress voted to add a prescription drug benefit to Medicare for seniors . Seventy percent of those people already had private coverage for prescription drugs , and they kept it .
What do you think of John McCain 's plan to expand children 's health care ?
Senator McCain has no specific health care plan for children . In 2007 they voted against legislation that would have improved and expanded S-CHIP to cover an additional 3.5 million children . At the Children 's Defense Fund , we keep a Congressional scorecard . Senator McCain received the lowest score of anyone in the Senate in 2007 .
What do you think of Barack Obama 's plan to expand children 's health care ?
Senator Obama 's health care reform plan calls for a `` mandate '' to cover all children and young adults under age 25 . Recognizing that children are a special population with specific and immediate health care needs is the right way to go . Preventive care costs a fraction of emergency room care : $ 100 to treat an asthma attack at a doctor 's office ; $ 7,300 when emergency room care is the only option .
Realistically , is there any money left for children , after the Iraq War and the Wall Street bailout ?
As we prepare to spend billions of taxpayer dollars to rescue Wall Street from its own excesses , it is unthinkable to me that we would quibble about the cost to care for children -- a mere fraction of the cost of the bailout . To insure nine million children would cost taxpayers less than $ 1 per week . We ca n't put the Wall Street bailout on our children 's backs . This November , we must hold our elected officials accountable for the policy choices that led us to this place .
* * *
Polls show that health care coverage for all children is something nearly everyone wants . Almost universally considered the decent thing to do , it is also a smart investment . In Florida when parents were helped to buy coverage , emergency room visits dropped by 70 percent , saving the taxpayers $ 13 million . Few policies are more clearly aligned with American values . Still , Republicans have managed to turn this issue into a political football .
John McCain believes more vigorous competition among private insurers will go a long way toward solving many of the problems plaguing health care today . They say freeing the market from regulation will drive down costs . For an overview of the McCain-Palin health care plan , click here .
Barack Obama believes enlightened regulation and government intervention will help make affordable health insurance available to all Americans . They would begin by mandating coverage for children . For an overview of the Obama-Biden plan , click here .
The Kaiser Public Opinion Spotlight on health care and elections examined public opinion data and historical trends to give some insight into the potential role health care will play in this election . To download the Spotlight , click here .
CBS News reports that one in four children have no full time coverage , a gap twice as big as anyone thought . Eight in 10 Americans favor expanding S-CHIP , which also has the support of private insurance companies , organized labor , the pharmaceutical industry , and hundreds of leading health and children 's advocacy groups . This popular children 's health insurance program is designed to give low-income working families access to regular check-ups , hospitalization , and vision/hearing screenings . To find out if your children are eligible call toll free 1 ( 877 ) KIDS-NOW .
* * *
Candidates ' Voting Record On Issues Related To Children 's Health Care
-- State Children 's Health Insurance Program ( S-CHIP ) Reauth . ( 8/2007 ) : McCain - No ; Obama - Yes
-- Teen Pregnancy Education Amendment ( 2006 ) : McCain - No ; Obama - Yes
-- Hurricane Health Care Amendment , to provide emergency health care for survivors of Katrina ( 2005 ) : McCain - No ; Obama - Yes
Around 50 years ago an association closed its books after successfully setting up over 470 public gardens around the UK .
Founded in 1936 , the King George 's Field Foundation was set up to commemorate the recently deceased King , but in a manner that could be more widely enjoyed than a statue in London .
Having managed to buy 471 plots of land and convert them into public gardens , the foundation closed its doors in 1965 , and the gardens are now managed by the National Playing Fields Association and local councils .
One of those gardens is within the City of London , just around the corner from Tower Gateway DLR .
What is now known as Portsoken Street Garden , was recently refurbished , and is also the smallest King George 's Field in the UK .
It 's quite a charming little space , carved out of land which today would probably be a bland office block , and has been refurbished in a child friendly manner . Not that this adult could resist playing with the musical instrument made from bellows and old railway sleepers .
Hoot Honk , Hoot Honk .
Otherwise , it 's a pleasant little space , with a small stone plaque to mark its regal association , and a waterfall that did n't quite drown out the noise of the rugby match being watched in the pub opposite .
Adding to the effect though , is that the next door hotel has also cleverly covered their facing wall with planting as well , creating an illusion of a much larger and greener space than might otherwise exist .
This little plot of garden can be found here . You might also notice a small plaque on one bench , indicating that it was donated by the little known Metropolitan Public Gardens Association , which has been improving public gardens since 1882 .
The King George Fields in London :
The tables could turn by the end of this year in the drama of the U.S. mobile underdogs , with T-Mobile possibly passing Sprint to become the third-largest carrier in the country .
That 's the outlook from analyst Chetan Sharma , who says T-Mobile may have more total customers than Sprint within two or three quarters . They also found that carriers are getting most of their new connections from tablets and other connected devices , according to the second-quarter Mobile Future Forward report from Chetan Sharma Consulting , released on Thursday .
While Sprint still has 16 percent of the country 's mobile market , its subscriber rolls are shrinking while T-Mobile , now at 15 percent , keeps growing . T-Mobile has gained customers every quarter since the beginning of last year and is about to erase all the losses it suffered in a slide that began back in 2009 , Sharma said . In their most recent quarterly financial reports , T-Mobile reported a net gain of 1.5 million subscribers and Sprint posted a net loss of 220,000 .
Those numbers include both postpaid and prepaid subscribers . T-Mobile already has more prepaid customers than Sprint , but postpaid is a more secure source of revenue and financial viability .
Make way for # 3
If it passes Sprint 's subscriber numbers , T-Mobile can lay claim to being the third-largest mobile operator in America . In a sense , it would win the battle of the laggards , because AT & T and Verizon still dominate the market with about 68 percent of subscribers—and 68 percent of mobile data revenue—combined .
On Wednesday , Sprint named a new CEO , Marcelo Claure , while backing down from making a widely rumored bid for T-Mobile that was expected to face strong opposition from regulators . The troubled carrier faces an uncertain future even with vast spectrum license holdings and a rich parent company , Japan 's Softbank . But do n't look for T-Mobile to try to buy Sprint any time soon , Sharma said . Parent company Deutsche Telekom has been trying to sell off T-Mobile and shift its resources back to Europe for some time .
Sharma does expect the runner-up carriers to become one player with about 30 percent of the market and a stronger position against AT & T and Verizon . It 's just not clear how or when that will happen , they said .
On Wednesday , U.S. Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler said in a statement that “ four wireless providers are good for American consumers. ” That position might or might not change after a new president is elected in 2016 , but a big shift in the market might affect it , too , Sharma said .
“ This administration is just not going to allow this unless the facts on the ground change drastically , ” they said . “ It could be that one of these players starts to really have a sharp decline in their market cap , meaning that Wall Street thinks that they are in real trouble . ”
T-Mobile had the best subscriber gain of any carrier in the quarter , but most of the industry 's added connections were n't new phones . Instead , they were connected devices , which were chiefly tablets but also so-called machine-to-machine equipment such as connected cars , enterprise sensors and health-care devices . Sharma 's study found that 84 percent of net additions were from non-phone devices and that 70 percent of those were tablets .
It was inevitable . With much of the debate over the past year focusing on Social Justice Warriors , `` safe spaces '' , and - most notably - `` trigger warnings , '' moments ago the first such caution emerged when Hofstra University- the venue of tonight 's historic debate - posted a “ trigger warning ” sign to warn students about the potentially disturbing content that may be discussed during Monday night 's presidential debate .
According to CBS New York reporter Tony Aiello , a sign inside of the student center at Hofstra reads , “ Trigger warning : The event conducted just beyond this sign may contain triggering and/or sensitive material . Sexual violence , sexual assault , and abuse are some topics mentioned within this event . If you feel triggered , please know there are resources to help you . ”
As MrcTV adds , the sign provides students with contact information for student counseling services , the Title IX coordinator , student advocacy and prevention , and the national sexual assault hotline
Mia Goth in ' A Cure for Wellness . '
Horror films have always been a way to examine the world around us . When we 're afraid and quaking , our surroundings reveal themselves in a different way . Lines shift and are reformed as our own fear adjusts our priorities , pulling what we really care about into view .
To isolate the essence of what frightens us is to ask , not only what we are afraid of losing , but also what we are afraid to see distorted and perverted . During the 60s and 70s , when some of cinema 's golden horror films were produced , they addressed unfolding topics that threatened to rip society apart . The Shining , Rosemary 's Baby and The Exorcist picked at our anxieties about family , god and human decency — gazing at the moral totems of our world and declaring them expired . Those films played on real fears that people carried around in their bellies , particularly as they adjusted to new social paradigms with the the invention of the Pill , looming nuclear war and the fall of the Nixon administration .
Across the 80s and arguably into the 90s the genre faltered . While movies were still being made , spawning franchises and careers , they were considerably less self reflective . Horror movies were increasingly held together by tropes , tricks , and dried corn syrup . Even bright lights like the original Scream movie — a meta masterpiece — itself deflated over countless rehashings . Jokes formed around horror films — do n't have sex , do n't be anything but white and definitely do n't take your shirt off if you want to live — as they became games to survive not examine . Our fear became one dimensional .
Essie Davis and Noah Wiseman in 'The Babadook '
But in recent years , this ribbon of intelligence and sensitivity to the wider world has returned . We 've begun to look past the monsters and murders to interrogate what really keeps us up at night . Reviewing the films that are now populating cinemas , it 's clear we 're once again aware of the real terror lurking in the real world . Films like Get Out , Raw , the Babadook and It Follows are not moored in our nightmares but our neighbourhoods . They take their cues from the newspaper , and the lingering anxieties that clutter our conversations and make us worry about our futures . They are n't turning to familiar frights , but recognising and defining new ones .
As such , in 2017 these movies have evolved to be more than a mirror , they 're starting and extending social conversations . Adding new elements to existing dialogues , they unpick topics the rest of the media is only running their tongue along .
Perhaps the most visible and lauded example of this is Jordan Peele 's debut feature Get Out . They have commented that the project began when they realised the movie they wanted to watch , did n't exist . On the surface this can be seen as them referring to their choice to create a horror movie around a black male lead — the character who , in most subsequent horror films , has usually died first .
Daniel Kaluuya in 'Get Out . '
But what is initially an inversion of roles and a challenge to structures quickly opened up to be a comment on the very real fear and danger entangled with being a black man in America . Issues around racially motivated violence and entrenched racism are among the most loaded in circulation today . But buffered by genre , they 're able to be unpacked by millions of people across the world , written about in countless publications and endlessly examined in private . It 's hard to imagine any other piece medium bringing the safety of black men into so many homes , but packaged within horror , the lie of a post-racial world is smuggled into minds that could otherwise be closed .
A similar move has been pulled in relation to gender , arguably one of the most discussed topics of our age . But again , digested through horror , new questions and considerations have emerged that invigorate a conversation that had threatened to feel stale . The Witch , Raw and It Follows have all seen blood , guts and violence serve as a conduit for the delicate fears around growing up and moving from adolescence to adulthood . While other coming of age films snag on romance and perhaps an artful deflowering , here violence and horror is the most natural expression for so many female anxieties , as young women feel themselves wretched away from the comfort of childhood . It 's no wonder that the flow-on effect from this has been the scream queen title shifting from a b-movie box to a very real and smart launch pad for a young actor . Women like Anya Taylor-Joy , Maika Monroe and Chloe Moretz have used horror films to define them as singular and intense talents .
But more impressively , this new generation of horror films has allowed us to peer into things we were n't quite ready to view . They have given form to feelings that had n't yet grown into thoughts . While we 're less gagged today than we were when George A Romero was making The Night of the Living Dead in 1968 , there are still subjects we struggle to face .
Maika Monroe in 'It Follows . '
The recent run of films playing off motherhood are an example of how horror allows us to again use the buffer of genre to say things that otherwise feel too bitter in our mouths . The souring of the parental ideal is difficult to express , as is the fear of pregnancy or maternity . But in the Babadook we witness a woman driven mad by a difficult child and increasingly terrifying and suffocating circumstances . Not all parents are being haunted by a children 's book , but many would recognise Amelia 's fraying tether to reality as exhaustion and grief erode their body and mind .
Similarly Prevenge and Afterbirth invert the miracle of life narrative to give space to the real alien fear of carrying another creature inside you , especially one that is able to impact and control your body . Previously pregnancy and the vulnerabilities tied to it informed classic films like Rosemary 's Baby and Alien , but more recent offerings not only address anxieties about our bodies , but also shifting roles . They allow the female characters to question if they even want to be mothers , and trade freedom and selfish pleasures to serve as carer and protector for another being .
Ultimately horror films are less outward looking today , rather they tend to peer into the dark reality of our own lives . Monsters are n't swimming up from the murky depths , but are pieces of our identity we 've allowed to fester . In 2002 , Gore Verbinski adapted the Japanese horror hit The Ring for a western audience . They literally found their antagonist in a foreign object that appears in people 's lives to destroy them . 15 years later they returned to the genre with A Cure For Wellness , a film that positions our own obsession with an impossibly pure , manufactured idea of health as the ultimate threat . Conveniently also spinning in themes of modern workplace culture and our open willingness to let our desire to `` have it all '' literally kill us .
Alice Lowe in 'Prevenge . '
Similarly , Get Out — which has largely been a catalyst for a conversation around race — serves up villains that are painfully `` woke '' . Their hollow , forced liberalism is not only a source for comedy , but also a warning for how we cloak ourselves in enlightened dialogue and think it means we 're not able to be revealed as the ultimate problem . Before this film , it was a moral quandary that had perhaps only been reflected on when someone was called out on Twitter .
Ultimately , these new themes in horror speak about our growing ability and willingness to interrogate our own world , and not trust what we see and hear . It 's not surprising that a generation fed on the threat of `` fake news '' and political messaging that 's doctored and spun like fairy floss , would develop a new level of critical insight . When reading the paper requires an ability to sift fact , fiction and question the reality of the world we 're being presented , it 's no wonder this new set of life skills finds its way into horror scripts . Who could make a better horror film than a generation raised on the questions , what is real ? Who speaks the truth ? And are we the victims or the villains ?
Credits
Text Wendy Syfret
Images via IMDB
JavaScript is an awesome language . Now , a few years ago , you 'd be marked out as a weirdo for saying something like that . I think there 'd probably be some kind of witch-burning ceremony or something , because JavaScript was this stupid language which had stupid syntax and stupid scope and was used to do stupid things by stupid people and just led to awful spaghetti code and killed kittens .
These days people are more understanding , and more and more are coming out of the JavaScript closet . It 's starting to become cool . And I do n't mean cool as in “ look at this cool bouncing text ” ( only works in Internet Explorer 4+ and Netscape 3+ ) ; I mean cool as in “ hey , check out that cool guy over there writing JavaScript , look how cool they are ! ” . These days John Resig is a ninja and Douglas Crockford is Chuck Norris .
Seriously though , what 's so great about JavaScript ?
Functions or lambdas
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet , and JavaScript 's functions are sweet like chocolate . I tried to explain to a friend recently just what was so great about JavaScript . What I decided was that it was the functions . JavaScript 's functions can act like lambdas , functions and methods . They can be used to create modules , namespaces , classes and objects . A language like Ruby is a toolbox with some really neat little tools that do their job really nicely . JavaScript is a leather sheath with a really really sharp knife inside . That knife can cut anything , and with it you can do anything . You can kill a bear . You can catch fish . You can whittle a piece of wood into a pony . It 's even a toothpick .
So what makes JavaScript functions so great ? It 's two things I think : first-class citizenship and closures .
Functions as first-class citizens
Functions are people too you know ? Well , no they 're not actually , but they are objects . They can be passed around like any other object . They can be assigned to variables , passed as arguments , and even returned . And because you can write function literals in JavaScript , you can return a function without even naming it :
function outer ( ) { return function ( ) { alert ( `` I 'm in ur function , accessin ' ur local variablez '' ) ; } ; }
This kind of thing is really powerful . I 'm not going to try to give any clever examples because it 's the kind of thing you only truly get once you 've done it yourself and suddenly the whole universe opens up in your mind .
Closures
A closure is a funny thing to get your head around . If you 're used to a static language , then it just wo n't make sense . Really it 's another one of those things that you have to do until you transcend , but I 'm going to have a go explaining it .
Closures are intimately related to first-class functions . One of the things you can do with a function in JavaScript is define it within another function . You can nest functions as deep as you like . Here 's an example of a nested function :
function outer ( ) { var name = 'Bob ' ; function inner ( ) { alert ( name ) ; } inner ( ) ; }
So , in this example , when outer is called , it defines name and inner as a local variable and function , respectively ( i.e . they are not visible outside of outer ) . Then inner is called , which alerts name ( ‘ Bob ' ) . That 's not very exciting though – all it shows is that a function can access variables defined in an enclosing scope . But look what happens here :
function outer ( ) { var name = 'Dave ' ; function inner ( ) { alert ( name ) ; } return inner ; } var something = outer ( ) ; something ( ) ;
Now outer is called , and it defines name and inner like in the previous example . This time , however , inner is returned ( alternatively , I could 've just returned it as a function literal like earlier ) . When outer is called , its return value is assigned to something . something is now the same function as inner . But what happens when we call something ? outer has returned , so when something tries to access it is 'll probably segfault or something . Well , no , it wo n't . That 's where the magic happens . When inner was returned , it somehow magically “ closed over ” its containing scope , essentially keeping it all available even after outer returned . You can do this with arguments as well :
function outer ( arg ) { return function ( ) { alert ( arg ) ; } } outer ( 5 ) ( ) ;
This time the returned function has access to the argument of the outer function . That last crazy line there with all the parentheses is n't Lisp , it 's JavaScript , believe it or not ( Lisp parentheses are nested , in case you ever need to tell the difference ) . outer is getting called with an argument of 5 , and then the return value of that call is called itself .
These two things , first-class functions and closures , are what make JavaScript functions so powerful and flexible . Again , this power needs to be felt to be believed , and the only way to feel it is to write it .
Douglas Crockford
Another thing that 's great about JavaScript is Douglas Crockford . They not only wrote the best book on JavaScript – he 's also given the best talks on the language .
Dynamic typing
I 'm a big fan of dynamic typing . It adds so much flexibility , agility and speed to programming . It also makes programming much more fun . I 've written a few posts on the subject so no need to go into more detail here .
Conceptual purity
If I went back ten years and told anyone ( myself included ) that one of the great things about JavaScript was its conceptual purity , I 'd be laughed out of my time machine . But it 's true , there 's something really pure about the language . What can be achieved with such simple language constructs is amazing . There are just objects and arrays ( and arrays are just specialised objects ) . There are literals for objects and arrays . There are functions , and loops . And that 's pretty much it . No classes , no modules , no iterators , no generators , no templates or generics , no macros . None of these things because they just are n't necessary when functions are allowed to be free as nature intended . You 'd think that it would feel limiting not having these features , but it 's actually liberating . It feels clean , and pure . But powerful . Like a polar bear .
Why JavaScript is n't awesome
There are a few small things that I do n't like about JavaScript ( and are generally considered a Bad ThingTM ) .
Implied globals
If you do n't declare a variable as local with var , you 're making it global . I do n't need to go into why global variables are a bad thing , because everyone else has .
Semicolon insertion
There was a programme on TV once and they showed all these x-rays with weird things in like toy cars and bottles and stuff , and … oh yeah , semicolon insertion . That 's where the JavaScript interpreter makes it easier for non-programmers to write JavaScript that works and makes it harder for programmers to write JavaScript that 's correct . Silly . Here 's what happens :
return { javascript : `` fantastic '' } ; //This will return an object with a single property //the interpreter sees this as an empty return statement so inserts a semicolon : return //this line is interpreted as `` return ; '' - with a semicolon { javascript : `` fantastic '' } ; //this is just an empty block now .
But I love it really
It 's easy to mitigate those two things with decent coding practices . Basically , always use var , always use semicolons where necessary , and always put the opening brace at the end of the previous line , not at the beginning of the next . Finally , put anything you write through JSLint . It 's like a compiler , without the necessity .
Further reading
JavaScript : The Good Parts : This is Douglas Crockford 's book on JavaScript , and it 's brilliant . It 's only 176 pages , but manages to pack a lot into those pages . By the end you 'll know how to write a recursive descent parser for parsing JSON in JavaScript ( some really beautiful code ) .
Move over Java , I have fallen in love with JavaScript : Miško Hevery usually writes great things about testing – here they talk about JavaScript , from the perspective of a Java programmer .
Best resources to learn JavaScript : This is a useful list of resources for learning JavaScript ( as suggested by its title ) .
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs : If you still do n't understand what all the fuss is with functional programming , read this book . I 'm only half-way through , but it 's already taught me more about programming than any other book . It 's also probably the reason I love JavaScript so much , because deep down , JavaScript is just Scheme in C 's clothing .
To read more on Star Wars : The Last Jedi , pick up the new issue on stands Monday . You can buy the set of four covers here , or purchase individual covers featuring Kylo Ren/Rey , Finn/Rose , Poe/Holdo , or Luke/Leia now . Do n't forget to subscribe for more exclusive interviews and photos , only in EW .
Luke Skywalker quietly walks aboard the Millennium Falcon , alone . Their old friends are gone . Their old life is gone . They are ghostlike himself .
The old Luke Skywalker is gone , too .
That 's a scene from the latest trailer for The Last Jedi ( see it here ) , but in real life , visiting the set of the old Corellian freighter was a similarly haunting experience for Mark Hamill .
“ I 'm telling you , I did n't expect to have the reaction I had , ” the 66-year-old actor tells EW . “ I was there with my family , with [ my children ] Nathan and Griffin and Chelsea and my wife Marilou , and [ Lucasfilm ] asked if the documentary crew could be there when I came back on the Millennium Falcon . I mean , this was not on the shooting day . I was just street clothes and going to visit that set . And I said , ‘ Sure . ' ”
David James/© 2017 Lucasfilm Ltd .
It did n't take long for it to overwhelm him . “ It was sort of like visiting an old house that you lived in when you were a kid , ” they say . “ I mean , I just welled up with emotion and I said , ‘ I need to be by myself . ' ”
When the others left , the actor reacted much the way Luke does in the scene . They looked around , took it in . Let it hit him .
“ They had recreated it down to every last detail that I remember . The oil drips , the hanging pipes , just everything . The dice in the cockpit , ” they said .
The Last Jedi writer-director Rian Johnson says that shot of Luke venturing into the Falcon was one of the first days of shooting with Hamill at Pinewood Studios .
“ God , I remember so vividly getting that shot of them turning on the lights in the Falcon cockpit , ” Johnson says . The cockpit set is an enclosed space , so every crew member on set was huddled around the video monitors to see it unfold . “ And we all kind of looked at each other , just like , ‘ Oh my God . ”
It was an emotional scene , but not especially jubilant . “ There 's a lot of melancholy , ” Johnson says . “ You know , that ship is just filled with ghosts for Luke . ”
RELATED : 14 new Star Wars : The Last Jedi images from a galaxy far , far away
Lucasfilm
The only funny thing is … the character never even liked the ship . In our interview , Hamill recreated the famous line Luke utters after laying eyes on Han Solo 's ride in the original 1977 movie :
“ ‘ What a piece of junk ! ' you know ? ” the actor says . But that beat up old ship means a great deal to people , in that fictional galaxy and beyond . Seeing that set once more in real life made Hamill realize how much .
“ All of this , happening to me again was… it 's hard to put into words , ” Hamill says . “ I figured when the prequels came out , plus a few years , people would forget about us . But it never really went away . ”
Instead , it 's stronger than ever . For years , fans have been approaching Hamill , telling them what these movies mean to them . “ People have these stories they tell you , you know , about how [ Star Wars ] helped them through hard times . Or they met their wife in line for this [ movie ] , and were married by that one , and had a child by that one . ”
Revisiting the Millennium Falcon made Hamill realize that they can mark their life by the Star Wars movies , too . It 's going to be harder for them to hear those stories now .
“ I feel like , you know , I need to calm things down because it 's one of those things that if you start crying , I 'll start crying , ” they say . “ So , stop it . ”
The Indian navy received the indigenously made , anti-submarine Varunastra electric torpedo during a ceremony Wednesday , the sea service said . Photo by DRDO/Facebook
NEW DEHLI , India , June 30 ( UPI ) -- The Indian navy took possession of the indigenously made , anti-submarine Varunastra electric torpedo from the Ministry of Defense during a ceremony Thursday , the sea service announced .
Varunastra is the first indigenous state-of-the-art heavyweight torpedo designed by the country 's Defense Research and Development Organization , or DRDO , the organization said on its Facebook page .
The missile can target submarines in deep and littoral waters .
It also features high-speed , long-endurance propulsion and can operate in various combat scenarios , DRDO said , and features more than 95 percent native content .
The navy is planning to produce 73 of the missiles .
It can be fired from Rajput-class and Delhi-class destroyers , and future anti-submarine warfare ships .
Also this week , India 's Odisha TV reported that India had successfully fired a medium-range surface-to-air missile that was developed jointly with Israel .
Notified : Hospitals say no to MJ with vague numbers , pot busts , scholarships and Black Hills rejected .
Kara Mason Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 28 , 2016
This week on Notified let 's go deeper into the marijuana busts in Pueblo County . Is there a problem and is Pueblo County hearing the entire story on the increased busts ? But first about the hospitals coming out in favor of prohibition .
100 percent of Pueblo hospitals give 50 percent of the facts on marijuana incidents .
Pueblo 's hospitals have thrown themselves into the battle over whether the county should scrap the recreational marijuana industry . The hospitals are backing the petition with statistics . Statistics , that without exact numbers , can have a whole different connotation .
At an event hosted by Pueblo for Positive Impact , the group behind the petition , St. Mary-Corwin 's CEO Brian Moore said of the babies born in March that were tested for suspected prenatal drug exposure , half had THC in their system . 50 percent is a big jump , but what do the numbers look like ?
Out of 52 babies born at St. Mary Corwin , 11 were tested and five tested positive for THC . The hospitals say they stick to a strict verbal screening when deciding whether to test a newborn for prenatal drug exposure .
Moore added that when drug tests were performed on level I and II trauma patients — not all patients receive drug tests— the hospital saw a 32 percent jump in people with THC in their blood . But Moore did n't provide any details on how they reached this 32 percent .
Parkview CEO Mike Baxter is on the same page . They said the hospital has seen a 51 percent increase over the past two years of kids ages 18 and younger for marijuana-related conditions . PULP asked for the numbers . In the past two years that translates into 99 cases . Meaning , in 2012 and 2013 the hospital counted just over 50 cases in the course of two years .
PULP has not received clarification on what a ‘ marijuana-related condition ' is as of this posting . Also it 's unclear at this point if other hospitals across the state are seeing the same trends .
Pueblo West pot busts for days
It 's been a busy month and a half for the Pueblo County Sheriff 's Office . The agency made 19 arrests and seized more than 4,000 marijuana plants in 13 illegal marijuana grows in Pueblo West homes since March 14 .
So , do the marijuana grow busts a Pueblo West thing ?
No . Last month , 12 marijuana home grows were discovered in Denver in one night . The bust took place in 20 different locations across four counties in the Denver metro area .
While the PW busts are most recent , the trend is not local .
Last year , 32 were arrested and 20,000 plants were confiscated in a six-week period across the state . Part of that cluster was an operation in Cotopaxi and Westcliffe . Twenty people were arrested and 1,000 plants and 50 pounds of dried marijuana were confiscated . Also , authorities found 28 firearms and $ 25,000 in cash .
But , Pueblo County is claiming to be leading the state in regulations ?
There has been some disagreement between Pueblo County Commissioners and the Pueblo County Sheriff 's Office over what 's driving the growth .
Commissioner Sal Pace has said , “ We agree wholeheartedly with law enforcement that illegal home grows need to stop ; that 's why we 've led the state putting laws in place to limit This grows . ”
But curbing the amount of plants in a residence has mainly come on the medical side of regulation . Pueblo County caps medicial marijuana caregivers to 18 plants . That limit is much higher elsewhere in Colorado . Pueblo County Sheriff 's Office PIO Gayle Perez told PULP none of the growers involved in the last month of busts had caregiver licenses . One had partial paperwork , but even that grow came well more than the 18 plants . The grower had more than 100 .
Pueblo County Sheriff Kirk Taylor has said these busts have come from people who are exploiting the ‘ loopholes ' in Amendment 64 and Amendment 20 . But is theirs this term accurate ? Large grows such as the one in Pueblo West were illegal before the amendments 20 and 64 and after . A loophole in a law would mean the act is legal .
The public has been driving the marijuana busts .
What 's been the reason for the increased busts ? Both the sheriff 's department and the county agree it 's the citizens who have been keeping an eye out for suspicious activity .
They are n't all busts…
PCSO has also followed up on tips and it turned out people were within the law with no more plants than the legal limit .
It should also be noted the sheriff 's office told PULP the department has also followed up on tips and it turned out people were within the law , with no more plants than the legal limit . Perez said tips have been coming in so many forms it 's difficult to track . While some have been phone calls , others have been after events the sheriff attended .
PULP asked the sheriff 's department for more information the number of tips that ended up being legal home cultivation . Perez said it 's hard to distinquish the tips that ended up being legal .
Sorry , not done with pot yet
Remember that marijuana scholarship ?
Only three students have applied for the first-ever scholarship funded by legal marijuana . The deadline is Friday and students must be planning to attend PCC or CSU-Pueblo for college . The county planned on awarding 25 $ 1,000 scholarships through the Pueblo Hispanic Education Foundation .
Last minute applicants , you can do this ! Find the paperwork here .
# Sorrynotsorry
Black Hills denied blank check
Another day , another battle with Black Hills . Score one for Pueblo County .
The Public Utilities Commission voted 3–0 Wednesday to deny an application that Pueblo County commissioners said looked a lot like a jump in utility rate prices .
“ Black Hills is asking the PUC to allow them to write themselves a blank check , which scares the hell out of me , ” County Commissioner Sal Pace said it a statement prior to the commission meeting .
The application asked the PUC if Black Hills could purchase natural gas reserves , which they planned to drill themselves . The county said the application was mysteriously vague , probably because they wanted to sell it back to Pueblo customers and make a profit .
PULP May Issue
The paper is on its way to a newsstand near you .
DIGG THIS
We are slowly getting more information about the FBI 's lack of a case against Bruce Ivins . When we first learned of their suicide , we were told that they were the anthrax killer . Period . Then we got a statement that there was some technology developed by the FBI for the purpose of this case . Is this why nearly 7 years passed before an arrest was made ?
The full briefing was still skimpy on the details , and not very convincing . But what we were told is that the anthrax was traced to a single flask that was in Bruce Ivins ' possession at Ft. Detrick . Then , Science Magazine reported on a `` close reading '' of the four relevant paragraphs in the 25-page written brief . We now had a better idea of what exactly this new technology was , although the FBI refused press access to its staff scientists .
The surviving anthrax victims were recently briefed with four hours of `` circumstantial , '' but `` compelling , '' evidence . Now the FBI scientists have given a briefing of their own , and they have given more details about the scientific evidence . We still have n't heard anything convincing about Ivins ' guilt , but the case is closed . So I guess that 's it .
( As an aside , we learn in this scientific briefing that the mailed anthrax was not processed with silicon , as originally reported by the FBI . )
Two things strike me about this forensic evidence . Rather than make you read this whole column , I 'll skip to the good part — these two things combine to make it clear that the `` single flask '' evidence was an exaggeration , to put it kindly .
First , some background on the new technology . The Ames strain of anthrax is a naturally-occurring strain of Anthrax that is being used in US biodefense research . In order to identify a source of the mailed anthrax and differentiate it from Ames strain anthrax that is found in the wild or at any of the many labs that also conduct research on Ames strain anthrax , sophisticated forensic techniques were needed .
Very similar techniques have been used for things such as The Human Genome Project . Indeed , the contractor used for the forensics is The Institute for Genomic Research — a leader in the field of genome sequencing . Ultimately , as Science Magazine pointed out , the main innovation was combining the technologies to solve a crime . Science Magazine also raised some technical questions about the data since they only had four paragraphs of explanation to work with . I wo n't re-iterate those questions here , and focus instead on the question of whether the data , as they are reported , actually point to a single , unique flask .
The scientists compared the mailed anthrax to samples of anthrax that are used in research , specifically , those identified as being the Ames strain . Each sample of anthrax could be classified as biologically identical or biologically non-identical to the mailed anthrax based on a sort of DNA fingerprint . This is because the anthrax bacterium replicates asexually : a single cell duplicates its DNA and splits into two new cells which have identical DNA sequences to each other . Thus , they are biologically identical .
We found out in the original written brief that the scientists tested more than 1000 samples from labs around the world . This is presumably an exhaustive sampling of all known samples of Ames strain anthrax .
Problem # 1 : They could necessarily only test samples of Ames strain anthrax that they already knew existed . What if there are samples of Ames strain anthrax that the scientists did not test because they did not know they existed ? Aside from Saddam 's non-existent WMD anthrax research , I could easily imagine any number of other governments ( including our own ) with highly secretive bioweapons programs hiding this information from the FBI 's anthrax investigators .
All the FBI can say is that the flask in Ivins ' possession is one possible source . They ca n't prove that it is the only source .
Problem # 2 : To allay these concerns , the FBI can claim that it is likely that it is the source since , out of 1000 samples tested , all of the ones that matched could be traced to Ivins ' flask .
What ? ! More than one sample matched ? ! Yes — a total of 8 samples matched . `` B-but , b-but , they could all be traced to Ivins , '' stutters the FBI . We already know that Ivins was not the only person with access to `` his '' flask . But now we learn that , in addition to the 100 other people who had access to Ivins ' flask , there are at least 7 other people ( and probably many , many more ) who had access to anthrax that is biologically identical to the mailed anthrax . These 7 other samples were not located at AMRIID .
So , although we were initially told by the FBI–parroting media that sophisticated scientific techniques could uniquely identify Ivins ' flask as the smoking gun , we learn that even this flimsy piece of evidence is n't true : there are 8 known smoking guns and a theoretically infinite number of unknown smoking guns .
August 21 , 2008
The Best of Kathryn Muratore
After nearly two years of nonstop live demolition , West Coast gore-torn death metal goliaths EXHUMED recently entered the studio to record to the follow-up to 2011 's `` All Guts , No Glory '' . The band is currently tracking drums at Trench Studio in Corona , California with John Haddad ( HIRAX , ABYSMAL DAWN , INTRONAUT ) . Everything else will be laid down at Arcane Digital Recording in Chandler , Arizona with Ryan Butler ( MISERY INDEX , LANDMINE MARATHON , PHOBIA ) . The as-yet-untitled longplayer is expected to offer up ten tracks of audio sickness , including `` Carrion Call '' , `` Sickened '' , `` The Rotting '' and `` Coins Upon The Eyes '' , and will be released via Relapse Records sometime next year .
Comments vocalist/guitarist Matt Harvey of the new material : `` We 're super psyched to be back in the studio working on a new record . The songs we 've worked up are a bit darker and more open this time around , but , of course , built on the same disgusting foundation we 've been repulsing people with for years . It 's a really natural progression from 'All Guts ... ' and it 's a lot of fun to work with the lineup that 's done all the touring . It feels a lot more like a 'real band ' situation this time around .
`` There will be periodic studio reports on our blog , if you want to stay abreast of all the excruciating details .
`` We ca n't wait to get this thing ready to assault your ears ! ''
EXHUMED 2012 features the smoldering lineup of Harvey alongside bassist Rob `` Body Bag '' Babcock , drummer Mike Hamilton and guitarist/vocalist Bud Burke , who played bass with the band from 1999 to 2004 and recently rejoined the legion for their live rituals on this year 's Summer Slaughter Tour .
In related news , EXHUMED previously announced live takeover of Japan with death metal legends CANNIBAL CORPSE will commence on October 15 in Tokyo and serve as a warm-up to the band 's five-week North American Tour with NAPALM DEATH and MUNICIPAL WASTE .
If you 're hoping Metallica will someday remixdo n't hold your breath .
Even though the 1988 album sounds terrible , with no bass tone , guitarist/vocalist James Hetfield said the band wo n't revisit any of their older stuff to tweak it - even if they wanted to .
`` These records are a product of a certain time in life – they 're snapshots of history and they 're part of our story , '' Hetfield told Red Bulletin . `` There are things I would like to change on some of the records – but it gives them so much character that you ca n't change them . ''
While many fans would love a remix of Justice with Jason Newsted 's bass louder in the mix , it 's unlikely .
Hetfield acknowledged that record did n't have the best production , but said it 's a part of the band 's days of yore .
`` OK , so … And Justice for All could use a little more low end and St. Anger could use a little less tin snare drum , but those things are what make those records part of our history , ” explained the 53-year-old riffmaster . `` I find it a little frustrating when bands re-record classic albums with pretty much the same songs and have it replace the original . It erases that piece of history . ''
A perfect example is how Motley Crue redid the track `` Shout At The Devil '' on their 1997 Generation Swine album , turning a great , classic track into a semi-industrial piece of garbage .
Part of what makes Metallica 's classic stuff so good is its inherent rawness , even St. Anger which was such a detour for the band .
A Remix of Justice from Youtube
Check out why James Hetfield was n't a fan of Metallica 's mid-90s look .
In a stunning move , the House Appropriations Committee today approved an amendment to the massive military spending bill offered by Rep. Barbara Lee ( D – CA ) . The amendment , passed in a voice vote , and would repeal the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force ( AUMF ) .
Rep. Lee has long been pushing amendments and bills trying to end America 's assorted wars . That one actually passed committee this time is nothing short of newsworthy , though the House Republican leadership was also quick to insist the vote does n't actually count .
The 2001 AUMF authorizes the president to wage war on those directly involved in 9/11 , the interpretation of which at this point is that the president can declare wars pretty much at will and this amounts to Congressional authorization for all of them . This AUMF was used to justify the Afghan War , the 2003 invasion of Iraq , the re-invasion of Iraq after that first war ended , and the invasion of Syria both to fight against ISIS , and potentially to pick a fight with the Syrian government . It was also presented as justification for the 2016 US intervention in Libya , though ironically not the US-led regime change war in Libya , which was itself “ justified ” by a vaguely worded UN resolution .
House Republicans are steaming about the Lee Amendment , insisting it cripples the legal basis for all of America 's many , many wars , not just at present but in the future . They 're going for a do-over on the amendment , insisting the vote was “ out of order ” and therefore did n't really count .
This argument is based on the House Foreign Affairs Committee arguing that they have “ sole jurisdiction ” over all AUMFs , and that it was therefore impossible for the Appropriations Committee to repeal it , like the vote did .
Rep. Lee 's Amendment was supported by several House Republicans on the Committee , who argued that the US wars are “ against an enemy that did not exist ” back in 2001 , and that it 's time to repeal the old AUMF and pass a new , modern version .
Repeal and replace for the AUMF has been a cause embraced by many , but mostly shunned by the leadership , which has concerns that a new AUMF that 's deliberately applicable to current wars might include explicit limits on the scope of those wars , infringing on the president 's newfound power from the old AUMF to launch wars worldwide and totally unilaterally .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
The Colorado Rockies are moving ahead with plans to transform a full city block parking lot adjacent to Coors Field .
The baseball club plans to turn the 3-acre west parking lot at 1901 Wazee St. into a mixed-use development featuring a hotel , restaurants and office and residential space , according to architecture firm Stantec .
The project 's highlights , according to Stantec , will be a Colorado Rockies Hall of Fame facility and a large central “ content plaza . ”
Stantec senior principal John Yonushewski said the plaza would be “ programmed seasonally , ” capable of hosting a skating rink during the winter and concert series during the summer .
They said sports teams nationwide “ see a missed opportunity ” in surface lots that often surround urban stadiums , and that the Rockies tasked Stantec with planning a family-friendly space that attracts visitors year-round .
“ It needs to activate the community , not just on game day , but every day , ” they said .
Renderings show the complex having about 11 stories , similar in height to Coors Field . Yonushewski said structural details still are being determined .
They estimated 50 percent of the building will be devoted to office and retail , and 25 percent to residential units . The final quarter is a hotel with the hall of fame on the lowest two floors .
The Rockies do n't currently have a hall of fame , although club spokesperson Jill Campbell said it displays memorabilia in cases along the stadium 's club level . Only Todd Helton has had their number retired .
The parking lot is owned by Metropolitan Baseball Stadium District , which represents taxpayers who helped fund the construction of Coors Field .
The stadium opened in 1995 .
Earlier this year , the Rockies reached a deal with the Stadium District to buy the land for 99 years for $ 125 million . The team also agreed to pay $ 75 million to lease Coors Field for another 30 years .
The Rockies organization , primarily owned by Charlie and Dick Monfort , is the developer .
Canada-based Stantec , which expanded its Colorado presence through the acquisition this year of Denver-based RNL Design , drew up plans for the project . Greeley-based Hensel Phelps has been selected as the general contractor .
Stantec said construction could begin by late summer 2018 .
Thousands of protesters took to the streets in Europe on Saturday to denounce the suspected twin suicide attacks that killed at least 95 people during a peace rally in Ankara .
In Paris , police estimate that around one thousand people , a majority of whom were Kurdish , came out on Saturday afternoon to the city 's Place de la Republique to condemn the attacks .
The demonstration was called for by the Kurdish Democratic Council in France , which said in a statement that it “ strongly condemns this cowardly and disgusting attack ” .
In Strasbourg in northeastern France , another set of 400 people demonstrated , and several hundred came out in solidarity in the southern city of Marseille , with some holding signs reading “ Murderer Erdoğan ” .
Organisers called for another demonstration to take place Sunday afternoon in Paris , to call for a “ stop to the dirty war and state terror in Turkey and Kurdistan ” .
Zurich saw one thousand people come out to the centre of the city in what police called a peaceful demonstration .
Some demonstrators in Zurich held signs reading “ Stop state terror in Turkey ” .
In Istanbul , an estimated 10,000 people marched down the city 's main central avenue to protest the attacks .
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told reporters there were “ very strong signs ” that the attacks were carried out by suicide bombers .
With the country shattered by the deadliest attack in the history of modern Turkey , Davutoglu declared three days of national mourning .
Also read : After blasts , bodies , desperation litter Ankara peace rally site
First Published : Oct 11 , 2015 08:15 IST
As part of their campaign for the Republican presidential nomination , Texas Governor Rick Perry wants to “ Uproot and Overhaul ” Washington , D.C. with specific reforms to each branch of government . The proposals include a “ fundamental reform of the judiciary ” through judicial term limits , a “ fundamental reform of the executive branch ” through the elimination of three federal agencies ( the Departments of Commerce , Education , and Energy ) , and a “ fundamental reform of the legislative branch. ” Here is Politico 's Mike Allen with details on the latter :
Fundamental Reform of the Legislative Branch : Citizen Congress , Accountability and Transparency … Work to establish a part-time , Citizen Congress … Cut congressional pay in half and repeal the rules that prevent members of Congress from holding real jobs in their home states and communities .
Perry is n't wrong to push for judicial term limits—lifetime appointments incentivize obstruction and ideological packing—and there is a plausible argument for dismantling some federal agencies ( the USDA , for example ) . Where Perry goes off the rails is with their call for a “ Citizen Congress. ” Combined with sharp congressional pay cuts ( and presumably , an elimination of most congressional staff ) , a part-time , non-professional Congress would be ripe for corruption and incompetence . It 's not hard to see why . Legislating is hard work , and the value of a professional legislature is that it allows lawmakers to develop the skills and expertise necessary to write good laws . Decent pay factors into this—when lawmakers are n't worried about paying the bills , they are less likely to respond to bribery , pay-for-play , and other forms of corruption .
Here 's what you would get by adopting Perry 's “ reforms. ” Already , congresspeople are buffeted with concerns from constituents and interest groups on a variety of policies , to say nothing of the pressure of fundraising and re-election . Absent the time to educate themselves or the staff necessary to collect information , something has to give , and more often than not , that something is independence . When lawmakers are pressed for time , resources , and cash , they 're far more likely to rely on lobbyists for information , and even written legislation . After all , of the people in or around government , lobbyists ( and assorted advocates ) have the most time and resources for changing the direction of policy . Professionalized legislatures are n't perfect , but they stand as something of a bulwark to the undue influence of interest groups . Take that away , and you 've turned Congress into an institution more porous than it already is .
This is n't a hypothetical . Back in 2002 , Karen Olsson described the culture of corruption among our largely unprofessionalized state legislatures for Mother Jones :
With more than 2,400 state lawmakers as members – roughly one third of the nation 's total – ALEC [ American Legislative Exchange Council ] is a year-round clearinghouse for business-friendly legislation . Its nine task forces , each composed of legislators and representatives from private industry , sit down together to draft model bills on issues ranging from agriculture to school vouchers , which are then introduced in state legislatures across the country .
It 's also worth noting that Texas has one of the most corrupt state legislatures in the country . Whether they realize it or not , this is the vision Rick Perry has outlined for the United States Congress .
Gas flows in the early universe may have kept clouds from collapsing too soon , enabling them to grow into massive black hole seeds .
Oodles of supermassive black holes exist in the universe . We see the glow of their superheated gas tutus all the way back to the first billion years of the cosmos , and the masses we infer from those glows are amazing : billions of times the mass of the Sun .
One of the big questions astronomers are currently grappling with is , how did the first giant black holes form ? I explored this question in depth in our January 2017 cover story , but to give you the short version : either they started small and beefed up really fast , or they started big .
The second pathway is called direct-collapse . In this scenario , an abnormally hefty cloud of gas is able to collapse into a black hole of roughly 10,000 solar masses ( perhaps temporarily shining as a supermassive protostar along the way ) . In order for this to happen , the cloud has to avoid fragmenting into smaller clumps as it collapses—which is what it would usually do . One way to evade fragmentation is for the gas to stay the same temperature as it contracts , a process called isothermal collapse .
The main way astronomers make this happen in their simulations is by having a lot of young stars near the cloud . Their ultraviolet radiation would break up any molecular hydrogen in the cloud , and because molecular hydrogen helps cool gas , the cloud wo n't chill so fast that it breaks up . However , the caveats that come with this scenario make some astronomers squeamish .
Following up on previous work , Shingo Hirano ( University of Texas , Austin , and University of Tokyo ) and colleagues took a different approach : they put the clouds in environments where gas is moving at supersonic speeds .
These whooshing flows would have existed in the early universe due to conditions in the first few hundred thousand years of cosmic history , before the universe cooled down enough for light and matter to separate . In that primordial plasma soup , dark matter started lumping up gravitationally , but the baryons and photons interacted with each other and resisted the pull . The resulting backlash created flows . When the universe later cooled down , the speed of sound dropped below the speed of these flows , making them supersonic by default .
Reporting in the September 29th Science , Hirano 's team found that the supersonic gas streams keep clouds from condensing as early as they normally would . Thus , the clouds are able to grow a whole lot bigger before gravity overcomes the motions and triggers the initial collapse to a protostar —and then , potentially , a black hole of tens of thousands of solar masses .
It 's still unclear how common fragmentation would be in these situations . Plus , the supersonic streams approach does n't create perfectly isothermal conditions . However , recent work by Muhammad Latif ( COMSATS Institute of Information Technology , Pakistan ) and Marta Volonteri ( Paris Institute of Astrophysics ) suggests that collapse does n't have to be exactly isothermal in order for massive objects to form . Thus , the new study adds another avenue — in addition to the ultraviolet scenario — that astronomers can investigate as a way to form the seeds of the universe 's supermassive black holes .
References :
Shingo Hirano et al . “ Supersonic gas streams enhance the formation of massive black holes in the early universe. ” Science . September 29 , 2017 .
# GenderJustice has come to a Washington state kindergarten . Because the boys tended to play with Legos while girls did n't , a so-called teacher has decided that this is oppressive and responded by… not only banning boys from playing with Legos , but lying to them about it !
“ In Karen Keller 's kindergarten classroom , boys ca n't play with Legos . “ They can have their pick of Tinkertoys and marble tracks , but the colorful bricks are ‘ girls only . ' ” “ ‘ I always tell the boys , “ You 're going to have a turn ” — and I 'm like , “ Yeah , when hell freezes over ” in my head , ' they said . ‘ I tell them , “ You 'll have a turn ' because I do n't want them to feel bad. ” ‘ ” “ Although their approach might anger some parents , Keller is sticking to their guns : It 's all part of a plan to get girls building during ‘ free choice , ' the 40 minutes of unstructured play time embedded at the end of every school day . ”
Why is this so-called teacher doing this ? Because boys tend to be better on average when it comes to spatial and math skills , and “ fairness ” requires the teacher to educationally kneecap little boys even more than they have been already :
“ Lego play , Keller found , has been widely attributed to accelerating development and helping children fine-tune spatial and math skills , two of the largest areas of cognitive disparity between men and women . ”
Of course , the girls just were n't interested in it like the boys were . That boys prefer some toys while girls prefer others , even in the face of a concerted effort to subvert biology .
“ At first , Keller tried enticing their girl students with pink and purple Legos . “ ‘ But it was n't enough , ' they said . The girls were n't interested and the boys just expanded their palettes . ”
Punishing boys is being declared a question of “ fairness ” :
“ In Keller 's mind , it 's a fair practice ‘ because fair is getting what you need to succeed or to get better . ' Fair does n't have to be the same , and they say their kindergarteners get that . ”
Funny how , “ fairness ” never extends to holding girls back in areas where they tend to dominate boys educationally , such as with reading . It only applies to punishing boys in areas where they excel while allowing girls to blow past areas where the girls excel . It is this type of mindset that has led to females dominating bachelor 's degrees in almost all field , and only being significantly behind in engineering .
Tweet
It is , perhaps , a peculiar fact involving an obscure medical text , but it is one that is now taking on outsized importance : The World Health Organization , in a compendium of conditions and diseases , lists being transgender under the umbrella of mental illness .
The WHO publishes a standardized coding system used around the globe to classify medical conditions , for research purposes and health-care billing . In the document , being transgender is currently included in a section with kleptomania ( the overwhelming impulse to steal ) , trichotillomania ( the compulsion to pull out one 's own hair ) , and pedophilia ( a preference for having sex with children ) .
Being transgender does not belong in that company , critics say , and they argue it is long past time for the world 's leading health body to drag the document — last revised in the 1980s — into the 21st century .
advertisement
This week , Danish lawmakers issued an ultimatum , telling the WHO that Denmark will move unilaterally if the global health agency does n't make the change over the next few months — although it 's unclear how they might do that .
“ I think it 's really time to push the WHO in the direction of changing now , ” Flemming Møller Mortensen , a Social Democrat member of Parliament and deputy chairperson of the health committee , told STAT in an interview .
“ Now we give them a little kick and we say : ‘ If you do not finish in the autumn of this year , we will go by ourselves by the first of January . '' '
The document at the center of the controversy is the International Classification of Diseases — the ICD for short .
Thousands of conditions and variations of conditions are divvied up into broad chapters — diseases of the digestive system , diseases of the eye , and the like .
The medical record of anyone suffering from a bout of diarrhea and vomiting caused by a norovirus infection — whether diagnosed on a Caribbean cruise or after a wedding in Sweden — is coded as A08.1 . The sting of a jellyfish is a T63.6 The sting of a scorpion is a T63.2 .
The current edition , ICD-10 , was revised in the 1980s , approved in 1990 , and was put into general use in 1994 .
In it , being transgender — the term “ gender incongruence ” is increasingly used — is listed in the chapter “ Mental and Behavioral Disorders . ”
Gregory Hartl , a spokesperson for the WHO , said the ICD-10 does n't really list being transgender as a mental health disease — even if it is located in that chapter .
“ The conditions in that block are not mental diseases , and gender incongruence is not classified as a mental disease — although that block is located inside the chapter ‘ Mental and Behavioural Disorders , ' ” Hartl wrote in an email .
An overhaul of the massive code catalog has been in the works for nearly a decade . But the task has taken much longer than anticipated . Originally set to be published in 2012 , the release of ICD-11 was pushed back to 2015 . Then 2017 . The current plan is to bring out the new document in 2018 .
The reclassification of being transgender is part of a larger overhaul of the ICD-10 . And that process has been hampered by a lack of resources — not to mention the enormous scope of the task — according to an external review committee .
“ There have been some delays due to the pioneering nature of the overall endeavour and the limited resources to achieve the visionary aims of many of its component goals , ” said a 2015 report by the panel .
Dr. Jack Drescher , a member of a volunteer working group revising the ICD 's section on sexual disorders and sexual health , said most of the group 's work has been conducted electronically . “ I do n't think they have a lot of funding for this process . ”
When ICD-11 is published , being transgender will be listed in a different part of the document , potentially under conditions related to sexual health , said Drescher , who is a New York psychiatrist and a professor of psychiatry at New York Medical College . “ So they 'll be diagnoses , but they wo n't be mental disorder diagnoses . ”
The medical community 's process of de-stigmatizing being transgender was also reflected in the last round of updates to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders in 2013 . The DSM , which is used by clinicians , replaced the diagnosis of “ gender identity disorder ” with “ gender dysphoria. ” The diagnostic class was also separated from sexual dysfunctions .
Newsletters Sign up for our Daily Recap newsletter Please enter a valid email address . Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Some critics argue that transsexualism should n't be considered a diagnosis at all — that to have an ICD code stigmatizes trans people by supporting the notion that it is an illness .
But Drescher said the thinking behind retaining the diagnosis was that in some health-care systems , things that do n't have ICD codes are n't covered by insurance .
“ The harm caused by loss of access to care would be greater than the harm caused by the stigma . I think loss of access to care would be a terrible thing for people who wish to access services in the future . And I think that would do more harm to more people , ” they said .
“ The diagnosis means that there 's something that people will do research on , using codes . National health systems can continue to pay for it . ”
While the delay in publishing the revised ICD is causing frustration and resentment in some quarters , Drescher said “ the politics of diagnosis is not something that comes up very often ” in the treatment of the transgender .
“ It 's important to many people , and I 'm not saying it 's not important . But for many patients , it 's of little importance , ” they said . “ All they would like is relief from their distress . ”
Welcome to my inaugural mix here on Brap.FM ! My 5th episode of Sunday Sessions puts together 2 hours of some of my current favorite deep & tech house tracks , including some fellow San Franciscan producers . Thanks for tuning in !
Tracklisting :
1 . Just Kiddin – “ Gliss ”
2 . Ultraista – “ Small Talk ” ( Four Tet Remix ) – Justin Martin Rework
3 . Holy Ghost ! – “ Okay ” ( a/jus/ted Remix )
4 . Russ Chimes – “ Back 2 You ” ( Hot Since 82 Remix )
5 . Juliet Sikora , Tube & Berger – “ Come On Now ( Set It Off ) ” ( Original Mix )
6 . Lane 8 – “ The One ” ( Original Mix )
7 . Dusky – “ 9T8 ” ( Original Mix )
8 . Disclosure – “ F For You ” ( Totally Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs Remix )
9 . Leftwing & Kody – “ I Know ” ( Original Mix )
10 . James Welsh – “ Sent ” ( Original Mix )
11 . Audiowhores ft. Stee Downes – “ Facts ” ( Noir 's Raw Club Cut )
12 . Duke Dumont ft. A * M * E – “ Need U ( 100 % ) ” ( Artful Bootleg Mix )
13 . Sam Smith – “ Money On My Mind ” ( MK Remix )
14 . Thomas Jack – “ Symphony ” ( Original Mix )
15 . Weiss – “ The Guitar Man ” ( Original Mix )
16 . Bnry – “ Move Up ”
17 . Bloc Party – “ Montreal ” ( EJECA Remix )
18 . South Soul Project – “ Relo ”
19 . Amine Edge & Dance – “ Bitches In The Project ” ( Monte & Adana Twins Blade Runner Tool )
20 . Dan Caster , Bjoern Stoerig – “ Nouvelle Future ” ( Oliver Schories Remix )
21 . Bluford Duck – “ Shoulder to Cry On ” ( Original Mix )
22 . HNNY – “ No ” ( Original Mix )
`` What particularly disturbs me is the way in which sections of the mainstream media and others in positions of power use the worst of what happens online to condemn all that happens online , '' writes Tim Dunlop in The Guardian . The word 'troll ' , argues Dunlop , is now used by members of the press as an excuse to reassert age-old elite privilege .
It has become a `` catch-all term to describe any behaviour that some journalists and editors deem inappropriate . Their responses to what they call 'trolling ' often seem less about combating abuse than reasserting their role as gatekeeper , to restore to themselves the right to decide who gets to speak in public and who does n't . ''
It 's an intriguing argument but a misleading one -- at least in an Indian context .
To begin with , Dunlop assumes a certain degree of online civility that does n't hold true over here . Anyone who has scanned the Times of India website or even Firstpost.com can attest that personal abuse constitutes a significant percentage of the comments , especially on political stories . Comment boards devolve quickly into a free-for-all where party supporters of all stripes hurl invective at each other and at the writer . As for Twitter , with the Congress party jumping into the fray , the Pappu/Feku mudslinging matches have become a daily feature . Decibels are always high and the language gets ugly in minutes . Most sane people quickly tune out and retreat , as the social media gladiators proceed to bloody each other into submission .
Trolling is becoming the defining feature of the online political debate in India . And it is n't doing anyone any good , neither the targets of the abuse nor those who hurl it in hope of getting heard . Here 's why .
Shut up and do n't listen
The aim of vituperative language is to intimidate the writer , to shame or scare him/her into not writing articles that the angry readers deem offensive . This 'just shut up ' strategy does n't silence journalists but soon makes them deaf . Most of us stop reading comment boards and start blocking twitter handles . And why not ? It is human nature to instinctively tune out negativity . It is bizarre to expect a person to respect and consider your views when you have no respect for theirs .
The barrage of abuse does n't work even when the intent is merely to hurt or humiliate . Even the ugliest of slurs lose their power through monotonous repetition -- and become a judgment on the character of the abusers than their victim . Calling someone a Congi whore or khaki chaddi-loving goon may feel empowering , but it soon becomes a measure of a troll 's ineffectiveness .
Worse , the sheer volume of invective serves to drown out the 10-15 percent that offer criticism deserving of attention and often a response . Few journalists are going to scroll through reams of maa-behn gaalis to find and read them .
Creating media victims
Some of the most prominent members of the media have complained bitterly about a toxic online environment , expressing hurt , resentment and often outrage at the kind of abuse they 've received from viewers and readers . Celebrity journalists are now beginning to see themselves as martyrs of virtual lynch mobs .
This sense of victimhood is to be expected but also misplaced . Dunlop is right in arguing that technology—for better or worse—has put an end to a vast `` the top-down media models of the past , where the audience was relegated to the role of passive consumer '' . Journalists are no longer ensconced in newsrooms and TV studios , buffered from their audience 's feedback . Anyone who ca n't handle the public scrutiny and yes , the inevitable abuse , should n't be in the media business today . This is n't to say that journalists have to welcome personal attacks , but we have to learn to deal with it . I prefer to block , others just ignore , still others bait their trolls .
But the bigger problem with the victim complex is that it discourages self-reflection -- which we the Indian media need to engage in more than ever . Many times , there is indeed a flaw in an argument or the way a subject was handled on a show . Other times , reporting in an article is so outrageously one-sided that it should be taken to task . The great good of the internet is that it allows the audience to hold editors , anchors and reporters instantly accountable . This sense of accountability , however , is undermined by trolling .
When besieged by abusive readers , journalists do n't feel penitent but victimised , and therefore more in the right than ever . Abuse offers reasonable justification to duck the `` democratic participation '' that Dunlop urges . Powerful members of the media may no longer be able to control who can speak , but they can still decide which voice is heard in the newsroom . If the aim is to exert pressure in the way an organisation or journalist reports a story or on a person , trolling is entirely ineffective .
The benefits of restraint
In the 1990s , the American right launched an immensely successful grassroots campaign targeting some of the biggest names in the media business , taking them to task for their 'liberal bias . ' Every offending article or TV show would inspire a flood of letters and emails meticulously pointing to the lack of 'balance ' , highlighting omitted points of view or competing research . No name-calling required . And that 's why it worked . Liberals watched in horror as media outlets bent over backwards to accommodate the most outrageous rightwing views in the name of 'objective ' reporting .
Calling someone names on Twitter or a comment board is easier but also entirely futile -- and in the long run , self-defeating . The vicious rape and bomb threats in the UK have led to calls for an end to internet anonymity . Many media sites in the US have moved to moderated boards where each comment has to be approved before publication -- much like those old-fashioned letters to the editor . Twitter has introduced a 'report abuse ' button as part of its new campaign to crack down on abuse .
The irony is that trolling—which is the extreme exercise of free speech—has now become a strong justification for restricting speech . And no one wins when we become less free . The moral of this lesson : speak softly , and everyone listens , including that # @ $ % & paid journo .
PS : In keeping with the spirit of this article , I would like to acknowledge Ganesh Athreyaa who vehemently disagreed with my piece on Subramanian Swamy -- as they made politely clear when contacting me on Twitter -- and has penned a thoughtful response here .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
Here 's a simple two-person reading my friend and I came up with that is similar to the collaborative writing exercises where each person writes one sentence and together it makes a story .
( Although conceived using The Forty Servants , there 's no reason this could n't work using any divination deck . You might want to do a Card Swapping Ritual first to link the two decks . )
First , decide what your query is and both shuffle your decks .
Whoever did not pick the question goes first laying down one card and beginning to interpret how it relates to the query .
Then the next person lays down a card and continues the reading as it relates to this new card ( set these in 2 separate piles so you do n't get your decks mixed up ) .
Keep alternating back and forth , taking turns laying down a new card and interpreting it to build off each other .
We experimented a few different ways and found it best to limit the number of cards drawn to 4 or 6 , otherwise you could just go through the entire deck and it gets a bit redundant and less meaningful the longer you go . The game does n't seem to end organically so it 's best to put an artificial cap on it .
Possible variations :
Do it fast , like word-association , where you just say the first thing that comes to your mind when you see the card , rather than give a detailed interpretation .
Interpret the cards your partner draws instead of your own .
When we tried this a couple interesting things lined up , like drawing the same card from each deck back-to-back . Little things like that felt like we were on the right track .
We 're excited to come up with more of these , one possibility we talked about but have not tried yet was a past , present , future spread where the first person would draw a card for past , and the next person would draw a card representing the outside forces acting on your past ( and so on ) .
The Supreme Court 's landmark decision that all states must issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples prompted a flood of responses on Friday morning , including from those eyeing the White House in 2016 .
Reaction from the presidential hopefuls poured in almost immediately after the decision was announced .
Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton tweeted just moments after the news broke that she 's proud to celebrate the `` historic victory . ''
Proud to celebrate a historic victory for marriage equality— & the courage & determination of LGBT Americans who made it possible . -H — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) June 26 , 2015
Them fellow Democrat Martin O'Malley said in a statement : `` Today , the Supreme Court affirmed that marriage is a human right - not a state right . I 'm grateful to the people of Maryland for leading the way on this important issue of human dignity and equality under the law . The American Dream is strongest when all are included . ”
And another Clinton rival for the Democratic nomination , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , wrote that `` this decision is a victory for same-sex couples across our country as well as all those seeking to live in a nation where every citizen is afforded equal rights . For far too long our justice system has marginalized the gay community and I am very glad the Court has finally caught up to the American people . ''
Republican 2016 candidates slammed the decision , with reactions ranging from dire warnings about the future of religious liberty to calls for mutual respect .
Former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush wrote that they believe that the court should have left the matter to the states but that Americans should also `` respect '' each other while also protecting religious freedom .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pete Williams : SCOTUS Ruling on Same-Sex Marriage ‘ Not a Big Surprise ' 2:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
`` In a country as diverse as ours , good people who have opposing views should be able to live side by side , '' they said . `` It is now crucial that as a country we protect religious freedom and the right of conscience and also not discriminate . ''
Republican presidential candidate Gov . Bobby Jindal of Louisiana , an outspoken opponent of same-sex marriage , said in a lengthy statement that the decision `` will pave the way for an all out assault against the religious freedom rights of Christians who disagree with this decision . ''
`` The Supreme Court decision today conveniently and not surprisingly follows public opinion polls , and tramples on states ' rights that were once protected by the 10th Amendment of the Constitution . Marriage between a man and a woman was established by God , and no earthly court can alter that , '' Jindal said .
Former Arkansas Gov . Mike Huckabee , another staunch social conservative , said the ruling will prove to be `` one of the court 's most disastrous opinions . ''
`` I will not acquiesce to an imperial court any more than our Founders acquiesced to an imperial British monarch , '' Huckabee said . `` We must resist and reject judicial tyranny , not retreat . ''
Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum tweeted :
Today , 5 unelected judges redefined the foundational unit of society . Now it is the people 's turn to speak # Marriage — Rick Santorum ( @ RickSantorum ) June 26 , 2015
They added in a statement : `` Now is the people 's opportunity respond because the future of the institution of marriage is too important to not have a public debate . The Court is one of three co-equal branches of government and , just as they have in cases from Dred Scott to Plessy , the Court has an imperfect track record . ''
Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker , who said they will make a 2016 announcement next month , said , `` As a result of this decision , the only alternative left for the American people is to support an amendment to the U.S. Constitution to reaffirm the ability of the states to continue to define marriage . ''
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham called themselves `` a proud defender of traditional marriage , '' but threw cold water on the prospects of a Constitutional Amendment .
`` Given the quickly changing tide of public opinion on this issue , I do not believe that an attempt to amend the U.S. Constitution could possibly gain the support of three-fourths of the states or a supermajority in the U.S. Congress , '' they said .
Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina said , `` This is only the latest example of an activist Court ignoring its constitutional duty to say what the law is and not what the law should be . ''
Former neurosurgeon Ben Carson took a slightly different tone than many of their GOP colleagues . `` While I strongly disagree with the Supreme Court 's decision , their ruling is now the law of the land , '' they said .
They added that they support same-sex civil unions , but `` to me , and millions like me , marriage is a religious service not a government form .
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said , `` This decision short-circuits the political process that has been underway on the state level for years . While I disagree with this decision , we live in a republic and must abide by the law . As we look ahead , it must be a priority of the next president to nominate judges and justices committed to applying the Constitution as written and originally understood . ''
Former Texas Gov . Rick Perry said they are disappointed with the ruling and pledged to `` appoint strict Constitutional conservatives who will apply the law as written . ''
New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie said , `` I agree with Justice - Chief Justice Roberts . As you know , that this is something that should be decided by the people and not by , I think they called them , five lawyers . I agree with that , I 've said that before as to our Supreme Court . That this is something that should n't be decided by a group of lawyers , but should be decided by the people . ''
Bottom line . ( Rick Wilking/AFP/Getty Images )
Not a great night for the Donald . Ninety minutes is not their friend . The one with the `` stamina '' and solid , reasoned , substantive answers was Hillary Clinton .
Campaign manager Kellyanne Conway described Donald Trump on TV shows this past weekend as `` the Babe Ruth '' of debates . What many forget is that in addition to their home run record , Babe Ruth struck out 1,330 times and led the American League in strikeouts five times . One could certainly argue very persuasively that there was no home run for Trump last night and several noticeable strikeouts . On the President Barack Obama birther issue , on treatment of women , on their six bankruptcies , on theirs leaving working people high and dry , Donald Trump more or less whiffed .
The assertion by Trump that beating Clinton in a debate `` would be one of the easy challenges of my life '' was boasting at its best , but reality at its worst .
In contrast , Clinton was prepared , poised and ready to be president . They were calm , collected and did not engage in side comments , interruptions or frustrated facial expressions , in contrast to Trump . On the likability meter they scored very well .
Editorial Cartoons on the 2016 Presidential Elections View All 596 Images
It will be interesting to see how the next two debates unfold . Already Trump is saying that they will be hitting Clinton harder . So how do both campaigns prepare for the debates on Oct. 9 and Oct. 19 ?
One of the concerns for the Clinton campaign in these final six weeks is the Trump message of fundamental change . Most campaigns , of course , are about change or fear of change . Even an open-seat race such as this one puts Clinton out as the candidate who is established and will continue the Democratic legacy of President Barack Obama . When you have a nation as frustrated with Washington and our politics as ours , it benefits a self-proclaimed outsider . Trump mentioned numerous times Clinton 's `` 30-year '' involvement in politics and government . They are by no means a new face , but they are a fresh face when it comes to government .
So the question for the Clinton team is how hard to hit the `` change to what '' theme . On the economy , driving home the Trumped-up , trickle-down tax proposals makes real sense . With studies pointing to a loss of 3.5 million jobs , a $ 10 trillion increase in the debt and more tax breaks to the top 1 percent , Clinton has a good case to make that this is the change we do n't need .
On foreign and defense policy , Trump 's call for change also gives the Clinton camp openings . Arming Japan and South Korea with nuclear weapons would be incredibly destabilizing . Pulling our support for NATO and cozying up to the Russians and President Vladimir Putin sends the opposite message that is needed . Clearly , building a wall , expelling immigrants and barring Muslims from the U.S. are precisely the kinds of policies that strengthen terrorists and harm America .
Failing to acknowledge that climate change exists and calling it a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese is contrary to the views of the vast majority of American voters . Trump 's version of change is becoming the oil and gas president – thanks , we 've tried that .
Clinton campaigners should draw the clear contrasts between pragmatic solutions that they offer on creating new , good-paying jobs ; college affordability ; early childhood education ; paid family leave ; and equal pay with the paucity of plans and ideas offered by Trump . How will a massive tax cut for the rich help those who are hurting ?
Bottom line : Trump change is chump change that would harm Americans and make the world less safe . Yes , it is about temperament and fitness to be president , but it is also about ideas that are wrongheaded and harmful . We have a lot to fear with the changes Trump is proposing .
`` Operation Chaos , '' Rush Limbaugh 's campaign urging Republicans to vote for Hillary Clinton in Democratic primaries , has been very effective . It doubled Republican turnout in Ohio and Texas , boosting Clinton and prolonging the Democratic race . But in Ohio , it was also almost certainly illegal .
Ohio law requires that citizens genuinely support a political party in order to vote in its primary . To change parties for a primary , a citizen must pledge , under the penalty of election falsification , that they are affiliated with the party and `` supports '' its principles . Lying on the pledge is a felony , punishable by up to a year in jail and a $ 2,500 fine . The law also stipulates that poll workers have a `` duty '' to challenge voters who are `` not a member of the political party whose ballot the person desires to vote . ''
In Cuyahoga , Ohio 's largest county , 16,000 Republicans switched parties for the primary last month . Several did so in bad faith , without truly changing parties , according to newspaper interviews and Internet postings . The Cuyahoga Board of Elections recently voted to investigate the matter ; a report is expected on March 31 . Despite the massive crossover voting , however , prosecutions are considered unlikely . A spokesperson for Ohio 's Attorney General told Alternet that it is `` very hard to prosecute '' crossover voting cases , since the crime depends on proving a voter 's motive on Election Day .
Limbaugh 's motives , however , have been perfectly clear from the start . `` I 'm asking people to cross over , and if they can stomach it and I know it 's a difficult thing to do , vote for Clinton , '' Limbaugh said before the Ohio primary . The goal , they explained , was to ensure Barack Obama was `` bloodied up politically '' and to extend the Democratic primary `` soap opera . ''
Since the Ohio investigation began , Limbaugh has revved up their special brand of self-promotional damage control . They ran several segments defending `` Operation Chaos '' with the disingenuous argument that politicians also ask for crossover voters . Of course , intent makes all the difference : Reagan Democrats actually supported Reagan . Limbaugh 's campaign is under legal scrutiny because they asked people to crossover in bad faith -- to tamper with elections . But for $ 19.95 , Limbaugh is still hawking shirts and caps emblazoned with `` Operation Chaos , '' so listeners can join the program 's `` street team . '' Wear one of those shirts to the polls , though , and you just might provide enough evidence of the motive needed for prosecution . The shirts list `` mission objectives '' like `` enjoy liberals tearing each other apart , '' `` prolong '' the Democratic primary , `` drain the DNC of campaign cash , '' and `` win in November . ''
This morning , Motorola pushed an update to the Moto X camera through Google Play . Yes , through Google Play , not as an OTA update . As has been well documented , the Moto X camera at launch was one of the phone 's weak points , however , a recent OTA update to all variants dramatically improved its performance . Since then , it appears as if Motorola has made the camera available for updates more regularly without carrier interference . To continually update the app , Motorola is pushing updates through Google Play going forward .
If you own a Moto X , you should find an update awaiting you .
Here is what 's new :
Brightened camera viewfinder so it 's easier to see
Enabled Quick Capture for more Enterprise users IT policies
Bug fixes
Play Link
We have n't had a chance to test the camera after the update since it just went live , but we 're excited to see Motorola taking updates this serious . Google took this route with a number of Google apps over the last year , a move that gives them more control over updates and features . We like it .
Cheers Rick and Patrick !
My love for Robin Hobb 's novels is pretty all-encompassing . She 's my favourite writer and has been from the first time I read one of their books . Them worlds are immersive , their characters more real to me than any others , and their prose beautiful and effortless . In fact , I love them so much that I 'm not even capable of being flippant in this review , not even a little bit ( I know , right ? ) . So watch out , unabridged sincerity ahead !
Housekeeping stuff first : I 'm talking about Fool 's Quest , but much of what I have to say is about the broader story as much as this particular book . While the first & second trilogies ( Assassins and Liveships ) and the later quartet could be read as independent pieces * , this series ca n't – do n't even think about picking it up unless you 've read the first 6 Fitz/Fool books first , and preferably all 13 prior books in that world . However , I 'm not spoiling anything and I hope if you 're reading this and you have n't read any of Hobb 's books , this will encourage you to go and fix that right now .
So . First up , the Feelz .
God , this book . As we near the end of 20 years of storytelling in this world , each layer on the Farseer story becomes more finely tuned , more exquisitely complete in its exploration of the lives of the characters . My heart hurts just thinking about the end next year . After so many stories , so many intertwined characters and plotlines and long term plans that we have glimpsed , fragmented , over the last 14 books , Hobb manages to bring them together so masterfully that you can not doubt they ( or possibly more accurately , at least in part their subconscious ) has been perfectly controlling every thread the entire time . They throw the contents of a kaleidoscope into the air but when it lands the thousands of little chips form a seamless , effortless , inevitable picture . I do n't know how this story will finally resolve next year : what I do know is that it will be a viscerally satisfying conclusion of a journey I have travelled for two decades . That , and I 'm probably going to cry some more .
Now to the more technical stuff .
As always , their writing is so smooth and rhythmic , an invisible first class carriage of the story ( albeit with an occasional polite throat-clearing drawing attention to a sentence or analogy too perfect not to make me smile ) . But this has never been about their prose , beautiful though it is : that is just the vehicle by which they take us through an utterly immersive world and a story that , while fantastic in nature , is ( like all the best of the genre ) really about humanity .
It occurred to me , first when I picked up Fool 's Quest and again throughout the reading process , that the prevailing emotion I associate with these books now is fear . Hobb does n't write thrillers or horrors . But they are a master of fear : not shock , not terror , but a deep , subtle , invasive dread , the kind that only comes from deep investment in characters and an unshakeable awareness that the author will follow through the full and sometimes terrible consequences of every choice and mistake they make . They have trained their readers in fear and consequences and the desperate lure of the possibility of perfect emotional satisfaction .
I will pick a corner against any challengers to my claim that no writer in the fantasy genre properly and emphatically explores consequences like Hobb . There are many ways in which they demonstrate mastery of this , but the two that stand out are their treatment of violence and their regard for the relationships that bind us in myriad small and significant ways .
On the first point , without spoiling anything , the Fitz & Fool stories deal with violence , including torture , and its aftermath , both physical and emotional . The torture occurs both on page and off , but never gratuitously , never without purpose – characters neither use violence nor suffer it to move conveniently through plot points , and they are never free of those decisions or those events . Characters who were tortured scores of years before in book terms are still feeling the effects , and always will . While I have a reasonably high tolerance for violence in storytelling , I find it infuriating to see it used in otherwise solid novels as though it is a fleeting , momentary thing , easily forgotten . In Hobb 's worlds there are no heroes casually torturing villains to get key information , then walking away untouched by the incident . There are no victims of serious violence who bounce back after that event has served its story purpose , never to be gripped by terrors and memories and reactions to others that they can never learn to control . The things we do and those that are done to us have consequences , and Hobb never lets them characters – or us – forget it .
On the latter point , perhaps it is because I come from a large and close family , or because I live in the ( smallish ) city in which I was born and grew up , that this resonates so strongly with me . The entanglements of long relationships are as much a part of life to me as breathing . So it always with a degree of frustration that I observe the majority of characters in fiction – not just SFF – blithely roaming throughout their lives and often the entire world with only the bare minimum of connections with other people : a love interest , a couple of friends or colleagues , an antagonist , and maybe a sibling or a child ( though usually a dead one , to go with the dead or invisible parents , especially mothers ) .
Oh , do n't get me wrong , I appreciate that things are popular devices for a reason , and that reason is convenience . If you 're writing a workplace based a bit of fiction , it muddies the waters if you allow your protagonist relationships outside that space . If your story is an epic , would n't it be a lot easier for your hero if you maybe killed off their entire family or even their whole hometown , so they 're free to go off revenging or exploring or questing or whatever without having all those pesky relationships to deal with ? Although Fitz is ( effectively ) an orphan , and one who at least some of the time actively believes they seek solitude and freedom from these exact entanglements , it is a tribute to Hobb 's understanding of humanity and the common themes of society that they fail at this so regularly and spectacularly at this . I mean , the poor bastard ca n't even escape the repercussions of grandchildren of people they let down 30 years before coming in to have a dig , let alone the full gamut of ( often… mostly ) well meaning interferences and expectations of their family . Nor does Hobb fail to explore the different kinds of feelings and interactions they have with a range of characters , and the differences in how they have interacted in their different roles – child , assassin , tool , warrior , strategist , husband , father , friend…It gives their character and the world a level of realism about the core of what makes us human . Looking for realism in fantasy ? You 'll find it in extensive connections of all kinds , and not in convenience .
And all of these consequences – consequences from actions , inactions , interactions – are what create the fear . Reading these books is an exercise in increasing tension . Imagine someone is very carefully binding you up – starting with something small – dental floss around your little toe , round and round , then your other toes , one at a time , and it 's uncomfortable but it 's not painful , just THERE , then it 's your other foot , the whole feet , and your ankles , and it 's getting tighter . Now it 's unnerving , and the tension is constricting you . It 's up to your calves and the anticipation is making it worse ; you know it 's going to continue , and you can see where it 's going . But you 're being carried along with the careful rhythm and symmetry of the binding : circling , circling , tightening . Sometimes the thread is harsher – fishing line , steel wool – and it cuts in , and you 're afraid all the time as it keeps winding round and round . Sometimes the thread will go the other way , and it 's suddenly a silken wrap , looping your waist gently , giving you a moment of respite . But even while you 're enjoying those moments the dread does n't abate , and sure enough , it 's a short respite . By the end of the book you 're head to toe , constricted , dragged inevitably to a conclusion .
The tension is built in various ways . Often , it 's crafted from the contrast between your awareness and Fitz 's – warning signs you catch that they miss , advice you want to scream at them to heed , decisions characters make that you know they will make ( because you KNOW these characters , I mean , you really know them like they 're facets of yourself , by now ) and you know will be wrong . Sometimes it 's from direct portents gifted to us in the text ( a story referenced within the story , or insight from the extracts at the beginning of each chapter ) . Sometimes it 's just from experience of Fitz 's world that makes you distrust and question everything . The pervading dread is masterfully handled and balanced with lighter moments — smatterings of humour in banter between characters , glimpses of precision insight into a new animal 's character , * * or Fitz 's ongoing and bitter war with clothes in general and buttons specifically . Occasionally Hobb gives you a few moments of genuinely unexpected joyful payoff as old wrongs are put right .
Usually , the ending of each novel ends with the final tugging of either end , and all the binding falling away ( sometimes it leaves scars , some that can still trigger pain to touch more than a decade after you first read them ) . In these last two books , they have left us bound up with effective cliffhanger endings so that we get to carry the memory of all that tension around until the next book comes out . There is no space for relaxation or , god forbid , boredom , in these books . You have to pay attention so you do n't miss the many , many pieces she 's juggling and which ones fit together as they fall , but some part of you is always afraid to do so .
So when I hear Hobb 's work described as ‘ slow ' or even ‘ glacial ' * * * I just want to reach into the computer and give the other person a virtual shake and demand to know how they could get it so wrong ? To say that the pace of the books is slow is to imply that there is time wasted , words spent that do n't contribute to the story , scenes that take too long . It is n't true . Unlike this blog post , they 're exactly the pace they need to be . Nothing is there that does n't belong .
OK , I think I have probably ranted long and hard enough here . I could say more , and probably will when the series concludes next year . For reasons that should now be clear , I both long for and dread that time .
Well done , as always , Robin . You 're everything I strive for as a writer , and everything I adore as a reader .
* Though they should n't be , ideally – it 's a massive pay off reading them and enjoying the connections between the stories .
* * I consider it a non-zero possibility that Hobb is in fact Witted .
* * * I am more active online than I used to be , which has inevitably meant that I am more aware of other people 's opinions than I once was . This can be a good thing , sometimes . But it has also exposed me to the baffling world of People Who Do n't Like Things That Are Awesome . I know , right ? There are people out there who just flat out do n't like the things that I like which , I think you 'll agree , must objectively be the best things ! It 's crazy . Sometimes I can be the bigger person . Hey , so you did n't like Scrubs or Gilmore Girls or Buffy or the West Wing . We can…we can still be friends . I guess . [ One of my best mates , whom I shall call Nigel for the purposes of anonymity , * * * * has managed to remain one of my best mates for 15 odd years despite me being obsessed with various forms of pop culture the entire time and the Venn diagram of our tastes in these things encompassing only the tiny slice of TV that is Broadchurch and Rake . We had a 1:1 policy of movie exchanges in uni where I had to watch one independent Australian film about suicide for every time I made them watch something with sword fighting . Yet , still friends ! ] But sometimes those opinions are so baffling to me that it triggers a silent nerdrage in my head : such is the case with fantasy readers who do n't rate Robin Hobb .
* * * * Their name is Nigel . I 'm not that good at deception . Sorry , Nige .
Advertisements
TWO James Cook University students have been expelled from their residential college after poking fun at the college 's religious values in a music competition .
Despite their college winning their section of JCU 's annual inter-college concert competition three weeks ago , the students were given their marching orders by the principal of St Mark 's Residential College , who told them the performance had brought the on-campus residence into disrepute .
One student appeared alongside about 40 fellow students in a musical theatre sketch that involved dressing up as the Spice Girls and The Village People .
The other student appeared with a band performing a piece that had homosexual overtones .
The annual competition , involving performances from all of JCU 's on-campus residences , has five categories : dance , musical theatre , choir , instrumental and band .
Both students , who had lived at St Marks for at least three years , were shocked to learn after the competition that they were no longer welcome at the college .
Trent Jorgensen , 20 , was devastated when told they had to remove all their belongings from their dorm room .
`` I 'm homeless , in every aspect of the word , '' they said .
`` I 'm actually banned from the college grounds as well .
`` So not only have I been kicked off , but I 've not even been allowed to see any of my mates . ''
The other student , who does not want to be named , was informed of their expulsion while they were holidaying on the Gold Coast .
Both students are appealing against their expulsion .
St Marks principal Paula Anderson , in a statement yesterday , said the chairperson of the college council , the reverend Bishop of North Queensland , William Ray , was convening a three-person panel to consider the students ' appeal .
`` It is not appropriate for the college to comment in any way on the situation until their appeal is heard , '' they said .
JCU Student Association president Jesse Cook said the expulsion did not appear to be justified .
`` I do n't think students should be expelled from colleges for dressing up and just having a bit of fun , '' they said .
Muhammed Al-Ahmadi , left , a longtime resident of Hungary , helps Syrian asylum seeker Jiwan Khalil at the hospital with their newborn , Nivin , on Sept. 13 . ( Jodi Hilton /The Washington Post )
Muhammed al-Ahmadi , a Syrian who had lived in Hungary for decades , was handing out bread to migrants camped at this city 's train station when a man rushed over to deliver the good news .
“ She had the baby ? ! ” Ahmadi , 51 , responded . They had first met the new father a few days earlier , when the refu­gee arrived in Budapest after their journey from Syria with their pregnant wife . Now , Ahmadi walked with them to the hospital so that they could translate updates from doctors .
For years , living as a Muslim in Hungary meant existing somewhere between obscurity and derision . Muslims made up less than 1 percent of the population in this overwhelmingly Roman Catholic nation . But as thousands of refugees and migrants from the Middle East and Africa have streamed into the country , hostility toward Islam has flared .
[ Refugees face tear gas , water cannons as they cut new paths through Europe ]
In response , Hungarian Muslims have mobilized . Rarely have their acts of service felt so necessary to them .
1 of 69 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Migrants ' desperate quest to cross into Europe View Photos More than 332,000 people have reached the continent this year . Caption More than 332,000 people have reached the continent this year . Sept. 20 , 2015 Migrants desperately try to board a train heading for Zagreb from Tovarnik station in Tovarnik , Croatia . Croatia continues to send buses and trains north to its border with Hungary . Jeff J. Mitchell/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
“ Yesterday , I helped two people find their families , and today I 'm helping a new father with their baby . It has been such a blessing . Allahu akbar ! ” Ahmadi said , ­using the Arabic phrase for “ God is great ! ”
Few countries in Europe have been as blunt as Hungary in turning away the asylum seekers , many of them from war-ravaged Syria and Iraq . The Hungarian prime minister , Viktor Orban , declared this month that they would reject many of the newcomers because “ we do not want a large number of Muslims in our country. ” When migrants tried to push through a new razor-wire fence at the Hungary-Serbia border , officers beat them back with tear gas and water cannons .
Since the number of asylum seekers crossing Europe surged in recent weeks , many Muslims say they are facing widening animosity . “ Go back to your country ” has become a familiar phrase to Muslims shopping in stores . Billboards have sprung up along rural roads reading , “ If you come to Hungary , you have to respect our culture . ”
Such sentiments are emblematic of the nationalist rhetoric rising in many parts of Europe . In the Netherlands , for example , one leader recently warned of an “ Islamic invasion . ”
Many Hungarian Muslims have responded to the crisis by providing aid to asylum seekers . In recent weeks , they have donated pizza and Capri Sun fruit drinks , bars of chocolate and containers of hummus to hundreds camped out at Budapest 's Keleti rail station . They have given out blankets and tents and have translated instructions from the police on how to board trains to more welcoming countries , such as Germany and Norway .
“ The Hungarians are good people , but the politics have gotten bad , ” said Josef Elhindy , a brain surgeon from Jordan , as they helped deliver medical supplies to refugees at the Keleti station . “ We have to show them who we are . ”
[ 8 reasons Europe 's refu­gee crisis is happening now ]
A look at the numbers behind the stream of refugees flowing into Europe as political leaders struggle to ease the burden . ( Jason Aldag/The Washington Post )
‘ Worried about the future '
Some of the Hungarian travelers at the station watched the volunteers in awe , while others glared in disgust . One day last week , a young blond man looked at the sea of migrants and shouted , “ Get out of our country . I hope they kill you . ”
The ill will did not surprise Randa Rustom , a 22-year-old dental student from Sudan , who had lived in Sweden and Saudi Arabia before coming to Hungary for school . Of all the places they had lived , they said , Hungary was the hardest . The language was difficult to master . Them headscarf , or hijab , attracted mean looks and snide remarks .
Two years ago , they said , they were walking by the Hungarian parliament when someone spit in their face . They considered giving up the hijab but instead concluded that “ it 's my right , and it 's the agreement I made with God . ”
On Fridays , when they can make it , they pray at the Islamic Center — the largest of Budapest 's four mosques . A typical Friday brings together about 300 local Muslims in a nondescript building that has a small security camera on its side .
More people have come to the center since the crisis began , said Sultan Sulok , president of the Organization of Muslims in Hungary . But they are n't arriving at prayer time .
“ Mostly , [ non-Muslims ] come because they have questions , ” ­Sulok said . Some typical questions , they said , are : “ Why does your religion not respect women ? ” and “ Do you know any terrorists ? ”
On the first night of prayers at the Islamic Center , in 2011 , someone set fire to a parked car outside , Sulok said . Other vehicles were vandalized . That explains the security camera .
When Orban began using more incendiary rhetoric in recent months , Sulok sent a message to the prime minister reminding them that there are Hungarian citizens who are Muslim . Most came as students during the Cold War , fell in love with Hungarians and stayed . They learned the language , added paprika to their cuisine and raised their children here .
“ We are worried about the future , ” said Sulok , a native Hungarian who converted to Islam .
There are only an estimated 40,000 Muslims in this nation of 10 million people , and many Hungarians barely realize a Muslim community exists . Just steps from the mosque , Anna Csakuri said they did n't know much about the faith .
“ Only the cliches , ” said Csakuri , 19 , a student . “ I 'm not against them , but many people are against them , and if there are going to be more Muslims here , that would only add to the tension . A lot of people are concerned this will start World War III . ”
‘ Modern Muslims , like us '
For some Muslims , the greater concern is whether they will ever win respect in Hungary . On a recent night , at a cafe popular with Muslims near the city center , friends shared food , played backgammon and wondered about their futures .
The scent of sweet tobacco from hookah pipes and the sounds of Arabic filled the air . Darin Saud , a 35-year-old manager wearing a bracelet bearing the Syrian flag , shifted from table to table .
They warmed the coals on the hookah tray , creating an orange glow . Four college students studying abroad gathered around .
“ Do n't be ashamed , ” Milan Nana , a 22-year-old from South Africa , told one of their friends .
“ It was embarrassing , ” Fawad Momand , 22 , demurred .
Momand , who is from Afghanistan and studies in Denmark , said they had joined about two dozen students on a recent bus trip through Central Europe . They and another Muslim student were questioned at every border , while the other students were not . The two were n't let into Macedonia at all.They had no choice but to turn back to find an airport in Albania and return to Budapest . “ They treated me like I was a refugee , ” they said . “ People here say it 's just politics . But it ca n't just be politics . ”
Saud , the manager , moved to another table , where a group of friends talked about the difficulties of integration while they were finishing up bits of pita .
“ Things will change one day , but not for now , ” Diane Ali , 30 , an Egyptian Hungarian banker with a shock of red hair , told them friends .
“ They do n't know there are modern Muslims , like us , ” added Ihab Elsherbini , 39 , who is from Cairo and moved to Budapest nearly two years ago .
Ali acknowledged , though , that they had seen small examples of kindness . For example , they said their colleagues were courteous enough not to eat around them while they were fasting during the holy month of Ramadan .
“ People will try , ” Ali said .
Saud 's shift ended , and they thought about what they had heard . They had come to Hungary four years ago to be with their Syrian husband while they finished their doctorate . With the bloody turmoil increasing at home , they could n't go back .
“ I did n't want to become Hungarian at first , but when I had my daughter , then I had no choice , ” they said . “ And now I love my life here . ”
Still , they said , Syria is a part of them that will never disappear . After getting off work , they headed home to get ready for the next day . More migrants were expected at the Keleti station , and they wanted to help .
Grego Saling contributed to this report .
Read more
Refugees race into Hungary as border fence nears completion
Hungarian bishop says the pope is wrong about refugees
Hungary begins busing migrants to Austrian border
I am in the throws of finishing my Master 's Degree and I have been buried in homework dreaming of a delicious glass of wine and a chance to relax . I came home from yet another long day to my fabulous Arbitrary gift waiting to cheer me up .
My gifter gave me a very awesome packet of coasters with pictures of beverage signs and a rad wine glass . The wine glass has two sides . One side , has measurements for `` the pan '' and one side `` for the chef '' . It has a Julia Child quote `` I enjoy cooking with wine . Sometimes I even put it in the food . '' I did my very best Julia voice and laughed . It was a delightful way to end a rough week and enter a work-filled weekend .
I ca n't wait to drink from it and plan to do so as soon as I finish all that I have to do . SO , that means that around 11:00am on August 2nd , I 'll be taking a long relaxing sip !
My gifter is a fellow Washingtonian and topped off the gift with a Washington pin !
THANK YOU so much ! !
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders brought what they call their `` political revolution '' to the Boston area Monday .
The former 2016 presidential candidate rallied for progressive politicos running for local offices in Cambridge and Somerville .
Sanders came to Somerville as part of their effort to build a nationwide grassroot progressive movement and generate excitement for down-ballot races across the country .
`` We need a mass movement of people at the grassroots level who are going to stand up and fight back , '' Sanders , who is also a former mayor , said Monday . `` And that means getting involved , which is what you are doing and those candidates are doing at the local level . ''
Sanders threw their star power behind a group of local candidates for the board of aldermen , the school board and city council in Cambridge and Somerville who have been endorsed by OUR REVOLUTION . With chapters across the country , the group was formed by supporters of Sanders ' presidential campaign in hopes of backing progressives in races nationwide .
Sanders acknowledged these are dispiriting times for their supporters , while offering a reprise of their presidential campaign speech — including a condemnation of growing economic inequality , a push for single-payer health care and free public college for all .
`` These ideas exist already in country after country all over the world ! We got thousands of kids — American kids — going to Germany now . You know why ? Because they can get free college education in Germany , '' Sanders explained . `` Well , we thank you , Germany . But we should be doing it here in the United States of America . ''
With The International yet again raising the stakes when it comes to prize pools in large-scale esports tournaments , theScore esports wanted to compare the lifetime winnings of the top three players across each of the four biggest esports on www.esportsearnings.com .
According to the site , the four top esports in terms of prize money earned are : Dota 2 , League of Legends , CS : GO and StarCraft II .
Unsurprisingly , Team Liquid 's Kuro `` KuroKy '' Salehi Takhasomi is Dota 2 's highest earner thanks in no small part to their team 's win at TI7 . It also helps that he 's attended every single TI to date .
RELATED : Infographic : Puppey , Kuroky and DDC at The International ( 2011 - 2017 )
LoL and CS : GO both reflect the dominance of SK Telecom T1 and SK Gaming respectively , as the top three earners in each is comprised of players from each team 's heyday .
Though SK Gaming disappointed at Kraków , their Major wins in 2016 earned their team a cool $ 200,000 , not to mention their high finishes in a number of other tournaments .
But even though they participated in more tournaments than SKT — their three players averaging 52.7 tournament vs. the LoL players ' average of 28.3 — the Korean powerhouse still won more prize money thanks in part to Riot Games ' adoption of crowdfunding for international events .
Still though , both League players and CS : GO pros earn more prize money in fewer tournaments than the StarCraft II players . StarCraft II has $ 23,388,845.35 in prize money across 4431 tournaments . By contrast , LoL has $ 41,980,552.75 in prize money across 1891 tournaments , which is almost certainly a sign of the changing times .
Sasha Erfanian is a news editor for theScore esports . You can follow them on Twitter .
NBN : The First Node Arises
Posted by tsangk
Rate this post :
See new maps below based on recent node sightings
Well , what do you know ? The first node in NBN Co 's Fibre to the Node implementation trial has been installed in Umina Beach , near Woy Woy NSW . First spotted and photographed by Whirlpoolian dazed and confused ( in this case , I would say he 's wide awake ) .
The trial site that NBN Co has decided to test is part of the WOYY:68 Telstra Distribution Area . A distribution area is characterised as having a common Telstra pillar where copper from the exchange ( or a RIM ) gets aggregated near the area and then from there , the individual lines get fed to the end user premises .
Dimension-wise , this node looks very similar to a size of the FTTP Fibre Distribution Hub… the only exception being that the capacity of these nodes are expected to be much lower than what an FDH services ( around half in size ) . This means , more nodes than FDHs , even though it 's a similar size . And these beasts will also be powered a mains power .
Updated ( 6:40PM , 12th March 2014 ) : Dimensions are 1200mm x 900mm x 550mm . So , that 's actually around 3x in volume compared with an FDH cabinet . Thanks again to dazed !
These node installations , like in this case , will be installed adjacent to Telstra pillars . This pillar located in the corners of Priestman and Rabaul Avenues in Umina Beach .
It will be interesting to see how the network performs , especially for the areas towards the edge of the Distribution Area that is around 900m from the pillar . But from what I gather , this is simply an implementation trial… it 's not going to change the fact that the NBN is now going to be predominantly FTTN/dp/B and that the technology of fibre all the way to the home will yet again , be faded to the past ( until 5 years later when they realise they do need FTTP ) .
Photos courtesy of dazed and confused , Whirlpool . Maps produced by me .
Comparing FTTN vs FTTP
Possible 2WOY CSAM trial sites
Several nodes have now been installed for the following Telstra Distribution Areas in Umina Beach
Sorry , no match for the embedded content .
My rules of effectual interface
Roman Kamushken Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 27 , 2016
In this article I give examples of the basic principles or concepts that I 'm guided by while designing desktop interfaces . I 'm not planning to act as an innovator or a mentor , but I will happily share a set of settings that helps me in my work .
Accents and priorities .
Each time , designing an interface , I ask myself or a client the question : “ What information is important to the end user now ? How shall we distribute their attention in a particular case ? ” To do this , we are armed by color and its shades , font size , its intensity .
In a complex , properly using these tools , we “ leave a message ” to the user , lead them in the right way , concentrating their attention on the most important things .
A good example where the designer gave the user understanding that it is important to see the sender , then the subject and only then the content or the @ nick in the system :
A bad example , where the designer , “ claims ” that avatars are the most important , and the rest is left to the air :
Indents and their proportionality
Modern design is light , simple and “ full of air ” . It is filled with breath . And indents play not the minor role in these sensations . Significant indents help to simplify the presentation of the material . But they should be subject to some regularity and proportion .
I define N pixels as the base indent when I start a new project . Then I use 2N , 3N , and so on proportion to create visual balance , if somewhere a larger indent is required .
A good example where the designer more or less complies with the proportionality of the indents :
A bad example when the indents are almost based on the random numbers generator :
Button text is always primary to the icon .
Do n't forget that the text is the determining factor of what expectation or reaction will be pre-formed from the user at the sight of the button . And the icon image will secondary complement the meaning . The image of a bell with the inscription “ notifications ” gives us some idea of the purpose of this functional before we click it .
The same bell without the inscription in a different application will lead us to the alarm clock , although we will most likely expect the appearance of the screen with notifications . I offer to always give the inscription more “ weight ” than the icons . I do believe they are a big deceit . Many modern interfaces are quite able to do without them . It just would be too boring !
It is generally good :
Here some improvements can be made :
Either looks not bad :
And then there is something to improve :
Do n't try to be too clear
Not all interfaces should be intuitively clear . There are many complex systems that we studied ( ! ) to interact for some time . Now they may seem easy , but we do n't realize that we were researchers-pioneers for the first minutes , hours , or more . And as we continue to work within some initially complex system , apparently nothing interfered with our way of the first studies .
Most likely , the designer has done their job so well that we easily mastered the new environment . A vivid example from life : try for a moment to imagine that you do n't know the meaning of the mathematical equal sign . Admit , these two dashes , one above the other , do not seem intuitively clear . Just once in school the math teacher taught us this . I urge you not to try to be clearer than that is required at the minimum level .
In this example , the designer was overly clear with the close button :
In this example , the designer was overly clear with the possibility of adding :
Cursor movement takes strength
We should not oblige the user to drag to another part of the screen to get advanced functionality . If the user works with the list , the button creating a new item should be nearby . Or if we create a new popup by clicking the button on the bottom left , it is absurd to force a user to pull the cursor diagonally to the right top to close the window .
A good example where the designer offers to close popup in the same area , which caused it 's creation :
A bad example where the designer separates the functionality of the item adding to the list from the list itself :
The relationship of locations or a single plane .
This is another interface balancing tool . Similar to the grid if you want . For example , you use trekkyandy . Are its headers in the same plane on the X-axis ? Or the icons with the buttons . Is it possible to draw an imaginary Y-axis and discover that they are both neatly attached to it ? If the answers are affirmative , things are going well . This is because visually it is easier to perceive the table chart due to the structured data . And in the interface design we should arrange elements with some tabular logic .
A bad example with inconsistencies :
A good example with the harmony and conformity :
Color makes sense
Some trivial things are stored for the end . Red means alarm , green means that everything is fine . For centuries the best perception of text information is black on white . If you use many colors without argument , you create chaos . If you color the items meaningfully , you create order .
An example of chaos : ( Does 172 votes green mean positive condition ? if yes , then 280 visitors orange logically means negative ? Not at all ! The designer just divided the numbers by color ) :
Example of creating order and justification of colors ( I 've just added some graphic on top of someone else 's creativity ) :
A good example of non-abuse of colors :
The bottom line
I express my gratitude to the members of the dribbble community , for their informal agreement to submit their work for this review : ) I would like to remind you that the above mentioned principles are basic for me . I always keep them in mind when designing interfaces . Choose your side… Do you want to create interfaces for designers and work for likes , or do you strive to solve user 's problems ? By the way , in my opinion it 's a great example of how the closeness of the community allows you to maintain focus on the main purpose of interfaces !
TAMPA , Florida – More than twenty thousand people filled the MidFlorida Credit Union Amphitheater Monday night to rally for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . The rally was Trump 's second of the day as part of a five-city , three-day swing through the Sunshine State . Trump was introduced by former Florida State University head football coach Bobby Bowden .
Below are exclusive pictures and videos from Breitbart News reporters covering the event . The crowd of more than 20,000 made the event one of the largest campaign events of the 2016 election cycle .
What a full house for Trump in Tampa looks like ! pic.twitter.com/FNz4iKr0n0 — Dustin Stockton ( @ DustinStockton ) October 24 , 2016
Even Hillary Clinton made an appearance !
Hillary Clinton made an appearance at the @ realDonaldTrump rally tonight in Tampa , Fl . They are so fashionable @ HillaryClinton @ BreitbartNews pic.twitter.com/5dnrLIArp4 — Jennifer L Lawrence ( @ JenLawrence21 ) October 24 , 2016
Bowden told the crowd they needed to go vote and that November 8th is only the beginning .
Bobby Bowden at Trump rally . `` November 8th that 's the kickoff , you got ta be there '' — Dustin Stockton ( @ DustinStockton ) October 24 , 2016
The event was so highly attended that hundreds of people were n't able to make it in .
Stadium is full , Trump is speaking , and there is still a long line to get into Trump 's Tampa rally ! pic.twitter.com/qzkIwrElt2 — Dustin Stockton ( @ DustinStockton ) October 24 , 2016
Waited for 45 minutes and were among hundreds who did n't get into the Trump Tampa rally . Consolation prize interview w/ @ JenLawrence21 pic.twitter.com/C1RLwXKEpq — Dustin Stockton ( @ DustinStockton ) October 25 , 2016
A legal immigrant from Mozambique worried that Hillary Clinton would make America so corrupt that it would resemble the country they left .
Trump supporter and `` LEGAL immigrant '' from Mozambique tells @ BreitbartNews about Hillary `` I can smell corruption from a mile away '' in Tampa pic.twitter.com/8a40i2FRhO — Dustin Stockton ( @ DustinStockton ) October 25 , 2016
Even a Breitbart border wall construction shirt was spotted in the crowd !
Spotted @ BreitbartNews border wall shirt during interview with @ JenLawrence21 at Trump rally in Tampa ! pic.twitter.com/9pmrxcLlIk — Dustin Stockton ( @ DustinStockton ) October 25 , 2016
While the liberal media was regularly booed during the rally , there was a lot of love for Breitbart News .
Interview from tonight 's rally in Tampa with @ JenLawrence21 pic.twitter.com/MqM2lUadVj — Dustin Stockton ( @ DustinStockton ) October 25 , 2016
One veteran told Breitbart News that Hillary should be in prison .
Veteran at Trump Tampa rally thinks Hillary should be in jail . @ JenLawrence21 @ BreitbartNews pic.twitter.com/ldaR2GlaI1 — Dustin Stockton ( @ DustinStockton ) October 25 , 2016
Four young men were excited to tell Breitbart News ' Jen Lawrence why they were casting their first presidential ballot for Donald Trump .
Four young men at the Tampa Rally in Tampa tell @ JenLawrence21 they will cast their first presidential ballot for @ realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/YQ0iLLSf9O — Dustin Stockton ( @ DustinStockton ) October 25 , 2016
Trump will continue their swing through Florida on Tuesday with rallies in Sanford and Tallahassee .
Read Story Transcript
When Lam Wing-kee was released from their secret , eight-month detention by Chinese authorities in 2015 , they were supposed to keep quiet and turn over the names of the people who bought banned books from their Hong Kong bookstore .
Instead , they became an outspoken activist for freedom of expression in China and Hong Kong 's rights to self-determination .
`` I realized that I need to do something , '' Lam told As It Happens host Carol Off through a translator .
AS IT HAPPENS : Chinese police kidnapped bookseller : Hong Kong lawmaker
Lam is the founder of Causeway Bay Books , a Hong Kong bookshop that sold political titles banned by Beijing before it shuttered in 2015 after Lam and four of their colleagues suddenly disappeared .
The disappearance of the five booksellers — including a British and Swedish national — made headlines around the world and sent shockwaves across Hong Kong , which gained sovereignty from Britain in 1997 under the conditions that it would maintain independence from the Chinese government .
Under this agreement —known as `` one country , two systems '' — the people of Hong Kong have enjoyed far greater personal freedoms than their mainland neighbours . The Causeway Bay Books disappearances were seen by many as a threat to those freedoms .
`` The Chinese government wanted to put a chill on freedom of the expression in Hong Kong , sort of giving a warning that do n't publish books that are anti-Communist Party , that are anti-China and that show a bad light on the Chinese government , '' Lam said .
As It Happens host Carol Off poses with Hong Kong bookseller Lam Wing-kee at the CBC Radio studio in Toronto . ( Cheuk Kwan )
Lam received that warning loud and clear in October 2015 , when they went to Shenzhen to visit their girlfriend , where they were abducted by Chinese authorities , blindfolded and detained for eight months without trial .
`` I asked constantly , 'Why am I being detained ? ' And nobody could give me an answer , '' Lam said .
They said they were held in a 300 square foot room with two cameras and six guards watching them 24 hours a day .
`` The lights were never turned off , so even when I was sleeping they were still on , '' they said . `` And throughout my detention , every day someone would come and interrogate me . ''
They said they were forced to sign a document promising not to hire a lawyer or tell their family — who had filed a missing persons report for them — where he 'd been . They were also made to appear on Chinese television to read a `` confession '' that had been written for them by Chinese authorities .
Finally Lam was released and ordered return to Hong Kong to retrieve an electronic database of customers who had purchased banned books from their shop , they said .
Lam did not comply . Instead , two days after their release , they held an explosive news conference and told reporters everything that had happened to him .
Lam Wing-kee held an explosive a press conference in June 2016 , describing in detail their ordeal of being abducted and detained by Chinese authorities . ( Anthony Wallace/AFP/Getty Images )
`` When I came back out , I spent two nights watching the TV news and I realized that this is more than just the five booksellers that we are dealing with . This is destroying the one-country , two-system that the Chinese had promised to Hong Kong people , '' Lam said ,
`` And the fact that there had been 6,000 people up in the street protesting , I realized that I need to stand up and deal with the freedom of expression and the erosion of the Hong Kong system as we know it . ''
The Chinese government has maintained that Lam broke Chinese law by mailing banned books across the border into mainland China , and that Beijing is within its rights to deal with them as it sees fit .
Lam is the only of the five missing booksellers who have spoken publicly about their experiences . Four have since been released .
Gui Minhai , a Swedish national who was abducted while on vacation Thailand , remains in detention , and their daughter continues to speak out for their release .
Thinking about my father today as they spend their second birthday in detention . He 's turning 53 . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/freeguiminhai ? src=hash '' > # freeguiminhai < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/guiminhai ? src=hash '' > # guiminhai < /a > < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/svpol ? src=hash '' > # svpol < /a > — @ angelagui_
Lam , meanwhile , has been openly championing free speech and Hong Kong independence since their release , marching in the streets during the umbrella revolution and sometimes travelling the world to promote their cause .
`` I think that if any harm comes to me , China will be further condemned by the international community , and because this is such a high-profile case , I feel safe . I feel that China will not be as stupid as to harm me right now knowing that I have the world 's attention , '' they said .
`` Of course I 'm fearful . Of course I 'm being very careful . But that does n't stop me from doing what I have to do . ''
Lam Wing-kee took part in a protest on June 18 , 2016 , in Hong Kong , after being released by Chinese authorities . ( Anthony Kwan/Getty Images )
They recently announced they would reopen their bookstore in neighbouring Taiwan , and says they will continue to promote literature that 's critical of the Chinese government .
`` I want the people on the mainland to know what their country 's going to be and how it 's going to be and I want to help with that dissemination of information . ''
The Ultimate Pulled Pork Sandwich on
The Ultimate Pulled Pork Sandwich The Ultimate Pulled Pork Sandwich Ingredients 1 lbs . Chokecherry Liqueur Pulled Pork
2 ciabatta rolls
4 oz . Queso Oaxaca cheese For Spicy Coleslaw 1 lbs . package coleslaw mix
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 TBSP granulated sugar
1 TBSP Creole seasoning
2 TBSP cider vinegar
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp kosher salt
1 tsp freshly ground black pepper
1 TBSP hot sauce Instructions For the Spicy Coleslaw In a medium bowl mix all the coleslaw ingredients Whisk well and pour the dressing over the cabbage mixture Toss to combine Refrigerate for 30 minutes Sandwich Assembly Slice the rolls in half Layer with cheese , pulled pork , and coleslaw That 's it ... enjoy the best ! 5.0 AleMeals.com `` alt= '' '' / >
Let 's start with the Chokecherry Liqueur Pulled Pork , whip up some spicy coleslaw , and heap it on a ciabatta roll . That 's is why it is the Ultimate Pulled Pork Sandwich , straightforward like a punch to the mouth .
The Ultimate Pulled Pork Sandwich The Ultimate Pulled Pork Sandwich Ingredients 1 lbs . Chokecherry Liqueur Pulled Pork
2 ciabatta rolls
4 oz . Queso Oaxaca cheese For Spicy Coleslaw 1 lbs . package coleslaw mix
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1 TBSP granulated sugar
1 TBSP Creole seasoning
2 TBSP cider vinegar
1 tsp garlic powder
1 tsp kosher salt
1 tsp freshly ground black pepper
1 TBSP hot sauce Instructions For the Spicy Coleslaw In a medium bowl mix all the coleslaw ingredients Whisk well and pour the dressing over the cabbage mixture Toss to combine Refrigerate for 30 minutes Sandwich Assembly Slice the rolls in half Layer with cheese , pulled pork , and coleslaw That 's it ... enjoy the best ! 5.0 AleMeals.com
“ Spiritual successor ” is a fickle term . It denotes that a work is not part of an established canon , but can not exist without that established effort preceding it . Undertale is a spiritual successor of many games – Earthbound , Chrono Trigger , even drawing inspiration from more modern indies like Cave Story .
Yet Undertale manages to stand on its own despite those games , and create something that will feel inherently nostalgic , soothing , and sentimental , regardless of your prior experience . There 's a childlike innocence to this game , one that you only see when you strip away the dressings and standards of modern blueprints and let your imagination run wild .
Undertale is one of the most unique games I 've played in a long time , and is worth every iota of your attention .
Starting off with a chippy 8-bit tune and beautiful art , the exposition is quick and simple . Long ago , monsters and humans waged war . The humans won , and the monsters were banished to the Underground , with a barrier raised to prevent them ever breaching through to the surface again . One day , you ( the player character ) are walking up a mountain , one that no one has ever returned from . You trip , fall down a hole , and land smack-dab in the Underground .
It 's from here that you begin to learn the mechanics that define the themes of Undertale . As you traverse the Underground , searching for a way home , you 'll encounter many monsters . Some are friendly , others will attempt to kill you , but you have a choice with each encounter – you never have to kill anyone . Any and every encounter can be free of bloodshed , as long as you 're willing to turn the other cheek and sympathize with your attacker .
You can spare them and save their lives , or kill them to gain EXP and raise your LOVE level . It 's your choice , and developer Toby Fox has done a good job in making sure each encounter feels unique and different . Monsters have their own quirks and troubles to overcome , not to mention the bosses , whose “ passive ” strategies require careful and methodical play to beat .
Exploration is classic RPG fare , where you walk around in an overworld and talk to people , solving a variety of puzzles ( some of which are pretty great ) . Where Undertale subverts the standard is in the combat , an odd mix of turn-based combat and bullet-hell projectile dodging . Enemy attacks come at you in a box , where you must maneuver your SOUL ( represented by a small heart ) to dodge attacks .
Over time , color-coded attacks begin to change up fights ; blue attacks wo n't damage you if you keep your heart still , but orange attacks will only miss you if you move through them . Fights gradually introduce , expand on , and then subvert mechanics in a way that feels natural and rewarding . It rarely explicitly tells you certain things , like if certain attacks will change direction halfway through , or if eating a certain item in front of an enemy will lower their defenses temporarily , but it rewards you for thinking ( sometimes literally ) outside the box .
A lot of Undertale 's brilliance shines in the moments where it subverts and twists your expectations . This is where we run into the Reviewer 's Dilemma : spoiling the many ways that Undertale messes with you , from the first five minutes to the final , breathtaking , heart-wrenching moments that lead to its conclusion . I could tell you that you can date a skeleton , but it would n't be nearly as interesting without the context of whom that skeleton is . You could read on a Wiki or see on a YouTube video that certain characters are referenced throughout the story , that certain aesthetic choices and musical selections created a moment where I had to get up , walk away from the computer , and do anything that would alleviate some of the emotional weight I felt on my chest , but the impact is lost if you 're not the one clicking “ play . ”
It is n't a sleight at all , but rather a testament to the amount of character , charm , and emotion packed into this concise title . The average run time of your first playthrough Undertale will run about five to six hours , short by today 's titanic standards , yet I 've rarely seen pacing handled so well in a game . Undertale knows when to hit the gas and when to let off . Each segment is challenging without being frustrating , impactful moments are allowed their time to breathe , and tension is permitted to build , slowly twisting the knife rather than just giving a one-off plot twist as a “ gotcha ! ” moment . This is a game that can hit ridiculous highs , like turning a boss fight into a quiz show or musical , and still give you the time to reflect on a difficult choice you just made while walking through a long hallway .
The soundtrack to Undertale reinforces those earth-shattering moments , knowing just when to rise and fall , and the frequent use of melodies and themes subconsciously manipulates your heart throughout the whole experience . Each song is reminiscent of a time when melodies had to be simple yet discernible , and each piece finds a way to grow outside the realm of chiptunes without losing that simplicity . I was surprised that after beating the game , I found myself navigating to the Steam store to buy the soundtrack , something I rarely ever do .
Undertale manages to grow from simple fairy-tale to a sprawling odyssey , yet it manages to retain a personal manner the whole time . The cast is small yet memorable , the combat is inventive and clever , and there 's so much to delve into . Beyond your first playthrough , there are fans delving into all kinds of secrets , finding different endings and changes and entire pieces of lore that are only found in “ true ” routes . This is really an incredible RPG , not for reinventing the genre or massive production values , but by simply telling a story and telling it impeccably well . Undertale is a labor of love project , quietly released on Steam , asking only a handful of hours compared to the exhaustive breadth of content recent games have produced , yet it stands as one of the most fascinating experiences of the year .
100 Phenomenal Undertale Review Guidelines Undertale is one of the most unique efforts seen in indie gaming . Combining a love for the old with a willingness to innovate and utilize game mechanics to express ideas , rather than a binary input-output , this game should be on any and every one 's radar . —Eric Van Allen
I 'm a Texas native and graduate of Texas Tech University , freelancing in the gaming journalism industry . I love games , live music , Texas BBQ and sports . Favorite games are The Witcher 2 , anything from Bioware , the Kingdom Hearts series and Dota 2 .
Clinton plans meeting with minority lawmakers
Hillary Clinton will meet with lawmakers from Congress ' three minority caucuses next week .
The 2016 front-runner for the Democratic nomination will travel to Capitol Hill to hold a members-only meeting Tuesday with lawmakers in the Congressional Black Caucus , the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus . The meetings are expected to focus on policy issues , according to sources familiar with the agenda .
Story Continued Below
“ Members of the Congressional Black Caucus are invited to a policy meeting with Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The meeting will be an overview on pressing foreign and domestic policy issues impacting the African American Community , ” according to an email sent by the Clinton campaign .
A Clinton official said the meetings will focus on the “ foreign and domestic issues that impact the African American , Hispanic , and Asian American and Pacific Islander communities . ”
The minority vote will be critical for Clinton in 2016 , and Democrats will need strong minority support to prevail in key congressional races and during the general election . Meanwhile , the GOP is also actively courting minority voters .
The Tuesday meeting will be one of the first that Clinton has held with Democratic lawmakers since declaring their candidacy earlier this year . Earlier , top officials with the former secretary of state 's campaign traveled to D.C. shortly after they announced their presidential bid as a way to introduce Clinton 's campaign team to Democrats on the Hill .
SoPro Gaming is a social environment to play the latest games on the latest PC 's and consoles . We are excited to embrace the eSports community in Kansas City while building awareness of this emerging scene . In addition to providing a friendly atmosphere for passionate gamers to hang out and play games , SoPro will be an excellent source for knowledge in helping players develop their skills to become among the elite in the gaming scene . SoPro Gaming will offer tips and tricks on the latest games , practice sessions with semi-pro gamers , and an environment of competitive gaming where players will be able to show off their skills .
Our First Alienware Area-51
SoPro will have 20 Alienware PCs , 10 open stations for customers to bring in their own rigs & 5 console stations . SoPro will host tournaments , training , birthdays parties , new game release parties , LAN parties , watch parties , team building events and other game related forms of entertainment .
New HVAC Units being installed
Construction is currently underway . Our goal is to open in the next 30-45 days .
SoPro 's concept started with Lee Jarman many years ago . The project started moving toward reality when Mike Murphy and Toney Wallace began laying the groundwork with Lee about 12 months ago . 6 months ago , Chris Dillard joined the team .
We all love eSports and are striving to bring this rapid movement to the Midwest . SoPro Gaming is located just a few doors down from Micro Center in Overland Park , KS .
Our Kickstarter campaign is an opportunity to spread the word about SoPro . This is your opportunity to help us guide the future of competitive gaming in KC . Thank you for your support , and we look forward to seeing you soon .
Rewards
5x5.5 inch SoPro Sticker
Green and Black T-Shirts
Womens Short Sleeved
Messenger Bag Image Coming Soon .
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona is the best in the business - but it is Borussia Monchengladbach who are giving Pep Guardiola sleepless nights ahead of Manchester City 's Champions League campaign .
The Blues boss has admitted that the draw for the group stage has given them cause for concern after their team were placed with Barcelona , Borussia and Celtic .
City face Borussia at the Etihad Stadium in the opening group game , just three days after the Manchester derby .
The Blues did the double over Borussia in last season 's competition , winning 4-2 in Manchester and 2-1 in Germany – but both games could easily have gone the other way .
Guardiola , who came up against the opposition in their three seasons with Bayern Munich , told Radio Catalunya : “ I 'm worried about Monchengladbach .
“ I know them very well . The Champions League starts in the first round and not in the knockout stages . You can not make mistakes . If you relax in the first two games , you are out . ”
The fact that City also drew Barça , who knocked them out in the last 16 in 2014 and 2015 , makes it a big ask for Guardiola 's team , and they think Lionel Messi , Luis Suarez and Neymar make it the hardest test imaginable .
They said : “ We will play against the best . Nobody plays better than Barça .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ The three players up front make the difference but there is also a lot of work that goes at the back .
“ You can see in the way they play that work has been done at the back and is what Luis Enrique has done and will continue to do in the coming years .
“ They are the best and it 's a great test for us . We will see what level we will give . ”
Is Pep right to worry about Gladbach ? Have your say below
While Finn Balor , WWE NXT superstar , is getting ready for Kevin Owens on July 4 for the NXT championship , they took the time to sit down with the Inquisitr about WWE NXT being the third brand of WWE , their journey from Japan to Orlando and much more .
Inquisitr : Talk about your first day at the WWE Performance Center .
Finn Balor : “ It was an emotional day . My first day at the Performance Center was actually the day following my last match in Japan , so I flew straight from Tokyo to Orlando ( Fla. ) . Of course , I knew for a couple of months that I 'd be going there . It was so hectic , that I did n't have time to think about what I was going to do or who was going to be at the Performance Center . ”
“ I was still a bit emotional after leaving behind eight incredible years in Japan . I literally walked in the front door of the Performance Center and from day one I was greeted with open arms . The staff there was incredibly welcoming . ”
“ To go from a small wrestling dojo to the Performance Center was just mind-blowing . The sheer scale , I did n't anything like that could possibly exist . ”
Inquisitr : One big topic to this day is your NXT debut , can you describe that moment for me ?
Finn Balor : “ That moment was actually one of my most memorable moments of my career . I remember standing behind the curtain waiting to go out . You 're never quite sure how the people are going to react to you . Of course , wrestling 's a funny thing . ”
“ I stood behind the curtain as they flashed Prince Devitt on the screen , which gave me goosebumps . It was a really welcoming reaction . It was something I was n't expecting at all . As far as I was concerned , I was the new guy coming into a new territory . ”
“ For the fans to react the way they did when the name popped up on the screen . The name kind of literally faded as I walked onto the stage . It had Finn Balor there . It was the end of something , but it was the beginning of a whole-new journey . That was a really memorable moment .
Inquisitr : It 's been said before , but your entrance is arguably the most captivating in the WWE right now . The NXT crowd even does it with you . Where did you come up with that ?
Finn Balor : “ It was n't until later in my career that I really focused on the importance on making an entrance . I got to give credit to everyone that helped me with the entrance because it was n't just my ideas . We had a huge team in coming up with the entrance . ”
“ I had a lot of help from Road Dogg and a lot of help from Triple H. I spoke with the legendary Undertaker as well . If you 're going to learn about entrances from anyone , you might learn from the Undertaker . ”
“ It 's a whole team effort , and not just me coming up with it by myself . ”
Inquisitr : Pittsburgh , Cleveland and Columbus are coming up for NXT , I 'll be at the Pittsburgh show Thursday . Are you looking forward to anything in particular for those shows ?
Finn Balor : “ Obviously , just getting out on the road with NXT . We 're kind of a like a dog on a leash , we 're just chomping at the bit and trying to get out there . We 're trying to take NXT around the country and it 's always great to perform in front of crowd we have n't been to . ”
“ It 's our first time in Pittsburgh and returning to Columbus and Cleveland , they were both successes and it 'll be great returning to them . I think we 're all looking forward to Pittsburgh . ”
Inquisitr : Speaking of popularity , NXT is touring and doing a great job at that . Can NXT be described as the new third brand of WWE ?
Finn Balor : “ Without a doubt , as I think there was a lot of confusion at the beginning as to what NXT was . Not only from the fans , but ourselves . We were n't sure whether we were developmental or a brand . The recent success of taking NXT on the road and the NXT TV show on the WWE Network , it 's really established itself as a brand . ”
“ It 's partly due to the talent , partly due to the WWE Network , but it 's mostly down to the reactions of the fans . ”
Inquisitr : Where do you see NXT one year from now ?
Finn Balor : “ I was n't here in NXT a year ago , but I 'm sure if people tried to foresee the growth of NXT over the last year , I do n't think they would either . You know , that we would 've been in San Jose or Philadelphia , or even going to Cleveland , Columbus and Pittsburgh . ”
“ Maybe in a year I foresee NXT traveling internationally to Europe and maybe even Japan . ”
Inquisitr : On July 4 , you have a huge match coming up with Kevin Owens in Japan , where you arguably became famous . This has to mean a lot to you .
Finn Balor : “ It 's a huge match . Just even the significance on the building its in , the Sumo Arena . It 's the arena I had my last match in . It 's really only 14 months later and I 'm returning with WWE on the main roster to challenge Kevin Owens for the NXT championship . ”
“ Kevin Owens has been causing a stir around the wrestling world . That 's a huge match , not only for what 's at stake , but personally for me , returning to Japan , that 's a country that took me in and was a second home . Japan took me in as one of their own and treated me like one of their own . ”
Inquisitr : I 've heard many WWE superstars say that getting to the WWE is not easy . What advice do you have for aspiring wrestlers ?
Finn Balor : “ My advice , contrary to what you have said about it not being is easy ; for me it takes absolutely everything you have and everything that it takes to get there . ”
Inquisitr : Let 's get into your time in NXT already , do you have a favorite match thus far ?
Finn Balor : “ Me personally , my match with Neville at NXT Takeover was probably my favorite match so far , because Neville and I have a long history . We 've known each other for a long time . ”
Inquisitr : How special are the NXT Takeover specials ?
Finn Balor : “ They really are and before I actually came down , I really liked the momentum NXT was starting to gather . I was still in Japan when the first NXT special was on . The reaction it was getting all over the world and on the Internet and social media . ”
“ Just to be part of the team and to be able to be apart of the NXT specials is really something else . It 's not a big building , but just the energy that 's created in there on the nights of the special is something that feels like you ca n't quite figure out . But it 's almost like magic . ”
Inquisitr : Triple H has done a wonderful job with NXT . What have they done for you specifically in your growth as a WWE superstar ?
Finn Balor : “ For someone who is running the company , he 's really hands-on with everyone at NXT . He 's never an unreachable figurehead . He 's at TV tapings , the live specials , and even the events on the road . Despite the character they portray on TV , he 's really an approachable man . ”
“ He kind of sees things differently than anybody else . If you ever have a question or a problem , if you approach Triple H , they might say the most-obvious thing , but it was the last thing you were thinking . ”
“ As soon as they say it , you 're thinking , ‘ Oh my , why did n't I think of that ? ' He 's very smart and we 're very lucky to have them at our disposal in NXT . ”
Inquisitr : Talk about the NXT Women 's division and the four Horsewomen .
Finn Balor : “ It 's not just a catchphrase . The NXT women are changing the way women 's wrestling is viewed . It 's an inspiration to be able to watch . For the guys especially , when women 's ' wrestling is the main event of our shows , it 's incredible for them and incredible for us . ”
Inquisitr : If you could describe your time in NXT in one word , what would it be ?
Finn Balor : “ Growth . ”
Inquisitr : What is your dream match inside the WWE ?
Finn Balor : “ It would be versus Shawn Michaels at WrestleMania . ”
[ Images via whatwrestling.com , wrestlingsmash.com and sportingnews.com ]
Mark Kessler ( YouTube )
A former Pennsylvania police chief infamous for their profane video rants — punctuated by gunfire — against “ libtards ” has been arrested on harassment and terrorist threat charges .
Mark Kessler was charged last week on one misdemeanor count of harassment in connection with an Aug. 19 confrontation with a Frackville borough councilman at a supermarket checkout , reported the Standard Speaker .
Kessler accused the other man , William Creasy , of talking about their daughter , and they said the former Gilberton police chief shoved them in the chest and wagged a finger in their face , police said .
“ You better watch your back , I know where you live , ” Kessler allegedly told the man .
Creasy said the former officer also pestered them with slanderous emails , and they worried that Kessler might harm them or their family .
Prosecutors charged Kessler with misdemeanor counts of terroristic threats , harassment and disorderly conduct in connection with an Aug. 22 confrontation outside a drug store .
Shannon Heiber said Kessler pulled alongside them and began screaming obscenities after they passed their Hummer and pulled into the drug store parking lot .
“ What are you doing ? You 're lucky my kids are in here or you know what would happen , ” Kessler allegedly told the woman .
They said Kessler started to pull away at that point but stopped suddenly , backed up and showed them a firearm they had stashed under their seat .
Heiber said they were still afraid Kessler would harm them because they had acted so violent and angry while their children were riding in their vehicle .
Kessler was fired as police chief by city officials in Gilberton after their video rants went viral .
They later claimed they had produced the videos with a federal government agency to draw out sovereign citizens and other “ lone wolves ” willing to commit violent acts .
Kessler claims their videos efforts helped investigators interrupt an alleged plot to bomb a federal building by the Georgia-based XXX Minutemen .
“ Up on their brooms the Witches stream ,
Crooked and black in the crescent 's gleam ;
One foot high , and one foot low ,
Bearded , cloaked , and cowled , they go . ”
– Walter de la Mare
they metaphorical witch 's broomstick is forgotten in the back of an old closet , covered in cobwebs and shrouded in darkness . No one has touched it in so long that it has forgotten its purpose . Those who have not touched it have forgotten how to use it , have even forgotten why they would ever want to . You could break your neck after all , falling from a broomstick oh so high in the sabbat-black sky . Thus the broom is often grounded and most of today 's witches no longer fly . Let us open that forgotten closet door a crack and let a beam of light shine in . Let us illuminate a past much more interesting than our present .
If today 's witches no longer leave their bodies in the ecstasy of soul-flight then it is fair to say they also do not believe in the soul , in hosts of spirits , in old gods , in other worlds , or in magic . Without such beliefs and first-hand experience of them , witchcraft becomes a farce of empty rituals with empty words performed in crushed velvet robes . It all becomes a role-playing game no more real or impressive than a group of acne-faced teens rolling dice in their mother 's basement .
Witchcraft is not neoPagan goddess worship , it is not secular weather worship , it is not tree-hugging , and it is not New Age fuckery . Witchcraft is not safe . Witchcraft is not good and kind . Witchcraft is the domain of the trickster , the outcast , the wanderer , and the crooked . It belongs to those who know every light casts a shadow ; who have looked into the depths of darkness in their soul and accepted what they 've seen along with all that is good . Witchcraft requires cunning , manipulation , self-awareness , adaptable morals , and a dash of madness . Witchcraft is sharp pins pierced into a waxen image of an enemy , a lover 's hair plaited with one 's own , a Saturnine root harvested at midnight , blood spilled for hungry spirits , magical pacts made with daemons , a handful of dried henbane leaves burned and inhaled to talk to shades , an ancient incantation sung to become a wild hare , and witchcraft is sabbat wine imbibed while dancing wildly , intoxicated in the woods on Walpurgisnacht .
What is a witch without a host of familiar spirits ? What is a witch without knowledge and experience of the otherworld ? What is a witch who has never changed form ? What is a witch who can not reach ecstasy ? What is a witch who can not fly ? Some would say no witch at all .
If you want to be a witch , you first must die . Just like the child you were dies when you become an adult , your human self must die to become Witch . The initiated are half alive , half dead . We are souls stuck in between – not quite spirits and not quite human . We shapeshift between forms – now human , now animal , now spirit , now elemental force , now otherwordly being . We drift between past , present , and future knowing that time is a non-linear illusion and all is accessible . We travel between worlds knowing they are all one and we are present in all of them at all times . We are possessed by spirits and the ones who possess others with our spirits . We are the dream-walkers , shape-shifters , psychopomps , seers , mediums , mystics , visionaries , and miraculous healers . We see the unseen , hear the unheard , travel to unreachable places , and experience the impossible . We dwell in paradoxes within the suspension of disbelief . We dance on the dagger 's edge between life and death , waking and dreaming , magic and insanity . We are unnatural . Supernatural .
So few today achieve such a state with fear being the number two reason , coming after ignorance . We are afraid to fly because magic might be real . We are afraid to fly because it might not be . We are afraid to fly because we think the methods to achieve it are all dangerous . We are afraid to fly because we are afraid to die . Sleep is like death , a slight mimicry of death . Soul-flight is the little death . Your body lies as if dead , dead to this world , while your soul travels to frightening or wondrous places . Have you ever woken from vivid dreams exhausted , unrested ? Perhaps you were n't dreaming at all . I have heard the practice aptly named death walking and have been called death walker myself . I simply call it travelling . I leave my body , each time knowing that there is a chance I may not make it back – that my soul might get lost , stolen , trapped , eaten or collected by something or someone more powerful and dangerous than myself . I do it anyway . Sometimes of my own free will and other times I am taken places by spirits . It is always worth it and the more it is done , the easier it becomes , and the easier it is to remember your adventures and visions .
CROSS YOUR HEART AND HOPE TO DIE
“ I shall say sooth , I shall fly
By horse and hattock
Through the Sabbat-black sky . ”
– Giles Watson
Where does the soul go and what does it do when it leaves the body in ecstatic rites ? Sometimes it visits other witches — seeking individuals for knowledge or groups to celebrate in sabbatic revels of intoxicants and passions . Other times it takes up residence inside another person for a hag ride , or an animal , or a tree – for the experience or to spy or to travel by land , air , or water . Who does n't long for flight feathers or an eagle 's far-seeing eyes ? Perhaps your soul takes pleasure in riding the wind and the lightning instead or maybe it prefers to journey to the underworld to keep company with the dead and their secrets . Other witch 's souls keep company with stars , some of whom will whisper mysteries while others only respond with cold alien silence .
A seer 's soul will travel into the future and sometimes the past . A healer 's soul will travel inside the body of a patient to find the cause of an illness so it may be removed . A shape-shifter ‘ s soul will possess the physical forms of animals , insects , and plants or their soul will take their form in the otherworld . A dream-walker will travel into the dreams of others to deliver messages , send blessings or nightmares , or to lay a curse . A psychopomp will traverse the path between our world and the underworld , leading souls to the great below and bringing messages back to the living . There are even dark sorcerers who leave their bodies to steal souls , bring them back and bottle them up , bound into a fetiche to strengthen their own power with black magic . Presently such practices largely exist only in folk and fairy tales , unread by today 's witches .
How does one achieve soul-flight ? Some have to work at it for weeks , months , or years . Some do it as naturally as breathing , without aid , and simply ca n't help themselves . One witch beats a drum to mimic a fast heartbeat and falls into a waking trance . Another sings an incantation faster and faster to quicken the breath and flood the blood with oxygen . A group of witches rubs themselves with a flying ointment and dance and sing all night around a fire more and more intensely until reaching ecstasy . Yet another calls their spirits , whispers their intent , and falls asleep under a bear hide holding a rowan wand , leaving their body through the world of dreams .
Transvection chants :
“ Horse and hattock , horse and go , horse and pellatis , ho ho ! ”
“ Thout , tout a tout tout , throughout and about . ”
There are words and herbs and postures . There is music and dancing and singing . There is fasting and swaying and praying . Stand on one foot , close one eye , and raise one arm . Eat this mushroom , soak this herb in wine overnight , and infuse this fat with belladonna leaves and mandrake root . Sing these words , scream them , mean them . Beat this drum and shake this rattle until your wrists hurt , until you can not feel your hands . Dance around the fire until you sweat and sweat , until you forget you are human . Shroud yourself in complete darkness until there is nothing but the world of visions . All these things and more can lead to the little death and transport you to the otherworld 's door .
It all sounds rather romantic until someone loses an eye , or a soul , or their life . Some do n't make it back , some do n't make it back in one piece , but most will never go at all because they fear death above all else . And we should fear it – we should respect death and fear . We should not be fools stumbling in the dark . We should know the danger that lies ahead , the pain that will come , and walk into it knowingly always pure of intent and heart . We should know why we choose to die . Is dying worth gaining power ? No , it should n't be about striving for power . We die to serve . Once we die we do not belong to ourselves . Spirit workers are servants to greater spirits than themselves and will always be haunted and hunted . Every spirit serves another and we too are spirits . Erase any romantic notions from your head – this is not about you or being special – you are one of many . Your body is on loan , a temporary vessel . As long as you serve , the vessel is protected from harm and from physical death . If you make it about you or about power there is no guarantee you 'll be safe or come back .
Do you really want this ? Is it worth being able to see and hear spirits , to travel between the realms ? Why do you want it so badly ? Be honest with yourself and the spirits and maybe one day you will die and come back — joining this host of revenants called spirit workers .
STICK A NEEDLE IN YOUR EYE
“ Anything worthwhile is dangerous . ”
– Victor Anderson
An important question is not how one can fly , but how does one land ? How does the witch protect themself during soul-flight and how do they ensure a safe return ? Shamans of old would protect their abandoned body with blessed talismans and with a human or spirit guardian who would watch over their flesh until their soul returned from its journey . If there were signs of danger or they were gone for too long , a human guardian would try to rouse the shaman by burning special herbs such as yarrow flowers , by repeating an incantation , or by stimulating the body in the hope that it would cause the soul to return and the shaman to awake . Shamans and witches of old would also have familiar spirits who would travel with them in the otherworld and serve as various lookouts , protectors , and advisors . Disguise is another protection and one still documented in folk tales and myths : ashes rubbed on the face to mimic the dead 's appearance in the underworld , an animal 's hide worn to blend in among its kin , herbs rubbed on the body to mask the smell of humanity among soul-eaters .
Danger does n't just come from outside influences during soul-flight – a major challenge one may face is not wanting to return or forgetting to . If the witch decides they do not like the restriction of corporeal form they may knowingly or unknowingly cut ties with their flesh and lose the chance to return . The witch may get lost or trapped , finally returning to our realm to realize they are too late , a century has gone by and their body and all their loved ones have perished . The witch may lose themselves when shape-shifting and forget altogether that they are human and end up a wild hare in a fox 's mouth . When the soul does not return , the body can be left a vegetable , or worse , something else may take up residence inside it if it was not protected well enough .
Souls may be currency in the otherworld , to be stolen , collected , or eaten by more powerful spirits , but bodies are also much desired by noncorporeal spirits . Imagine a long-dead shade who yearns to taste the sweetness of wine and richness of food once more , who yearns to feel the softness of a woman 's breasts beneath their hands and all their other pleasures . Such a spirit may steal or kill to attain their desires . One must not be too trusting in the otherworld and not take spirits at face value or their word for nothing is as it seems . Trust your familiar spirits who have proven themselves time and time again and no others and they will do their best to keep you out of the lion 's maw .
Protect the room or space you will fly from , no , over-protect it . Weave a barrier with spirit traps , witch balls , witch bottles , mirrors , sigils , bindrunes , runestaves , conjure bags , strung herbs , and animals skulls , teeth , and claws . Paint protective sigils on your body or have them tattooed on if you are one who flies involuntarily , naturally . Always wear one protective talisman even if it is as simple as the innocuous ring , pendant , or earrings you wear every day that you have consecrated . When you wish to fly , call your spirits to you and have their fetiches close if they are not wearable so you can take them with you . Hold a wand or staff in your hand to protect your body and to take with you to the other realms . The Gaels and Norse believed Rowan gave one power over spirits – to enter their homes , to stop them from causing harm , and to blast , banish and bind them if need be .
To return from your adventures of witches ' sabbats , shape-shifting , and travelling sing or speak aloud an incantation that acts as a trigger to pull you back to your body . Tap your wand or staff three times . Stop beating your drum , stop swaying , stop chanting – stop whatever action you perform when straddling the worlds . Have someone watch over you and instruct them to touch you gently or shake you if need be to signal you to return from your spirit 's flight . If you are alone set an alarm to go off or play an album and train yourself to return when the music stops . When you return , eat and drink , touch a plant , touch a tree , touch the earth . Talk , laugh , sing . Do something ordinary and of this world to help ground you in the present and bring you fully back to yourself . If you are worried a spirit may have followed you back or your experience was not pleasant , take a bath with herbs and candles and spiritually cleanse yourself from your toes to your head to the depths of your soul and watch all the worry wash down the bathtub drain afterward . Lavender , rosemary , cloves , mullein , sage or yarrow will aid you . If they are not on hand , the needles from the nearest evergreen tree will do in a pinch whether it be cedar , fir , or pine – especially when combined with salt .
One either flies or one does not . It can not be forced and can rarely be taught . The secret is in one 's ability to let go ; to let go of expectations , of the body , of life , of the world you know and the people you love . Can you jump off the cliff into the unknown abyss with faith in yourself and your spirits ? If not you will fail or you will fall . Do not leap until you are sure .
Originally published in “ Pillars III ” by Anathema Publishing , January 2015 .
© 2015 Sarah Anne Lawless . Do not copy or use without the express permission of the author , but sharing the link is very welcome .
Featured artworks are by Luis Ricardo Falero , 1878-1883 .
Link to the Tracker – Keg Tracking
Overview :
Moving from bottling to kegging was a snap . I wanted to go a different direction , and perhaps not spend as much time taking over the kitchen when my beer finally dropped bright . It was taking way longer than I initially thought , and I was getting inconsistencies in the amount of carbonation from bottle to bottle . I knew it was a mixing issue , but no matter what I tried , there were always a few that were almost flat , and a few of those that were gushers . At 12 gallon batches , purchasing carbonation drops were too expensive to take seriously , and I was afraid of getting too much oxygen stirred in when I added the boiled sugar syrup . I dropped a pretty obvious hint that I wanted kegs for Christmas ( uhh , honey ? Here is a link to what I want for Christmas , and let everyone else know too , ok ? ) and I sat back and let the holidays happen .
My wife Amber pulled through for me for Christmas . They planned , ordered , cordinated and shared my keg desire , and by the time the holidays were over , I had recieved an assortment of kegs . I had spent some time reading online about how they were going to save me a ton of time , and it was like only cleaning one bottle , and the mess would be reduced . Boy , I was ready ! HAH ! The kegs ordered were old used Pin Lock coke kegs . They were tested , and repaired if they did n't hold pressure , but they were not cleaned . Almost every keg I received for Christmas was a cherry cola keg save for one or two , which were sprite . How do I know ? Well , all had syrup still in the bottom of them , but no fear ! Plenty of time spent cleaning them out and getting them prepared for use as a beer container . I do think the reduced price of a used keg is worth it , as there is very little “ work ” that needs done . PBW and sanitizer do the bulk of the heavy lifting , I only need to move the chemicals and rinse water around to ensure that they do their job and do a post cleaning inspection . Sometimes a quick scrub is needed to hit the dry stuff .
Once I figured out what I had , I soon realized that some of the posts were not interchangeable with others , and the poppets were not shaped the same , and the dip tubes came bent or straight . Some online study revealed there are more than one manufacturer of kegs out there , and I figured out that there are Firestone and Cornelius . Firestone has the 9/16 sized post with an 18 thread count . The Cornelius have a 19/32 post with an 18 thread count . The Cornelius posts will fit on a firestone , but they will not seal correctly , nor will the poppets fit in the posts correctly . The firestone posts will not fit onto a Cornelius keg . The Firestone poppets seem to clip into the inside of the post , and will not come out without some effort . I soon realized that I could not mix up the parts as it could spell disaster for a future brew . This proved difficult as I clean more than one keg at a time .
As these kegs were new ( to me ) I did not have any of the hardware associated with kegging , like keg disconnects , a co2 tank , hose , or taps . In my excitement to try out them , I thought that keg conditioning using sugar and dry hopping using pellet hops would be a worthy homebrew attempt . The results were not stellar , and having learned from those mistakes , I purchased a few pieces.With plans to purchase more of these homebrew kegs in the future , I decided I needed a tracking system . All the kegs are numbered , and logged in a spreadsheet . After just a few kegs , it is easy to lose track of what beer is in what keg , when it was last disassembled , and if there were issues with it . On the Spreadsheet I track a number of different items :
Initial acquisition date and Cleaning
Type ( Cornelius or Firestone )
Date and type of fill ( sparkling water , cleanser , sanitizer , beer + batch number )
Repairs/Replacements and Date ( poppets , o-rings )
Keg Tracking
Procedure for cleaning :
When I purchase a used keg , I follow this cleaning & rebuild checklist prior to use :
Remove stickers/Tape from exterior – scrub down Relieve the pressure . Usually either pulling the relieve valve or by pressing on the gas side poppet . Open the lid – Rinse out – fill with HOT water – add 2 Tablespoons PBW powder – Reattach lid Attach gas disconnect – Pressurize with 5-10 PSI Soak and agitate – shake keg , turn upside down . Allow to Soak ( 1-2 hours ) Attach disconnects – dispense 1-2 gallons through dip tube – remove add disconnect with short length of hose to gas Allow water to go out the gas line disconnect ( turn keg on side ) Remove Lid – dump rest of PBW water into bucket Remove O-ring from Lid and throw away Inspect interior for gunk – Unscrew disconnect posts – Remove and throw away O-rings from disconnects – Throw away poppets/springs Soak Posts and Lid in PBW Remove Dip tube and gas tube – remove O-rings and throw away Soak Tubes in PBW – Use dip tube brush Place Keg shell on Carboy Pump – Run additional PBW through open posts Scrub Small parts and tubes – Inspect for gunk Remove and inspect keg posts and interior for gunk – rinse keg Rinse and Install new o-rings on tubes – place in respective threaded fittings Insert new poppets into posts , Install new o-rings into posts & Install into threaded fittings Rinse and Install new o-ring on lid – install into keg Pressure test keg – 25-50 PSI – spray all posts/fittings and lid with starsan or soapy water looking for bubbles Vent and repeat pressure test Set empty keg pressure to 15 PSI Dry exterior – Install Tracking numbers on side Record New keg data into spreadsheet .
If the keg is a new never been used before keg , the o-ring replacement and PBW soak isnt necessary , but a scrub utilizing a surfactant to ensure any machining oils have been removed from the interior of the keg should be followed . A quick rinse post scrub is required . Attach the numbers for tracking purposes .
On the Spreadsheet , I have attached the link to my Google Drive . You can go and see what I have kegged there !
Keg Tracking
Like this : Like Loading ...
The Park is the latest game from Norwegian developer Funcom , who you may be familiar with from MMOs like Age of Conan or The Secret World . But The Park — which the developer describes as `` a unique horror story '' — is also being marketed as the `` first single-player experience since its award-winning adventure Dreamfall : The Longest Journey . ''
The Park is being released for PC this October , and the game 's description evokes something smaller and more experimental than the massive MMOs the developer has busied itself with . `` The Park puts you in the shoes of a mother whose son goes missing , '' the press release reads . `` When night falls and the lights go out , what follows are a short , but intense horror story set against the backdrop of an amusement park where a dark and sinister secret is just waiting to be uncovered . ''
`` The Park is actually the outcome of what started with a small group of developers experimenting with new concepts and looking at how we could draw upon the universes we have built for our massively multiplayer online games and expand upon them into smaller-scale single-player games , '' Funcom CEO Rui Casais says in the press release . We 'll find out closer to the game 's October release .
Bug Description
As per request from bug # 1184262 , this is a new report , along with dbus ( to be attached )
ProblemType : Bug
DistroRelease : Ubuntu 13.10
Package : systemd-services 204-0ubuntu19
Uname : Linux 3.12.0-custom x86_64
ApportVersion : 2.12.5-0ubuntu2.1
Architecture : amd64
Date : Sun Nov 17 20:24:41 2013
MarkForUpload : True
SourcePackage : systemd
UpgradeStatus : Upgraded to saucy on 2013-10-17 ( 31 days ago )
SRU INFORMATION :
FIX : https : / /github . com/desrt/ systemd- shim/commit/ 9e1ebe3ab ( in trusty already )
Regression potential : Low . Flushing the session bus was introduced in version 4 and is obviously bogus as in a system D-BUS service there is no session bus . This causes lots of confusing error messages and unnecessary overhead like trying to start dbus-launch . Flushing the system bus is low-risk , in most cases it 's a no-op and it would otherwise prevent losing signals after waking up . No known regressions .
TEST CASE : Run several suspend/resume cycles with the lid , session indicator menu , and verify that the network comes back up . It is known that this fix is necessary but not sufficient , so it is not expected to fix all cases . But it should not make things worse , so if network now does not come up any more on a machine where it previously worked this would count as failure/regression .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
How lopsided could the results of tonight 's election be ? Even “ Bush 's Brain , ” Karl Rove is projecting a big Obama win .
Rove 's final electoral map projection has Obama winning with the most electoral votes since Bill Clinton was reelected in 1996 . Rove gives Obama Ohio , Florida , and Virginia , along with New Mexico , Nevada , Iowa , and Colorado . They project that McCain will win Missouri , Indiana , North Carolina , and North Dakota . Rove does point out that Florida could go either way , but even if McCain does win Florida , Obama still ends up with 311 electoral votes .
The cable news networks have been playing up the idea that Obama could win the popular vote , but still lose the election . The problem with their scenario is that it is n't very realistic , and does n't match the polling data that we have seen for the past month . Sure it could happen , but in order for this to take place , McCain would have to wipe out a double digit Obama advantage in Pennsylvania where there are scores of new Democrats and 80 % turnout is expected .
Rove 's map makes a lot of sense , and right in line with the consensus . The only thing I could see happening differently is Obama losing Florida , but winning North Carolina . The media loves a close election , but it looks like this one will not be a repeat of 2000 and 2004 . If everything breaks absolutely perfectly for McCain , they could be in this thing for the long haul tonight , but I think it much more likely that this election is called for Obama relatively early .
I am sure that if there was any way to shade the map towards their party , Rove would have found it . The McCain campaign can make the claim that all the polls are wrong , but the one thing every single poll agrees on is that Obama is winning . When all of the polls agree on a result , they usually are n't wrong . I guess it is possible , just not very probable .
View the map
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Them children , born the Texas side of the border , are U.S. citizens . But when they went to the local vital statistics office earlier this year to get a copy of their youngest daughter 's birth certificate , they were turned away for lack of proper identification . Them child , who was born in November 2013 , still does not have a birth certificate .
“ What 's going to happen if she 's in an emergency ? ” they asked . “ Will they say they ca n't treat them because they do n't have a birth certificate ? ”
Juana is among 28 undocumented immigrants who are suing the Texas Department of State Health Services on behalf of their U.S.-born children for denying them their birth certificates . The suit was filed in May and was amended on Tuesday to include more plaintiffs .
The lawsuit comes as 2016 presidential candidates engaged in bitter debates about the fate of an estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the U.S . Some 26 U.S. states filed a lawsuit attempting to block the White House 's plan to protect about 5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation .
The 14th Amendment states that all people born in the U.S. are citizens . But in the immigrants ' lawsuit , the two civil rights groups suing the state on the immigrants ' behalf say the department is violating the law by refusing to recognize the matrícula consular — an ID card issued by Mexican consulates — as a valid form of identification .
Because undocumented immigrants , many of them from Mexico and Central America , do not have a required form of ID like a green card or work authorization papers , they are required to show two secondary forms of identification to get a child 's birth certificate . Often that includes the matrícula consular . But Texas in 2008 announced a new policy of rejecting matrículas , citing security concerns . The measure went largely unenforced until 2013 .
“ Just like anyone else with children born in the U.S. , they have a right to have a birth certificate for that child so they can get medical services for them , enroll them in daycare and school , baptize them , and do all sorts of things that every other parent who has a U.S. citizen child gets to do , '' said Efren Olivares , an attorney for the nonprofit South Texas Civil Rights Project — which , along with Texas-based nonprofit La Union del Pueblo Entero , is representing the immigrants .
Olivares told Al Jazeera that the timing of the state 's enforcement appears to coincide with a spike in Central Americans arriving in Texas , many of them fleeing violence in their home countries .
The lawsuit accuses Texas of deciding to reject the matrículas knowing that undocumented immigrants are largely unable to present other forms of ID .
“ Even though the Mexican government has carefully revised its matrícula to greatly increase its security , the new matrículas are still being rejected , ” the court documents read . “ By denying the plaintiff children their birth certificates , defendants have created a category of second-class citizens , disadvantaged from childhood on with respect to health and educational opportunities . ”
“ What are these kids going to do ? ” said Olivares . “ They 're U.S. citizens . They have no birth certificate . That 's outrageous to me . And discriminatory . ”
The Texas Department of State Health Services said in an emailed statement that it “ provides certified birth certificates without regard to the requester 's immigration status and has never accepted the matrícula consular as adequate identification . This is because the documents used to obtain the matrícula are not verified by the issuing consulate . ”
The department also said the child 's parent or guardian can request what 's called a school certificate , an official document that verifies the child 's name and date of birth , in order to enroll their children in school . Because it contains public information , the parent does n't have to present identification to get it .
Juana , for their part , did not encounter problems presenting their matrícula along with hospital records to obtain birth certificates for their two older children , who are 13 and 8 years old . But obtaining a birth certificate for their youngest child has proved challenging . They have lost work lately because they can not get their 1-year-old daughter accepted into day care without a birth certificate .
“ She should have the same rights as a child born to American parents , ” they said
The first bout between eliminated “ The Ultimate Fighter 18 ” cast members has been added to the live finale , as Team Rousey fighters Jessamyn Duke vs. Peggy Morgan square off at the event .
UFC officials today announced the matchup .
The TUF 18 Finale takes place Nov. 30 at Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas . The main card airs on FOX Sports 1 following prelims on MMAjunkie . In the main event , lightweights Nate Diaz and Gray Maynard meet for the third time ( but just second time on the record books since their first fight took place as an exhibition contest on “ TUF 5 ” ) .
The card also features the women 's and men 's bantamweight tournament finals for the current 18th season of “ The Ultimate Fighter. ” The women 's pairing will be announced on Wednesday 's show , which airs at 10 p.m . ET on FOX Sports 1 .
“ The Gun ” Duke ( 2-0 MMA , 0-0 UFC ) , who was coach Ronda Rousey 's second pick in the women 's division , was eliminated in the quarterfinal round after losing a decision to Raquel Pennington , who meets Jessica Rakoczy in Wednesday 's final women 's semifinal matchup .
Meanwhile , “ The Daywalker ” Morgan ( 2-0 MMA , 0-0 UFC ) was Rousey 's third pick and was also bumped in the quarterfinal round , falling prey to a Sarah Moras submission .
With the addition to the card , The Ultimate Fighter 18 Finale now includes :
Nate Diaz vs. Gray Maynard
Julianna Pena vs. TBA – “ TUF 18 ” women 's tournament final
Davey Grant vs. Chris Holdsworth – “ TUF 18 ” men 's tournament final
Jessamyn Duke vs. Peggy Morgan
Maximo Blanco vs. Akira Corassani
Tom Niinimaki vs. Rani Yahya
Walter Harris vs. Jared Rosholt
Drew Dober vs. Sean Spencer
Ryan Benoit vs. Joshua Sampo
320 million youths from India and China are internet users ( Representational )
India and China are home to 39 per cent of the 830 million young people worldwide who use the Internet , according to a UN report.The data released by the International Telecommunication Union ( ITU ) , the United Nations specialised agency for Information and Communication Technologies ( ICTs ) , shows that of the 830 million young people online worldwide , 320 million , or 39 per cent , are in China and India.The ITU 's ICT Facts and Figures 2017 also shows a significant increase in broadband access and subscriptions with China leading the way.The ICT data shows that youths ( 15-24 years old ) are at the forefront of Internet adoption . In Least Developed Countries ( LDCs ) , up to 35 per cent of individuals using the Internet are aged 15-24 , compared with 13 per cent in developed countries and 23 per cent globally . `` ITU 's ICT Facts and Figures 2017 shows that great strides are being made in expanding Internet access through the increased availability of broadband networks . Digital connectivity plays a critical role in bettering lives , as it opens the door to unprecedented knowledge , employment and financial opportunities for billions of people worldwide , '' said ITU Secretary-General Houlin Zhao.The report adds that mobile broadband subscriptions have grown more than 20 per cent annually in the last five years and are expected to reach 4.3 billion globally by the end of 2017.Between 2012 and 2017 , LDCs saw the highest growth-rate of mobile broadband subscriptions . Despite this , the number of mobile subscriptions per 100 inhabitants in LDCs is the lowest globally at 23 per cent.The number of fixed-broadband subscriptions has increased by 9 per cent annually in the last five years with up to 330 million subscriptions added . There has been an increase in high-speed fixed broadband subscriptions parallel to the growth in the number of fibre connections.Most of the increase in high-speed fixed broadband subscriptions in developing countries can be attributed to China , which accounts for 80 per cent of all fixed-broadband subscriptions at 10 Mbit/s or above in the developing world , the report said.Mobile broadband prices , as a percentage of gross national income per capita , dropped by half between 2013 and 2016 . Mobile broadband is more affordable than fixed broadband in most developing countries.While the Internet user gender gap has narrowed in most regions since 2013 , the proportion of men using the Internet remains slightly higher than the proportion of women using the Internet in two-thirds of countries worldwide.In 2017 , the global Internet penetration rate for men stands at 50.9 per cent compared to 44.9 per cent for women . International Internet bandwidth grew by 32 per cent between 2015 and 2016 , with Africa registering an increase of 72 per cent during this period , the highest of all regions . Global telecommunication revenues declined by 4 per cent from $ 2.0 trillion in 2014 to $ 1.9 trillion in 2015 . Developing countries , which are home to 83 per cent of the global population , generate 39 per cent of the world 's telecommunication revenues , it said .
Sheriff John Cooke : Colorado 's new gun laws are “ feel-good , knee-jerk reactions that are unenforceable. ” ( BizPac )
Colorado Sheriff John Cooke told reporters they would not enforce the new Democratic gun laws . Cooke says that the laws would “ give a false sense of security . ”
FOX News reported :
Weld County Sheriff John Cooke wo n't enforce new state gun measures expected to be signed into law by Democratic Gov . John Hickenlooper , arguing the proposed firearms restrictions give a “ false sense of security . ”
Lawmakers in Colorado on Friday approved a landmark expansion of background checks on firearm purchases . Earlier in the week , Colorado lawmakers approved a 15-round limit on ammunition magazines .
Both measures are awaiting the expected approval of the governor .
Cooke told GreeleyTribune.com that Democrats in the state legislature are uninformed and scrambling in response to the Aurora movie theater shooting and other recent tragedies .
“ They 're feel-good , knee-jerk reactions that are unenforceable , ” they told the news outlet .
The bill passed Friday expands cases when a $ 10 criminal background check would be required to legally transfer a gun . Republicans have opposed the bill , calling it an undue burden on law-abiding gun owners .
Ontario wasted $ 1 billion worth of clean electricity in 2016 , according to the province 's professional engineers .
The Ontario Society of Professional Engineers , a non-partisan body , which represents the province 's engineers , says it has crunched government hydro numbers from 2016 and they show that 7.6 terawatt-hours of clean hydro went down the drain that year . That 's equal to the amount required to power 760,000 homes – or $ 1 billion worth of electricity – said the group 's past president Paul Acchione .
“ This represents a 58 % increase in the amount of clean electricity that Ontario wasted in 2015 which was 4.8 terawatt hours , ” they said . “ All while the province continues to export more than two-million homes ' worth of electricity to neighbouring jurisdictions for a price less than it costs to produce . ”
Acchione said the province is wasting the power through a practice called “ curtailment. ” It means that when the province 's hydro generators produce power consumers do n't need , and it ca n't be exported , they have to dump it .
“ It 's when we tell our dams to let the water spill over the top , our nuclear generators to release steam to their condensers and our wind turbines not to turn even when it 's windy , ” they said . “ The numbers…show that Ontario 's cleanest source of power is literally going down the drain because we 're producing too much of it . ”
Jonathan Hack , the president and chairperson of the OSPE board , said the group provided the analysis to all three parties at Queen 's Park . They 'd like to see engineers more intimately involved in policy creation , because at the moment , technical decisions about the province 's hydro system have been politicized , they said .
“ We need to involve engineers in policy making decisions , ” Hack said . “ Engineers right now are being asked to be involved only when the implementation occurs on these policies and that is too late . ”
Progressive Conservative energy critic Todd Smith , who hosted the group at Queen 's Park Thursday , said the government has been ignoring experts on the file for years . That led to the creation of the Green Energy Act , they added .
“ The first thing that they need to do is stop having politicians design our energy and our electrical system and allow experts to provide their input , ” they said .
Smith said the Tories will introduce a plan to address the systematic problems in the hydro system later this year or “ in early 2018 . ”
Colin Nekolaichuk , spokesperson for energy minister Glenn Thibeault , slammed the Tories for voting against the government 's 25 % hydro rate reduction plan and not having a plan of their own . They did not address the analysis of the OSPE in a statement to the Toronto Sun .
“ As OSPE acknowledged in the media studio this morning , our government works closely with their organization and other stakeholders , and takes their input seriously , ” Nekolaichuk said .
sjeffords @ postmedia.com
SAN DIEGO – Heavy rain about seven miles south of Mount Laguna Saturday led to flash flooding , and the National Weather Service issued a warning for southeastern San Diego County set to remain in effect until 7:15 p.m .
By 4:30 p.m. , 1.5 inches of rain had fallen in the area three miles southwest of Mount Laguna and forecasters said the downpour was likely to produce flooding in the vicinity of Old Mine Road .
“ Excessive runoff from the heavy rainfall will cause flooding of small creeks and streams , country roads as well as farmland along the banks of creeks and streams , ” the warning stated .
Those in the warning area were advised to avoid driving their vehicles into water covering a roadway because flood waters are usually deeper than they appear .
“ Just one foot of flowing water is powerful enough to sweep vehicles off the road , ” forecasters said .
“ When encountering flooded roads make the smart choice , turn around , do n't drown . ”
A less-severe flash flood watch will remain in effect through Sunday evening for recently burned areas in the mountains and deserts , where showers and isolated thunderstorms expected this weekend could raise the risk for flash floods .
Meteorologists said the amount of precipitation needed to produce a flash flood in newly burned areas is three-tenths of an inch in 30 minutes .
Any thunderstorm that occurs through Sunday evening could produce that amount .
The weather service advised area residents to monitor forecasts and to be prepared to take action if a flash flood warning is issued .
Also this weekend , strong rip currents and elevated surf are expected along south and southwest facing coastal areas in North County and from Point Loma to La Jolla , according to the NWS .
The surf and rip currents could cause dangerous conditions , especially for inexperienced swimmers , and forecasters advised beachgoers to obey posted warning signs and talk to a lifeguard before swimming .
Evening high tides of above seven feet combined with the elevated surf could also lead to minor tidal overflow , the NWS said .
Water will likely wash into normally dry low-lying areas , such as along The Strand in Oceanside , and possibly into nearby streets and parking lots , according to the weather service .
NHibernate 4.0 GA has been released . It comes with .NET 4.0 support , moving away from the Iesi.Collections library , and also supports some SQL Server 2012 features such as sequences and Query Paging .
There are three major changes in this release , one of which , moving to .NET 4.0 , is a breaking change . As part of this , usage of the ISet from Iesi.Collection has been replaced by corresponding BCL generic type ISet < T > in the mapping classes . Support for persistent non-generic collections have been removed . ISet was not present in .NET BCL ( Base Class Library ) before 4.0 , when NHibernate was initially created as a .NET port of Hibernate . This was one of the key reasons to have the Iesi.Collections library in the first place . Since .NET 4.0 introduced the ISet < T > interface , this library is now redundant , justifying this move .
Note that NHibernate still has an internal dependency on the Iesi.collections library , but for most of the use-cases , developers can work with BCL implementations
In addition the 4.0 release adds support for ODP.NET - Oracle 's Managed Data Provider for .NET , and some new Sql Server 2012 features in the SQL Server dialect :
Sequences - similar to existing support for Oracle and Postgres ( before 2012 , SQL Server had no sequences , and only an identity column for autogenerated pkeys )
The `` iif '' function
Query Paging - ensuring that the queries use OFFSET and FETCH when NH LINQ has Skip ( ) and Take ( )
There are also several minor improvements including :
Math.Round ( ) now supported in QueryOver Projections
Support for power ( ) function in the SQLServer dialect
static fields in NHibernateUtil are no longer wrapped in NullableType or IType
Support for Postgresql Trigonometric functions
Some new overloads for Save/Update/SaveOrUpdate using Entity Names
Where ( ) clause for many-to-many relation
Overall , there are more than a 100 bug fixes and minor improvements , some of which are potentially breaking changes . Have a look at the release notes , or the NH JIRA for the complete list .
What 's next
Some work has already started for 4.1.0 - a quick look at the NH JIRA reveals several interesting new features that could come -
Support for Oracle 12c dialect . Oracle 12c supports identity columns , new paging keywords ( FETCH FIRST and OFFSET ) as well as some new types ( VARCHAR2 , NVARCHAR2 , RAW )
PrePersist and PreUpdate attributes ( similar to corresponding Hibernate annotations )
An NHibernateContext ( alternative to DataContext ) for WCF Data Services
Using property-refs with the < join > element
Possibility of NHibernate supporting of WCF Data Services is especially interesting , in the context of the confusion over future of WCF Data Services ( although after a backlash , EF6 support was added to WCF Data Services after all ) .
NHibernate is a mature , open source object-relational mapper , ported over from it 's Java cousin Hibernate . Once the undisputed ORM of choice , there have been concerns over future of NH in the wake of competition from the MS-supported , now open source , Entity Framework . ( although there are several arguments in favor of NHibernate as well )
UPDATE ( 11:45am ) : Police have discontinued the search for the 4 suspects who robbed the nRange gun store .
Mt . Juliet police say they have recovered 17 of the 19 stolen guns taken from the store during an early morning robbery .
The four suspects used a stolen Volvo stolen from Metro-Nashville to crash into the front window of nRange and took a total of 19 firearms . The suspects then drove to a location on Parrish Hill where they unloaded the weapons into a Chevy Caprice . That car was stopped by an officer on Park Glen Drive , where they ran off on foot . Only two handguns have been unaccounted for .
Police say the 4th suspect was never spotted by police but was captured on surveillance video at the nRange store .
ATF is assisting in the investigation and police no longer believe the suspects are still in the area but will continue `` heavy patrols . ''
The suspects are described as four young black males with thin builds wearing dark clothing .
UPDATE ( 10:33am ) : Mt . Juliet police say nothing was found during their search of the wooded area on Curd Road where a burglary in-progress call was made .
UPDATE ( 9:30am ) : A representative from nRange gun store believes about 11 total guns were stolen and says police have recovered about 9 of the weapons from a car on Park Glen . The guns which the rep says have not been accounted for are smaller handguns . UPDATE : A representative from nRange gun store believes about 11 total guns were stolen and says police have recovered about 9 of the weapons from a car on Park Glen . The guns which the rep says have not been accounted for are smaller handguns .
Mt . Juliet , Tenn. -- Police are searching for four men on the run following the robbery of the nRange gun store on Lebanon Road .
According to police , three of the men broke into the store and took off on foot when officers arrived on scene . The men took off in the area of Park Glen Drive . They are described as being young black males all wearing dark clothing .
ALSO SEE : Burglary In-Progress Call Connected to Gun Store Robbery
Police are warning residents not to leave their cars running this morning outside homes or businesses because they could be potential theft targets for these men who are on foot . They are also asking parents to wait with your children at bus stops instead of letting them wait or walk to school alone .
Some schools are being placed on soft lockdown as a precautionary measure . Police advise the men are potentially armed and dangerous .
Wilson County Schools says recess and outdoor activities will be cancelled during the soft lockdown .
ALSO WATCH : Reporter Kelly Rippin LIVE Periscope from Scene
by Miguel de Icaza
People are loving the C # Interactive Shell .
In the past people have embedded languages like Boo into their applications ( MonoDevelop and Banshee for example both have options to embed Boo and a shell ) .
Zoltan designed a new system for Mono that allows developers to inject and execute code into running Mono applications . Paolo provided significant feedback and design guidelines for the code to be incorporated into Mono .
Thanks to both Zoltan and Paolo this functionality is now available through the Mono.Management assembly : you provide an executable and a PID , and the executable is injected and its Main method executed on the target process :
using Mono.Attach ; [ .. ] // Get a handle to a running Mono process . VirtualMachine vm = new VirtualMachine ( pid ) ; // Load hello.exe into the target process , and run it vm.Attach ( `` /tmp/hello.exe '' , `` '' ) ;
You can use this for billions of things of course . You could patch running programs , you could attach logging software to a running program , or you could inject a C # evaluator into a live application and examine its state , or tweak it live .
Zoltan came up with a really cool extension to the the csharp command ( this is the command-line C # Interactive Shell ) . The csharp command now takes an -- attach command line argument and a PID .
The csharp shell can now use the Mono.Attach.VirtualMachine to injects itself into the remote process and then the client and server communicate through a couple of sockets .
For example , this is the sample that Zoltan used to pitch their idea for supporting attaching to the virtual machine . With the following you can pause a live Banshee process :
$ ps aux | grep banshee miguel 12359 17.0 2.7 141372 55708 pts/5 Sl+ 14:30 0:02 banshee-1 /usr/lib64/banshee-1/Nereid.exe $ csharp -- attach 12359 csharp > using Banshee.ServiceStack ; csharp > using Banshee.Gui ; csharp > var s = ServiceManager.Get ( ) ; csharp > s.PlaybackActions [ `` PlayPauseAction '' ] .Activate ( ) ;
All of the code is now on SVN , you need both the mono and mcs modules from trunk .
A GUI Shell
The above commands are a tiny bit risky and are also limited to the shell .
The above commands will execute on a separate thread from the application , and any commands that you execute would be executed on a separate thread which could corrupt the state of your application .
So this weekend , I wrote a tool that integrates with Gtk # applications , its called gsharp and you can find it in the mono-tools module ( it borrows some code from Banshee ) .
gsharp is a Gtk # version of the csharp command . What is important is that it also supports injection of the code on other programs , but makes sure that all the code executes in the Gtk # thread , by issuing all of its commands from the Gtk # idle handler . This means that it is safe to use gsharp with your Gtk # applications .
GUI version of the tool .
Here you can select which project you want to inject the GUI into :
Needs some work , show process names .
This version shows the gsharp tool attached to F-Spot , as I am not very familiar with the codebase , I can not do very much with it :
We will need to implement one of these as well for Windows.Forms applications . This should luckily be easy to do as most of the smarts live in the Mono.CSharp assembly ( our embeddable compiler ) .
Security of Agents
A couple of weeks ago , I asked for people to weigh in on a security concern for temporary files . This was for Zoltan 's attach functionality .
The code is now implemented and I would love if security experts could do a source code audit of our implementation . And validate whether our assumptions are safe .
Here is the source code .
AUGUSTA — Speaking to a conference assembled to discuss the transportation trends of the future , Gov . Paul LePage said Thursday that global climate change could have an upside for Maine .
“ Everybody looks at the negative effects of global warming , but with the ice melting , the Northern Passage has opened up , ” they said . “ So maybe , instead of being at the end of the pipeline , we 're now at the beginning of a new pipeline . ”
The Northeast Passage , also known as the northern sea route , is a maritime route through the Arctic Circle that connects the Atlantic and Pacific oceans , providing a shortcut from the U.S. East Coast to Asia — and all the markets therein — that shaves 40 percent off the distance of the traditional route through the Mediterranean Sea and the Suez Canal .
The recession of polar ice has opened up the Northeast Passage , over the past several years . In 2009 , a German shipping vessel became the first commercial vessel to use the route , according to The New York Times . In 2011 , 18 vessels used the route , the newspaper reported .
LePage touted the recently formed relationship between Maine and Icelandic shipping company Eimskipp , which made Portland its North American headquarters earlier this year .
Icelandic President Olafur Grimsson , speaking in Portland this May , also touted the opening of the Northeast Passage as a potential boon for Maine and their country .
BDN business editor Whit Richardson contributed to this report .
filed under :
Hundreds of protesters marched into downtown Nashville in November , upset , as were some people in other cities , that Ferguson , Missouri , Police Officer Darren Wilson would not be indicted for shooting and killing Michael Brown . The protest was peaceful , but did block some streets for a while , including Interstate 24 .
The Nashville police and its chief , Steve Anderson , decided not to respond with militarized force and orders to disperse . Police closed the affected streets to keep the protesters safe and offered coffee and hot cocoa to marchers who arrived in front of the downtown police station .
Local African-American church leaders were pleased with how Anderson responded , but not everybody was happy that the Nashville Police did n't show these rabble-rousers who was in charge . As part of their Christmas message to their officers , Anderson shared with them an angry e-mail from a citizen who wanted to know why the police did n't knock some heads to keep the community `` safe , '' as well as their response to the writer . The exchange , as well as Anderson 's Christmas letter was picked up by The Tennesseean . Here 's the full letter to Anderson . Read in your best `` Well , I never ! '' voice :
I wanted to send you this email to express my frustration and outrage at how the situation of these protesters is being handled in Nashville . The first night protesters marched here after the incidents in Ferguson they never should have been allowed to shut down the interstate . Instead of at least threatening to arrest them , they were served coffee and hot chocolate . I do n't feel that is an appropriate use of taxpayer dollars . It sends a message that they can do whatever they want and will be rewarded . Then , this past week , more protesters march around downtown for 3 or more hours and once again , no arrests , and it took THP to keep them from getting on the interstate again . Saturday night , marching and `` die ins '' at Opry Mills mall . How long are we going to allow these people to disrupt our city ? I have a son who I have raised to respect police officers and other authority figures , but if they come to me today and asks `` Why are the police allowing this ? '' I would n't have a good answer . If any other group of people wanted to march around the streets they would have to get a permit weeks or months in advance , and I know it 's not possible to get a permit to obstruct traffic and walk on the interstate . Please understand I am not trying to disrespect you or your department , I just want myself and my family to feel that our city is safe , and right now we do n't feel that way . Is this going to be allowed to continue until someone gets hurt ? Protection of the city should be coming from MNPD , not THP . I also understand that you get direction from the mayor 's office , but these actions are putting the department at disharmony from the majority of the citizens . At some point you are going to have to answer this question to yourself - `` Am I following or giving orders that help or hurt the community ? '' In closing , if these recent actions have been due to pressure from the mayor 's office , please reach out to the people of Nashville , there are many who will gladly contact the mayor 's office as well .
Anderson 's response is much too long to print in its entirety . But here 's how Anderson responds to the writer 's demand for a zero tolerance policy toward the citizenry :
Although this is unlikely , given your zero tolerance stance , suppose that , by accident or perhaps inattention , you found yourself going 40 miles per hour in a 30 miles per hour zone and that you were stopped by a police officer . Then , after making assurances that licenses were in order and that there were no outstanding warrants , the officer asked you not to speed again and did not issue a citation , but merely sent you on your way . As you have suggested , a question may come to you from the back seat , `` How can I respect the police if they will not enforce the law ? '' In the event this does occur , here are some facts that might help you answer that question . In the year 2013 , our officers made over four hundred thousand vehicle stops , mostly for traffic violations . A citation was issued in only about one in six of those stops . Five of the six received warnings . This is the police exercising discretion for minor violations of the law . Few , if any , persons would argue that the police should have no discretion . This is an explanation you might give your son . Take into account , however , that the innocence of children can produce the most profound and probing questions . They often see the world in a very clear and precise manner , their eyes unclouded by the biases life gives us . This could produce the next question . `` If you believe that the police should enforce the law at all times , why did n't you insist that the officer write you a ticket ? '' I do n't have a suggestion as to how that should be answered .
Read the rest of the letter here , as well as the chief 's Christmas letter to their officers .
Steve McCan cruised along the Southwest Freeway in their new Grand Prix on a Tuesday morning in 1976 , happy to be home from Vietnam and free from the confines of a Navy submarine .
McCan , 27 , glanced at a green Volvo and noticed the driver , a young woman with a baby . She 's pretty , they thought , as they drove past and into the shadow of the 610 overpass .
Above McCan , in the right lane of Interstate 610 , a tractor-trailer struck the bridge rail . McCan watched in their rearview mirror as the truck rolled over the edge and fell about 15 feet onto the freeway . The tractor separated from the trailer , and its tank exploded , spewing 7,509 gallons of anhydrous ammonia . The toxic fog killed six people and injured 178 .
Chemical Breakdown In November 2014 , four workers died at a DuPont plant in La Porte after being exposed to a toxic gas . Responding emergency workers were n't sure what was in the air . The surrounding community was n't , either . This Houston Chronicle investigation explores how another fatal mistake could have the largest consequences and probes the regulatory failures that put us in jeopardy . Click here to read the series .
Afterward , the National Transportation Safety Board praised the city of Houston for having designated the 610 Loop as the official route for hazardous materials , keeping trucks from more populous areas .
Forty years later , however , the 38-mile route remains the city 's designated hazardous transportation route . No longer the outer loop , 610 snakes through a congested city that has doubled in population , leaving Houston vulnerable to a catastrophic accident .
About 400 trucks a day loaded with tons of hazardous chemicals , such as chlorine , butadiene and formaldehyde , inch along 610 in bumper-to-bumper traffic and pass within a mile of NRG Stadium , Memorial Park and the Galleria shopping center .
Nearby cities and towns have even more dangerous routes , designating their main thoroughfares for transporting hazardous chemicals , including Mont Belvieu and Conroe . The last time a route was updated anywhere in the Houston area was more than 20 years ago , according to data from the state Department of Transportation .
Other Texas cities , including Austin , have no designated routes at all .
Designated hazardous materials routes in the Houston area Source : Texas Department of Transportation | Created by Rachael Gleason/Houston Chronicle
Old or nonexistent routes are n't the only safety issue . The U.S. government systematically does not track what 's coming and going on the highways and rails , a Houston Chronicle investigation has found . It has the authority to demand manifests but largely relies on companies to operate safely .
Hazardous chemicals roll on tracks past Saturday morning soccer games at the YMCA in Garden Oaks and through congested Highland Village at rush hour . Union Pacific tracks also cross Lake Houston , a major water storage reservoir .
The potential for calamity is real . Since 2000 , Texas has leaded the nation in fatalities , injuries and evacuations related to moving hazardous chemicals on roads or rails , according to an analysis of incident data from the U.S. Department of Transportation 's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration .
The 19 fatal accidents in Texas included a two-train collision in Bexar County involving a tank car carrying chlorine . That accident in 2004 killed three and injured 66 .
In February 2014 , a state trooper driving near the 610 East ramp and Interstate 45 saw a diesel truck explosion . The trooper found the truck driver lying on the grass by the road . They were on fire .
Last spring , a semi-truck carrying propane collided with another truck . The explosion killed one , injured two and forced 120 people to evacuate .
Fatal hazardous materials incidents in the United States Source : U.S. Department of Transportation 's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration | Created by Rachael Gleason/Houston Chronicle
* * *
State and local officials seem confused about who has the power to designate a hazardous materials route .
State law requires all cities with populations greater than 850,000 to have such routes , and the Texas Department of Transportation is responsible for putting up signs . Austin is the only one of that size without a route . The capital city exceeded that population level in 2012 , according to U.S. Census estimates , but is still in the process of choosing a route , according to City Council minutes .
A spokesperson for the state Department of Transportation said it is up to municipalities to designate hazardous materials routes . Houston officials insisted , however , that the state also has the power , outlined in Texas Administrative Code , Title 43 , Chapter 25 , Section 104 .
Houston 's Office of Emergency Management does n't know why the city 's designated route has n't been updated in decades . The department said Houston Fire is responsible for oversight of hazardous materials , including transportation .
Spokespersons for the fire department did not reply to requests for comment .
City Council member Larry Green , chair of the Transportation , Technology and Infrastructure Committee , said in response to questions from the Chronicle that they plan to review the 610 Loop 's designation and that dangerous cargo should be routed through less-populous parts of Houston .
Steve McCan , who survived the deadly tanker accident in 1976 , wishes officials would update Houston 's hazmat route and get chemicals off 610 . `` If something like that was to happen today , how many more people would suffer ? '' less Steve McCan , who survived the deadly tanker accident in 1976 , wishes officials would update Houston 's hazmat route and get chemicals off 610 . `` If something like that was to happen today , how many more people ... more Photo : Michael Ciaglo , Staff Photo : Michael Ciaglo , Staff Image 1 of / 11 Caption Close Hazardous routes to a disaster : Chemicals still roll through populated areas of Houston 1 / 11 Back to Gallery
One government-funded study of hazardous materials required Texas A & M University researchers to stand at rail and road crossings in Houston for more than 300 hours to count signs on cargo because there was no better method available .
The study , done five years ago , found that an average of 468 trucks carrying hazardous materials use Interstate 45 each day , though it is not a designated route . Another 249 per day , on average , use U.S. 59 . Trucks are allowed to make deliveries or pickups outside of designated routes .
David Bierling , the study 's author , said trucking is essential to the chemical industry in Houston , but they encouraged city officials in 2011 to use the study as a starting point to improve safety .
When the Chronicle asked for the report , city officials said to ask the Greater Houston local emergency planning committee . The committee initially could n't locate the study , then found it in a storage unit .
Texas A & M hazardous materials study
Federal regulations say that even without a designated hazardous material route , trucks are supposed to avoid heavily populated areas , tunnels , narrow streets or places where crowds assemble .
The rules are not often enforced .
Only specifically trained officers can issue tickets for hazardous materials violations . About 600 Department of Public Safety employees have that training , as do another 175 from local police forces across the state .
From 2013 to June 2015 , DPS officers handed out three tickets .
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration also enforces hazardous material transportation rules . It has not issued any fines in Texas since 2010 . Nationwide , in the last six years , it handed out 10 fines to trucking companies , for a total of $ 192,880 . Most violations were for not having a written route plan .
* * *
The Union Pacific and Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroads both have large switching yards in Houston and rail lines that run through densely populated neighborhoods , according to the city 's emergency management plan .
Railroads carry hazardous materials along with regular cargo , the plan states .
Neither railroad responded to the Chronicle 's request to comment on safety precautions .
Tiffany Lindemann , a spokesperson for the Federal Railroad Administration , said if a train carrying hazardous materials has more than one route option , the railroad must conduct a comprehensive analysis to determine the safest path . Twenty-seven factors , including population and proximity to `` iconic targets , '' should be taken into account as part of assessing risk , according to the FRA . Lindemann said the agency audits the railroads ' analyses annually but declined to provide the Chronicle with copies for Union Pacific or Burlington Northern .
Rail carrier regulations also are enforced by the FRA . It issued $ 24.1 million in penalties for hazardous material violations since 2010 . A breakdown for Texas was not available .
The American Association of Railroads made an agreement to provide annual data on hazardous material transportation to any local emergency planning committee that asks for it , but the companies are under no obligation to give that information to anyone else .
When the Chronicle asked the Greater Houston committee for the analysis of hazardous material moved by rail , it was directed to get written permission from the federal secretary of transportation .
Mapping transportation accidents from just one plant Source : U.S. Department of Transportation 's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration | Created by Rachael Gleason/Houston Chronicle
* * *
On that May day in 1976 , after the ammonia tank exploded , a piece of metal hit McCan 's car , and they pulled over . Two men who drove up beside them fell over onto the payment as fumes poured out of their car .
McCan looked for the woman in the Volvo , but the car had disappeared in a white cloud . They glanced across the highway and saw a business person step out of a Lincoln town car . They locked eyes for a moment .
The man ran one way ; McCan ran the other .
McCan , now a Peterbuilt truck salesperson and grandfather of eight , remembers holding their breath that day and trying to outrun the vapor cloud . They remember jumping into the car of a good Samaritan , who drove them out of danger .
They remember hearing that afternoon that a car crushed under the ammonia tank held a woman and their baby .
He 'd always assumed it was the young mom in the Volvo . But the forensic investigator 's reports , stored in the old county archive , show that the woman whose car was crushed was driving an Oldsmobile . The baby in the car , a 5-month-old boy , survived .
They remember learning that the man that they had locked eyes with had died in a field on the other side of the highway . They had run the wrong way .
Kenneth MacKenzie , Houston 's former air pollution control chief , said even in the '70s , the ammonia tanker explosion was a `` nightmare '' scenario .
They dispatched teams to monitor the air quality and was thankful that the wind had not shifted , or the death toll could have been far worse . Anhydrous ammonia kills by sucking the moisture from vital organs .
`` It could have wiped out the Galleria , '' they said .
MacKenzie , who is now 75 , cringes at headlines about chemical accidents .
Some are scarier than others , like the train derailment in 2012 that sent a toxic fog of vinyl chloride over the small town of Paulsboro , N.J. Or the 193-car pileup near Battle Creek , Mich. , in 2015 that spilled formic acid and detonated thousands of pounds of fireworks . Or the train derailment this summer along the Washington-Oregon border that spilled tens of thousands of gallons of crude oil and burned for hours .
`` You have every kind of chemical in the world coming through Houston , '' they said . `` We 've been very fortunate with the amount of problems we 've had . ''
MacKenzie testified at an NTSB hearing on July 22 , 1976 .
The 610 Loop `` was probably reasonable routing at one time , but Houston has grown rapidly , '' they said then . `` Routes for these types of trucks must be put farther away , even if it costs you something extra . ''
Forty years , three months and 22 days later , nothing has changed .
* * *
Read part 8 : Efforts to improve laws eroded by the influence of chemical industry
* * *
Susan Carroll joined the Chronicle in 2006 and works as an investigative/projects reporter . Along with colleagues Matt Dempsey and Mark Collette , their 2016 work on the danger posed by chemical plants in southeast Texas won awards from the National Press Foundation and Investigative Reporters and Editors . Carroll previously covered the U.S.-Mexico border for the Arizona Republic and the Tucson Citizen . They can be reached by e-mail at Susan.Carroll @ chron.com or by Twitter : @ _SusanCarroll
Matt Dempsey is the data editor for the Houston Chronicle . They joined the Chronicle in 2014 and has worked on several major projects , including the investigation on the dangers of chemical plants . Matt previously worked for the Arizona Republic and Atlanta Journal-Constitution . Contact them at matt.dempsey @ chron.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ mizzousundevil .
Subscribe
The Houston Chronicle is dedicated to serving the public interest with fact-based journalism . That mission has never been more important . Show your support for our journalism at HoustonChronicle.com/subscribe .
In 2003 and 2004 , President George W. Bush announced their intention to initiate a major realignment and shrinkage of what their administration described as an economically wasteful and outdated U.S. overseas basing structure . The plan was to close more than a third of the nation 's Cold War-era bases in Europe , South Korea , and Japan . Troops were to be shifted east and south , to be closer to current and predicted conflict zones from the Andes to North Africa , the Middle East , and Southeast Asia . Over a planned six to eight years , as many as 70,000 U.S. troops and 100,000 family members and civilians would return to bases in the United States .
In place of big Cold War bases , the Pentagon would focus on creating smaller and more flexible `` forward operating bases '' and even more austere `` lily pad '' bases across the so-called `` arc of instability . '' Guam and Diego Garcia were readied for major expansions , building on pre-9/11 plans .
The plan quickly faced resistance and criticism , most prominently from the Congressional Budget Office and a congressional commission on overseas bases , both of which questioned the costs associated with closing bases and moving troops . Since that time little of the original plan has been implemented . In Germany , the military still maintains 268 installations , including massive bases at Ramstein and Spangdahlem ; the planned removal of two army brigades is now in doubt after the commander of the army 's forces in Europe recently called for them to stay in Germany . In Japan , the planned move of 8,000 Marines from Okinawa to Guam may be delayed beyond a 2014 target date . The only notable shift has been in South Korea , where U.S. troops left the demilitarized zone and moved from Seoul to expanded bases south of the capital , aided by the South Korean government 's violent seizure of land from villagers in Daechuri .
Rather than shrinking since the announced reorganization , the overseas base network has for the most part expanded in scope and size , as a result of the Bush administration 's wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and its broader efforts to assert U.S. geopolitical dominance in the Middle East , Central Asia , and globally . Since the invasions of 2001 and 2003 , the United States has created or expanded bases in Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Georgia , Qatar , Bahrain , the United Arab Emirates , Oman , and Kuwait . In Iraq and Afghanistan , there may be upward of 100 and 80 installations , respectively , with plans to expand the basing infrastructure in Afghanistan as part of a troop surge .
In Eastern and Central Europe , installations have been created or are in development in Bulgaria , Poland , Romania , and the Czech Republic , and are contributing to rising tensions with Russia . In Africa , as part of the development of the new African Command , the Pentagon has created or investigated the creation of installations in Algeria , Djibouti , Gabon , Ghana , Kenya , Mali , Nigeria , São Tomé and Príncipe , Senegal , and Uganda . In the Western Hemisphere , the United States maintains a sizable collection of bases throughout South America and the Caribbean , with the Pentagon exploring the creation of new bases in Colombia and Peru in response to its pending eviction from Manta , Ecuador .
In total , the Pentagon claims it has 865 base sites outside the 50 states and Washington , D.C . Notoriously unreliable , this tally omits bases in Iraq and Afghanistan , among other well-known and secret bases . A better estimate is 1,000 . While ultimately the motivation behind the Bush reorganization plan was the neoconservative dream of endless U.S. global domination , the previous administration was right to criticize the basing network as outdated , bloated , and profligate . In the midst of an economic crisis , there has never been a more critical time to dramatically shrink the U.S. web of overseas bases .
Reprinted with permission from Foreign Policy in Focus .
Read more by David Vine
Image caption Roman skeletons were excavated from the Syon Park site Roman skeletons were excavated from the Syon Park site In pictures : Roman settlement
A Roman settlement filled with ancient artefacts and human remains has been found on a west London building site .
Archaeologists excavating the listed Syon Park site made the discovery of more than 11,000 Roman items just half a metre below the ground .
They were digging on the land ahead of the construction of a new hotel on the outskirts of the historical Syon Park Estate , near Brentford .
Part of one of Roman Britain 's most important roads was also found .
'Extremely fortunate '
About 11,500 fragments of pottery , 100 coins and jewellery were uncovered by the experts from the Museum of London Archaeology .
Jo Lyon , a senior archaeologist at the museum , said : `` We were extremely fortunate to discover such a comprehensive repertoire of Roman finds and features so close to the surface .
`` They tell us a great deal about how the people of this village lived , worked and died .
`` It helps us build a picture of the Roman landscape and shows how the busy metropolis of Londinium connected with the rest of Roman Britain . ''
The site was excavated in 2008 , but the fascinating discoveries have only now been revealed .
Archaeologists said the Roman settlement had remained remarkably undisturbed for almost 2,000 years .
Image caption Part of a late Bronze Age gold pennular ribbon bracelet was found at Syon Park
A section of one of Roman Britain 's most important roads was revealed , linking Londinium with the Roman town of Silchester and an ancient tributary of the Thames .
The artefacts found included two shale armlets , fragments of a lava quernstone and a late Bronze Age ( 1000-700 BC ) gold bracelet .
Ms Lyon said their most exciting find was more than 100 Roman coins .
`` It was so nice to find so many lost coins . They were scattered along the Roman Road , dated to different years across the period . ''
'Remarkable history '
Post excavation manager at the museum Julian Hill explained why it took more than two years between the excavation and announcing what was found .
Image caption About 10 archaeologists took about two months to excavate the site
`` The process took so long because it was important that we went through the data in correct sequence , '' said Mr Hill .
`` There was lots of raw data when we came off site . We need to rebuild the sequence of the excavation from the bottom up .
`` It 's rare to get this sort of stuff surviving in a relatively undisturbed state , '' Mr Hill added .
`` So far , only the site where the hotel is to be built has been excavated .
`` Given the amount that we found , it is quite possible that more will be found in the area nearby . ''
The Duke of Northumberland , whose family has held residence at Syon Park for more than 400 years , said : `` Syon Park has a rich and remarkable history .
`` The Roman findings are an incredible addition to this legacy and emphasise Syon Park 's place as a prominent landmark in ancient British history . ''
Some of the historical finds are expected to go on display at the hotel which is due to open at the site next year .
Nigel Farage has said their comments about ‘ HIV tourists ' are perfectly compatible with a religious outlook , claiming that it is “ a sensible Christian thing to look after your family and your own community first ” .
The UKIP leader spoke out on the topic of Christianity over the Easter weekend , after their criticism of foreign-born HIV patients receiving treatment under the NHS during the party leaders ' election debate was condemned as intolerant , xenophobic and lacking in basic human charity .
Mr Farage had claimed that 60 per of the 7,000 HIV annual diagnoses in the UK involved “ health tourists ” who travel to Britain to receive retroviral drug treatment at a cost up to £25,000-per-year .
Their comments provoked widespread criticism , with Leanne Wood , the Plaid Cymru leader , accusing them of “ dangerous scaremongering ” . They were applauded by the studio audience after telling them during last Thursday 's party leaders ' debate : “ You should be ashamed of yourself . ”
But asked on Saturday whether their views were compatible with a Christian outlook , Mr Farage said : “ What good Christian would say to an 85-year-old woman ‘ you ca n't have breast cancer treatment because we ca n't afford it ' , whilst at the same time shovelling a billion pounds on foreign aid , allowing people from all over the world to fly into Britain as health tourists get an HIV test and drugs over £20,000 a year ? ”
Speaking to Sky News they added : “ It is a sensible Christian thing to look after your family and your own community first . ”
Mr Farage said that they regarded themselves as a Christian , despite attending church only a “ few times a year ” , and insisted Britain should maintain its cultural position as a “ Judeo-Christian ” country .
Asked what it meant to say that the UK was a Christian country , they said : “ Well that is perfectly clear . We have a Judeo-Christian culture , we even have a Judeo-Christian constitution – the role of the monarch and the way the whole country is set up . ”
They added : “ That does n't mean we are not the most tolerant country in Europe in terms of all cultures and other religions . We always have been , but we must n't forget who we are . ”
Speaking during a campaign visit to a beer festival at Margate 's Winter Gardens , with a pint of British Bulldog bitter in hand , they said : “ I think there are millions like that , millions brought up to be Christian , who perhaps in adult life put it rather at the back of their minds . ”
Mr Farage 's remarks about so-called HIV tourists were widely condemned following the leaders ' debate .
Ed Miliband , the Labour leader , wrote on Twitter : “ Nigel Farage 's comment about the NHS and HIV was disgusting . They should be ashamed . The fact they are n't says so much . ”
HIV experts say there is no evidence that foreigners come to the UK for the primary purpose of accessing HIV treatment , and that forcing them to pay for drugs and testing would only help to spread the disease .
According to Public Health England , ( PHE ) which collects and analyses HIV statistics , 62 per cent of people newly infected with the virus in 2012 were born in the UK . There are almost 100,000 people living with HIV in Britain .
PHE said that of the 53,000 heterosexuals with HIV , 11,000 were African-born men and 20,700 African-born women . It added that levels of HIV infection in these migrant groups are lower than in their country of origin .
Dr Rosemary Gillespie , Chief Executive of the Terence Higgins Trust ( THT ) HIV charity , said : “ It was great to see so many people express outrage after Farage 's comments about the numbers of people in the UK with HIV who were not born here . HIV is a public health issue in the UK and globally . If we do not take an inclusive approach and provide treatment for people who need it , we will never prevent onward transmission . ”
Mr Farage began their drinking session at the CAMRA beer festival with a 4.1 % strength British Bulldog , from the Westerham Brewery .
They then moved on to another medium-strength ale by Gadds ' of Ramsgate .
`` It 's not their super-strong one , '' they explained . `` They 've got a lunatic one that is 10 % strength . I thought discretion was the better part of valour . ''
“ Did you win your sword fight ? ”
“ Of course I won the fucking sword fight , ” Hiro says . “ I 'm the greatest sword fighter in the world . ”
“ And you wrote the software . ”
“ Yeah . That , too , ” Hiro says .
— Neal Stephenson , Snowcrash
If you 're looking for zeitgeist biblical metaphors for the tech sector , you ca n't do much better than the Tower of Babel . Human civilization a hundred years after the flood , monolingual and gathered in a city called Babel . They become possessed with the mission of building a tower to the heavens . Which they begin…
Until their control-challenged sky God , understanding that humans are capable of anything with one unified language and a will for transcendence , curses them with dialects . ( I 'm not Christian but am a disciple of narrative . )
The Lord said , “ If as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this , then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them . Come , let us go down and confuse their language so they will not understand each other. ” So the Lord scattered them from there over all the earth , and they stopped building the city . ( Genesis 11:6-8 )
This is God as benevolent systems architect-turned-royalist-hacker , dumping toxic malware onto the human social matrix . And we 're still living in it .
Sure , wired humans have been united into a “ global village ” across shared social platforms in the new millennium . And while we have Twitter and Facebook to thank for the global reach of the Arab Spring , # EricGarner , and the Veronica Mars film project crowdfund , this is not a return to evolutionary Tower-building by an empowered world citizenry . Nor is this technology being developed to unchain us from the holy hack by vanishing linguistic barriers .
Quite the opposite . These platforms exist primarily ( post-IPO ) to service enterprises , institutions and government agencies that place a premium on our written words .
In the modern paradigm , companies like Facebook , Twitter and Google are the primary beneficiaries of Babel . After all , it 's the machine-driven analytics of our words and their nuanced sentiments — which are used to compartmentalize , analyze and ultimately engineer user behaviors — that make us the product that they sell to advertisers and other paying customers .
In other words , they have a large incentive to maintain the Old Testament status quo because it bestows considerable insight . And power .
Engineering contagion
Last year , a minor outrage erupted when members of Facebook 's Core Data Science Team published the report of a secret study on their users . The study , which manipulated News Feed displays of 700,000 people in order to test the impact of emotions on friend networks , proved that “ emotional states can be transferred to others via emotional contagion , leading people to experience the same emotions without their awareness . ”
In total , over 3 million posts were analyzed , containing over 122 million words , 4 million of which were positive ( 3.6 percent ) and 1.8 million negative ( 1.6 percent ) .
The network effect of this contagion was studied , naturally , “ via text-based computer-mediated communication ” and was limited to English-speaking users .
This is all made possible by sentiment analysis : the deployment of algorithms that mine text for meaningful signals about the writer . Now , as many people pointed out after the initial wave of ( media-driven ) indignation , sentiment analysis is still in its infancy . It 's neither accurate nor effective in helping artificial intelligence systems to learn and predict human behavior .
But it wo n't be that way for long .
Facebook and Google are leading a new wave of R & D in the field of deep learning , an aspect of AI research , which MIT defines as :
“ software [ that ] attempts to mimic the activity in layers of neurons in the neocortex , the wrinkly 80 percent of the brain where thinking occurs . The software learns , in a very real sense , to recognize patterns in digital representations of sounds , images , and other data . ”
Over the past couple of years , Google has completed acquisitions of a few high-profile deep learning labs , including one run by Geoffrey Hinton who is widely considered , to quote WIRED , the “ central figure in the deep learning movement . ”
Meanwhile , Facebook has created its own AI research lab , led by Yann LeCun , one of Hinton 's former employees , and the guy who taught computers how to read written numbers ( early AI tech that is now licensed to banks for ATM check-scanning ) .
Predictably , there 's been a backlash against the corporatization of these computer scientists . But there 's no point in blaming visionary geniuses like LeCun and Hinton . They 're being funded to code-replicate the human brain , which is a powerful enticement .
The motivation for Silicon Valley 's C-suiters is less… romantic . Whatever their future aspirations , the foundation of Babel 's corporate revenue structure is still built on an old business model : “ delivering relevant , cost-effective online advertising , ” to quote a recent Google annual report . And whatever technological advances are made in the AI field will be subsidiary to those which advance the cause of their shareholders : which is profit .
At least , if push came to shove .
Conditional kingdoms
As CEO of the world 's largest social platform , Mark Zuckerberg has one prime directive from their shareholders : Expand your market base .
So was it any surprise that the latest PR narrative developed by their Sun Tzu-wielding strategists was to showcase their command of Mandarin to Chinese millennials ? In learning an entirely new language to court their company 's largest unpenetrated market , Zuck proved he ‘ s not only the ultimate citizen of Babel , he 's officially the mayor .
But theirs is a conditional kingdom . To keep the market happy , Zuck has to mine Facebook for every byte of value it has . Which , in the current social network paradigm of text-based programming , means developing the most aggressive artificial intelligence ( deep artificial neural nets ) and proxy agents to track and tag our behavioral patterns while accurately projecting , and guiding , future impulses .
Search and social network data scientists succeed by fragmenting and classifying us as individuals . They are the high priests of demographics and psychographics . But when their algorithms use our language to predict and direct our behavior before we , ourselves , have consciously made those choices , they cross the line into the zone of social engineering .
With the accelerated development of computational technology that can process and analyze big data in unprecedented ways , this poses a heavy existential threat to human civilization . Because even if the current social networks have the best intentions for their communities , billions of dollars have been marked against the economies generated by mining and exploiting that data .
And any diversion from those objectives would be ruthlessly punished by the market . This is n't conspiracy theory , it 's market theory 101 .
The tragic end of this story could well be of a group of brilliant technologists forced into a Faustian deal that ultimately takes the global communication platform once envisioned as evolutionary tech for our species and hacking it for a myopic , profit-driven end-game .
In short , like Old Testament gods , their baser instincts could lead them to fuck with the natural order of things . Another civilizational hack .
Which brings me back to the Bible .
A prophecy
There 's a little-known corollary to the Tower of Babel story . It comes at the other end of the Bible… thousands of years later , in the New Testament . Taking the form of a prophecy :
Humankind is again gathered , “ all in one place ” when suddenly :
…there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting . And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire , and it sat upon each of them . And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost , and began to speak with other tongues , as the Spirit gave them utterance… Now when this was noised abroad , the multitude came together , and were confounded , because that every man heard them speak in their own language . And they were all amazed… ( Acts 2 : 2-4 ; 6-7 )
Sticking with the zeitgeist Biblical-tech metaphor theme , this is a profound narrative arc that suggests the re-congregation of the divided tribes of Babel on a single ( technological ) platform . One with the potential to return us to our original vision and mission , of building a Tower out of this place : our self-authored extinction algorithm .
And companies like Facebook , Google and Twitter may well represent that Tower-building potential . But we have to ask the question : does the DNA of a thing constrain its future iterations and utility ?
Put less symbolically , if these platforms profit through observing and tracking and engineering our behavior , can they simultaneously initiate in us the kind of “ evolutionary moment ” which is in some ways oppositional to the interests that they serve ? Because the market is n't interested in kumbaya technologies that liberate us from false desire and competition . You do n't need to be Jerry Seinfeld to know that .
It thrives from , and exists for , those impulses .
I have no doubt that Facebook acquired Oculus for the potential it has for humans to assemble virtually , post-linguistically , across space-time . The only question is whether they 'll neutralize its potential by gating it with Facebook Connect and fortressing it into the confines of a system-controlled UX ? Because evolution is anarchic . And that 's Orwellian .
I do n't have answers to the questions I am musing about here . I do have a lot of ideas about what a platform like Facebook could become if it moved beyond its linguistic limitations and toward a generative object-based system .
But I would like to suggest that the Tower of Babel is not a story of our past , but rather one of our future . The divine kibosh that the “ creator ” put on our transcendent project was n't about killing our desire to be gods . It was about seeding the ultimate narrative : a collective hero 's journey to reconnect as a human community despite the extreme trauma of our separation , and those who naturally find themselves in positions that exploit it .
That 's what I call intelligent design .
Editor 's note : Stephen Marshall is the co-founder and product lead for ORA , a Seattle/London-based start-up innovating in the realm of dimensional data visualization , and portfolio company of the DataElite accelerator .
Santa Monica firefighters managed to put out a kitchen fire in an apartment building Tuesday afternoon while saving the life of a dog that had become unresponsive due to heat and smoke exposure .
At about 4 p.m. Tuesday , firefighters responded to a call about a building fire near 7th Street and Pico Boulevard and upon their arrival found an single-story apartment building with “ a rapidly growing fire ” in one of the units , according to Santa Monica Fire Department officials .
“ Engine Company Firefighters quickly performed an aggressive interior fire attack , while Truck Company Firefighters placed ladders and ascended to the roof to cut a ventilation opening to allow for the release of superheated smoke and fire gasses . Efforts were successful in confining the fire to the kitchen and storage room area of the apartment , and preventing further fire extension and property damage to adjacent units , ” SMFD officials said .
During a search of the apartment for victims , no humans were found , but a dog that had become unconscious was rescued .
According to officials , firefighters performed CPR on the dog and administered oxygen to the animal through a “ Pet Oxygen Mask . ”
Next Sponsor
“ After 20 minutes , the dog began breathing on its own and regained consciousness , even regaining the ability to walk around , ” officials said , noting that the dog was transferred to a local animal hospital for further treatment .
Alexander Rossi insists their goal is to be in Formula 1 next season , whether that be with Haas or a rival outfit .
Despite having linked up with both Caterham and Marussia , Rossi is still waiting for their big break into Formula 1 .
Many believe that could most likely come courtesy of Haas .
The American has been linked to Formula 1 's newest American team but so too have other drivers , notably Esteban Gutierrez , Nico Hulkenberg and Jean-Eric Vergne .
Should Rossi miss out , they are adamant that does not mean he 's out of the Formula 1 frame .
`` My goal has always been to drive in Formula One , '' they told ESPN .
`` It has n't been a dream to be on a specific team , it 's to be on the race grid and to prove myself that I deserve to be in the championship .
`` So obviously any opportunity that comes my way that allows me that opportunity is one that I 'll welcome with open arms . ''
Defenders of Islam call it a `` religion of peace '' but many Norwegian women are learning that Islam is the religion of rape . According to an amazing police report released there this month , every single solved case of assault-rape in the country in 2010 was carried out by a Muslim immigrant .
The report was cited by an official Norwegian television station , which interviewed a victim who said that their rapist explained to them that their religion permits them to rape them
According to the police report there was a total of 186 of known rape cases in 2010 . These fall into various categories , the largest one of which is assault-rape , carried out by sheer physical force , of which there were 86 cases . In 83 of these cases the perpetrator could be identified by the victim . In all 83 , the attacker was described as having `` non-western appearance , '' a laundered euphemism for Muslim immigrants from Africa , the Middle East , or Asia .
In other categories of rape there were Norwegian attackers as well , but they were still in the minority ( Note : the translation of the Norwegian TV report embedded here does not make a distiction between `` assault rape '' and other forms of rape , and appears to confuse the statistics for 2010 with those for 2006-2010 ) .
A female police officer who commented on the report explained that “ Many of the perpetrators who commit these rapes are on the edge of society often unemployed , arriving from traumatized countries . In the past five years it has often been asylum seekers . ”
The problem is not new . A report in Aftenposten in 2001 said : “ While 65 percent of those charged with rape are classed as coming from a non-western background , this segment makes up only 14.3 percent of Oslo 's population . Norwegian women were the victims in 80 percent of the cases . ”
“ In other words , ” says the New American , “ Muslims from Africa and other benighted Third World places are targeting Western women for rape. ” It elaborates :
“ In 2005 , the blogger Fjordman reported on a similar rape wave in Sweden . A crime prevention study that year reported that Algerians , Libyans , Moroccans , and Tunisians ‘ dominate the group of rape suspects , ' they reported . The same year , the newspaper Aftonbladet reported that nearly half of all rapists were immigrants . ”
Yehuda Bello , an Israeli blogger who is well-acquainted with Norwegian culture , noted the report and claimed that Norwegians are a culture that suffers from “ extreme boredom ” due to the presence of huge oil reserves , and are thus inordinately interested in multiculturalism and assorted “ human rights ” campaigns .
They are also traditionally anti-Semitic , they believe . As a result their politicians and press are focused on Israel 's actions in Shechem ( Nablus ) and Hevron and choose to ignore Muslim misdeeds – be they in Iran , Syria , or in Norway itself .
Despite this , they report , the Muslim rape campaign has become so terrible that even Norwegians have begun to recognize the reality around them , and in recent months there have been protests where the slogan was “ Muslims out ! ” .
Editor 's Note : Today we welcome Elijah with their exploration of the cultural construction of femininity and how it influences characters in the Atlus video game Persona 4 . If you 'd like to submit your own review or feature , please check out our submissions page . -Kelly
I freaking love Persona 4 . I love the battle system , I love the use of visual novel and life simulator mechanics , I love how character development of the main cast is intrinsically tied in to their fighting capabilities ( neatly bringing the theme of growing stronger by reaching and accepting personal truths into both gameplay and the story ) , but most of all I really , really , really love the cast of characters .
They are fully-realized three-dimensional people , with loves and fears that are age and culturally appropriate for Japanese teenagers . When it comes to discussing social issues in Persona 4 , most people bring up Kanji Tatsumi 's sexuality or Naoto Shirogane 's gender identity issues ( more on those to come ) .
In recent ruminations ( read : excessive squeeing ) over the cast of Persona 4 , I realised that there is another point lurking in the background that I could n't remember anybody addressing . Each of the four female party members ( Chie Satonaka , Yukiko Amagi , Rise Kujikawa and Naoto Shirogane ) have very different relationships with the cultural concept of femininity .
In many ways it 's the defining attribute of their characters , the core from which the rest of their lives emanate , and their characters are formed . Whether or not this is fair , given that Kanji is the only one of the boys to be defined by their turbulent relationship with the cultural construct of masculinity , is open for debate . And not the point of this article .
Chie Satonaka is the first of the four female characters in question that we meet . Shortly after introducing themselves to the player character ( hereafter referred to by their canon name ‘ Yu Narukami ' ) we learn that they are a fan of martial arts when Yosuke attempts to return a DVD to them Then we are introduced to the game-running joke of Chie loving to eat , with large quantities of meat being preferable . Though hardly strange in and of itself , there are two points we can extract from this . One is that in anime , such traits are normally indicative of a male character , usually of the ‘ shounen hero ' or ‘ boisterous bruiser/comic relief ' archetypes . The second is in how this contrasts to their best friend Yukiko , a character who is much more in line with the traditional Japanese image of femininity .
The duality of the two characters and how each is secretly jealous of the other is central to the manifestations of their Shadows . Chie is jealous of the attention that Yukiko gets as a result of their beauty and femininity , and secretly enjoys being the person on whom Yukiko relies . Their relationship , as explained by their respective Shadows , is a dark and twisted bond of mutual jealousy and co-dependency . But when we see the two interacting in the real world after these revelations , we see an ordinary ( if close ) friendship between two people . From this we can insinuate that what poisoned their relationship for a time was their struggle with their own femininity . Chie , jealous of Yukiko 's popularity among boys and Yukiko , jealous of how unfettered by heavily ingrained notions of femininity Chie seems .
If Chie is somebody on the outside looking in , then Yukiko is someone on the inside looking out . They quite neatly embodies the concept of ‘ Yamato Nadeshiko ' , a somewhat outdated view of the ideal Japanese woman . The term literally means “ Japanese Flower ” , and is similar to the phrase “ English Rose ” in that both are descriptions of beauty that herald images of a bygone age . Unlike the English Rose however , Yamato Nadeshiko brings certain behavioural expectations to mind as well . One is expected to be shy , reserved , pale , beautiful and dutiful . In embodying these traits , Yukiko is thought of well by their parents , academically successful and widely admired by the boys at their high school . In many ways , it seems the ideal setup for a high school student . But that 's not how Yukiko views things .
The same construct that affords their such adulation leaves them feeling confined and isolated . Yukiko has no interest in being desirable to the boys at their school , and their reserved nature has become passivity . I parents simply expect them to inherit the family business , something Yukiko is n't sure they want to do . It 's in this area that Yukiko is jealous of Chie . They perceive Chie as being free from many of the social constraints they feel beholden to , and an active participant in the determination of their own life course .
When we see Yukiko 's Persona , we are shown the extent of these internalised thoughts and emotions . Them Shadow self-identifies as a Princess awaiting their ‘ knight ' , and specifically includes Chie in this classification . Yukiko has had their passivity so ingrained that they no longer feels able to take any action herself . True enough , it 's not until Yu , Yosuke and Chie rescue them and they are welcomed into the decidedly active Investigation Team that Yukiko begins to take initiative in their personal life .
Rise is , in some ways , the simplest of the four when it comes to their relationship with femininity . Which of course means they are the most complicated in other ways . According to their expository dialogue , Rise was once something of a misfit , never finding their place in the tangled social web that is school . A relative secretly entered them into a competition and they became an ‘ idol ' . ( Young women or teenagers trained in a number of performance arts such as singing , acting , modelling etc . and then sponsored and marketed by corporations as a ready made celebrity . Think Disney starlets like Miley Cyrus or Selina Gomez . ) With this , they found fame and adulation as Risette , but lost their own sense of identity along the way .
They are the most typically ‘ girly ' , as we would understand it in the West . Rise loves clothes shopping and fashion and is full of adorable giggles and squees . On the surface , Rise does n't seem to mind their lot in life . We see several times that they are comfortable both with their own body and with others seeing it . She 's the only one of the girls not to object to being a participant in the “ Miss Yasogami ” beauty pageant , or in its last minute swimsuit competition . Likewise , when the group gets individual physicals to ascertain the TV World is n't harming them , Rise has no problem announcing that their physical measurements are on their website and that Yosuke does n't need to resort to skullduggery to get them from their chart .
In their Social Link , however , Rise shows a fear that they do n't know who the real them is any more , and how much of their behaviour is simply mannerisms they have picked up from their Risette identity . In other words , Rise themselves is concerned that the forceful imposition of feminine traits onto them is obliterating their personality and individuality in thorough and irreparable ways . In some ways , this is like Yukiko 's situation . Two girls , both defined by other in terms of how well they conform to preconceived notions of how they should look and act .
And at last , we come to Naoto . They are a prodigious teenage detective , trying to be taken seriously by the thoroughly male dominated police force of Japan . In order to do so , they disguise their biological sex and presents as male . Whether Naoto is truly a trans * person or not is a very big and difficult question that I do n't feel equipped to tackle . In all honesty , I 'm not entirely sure which set of pronouns I should even use to refer to Naoto .
But what I do feel I can talk about briefly is how Naoto faces the opposite problem of Rise and Yukiko . Though they still feel isolated and confused , Naoto 's feelings come from an utter rejection of femininity . As the last character to join , Naoto remains somewhat unexplored . Perhaps the most telling scene is in the romantic version of their final Social Link scene where they feel comfortable enough around the player to wear a female school uniform , instead of the male uniform they habitually wear . In the Japanese version they also use feminine pronouns to refer to herself , whereas in the English version they use their natural , slightly higher speaking voice . Perhaps it is through their relationship with Yu that Naoto begins to find a way to explore their long denied feminine side . Or perhaps they feel it necessary to perform a more feminine gender identity when engaging in what is a biologically heterosexual romance .
What I suspect is the main reason that these personal narratives have remained so unexplored is also the reason I 'm so intrigued by and fond of them . They simply exist . They inform and , at some points , drive the characters , but are mostly ancillary . Chie and Naoto do n't get whisked off by Rise for girly shopping montages , Rise does n't denounce the Idol industry , there 's no straw feminist message for Yukiko to “ stand up for herself ” . The game offers no judgement on these characters , or the developments ( if any ) that these characters experience with regard to their relationships with femininity .
I hope that other people take up studying and analysing these issues in more depth . As much as I love them , I feel woefully under-equipped to truly progress any further with them on my own . But if the internet has taught me anything , there 's always somebody out there who can take your point and explore it much more intelligently and masterfully than you can .
CLOSE Gov . Rick Scott and Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez are urging residents up and down Florida 's Interstate 95 corridor to start preparing for `` direct impacts '' of Hurricane Matthew . ( Oct. 4 ) AP
Buy Photo Joe Gervais of Palm Bay , picks up water for the City of Indialantic , where they work . ( Photo : Tim Shortt , FLORIDA TODAY ) Buy Photo Story Highlights BPS K-12 schools open today , closed Thursday and Friday .
Eastern Florida closed today at noon through Sunday .
Florida Tech closed today at 1 p.m. through Monday .
All UCF campuses closed 3 p.m. Wednesday through Sunday .
Schools will be closed Thursday and Friday due to Hurricane Matthew , Brevard Public Schools announced Tuesday night .
Schools will remain open on Wednesday , a regularly scheduled early release day . A mandatory evacuation was issued Tuesday night for the barrier islands , but this will not affect release times . Elementary schools will get out at 1:30 p.m. , middle schools at 2:30 p.m. and high schools at 3:30 p.m .
All extracurricular activities and child care programs Wednesday night through the weekend , apart from after-school care Wednesday night , are also canceled . Schools are expected to reopen Monday morning .
Classrooms teachers are permitted to leave school as soon as their students are dismissed Wednesday , district teachers can leave at 2:30 p.m. and after school child care workers can leave as soon as services end at 6 p.m. All other employees are expected to work their normal day .
Several schools will be used as shelters if emergency services instruct residents to evacuate . Those schools include Mims Elementary , Imperial Estates Elementary , Manatee Elementary , Sherwood Elementary , Meadowlane Intermediate Elementary and Bayside High School .
The Category 4 storm is forecast to brush very close to Brevard 's coast , beginning Thursday night . Even so , some of Wednesday 's National Walk to School events at Golfview Elementary , Stone Middle , University Park , Central Middle and Cambridge Elementary were postponed as a precaution . Walks at Columbia Elementary , Eau Gallie High , Enterprise Elementary , Jackson Middle , Longleaf Elementary , Manatee Elementary , Riviera Elementary , Roosevelt Elementary , Sea Park Elementary , Tropical Elementary , West Melbourne Elementary , Westside Elementary and Williams Elementary happened as planned .
This weekend is also homecoming for Astronaut High , Merritt Island High , Eau Gallie High and Cocoa High . At Astronaut , Saturday 's homecoming dance has been moved to Oct. 15 and Thursday 's homecoming parade and bonfire — the school 's first in more than 30 years — has been tentatively rescheduled for Oct. 20 .
Logistics for other homecoming parades and dances remain up in the air , although football games have already been rescheduled .
Dawn Melcher , spokesperson for Brevard and Volusia Catholic Schools , said Catholic schools in Brevard will follow the directions of the public school board . Those schools include Ascension , Melbourne Central and Our Lady of Lourdes in Melbourne , Holy Name of Jesus in Mims , St. Mary 's in Rockledge , St. Teresa in Titusville , Saint Joseph in Palm Bay , Our Saviour in Cocoa Beach and Divine Mercy in Merritt Island .
Colleges and universities
Eastern Florida State College announced Wednesday morning that all four of its campuses will close at noon on Wednesday , due to the mandatory evacuation . All classes and events are canceled then through Sunday , and expected to resume Monday morning .
All # EFSC campuses closing today @ noon to facilitate prep for a mandatory evacuation beginning @ 3PM for barrier islands , MI & flood areas . — Eastern Florida ( @ EasternFlorida ) October 5 , 2016
University of Central Florida satellite campuses in Cocoa and Palm Bay will follow suit and also close Wednesday at noon . Sign up for Titan Text Alerts here .
The Florida Institute of Technology also announced Wednesday morning that the campus will close today at 1 p.m. through Sunday . The university will reopen Tuesday morning , following its Columbus Day holiday .
Only essential employees will be notified by their supervisors and asked to report to work during these times .
Students living on campus will be alerted through the Florida Tech website , Residence Life staff and the campus safety alert system if they need to evacuate to the school 's assigned shelter at Meadowlane Intermediate Schools . However , students are advised to make arrangements with family and friends now .
Evacuated students without transportation can use the shuttle service , provided by the Dean of Students Office . Bus schedules will be posted at the Panther Dining Hall , residential facilities and Campus Security . Sign up for Florida Tech university alerts here .
The University of Central Florida in Orlando announced Wednesday that its main campus will close today at 3 p.m. and remain closed through Friday . The Rosen College of Hospitality Management , College of Medicine in Lake Nona and downtown offices will follow the same procedure .
Satellite campuses in Cocoa and Palm will follow EFSC procedures and close today at noon through Sunday . The Knights ' game against Tulane scheduled for Friday has been moved to Nov. 5.All satellite campuses will be closed by 10 p.m. Wednesday through Sunday .
# UCFPD Chief Richard Beary says :
1 ) Monitor the weather .
2 ) No selfies outside .
3 ) Do n't be a hero .
Be safe during # HurricaneMatthew . pic.twitter.com/RVQi45sYdB — UCF Police Dept . ( @ UCFPolice ) October 5 , 2016
“ The safety of our students , faculty and staff , and visitors was paramount in our decision to close , ” said UCF President John C. Hitt in a release . “ We urge everyone in our UCF family to take precautions so they and their loved ones are fully prepared for the storm . ”
Students who live in Rosen , Towers , Northview , Knights Circle and Pointe at Central can ride out the storm in their residences , however , the university recommends students make arrangements to stay with friends or family now . Students living in Greek houses , Lake Claire , Neptune , Apollo , Libra , Nike and Hercules must relocate to ride-out locations on campus by 7 p.m. Thursday . Lake Claire residents go to the Nicholson School of Communication , Greek housing and Neptune residents go to Health and Public Affairs I , Apollo residents and those with special needs go to Mathematical Sciences , and Libra , Nike and Hercules residents go to Classroom I .
For those who need transportation to ride-out locations , shuttles will be at the Black and Gold shuttle stops from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m ..
To subscribe to weather bulletins for the UCF area , email listserv @ listserv.cc.ucf.edu with “ subscribe OEM-NOTICE ” in the body of the message and the subject line blank . Sign up for UCF alerts here .
FLORIDA TODAY is monitoring the weather and will continue to update its impact on Brevard schools .
Download FLORIDA TODAY 's Hurricane Hub app for latest hurricane updates : iPhone | Android
Contact Glenn at caglenn @ floridatoday.com or 321-576-5933 , and follow them on Twitter @ bycarolineglenn and like `` Education at Florida Today '' on Facebook .
Brevard Public Schools weather updates on Twitter and Facebook
Florida Tech weather updates on Twitter and Facebook
Eastern Florida State College weather updates on Twitter and Facebook
UCF weather updates on Twitter and Facebook
Read or Share this story : http : //on.flatoday.com/2dZ90oH
Stay United and carry on
Hi everyone ,
Writing to you after a defeat is rather unusual this season , that 's the truth . We were on a very positive run of results , but this weekend we did n't play a good game and we came back home with no points . We knew this moment would arrive sooner or later , although that 's something you never wish , of course . Now it 's time to learn from mistakes and keep going , as we always do , showing that the team sticks together when things do n't go so well , which is when we need it most . Since the European Super Cup last summer we 've been performing really well against all kind of opponents . Last Saturday , though , Huddersfield played their cards better than us and took the three points . All we have to do now is congratulate them and carry on ; this is a not a sprint but a marathon and there 's still a long way to go .
Let 's not forget that before that game we had got a solid win in Lisbon . We defeated a very good rival as Benfica , a team with plenty of experience in the Champions League . Standing on top of the group with nine points is something that definitely gives us confidence , and it says that we are doing well in many aspects . Obviously the list of fixtures is very demanding , and our global result this season will depend on how we combine the different competitions we 're in .
This week , for instance , we have two more games . On Tuesday we 're back to the Carabao Cup . It 's against Swansea , a Premier League side , and we play away from home so it 's going to be a tough game but we are the reigning champions and we will try our best to win and keep moving forward .
There 's another big game on the weekend , this time against Tottenham . We go back to Old Trafford after three games as visitors and it 's a very important match . They 're one of the most difficult teams to beat in the Premiership and also in the Champions League . It 's a key game for us to show again all the virtues we have been talking about over the last two months .
I 'm leaving you now . I hope next Monday we can talk about very positive news . As I said before , it 's time to show that last Saturday 's slip-up is an isolated case , and that we remain in the same good direction we took at the beginning of the season .
Hugs ,
I have a feeling that if you asked a child what sweetbreads are , and then asked a chef , you 'd get wildly varying answers . The word “ sweetbread ” first popped up in the 1500s , and it 's hard to tell what part of the animal they were referring to : historians generally agree that it 's likely the thymus gland or pancreas . Today , the word is often used for many small organs , from the sublingual gland to ( gasp ! ) the testicle . Common sense assumes that these glands were eaten regularly throughout history , and was probably highly sought after due to their rarity ( in relation to the rest of the food you get from an animal ) and delicacy .
When my friends at US Wellness Meats offered to send me some of their lamb sweetbreads to try , I jumped at the opportunity ; I had n't made them at home before , and I was up for a challenge . It turns out that they are relatively simple to make , they just take a little finesse and patience . To fill out the dish , I wanted to add something hearty and filling ( cauliflower purée ) , something sweet ( a pear reduction sauce ) , and a firm texture to make sure the dish did n't turn out to “ mushy ” and to add a sharper taste to everything ( spring greens tossed in balsamic vinaigrette ) . It all turned out beautifully .
Serves four
for the sweetbreads :
1 lb lamb sweetbreads
1/4 cup apple cider vinegar
1/3 cup coconut flour
1/2 tsp each salt , pepper , paprika
4 tbsp duck fat , lard , or ghee
for the apple/pear reduction sauce :
1 cup apple cider
2 golden pears , diced ( seeds removed )
1 dash each ground cinnamon and nutmeg
for everything else :
1 batch cauliflower purée
2 large handfuls spring greens
1 tsp balsamic vinaigrette
1/4 tsp fresh cracked pepper
Gently rinse the sweetbreads , then soak in cold water for an hour , changing the water after 30 minutes .
As the sweetbreads soak , let 's get your apple/pear sauce ready . Dice your pears and remove the seeds , then combine the cider , pear , cinnamon , and nutmeg in a small pot .
Bring to a boil then reduce the heat to low , and simmer for one hour .
After an hour , the pears will be pretty soft and mushy . Using a whisk or an immersion blender , blend the sauce until it 's smooth . Near the end of this recipe you 'll want to increase the heat to medium to reduce and thicken the sauce , but I 'll remind you about it when the time is right .
Meanwhile , your sweetbreads are ready for some action . Fill a pot with water ( about 2 quarts ) , add the vinegar , and bring to a boil . Add the sweetbreads , then immediately reduce the heat to low – let the sweetbreads sit in the hot water for six minutes ( it probably wo n't start simmering in that amount of time ) , then drain .
Immediately drop the sweetbreads in ice water and let them cool for five minutes .
Once the sweetbreads are cool , you 'll want to trim them of any fat , peel off any membrane you find , and slice into smaller pieces . In general , I recommend slicing them into pieces that are no larger than two bites – anything bigger than that is somewhat unappealing .
Lastly , mix your coconut flour with the salt , pepper , and paprika , then dust the sweetbreads with the flour . Sauté in your fat of choice ( I used duck fat ) until golden brown and crispy , about three minutes per side . Be sure to sauté them in batches , and put the cooked sweetbreads on some paper towels to drain , and keep them somewhere warm ( an unused oven will do the trick ) .
While sautéing the sweetbreads , it 's also a good time to start reducing your apple/pear sauce – to do so , simply increase the heat to medium and keep an eye on it – you want it to reduce by about half , and get to the consistency of applesauce . Should only take a few minutes . Once it 's there , turn the heat back down to low .
Once the sweetbreads are ready , toss your spring greens with the vinaigrette and crushed black pepper and set aside .
To serve , spoon some warm cauliflower purée onto a plate , add some greens , then the sweetbreads , and finally spoon some apple/pear sauce on top . Serve immediately .
Printer-friendly version
The SIGGRAPH conferences continue to be a place of learning for me , and the 2011 conference was no exception . On the last day of the conference , I managed to squeeze in a meeting with Imagination Technologies to learn about their PowerVR graphics chip , and what 's new with them . For those unfamiliar with these GPUs , this will make a perfect introduction to them .
Personally , I did n't really know much about either ImgTec or PowerVR . I 've heard plenty about AMD and NVIDIA GPUs , but I 've always taken mobile graphics for granted without taking the time to learn what was running under the hood . And let me tell you , there 's quite a lot of muscle purring beneath today 's mobile devices .
Here 's the skinny : Imagination Technologies used to make PC GPUs back in the 3DFX days . Like many players in the market at the time , as technologies like OpenGL and Direct3D accelerated the graphics market , the PowerVR line was squeezed out of the competition . However , PowerVR adapted by finding itself a nice niche as a powerful yet energy-sipping solution , perfect for battery-dependent mobile devices . Fast forward , and today PowerVR chips are in a vast majority of hand-held gadgets , including the upcoming PlayStation Vita .
It is important to note that ImgTec are not themselves a hardware manufacturer . Instead , they design the PowerVR spec , and the designs and patents are licensed out to other companies such as Intel , Samsung , and Apple , usually working directly with these companies . There , they are often incorporated along with the CPU and other components into a system-on-a-chip , or SoC . This tiny footprint is what helps make petite-yet-powerful smartphones , tablets , and game systems .
Now that all know a bit more about PowerVR , let 's take a look at it in action : gaming , in all its 3D real-time rendering glory . I have to say , OpenGL games running with PowerVR look stunning , even on the petite display of a smartphone .
To really show what It 's capable of , the guys at ImgTec were running GLBenchmark 2.5 , which ranks devices by performance . This pushes systems with reflections , blooms , lighting , bump mapping , and complex 3D models ( Ed . note : Here 's a great explanation of 3D jargon if you do n't know what bump mapping is ) . While there will always be a tradeoff between complexity and smooth framerate , there was still enough sexy to be had to leave me impressed .
The one thing that the ImgTec rep was proud to explain to me was how PowerVR is unusual in how it renders out a scene . Using a process called Tile Based Deferred Rendering ( TBDR ) , the screen is divided into tiles . In each tile , the GPU determines what is visible , and only draws what is actually seen . That way , rendering is done more efficiently , conserving battery life .
But PowerVR is n't just used for handsets and gaming . It is implemented in many other devices , such as Electronic Program Guides , or EPGs . Basically , these are the guides found on satellite , cable , and DVR set-top boxes . While usually dull and clunky , I was shown a sample EPG that used a silky-smooth 3D-animated interface . While an EPG with 3D graphical elements may seem like overkill , it felt like a breath of fresh air to me . It was simply more fun to use , and certainly more inspiring to look at compared to standard EPGs . I want this in my living room .
Looking to the future , ImgTec is dabbling with stereo 3D displays . Regardless of your opinion of gadgets with stereoscopic displays , PowerVR supports them . Demoing a phone with a Masterimage glasses-free stereoscopic parallax display , the GPU deftly handled the additional taxing from the dual images . The device also had some kind of switching optical barrier that allowed the phone to turn and used both in portrait and landscape mode while preserving the 3D effect . And fortunately , for those inclined , the system has a 3D effect intensity slider similar to Nintendo 3DS .
Finally , the next generation of the PowerVR platform is dubbed “ Rogue ” . It brings yet more performance . Also , Rogue has better handling support for multi-GPU setups . This spells good for Imagination Technologies—while they currently hold the dominant market share , they now have NVIDIA 's budding Tegra 2 solution to contend with .
Overall , I walked away from the Imagination Technologies booth feeling good about PowerVR . I 'm shocked I came this far knowing so little about it , considering the significance of this company in today 's gadget marketplace . Regardless , it was delightful to finally learn the brains behind much of today 's handheld graphics , where it 's been , and where it 's going . And man , does it look ever so shiny ! To see some of the technical demos I saw , check out their Demo Room .
CRANBERRY , Pa. -- Pittsburgh Penguins center Sidney Crosby has been diagnosed with a concussion and will miss Game 4 of the Eastern Conference Second Round against the Washington Capitals on Wednesday , coach Mike Sullivan said Tuesday .
`` He will go through the protocols that we always put our guys through when they 've been diagnosed with a concussion , '' Sullivan said . `` You know , the nature of these things is they 're all very different . Sometimes they come around quickly . Other times they do n't . My experience of dealing with these in the past with players is that they 're day-to-day things .
`` So we rely on our medical staff to advise us in the right way , and our guys do a great job in that regard . ''
Crosby was injured when they were cross-checked in the head by Capitals defenseman Matt Niskanen 5:24 into the first period of a 3-2 overtime loss in Game 3 on Monday .
After remaining down for a few minutes , Crosby was helped to their feet by teammates Ron Hainsey and Patric Hornqvist and glided off the ice hunched over before heading to the locker room .
Crosby 's left knee appeared to buckle under them after initial contact from Alex Ovechkin that caused them to begin falling before Niskanen hit him , but Sullivan confirmed there was no injury to Crosby 's lower body .
Video : Sullivan announces Crosby out with a concussion
Niskanen received a five-minute major for cross-checking and a game misconduct .
The Penguins , who lead the best-of-7 series 2-1 with Game 4 att PPG Paints Arena ( 7:30 p.m . ET ; NBCSN , CBC , TVA Sports ) , will also be without right wing Conor Sheary for Game 4 after they sustained a concussion in a collision with Hornqvist in the second period of Game 3 .
Sullivan said Sheary skated on their own before an optional practice Tuesday as part of the concussion protocol and will continue to be evaluated . Crosby did not skate but was at UPMC Lemieux Sports Complex on Tuesday , and Sullivan said they were in good spirits .
`` He 's very upbeat and he 's very positive , '' Sullivan said . `` We 're very optimistic , and we 're hopeful that we 'll get them back in a timely fashion . ''
Seeing Crosby seemed to alleviate some of their teammates ' concerns .
`` He seems good , '' goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury said . `` He was very encouraging towards us for [ the Penguins ' play in Game 3 ] . ''
The Penguins were already missing defenseman Kris Letang following season-ending neck surgery and goaltender Matt Murray , who sustained a lower-body injury in warmups before Game 1 of their first-round series against the Columbus Blue Jackets .
But losing Crosby , who won the Conn Smythe Trophy when the Penguins won the Stanley Cup last season and is a finalist for the Hart Trophy this season , is their biggest blow . They have 11 points ( four goals , seven assists ) in eight Stanley Cup Playoff games .
`` Definitely that 's a tough one , '' Fleury said . `` He 's obviously our best player . He 's our captain , he 's our leader . You ca n't replace him , but I think we 've shown over the season that whenever a good guy is not there that the other guys have to step up , and we 're lucky to have some depth on our team and I think we have enough to win games . ''
Because of Crosby 's history of concussions , it is always a concern when they are diagnosed with another one . They missed the first six games of this season with a concussion they sustained during a preseason practice . They also missed 101 regular-season games between the 2010-11 and 2011-12 seasons because of concussion-related issues .
Crosby experienced concussion symptoms after taking hits in consecutive games Jan. 1 , 2011 against the Capitals and Jan. 5 , 2011 against the Tampa Bay Lightning , and missed the remainder of the 2010-11 season , the 2011 Stanley Cup Playoffs and the first 20 games of 2011-12 . They returned to the lineup Nov. 21 , 2011 , but played eight games before a recurrence of concussion symptoms sidelined them until March 15 , 2012 .
Video : WSH @ PIT , Gm3 : Crosby exits with injury early in 1st
So seeing Crosby down on the ice after being hit by Niskanen was difficult .
`` That 's a tough moment for sure , '' Fleury said . `` I care a lot about him , about my teammates , and we 've been friends for a long time . I know he 's always very devoted to the team and always working out there . So we just hope they feel better soon and see them smile again . ''
Fleury , the only Penguins player remaining from before Crosby 's rookie season of 2005-06 , recalled how Crosby supported them when had a concussion that caused them to miss the start of the playoffs last season .
`` He was great , '' Fleury said . `` He 's been through it , so I think they know a lot [ about ] what goes through your mind at that point and they were great at helping me out and relaxing me , just getting through . He 's a good friend . That was nice of him . ''
Wo n't it be amazing to have a president in this country that does n't make you cringe when they speak ? Obama spoke yesterday before a crowd of 12,900 in Richmond , Virginia .
There are no real or fake parts of this country . We are not separated by the pro-America and anti-America parts of this nation – we all love this country , no matter where we live or where we come from . There are patriots who supported this war in Iraq and patriots who opposed it ; patriots who believe in Democratic policies and those who believe in Republican policies . The men and women from Virginia and all across America who serve on our battlefields may be Democrats and Republicans and Independents , but they have fought together and bled together and some died together under the same proud flag . They have not served a Red America or a Blue America – they have served the United States of America .
We have always been at our best when we 've had leadership that called us to look past our differences and come together as one nation , as one people ; leadership that rallied this entire country to a common purpose – to a higher purpose . And I am running for President of the United States of America because that is the country we need to be right now .
This country and the dream it represents are being tested in a way that we have n't seen in nearly a century . And future generations will judge ours by how we respond to this test . Will they say that this was a time when America lost its way and its purpose ? When we allowed the same divisions and fear tactics and our own petty differences to plunge this country into a dark and painful recession ?
Or will they say that this was another one of those moments when America overcame ? When we battled back from adversity by recognizing that common stake that we have in each other 's success ?
This is one of those moments . I realize you 're cynical and fed up with politics . I understand that you 're disappointed and even angry with your leaders . You have every right to be . But despite all of this , I ask of you what 's been asked of the American people in times of trial and turmoil throughout our history . I ask you to believe – to believe in yourselves , in each other , and in the future we can build together .
Former Vice President Al Gore 's visit to Portland today and tomorrow has prompted some Nobel Peace Prize thoughts , and in Oregon the idea of nominating a Northwesterner . The prospect shot around the Portland-area Linux circles ( drawing some debate as well as approval as it did ) , starting with this email from Keith Lofstrom :
Since the Nobel Peace Prize is often given to politicians , some disagree with the choices . But it is often given to non-politicians who create international efforts to change the world for the better .
Look at the massive international efforts represented by SC09 , and realize that much of it started from the work of a 21 [ -year-old ] Finnish college student named after 1962 Nobel Peace Prize winner Linus Pauling . It would be fitting to honor that international effort by giving a Peace Prize to Linus Torvalds , perhaps in 2011 on the 20th anniversary of the August 1991 Linux announcement , or in 2012 on the 50th anniversary of Pauling 's award .
Linux is one of the largest cooperative international efforts ever undertaken . It inspired Ubuntu , One Laptop Per Child , and many other global projects . Linux conquered the supercomputer space , the server space , the embedded computer space – by peaceful means ! Linux helped sequence the human genome , helps protect the world computer infrastructure from viral attack , and is now the pathway for millions to learn computer programming and participate in new international efforts .
The 2007 Nobel Peace Prize recipient ( a politician some disagree with , please disagree in a different thread , thanks ) is giving the keynote to SC09 as I write this . Meaning that we are all three handshakes away from the people that decide on future Peace Prizes . Perhaps it is time to launch some messages through our connections and see what makes it to the committee meetings in Oslo .
According to the list on Wikipedia , the five people to convince are Thorbjørn Jagland ( chair ) , Kaci Kullmann Five ( deputy chair ) , Sissel Rønbeck , Inger-Marie Ytterhorn , and Ågot Valle . We can start by sending them Norsk language Ubuntu disks .
While I imagine Linus Torvalds would be embarrassed by the attention , it would sure make their parents happy . And it would mean one less Peace Prize for a politician .
Software Engineering
By Hector Castro on December 6th , 2017
At Azavea , we use Amazon Elastic MapReduce ( EMR ) quite a bit to drive batch GeoTrellis workflows with Apache Spark . Across all of that usage , we 've accumulated many ways to provision a cluster .
Bash scripts driving the AWS CLI
Python code using the Boto 3 EMR module
JSON/YAML templates submitted to CloudFormation
Missing from that list is Terraform , a tool for building , changing , and combining infrastructure . Although we use Terraform across many of our projects to manage other AWS resources , we have n't used it to manage EMR clusters because it was lacking spot pricing support for instance groups . When spot pricing support landed in an official release toward the end of September 2017 , we decided to encapsulate all of the resources required to launch an Amazon EMR cluster into a reusable Terraform module .
Terraform Modules
Modules in Terraform are units of Terraform configuration managed as a group . For example , an Amazon EMR module needs configuration for an Amazon EMR cluster resource , but it also needs multiple security groups , IAM roles , and an instance profile .
$ terraform state list | grep `` module.emr '' | sort module.emr.aws_emr_cluster.cluster module.emr.aws_iam_instance_profile.emr_ec2_instance_profile module.emr.aws_iam_policy_document.ec2_assume_role module.emr.aws_iam_policy_document.emr_assume_role module.emr.aws_iam_role.emr_ec2_instance_profile module.emr.aws_iam_role.emr_service_role module.emr.aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.emr_ec2_instance_profile module.emr.aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.emr_service_role module.emr.aws_security_group.emr_master module.emr.aws_security_group.emr_slave
Why encapsulate all of the necessary configuration into a reusable module ? Because when you 're trying to make use of EMR , you do n't care about all the complexity these companion resources bring—you care about the program you 're about to run on EMR .
Terraform Module Components
On a fundamental level , Terraform modules consist of inputs , outputs , and Terraform configuration . Inputs feed configuration , and when configuration gets evaluated , it computes outputs that can route into other workflows .
Inputs
Inputs are variables we provide to a module in order for it to do its thing . Currently , the EMR module has the following variables :
$ grep `` variable '' variables.tf | cut -d\ '' -f2 | sort applications bootstrap_args bootstrap_name bootstrap_uri configurations environment instance_groups key_name log_uri name project release_label subnet_id vpc_id
Variables like project and environment are consistent across Azavea maintained modules , and mainly get used for tags . Others , like release_label , instance_groups , and configurations , are essential for the EMR cluster resource .
Configuration
As inputs come in , they get layered into the data source and resource configurations listed above . Below are examples of each data source or resource type used in the EMR cluster module , along with some detail around its use .
Identity and Access Management ( IAM )
An aws_iam_policy_document is a declarative way to assemble IAM policy objects in Terraform . Here , it is being used to create a trust relationship for an IAM role such that the EC2 service can assume the associated role and make AWS API calls on our behalf .
data `` aws_iam_policy_document '' `` ec2_assume_role '' { statement { effect = `` Allow '' principals { type = `` Service '' identifiers = [ `` ec2.amazonaws.com '' ] } actions = [ `` sts : AssumeRole '' ] } }
An aws_iam_role resource encapsulates trust relationships and permissions . For EMR , one role associates with the EMR service itself , while the other associates with the EC2 instances that make up the compute capacity for the EMR cluster . Linking the trust relationship policy above with a new IAM role is demonstrated below .
resource `` aws_iam_role '' `` emr_ec2_instance_profile '' { name = `` $ { var.environment } JobFlowInstanceProfile '' assume_role_policy = `` $ { data.aws_iam_policy_document.ec2_assume_role.json } '' }
To connect permissions with an IAM role , there is an aws_iam_role_policy_attachment resource . In this case , we 're using a canned policy ( referenced via Amazon Resource Name , or ARN ) supplied by AWS . This policy comes close to providing a kitchen sink 's worth of permissions ( S3 , DynamoDB , SQS , SNS , etc . ) to the role .
resource `` aws_iam_role_policy_attachment '' `` emr_ec2_instance_profile '' { role = `` $ { aws_iam_role.emr_ec2_instance_profile.name } '' policy_arn = `` arn : aws : iam : :aws : policy/service-role/AmazonElasticMapReduceforEC2Role '' }
Finally , there is aws_iam_instance_profile , which is a container for an IAM role that passes itself to an EC2 instance when the instance starts . This type of resource is only necessary when associating a role with an EC2 instance , not other AWS services .
resource `` aws_iam_instance_profile '' `` emr_ec2_instance_profile '' { name = `` $ { aws_iam_role.emr_ec2_instance_profile.name } '' role = `` $ { aws_iam_role.emr_ec2_instance_profile.name } '' }
Security Groups
Security groups house firewall rules for compute resources in a cluster . This module creates two security groups without rules . Rules are automatically populated by the EMR service ( to support cross-node communication ) , but you can also grab a handle to the security group via its ID and add more rules through the aws_security_group_rule resource .
resource `` aws_security_group '' `` emr_master '' { vpc_id = `` $ { var.vpc_id } '' revoke_rules_on_delete = true tags { Name = `` sg $ { var.name } Master '' Project = `` $ { var.project } '' Environment = `` $ { var.environment } '' } }
A special thing to note here is the usage of revoke_rules_on_delete . This setting ensures that all the remaining rules contained inside a security group are removed before deletion . This is important because EMR creates cyclic security group rules ( rules with other security groups referenced ) , which prevent security groups from deleting gracefully .
EMR Cluster
Last , but not least , is the aws_emr_cluster resource . As you can see , almost all the module variables are being used in this resource .
resource `` aws_emr_cluster '' `` cluster '' { name = `` $ { var.name } '' release_label = `` $ { var.release_label } '' applications = `` $ { var.applications } '' configurations = `` $ { var.configurations } '' ec2_attributes { key_name = `` $ { var.key_name } '' subnet_id = `` $ { var.subnet_id } '' emr_managed_master_security_group = `` $ { aws_security_group.emr_master.id } '' emr_managed_slave_security_group = `` $ { aws_security_group.emr_slave.id } '' instance_profile = `` $ { aws_iam_instance_profile.emr_ec2_instance_profile.arn } '' } instance_group = `` $ { var.instance_groups } '' bootstrap_action { path = `` $ { var.bootstrap_uri } '' name = `` $ { var.bootstrap_name } '' args = `` $ { var.bootstrap_args } '' } log_uri = `` $ { var.log_uri } '' service_role = `` $ { aws_iam_role.emr_service_role.arn } '' tags { Name = `` $ { var.name } '' Project = `` $ { var.project } '' Environment = `` $ { var.environment } '' } }
Most of the configuration is straightforward , except for instance_group . instance_group is a complex variable made up of a list of objects . Each object corresponds to a specific instance group type , of which there are three ( Masters , CORE , and TASK ) .
[ { name = `` MasterInstanceGroup '' instance_role = `` MASTER '' instance_type = `` m3.xlarge '' instance_count = `` 1 '' } , { name = `` CoreInstanceGroup '' instance_role = `` CORE '' instance_type = `` m3.xlarge '' instance_count = `` 2 '' bid_price = `` 0.30 '' } , ]
The MASTER instance group contains the head node in your cluster , or a group of head nodes with one elected leader via a consensus process . CORE usually contains nodes responsible for Hadoop Distributed File System ( HDFS ) storage , but more generally applies to instances you expect to stick around for the entire lifetime of your cluster . TASK instance groups are meant to be more ephemeral , so they do n't contain HDFS data , and by default do n't accommodate YARN ( resource manager for Hadoop clusters ) application master tasks .
Outputs
As configuration gets evaluated , resources compute values , and those values can be emitted from the module as outputs . These are typically IDs or DNS endpoints for resources within the module . In this case , we emit the cluster ID so that you can use it as an argument to out-of-band API calls , security group IDs so that you can add extra security group rules , and the head node FQDN so that you can use SSH to run commands or check status .
$ grep `` output '' outputs.tf | cut -d\ '' -f2 | sort id master_public_dns master_security_group_id name slave_security_group_id
Module Configuration
Creating an instance of a module is simple once the module source is up on GitHub or the Terraform Module Registry . But , before instantiating the module , we want to make sure that our AWS provider is properly configured . If you make use of named AWS credential profiles , then all you need to set in the provider block is a version and a region . Exporting AWS_PROFILE with the desired AWS credential profile name before invoking Terraform ensures that the underlying AWS SDK uses the right set of credentials .
provider `` aws '' { version = `` ~ > 1.2.0 '' region = `` us-east-1 '' }
From there , we create a module block with source set to the GitHub repository URL of a specific version ( Git tag ) of the terraform-aws-emr-cluster module .
module `` emr '' { source = `` github.com/azavea/terraform-aws-emr-cluster ? ref=0.1.1 '' name = `` BlogCluster '' vpc_id = `` vpc-2ls49630 '' release_label = `` emr-5.9.0 '' applications = [ `` Hadoop '' , `` Ganglia '' , `` Spark '' , ] configurations = `` $ { data.template_file.emr_configurations.rendered } '' key_name = `` blog-cluster '' subnet_id = `` subnet-8f29485g '' instance_groups = [ { name = `` MasterInstanceGroup '' instance_role = `` MASTER '' instance_type = `` m3.xlarge '' instance_count = `` 1 '' } , { name = `` CoreInstanceGroup '' instance_role = `` CORE '' instance_type = `` m3.xlarge '' instance_count = `` 2 '' bid_price = `` 0.30 '' } , ] bootstrap_name = `` runif '' bootstrap_uri = `` s3 : //elasticmapreduce/bootstrap-actions/run-if '' bootstrap_args = [ `` instance.isMaster=true '' , `` echo running on master node '' ] log_uri = `` s3n : //blog-global-logs-us-east-1/EMR/ '' project = `` Blog '' environment = `` Test '' }
Besides the EMR module , we also make use of a template_file resource to pull in a file containing the JSON required for EMR cluster configuration . Once retrieved , this resource renders the file contents ( we have no variables defined , so no actual templating is going to occur ) into the value of the configurations module variable .
provider `` template '' { version = `` ~ > 1.0.0 '' } data `` template_file '' `` emr_configurations '' { template = `` $ { file ( `` configurations/default.json '' ) } '' }
Finally , we want to add a few rules to the cluster security groups . For the head node security group , we want to open port 22 for SSH , and for both security groups we want to allow all egress traffic . As you can see , we 're able to do this via the available module.emr . * _security_group_id outputs .
resource `` aws_security_group_rule '' `` emr_master_ssh_ingress '' { type = `` ingress '' from_port = `` 22 '' to_port = `` 22 '' protocol = `` tcp '' cidr_blocks = [ `` 1.2.3.4/32 '' ] security_group_id = `` $ { module.emr.master_security_group_id } '' } resource `` aws_security_group_rule '' `` emr_master_all_egress '' { type = `` egress '' from_port = `` 0 '' to_port = `` 0 '' protocol = `` -1 '' cidr_blocks = [ `` 0.0.0.0/0 '' ] security_group_id = `` $ { module.emr.master_security_group_id } '' } resource `` aws_security_group_rule '' `` emr_slave_all_egress '' { type = `` egress '' from_port = `` 0 '' to_port = `` 0 '' protocol = `` -1 '' cidr_blocks = [ `` 0.0.0.0/0 '' ] security_group_id = `` $ { module.emr.slave_security_group_id } '' }
Taking the Module for a Spin
Once we have all the configuration above saved , we can use Terraform to create and destroy the cluster .
$ tree . ├── configurations │ └── default.json └── test.tf
First , we assemble a plan with the available configuration . These gives Terraform an opportunity to inspect the state of the world and determine exactly what it needs to do to make the world match our desired configuration .
$ terraform plan -out=test.tfplan
From here , we inspect the command output ( the infrastructure equivalent of a diff ) of all the data sources and resources Terraform plans to create , modify , or destroy . If that looks good , the next step is to apply the plan .
$ terraform apply test.tfplan ... Apply complete ! Resources : 11 added , 0 changed , 0 destroyed . Outputs : id = j-3UHI5QFY5ALNH master_public_dns = ec2-54-210-208-229.compute-1.amazonaws.com
Now that we 've got the head node FQDN , let 's SSH in and use the yarn CLI to ensure our cluster node count is accurate .
$ ssh -A -l hadoop ec2-54-210-208-229.compute-1.amazonaws.com [ hadoop @ ip-172-31-41-41 ~ ] $ yarn node -list | grep `` Total Nodes '' Total Nodes:2
Once we 're done with that , we 'll want to clean up all the AWS resources so that we do n't run up a huge bill .
$ terraform destroy ... Plan : 0 to add , 0 to change , 11 to destroy . Do you really want to destroy ? Terraform will destroy all your managed infrastructure , as shown above . There is no undo . Only 'yes ' will be accepted to confirm . Enter a value : yes ... Destroy complete ! Resources : 11 destroyed .
Conclusion
We think the terraform-aws-emr-cluster is off to a decent start , and we hope that it can successfully replace all our past approaches to provisioning EMR clusters . We also hope that this post helps folks make sense of Terraform modules , Amazon EMR , and our desire to combine the two to make our lives easier .
If you 're interested in learning more about Terraform , some really thorough guides exist within the official Terraform documentation . Also , Yevgeniy Brikman has done a great job assembling a comprehensive guide to Terraform on their company blog . If you 're interested in learning more about Amazon EMR , the official AWS documentation covers a ton of ground .
Lastly , if you 're a user of Amazon EMR and Terraform , and get an opportunity to make use of our module , please let us know what you think .
Two of the seven New Lodge tower blocks have been covered in cladding . Picture Mal McCann .
The Housing Executive has sought to reassure tenants in Belfast 's tower blocks in the wake of the London fire .
It said that cladding system used on two of the New Lodge 's high-rise flats were `` required to comply with the relevant fire safety regulations '' .
It came as a resident of one of the clad blocks in north Belfast said they are worried the flats are a `` disaster waiting to happen '' .
Dan McCullough , who has lived in Cuchulainn House for more than 20 years , said images of the inferno at Grenfell Tower , in north Kensington , have left residents of the New Lodge flats terrified .
Fire safety experts are already questioning whether cladding that was attached to the front of the west London tower block during a recent refurbishment may have accelerated the speed at which the flames spread .
Of the seven , 12-storey New Lodge tower blocks , two have undergone a recent refurbishment which included cladding being placed on the exterior of the flats .
Mr McCullough said that the flats have been plagued with maintenance problems and residents were terrified that if a fire broke out they 'd never be able to escape .
`` I 've been watching the news of the fire in London and the first thing I thought was , that could happen here '' , Mr McCullough said .
`` It 's is all any of the residents are talking about , we 've no security on the front office any more , the main door into the flats is broke .
`` There are old people who live here , some of the wee pensioners are on oxygen or on zimmer frames .
`` The only fire safety advice we 've been given is that a fire breaks out do n't use the lift , so how are the older residents meant to escape ?
`` I 've a 92-year-old aunt living in the other tower block that was also refurbished and they ca n't even open their own front door or windows '' , they added .
The cladding system used in the New Lodge tower blocks is called VinyTherm , an insulating material that has passed fire safety testing . It is not yet know if it is the same system used to clad the Kensington tower block .
Residents say it was attached to the 12 storey , tower block using sheets of plywood and are seeking reassurance that the flats are not vulnerable to a blaze similar to the Kensington block .
`` I watched the workmen attach that cladding '' , said Mr McCullough .
`` It was all attached to plywood , this entire block is covered in a layer of wood and then the cladding .
`` How can that be safe .
`` It 's a disaster waiting to happen , there 's no point carrying out inquiries after the fact when people are dead , the safety checks need carried out now and residents need to know they 're not at risk '' , they added .
A spokesperson for the Housing Executive said : `` We have robust fire safety regimes and carry out regular inspections in all of our 32 tower blocks .
“ In light of the fire in Grenfell , we are undertaking health and safety inspections of each block .
“ We are currently refurbishing three tower blocks in Belfast and completed one last year .
“ We want to reassure tenants that any cladding systems which have been installed or are being installed are required to comply with the relevant fire safety regulations . ''
China will remain a key engine of global economic growth for years to come , experts say , stressing that the country 's 700 cities are likely to generate 30 percent of global urban consumption growth by 2030 .
China 's urban population will become a locomotive of global growth , according to Chang Ka Mun , Managing Director of the Fung Business Intelligence Centre and Jaana Remes of the US-based McKinsey Global Institute .
The analysts stress that for the last 15 years , China has been `` a key engine of global growth '' and predict that sustainable economic growth — both in China and globally — `` will depend on urban Chinese consumers . ''
`` By 2030 , people living in cities will drive 91 % of global growth in consumption , and China is emphasizing both urbanization and a consumer-led growth model , '' Chang and Remes write in their article for Project-Syndicate.org .
Citing McKinsey Global Institute 's research , the analysts envision continuous growth in the number and income of urban consumers , forecasting that 700 Chinese cities will generate $ 7 trillion ( 30 percent ) of global urban consumption growth between now and 2030 .
The study envisages that the number of China 's working-age consumers ( 15-59-years ) which currently number 521 million , will grow by 20 percent , reaching 628 million people by 2030 .
`` They are expected to contribute around $ 4 trillion , or 18 percent , of urban consumption growth to 2030… Their average per capita consumption is expected to more than double from $ 4,800 per person annually to $ 10,700 . By 2030 , this group will spend 12 cents of every $ 1 of worldwide urban consumption , '' the study reads .
What is more important , however , is that Chinese urban consumers are inclined to spend more than previous generations , focusing on cutting-edge technology and using innovative platforms for buying goods .
`` In addition to driving further innovation , Chinese consumers — even those with relatively low incomes — are also investing heavily in the next generation , with 12.5 % of overall consumption growth expected to go to education between 2015 and 2030 , '' Chang and Remes underscore , highlighting that by investing in the skills of the next generation , Chinese consumers are laying the foundations of sustainable growth and innovation in the future .
According to the analysts , these developments are likely to push China to shift its economic model from production to consumption .
Remarkably , a recent International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) report indicates China 's changing trade patterns .
`` China has become the world 's largest trading nation and the center of the global supply chain . A negligible player in global trade just a few decades ago , China now accounts for more than 12 percent of world exports and 10 percent of world imports , more than any other single country , '' the report reads .
The report emphasizes that the country is currently `` moving up the value chain '' by `` onshoring the production of higher-value-added upstream products and moving into more sophisticated downstream products as well . ''
At the same time , with its wages soaring , China has started to exit lower-end and more labor intensive sectors .
`` These changes are taking place in the broader context of China 's rebalancing-away from exports and toward domestic demand , and within the latter , away from investment and toward consumption-and as a consequence , demand for some commodity imports is slowing , while consumption imports are slowly rising , '' the report stresses .
For their part , Longmei Zhang , an economist in the IMF 's Asia and Pacific Department , calls attention to the fact that the government of China has signaled its commitment to transform the economy into a `` greener , more inclusive , more consumer and service based , and less credit-driven economy . ''
Meanwhile , despite ongoing speculations in Western media regarding China 's economic growth slowdown , facts on the ground prove otherwise . Regardless of temporary difficulties , the country is demonstrating steady development .
For instance , the National Bureau of Statistics of China reported Tuesday that the country 's industrial production rose by 6.3 percent year-on-year in August 2016 . Simultaneously , retail sales of consumer goods increased by 10.6 percent year-to-year .
China is playing a key role in global growth , while seeking new ways to breathe life into the world economy .
`` The role of China as the main locomotive of global growth in the wake of the financial crisis is evident whichever of the two measures is used , '' John Ross of Renmin University of China insists , citing the fact that since 2007 , China 's contribution to global growth has exceeded the combined contribution of the G7 powers .
Health Minister Ben Høie presented the proposal on Friday . Photo : Vidar Ruud / NTB scanpix
Norway 's healthcare ministry on Friday proposed allowing people to legally change their gender without the need for any surgery , hormone treatment or sterilisation , a move hailed by Amnesty International .
The ministry introduced a bill proposing that `` people who want to change their legal gender are no longer required to undergo medical treatment . ''
The bill is expected to pass with a broad majority in parliament .
`` Norway is in the forefront when it comes to LGBT [ lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ] rights . But our current system for changing legal gender is unacceptable and has been unchanged for nearly 60 years . This proposal is in accordance with human rights , '' Healthcare Minister Bent Høie said in a statement .
The bill `` is historic because it is now the individual and not the health services that decide when they or they have changed legal gender , '' they said .
As in many other countries , people who want to officially change sex in Norway must currently undergo a long slew of procedures that usually take many years .
They have to go through in-depth psychiatric tests , hormone treatments and surgery for irreversible sterilisation .
`` It 's a very intrusive process , '' said Patricia Kaatee of Amnesty Norway .
The bill to be submitted to lawmakers states `` that a person who feels that their gender differs from the sex they were given at birth , has the right to change this based on their own experience , '' the health ministry said .
People will have to fill out a document and send it to the nearest tax office , which registers civil status .
`` It 's the same procedure that has existed for changing your name since 2008 . You can even do it in one click on the Internet , '' Ingvild Endestad of Norway 's LGBT association said .
The age requirement to change gender will be lowered from 18 to 16 , with no parental authorisation required .
For minors aged six to 16 , parents will be required to authorise the change . If one parent opposes , authorities may decide `` in the child 's best interest . ''
Children under the age of six will only be allowed to change gender if the child was born with a doctor-certified `` genital ambiguity '' .
Amnesty International hailed the bill as a `` historic breakthrough for transgender rights '' , and urged the Norwegian parliament to vote in favour of it to end `` decades of discriminatory practices . ''
Norway would become one of the most liberal countries in the matter .
Argentina has since 2012 authorised gender changes by declaration only .
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. -- Climate change may be putting cyanobacteria that are crucial to the functioning of the ocean at risk as the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere increases and the acidity of ocean water changes .
In a paper published Thursday in Science , a team of researchers from Florida State University , Xiamen University in China and Princeton University argue that the acidification of seawater caused by rising carbon dioxide levels makes it difficult for a type of cyanobacteria to perform a process called nitrogen fixation .
Few people know much about a type of cyanobacteria called Trichodesmium , but this miniscule collection of cells is critical to the health of hundreds of species in the Earth 's oceans . Through nitrogen fixation , Trichodesmium converts nitrogen gas into ammonia and other molecules that organisms are dependent on for survival .
Trichodesmium is thought to be responsible for about 50 percent of marine nitrogen fixation , so a decline in its ability could have a major ripple effect on marine ecosystems .
`` This is one of the major sources of nitrogen for other organisms in the open ocean , '' said Sven Kranz , assistant professor of Earth , Ocean and Atmospheric Science at Florida State University and a co-author of this study . `` If Trichodesmium responds negatively to the environmental changes forced upon the ocean by fossil fuel burning , it could have a large effect on our food web . ''
The effects of climate change on Trichodesmium have been studied extensively by scientists in labs across the globe but with widely different results . Some scientists found that increased carbon dioxide in ocean waters caused a decline in nitrogen fixation , while others saw huge increases . Because of the large role these bacteria play in the health of the Earth 's oceans , Kranz and their colleagues sought to resolve the discrepancies .
Some of these discrepancies , they found , are based on the preparation of the water in which these organisms typically grow under laboratory conditions . For example , the researchers found contamination by elements such as ammonia or toxic elements like enhanced copper concentration .
`` Any slight differences in the specific ingredients of the water -- in this case artificial seawater that scientists prepare -- can have a huge effect on the outcome , '' Kranz said .
A slight contamination can throw a huge wrench in the process , yet using this artificial seawater is common because not every lab has access to clean ocean water .
The authors also found that increased carbon dioxide could sometimes stimulate nitrogen fixation but this was offset by the negative effects of the increased ocean acidity .
Kranz began studying how increased carbon dioxide affects cyanobacteria as a researcher in Germany and then as a postdoctoral researcher with François Morel and Dalin Shi at Princeton University . Shi is now at Xiamen University and led the study with their research group there .
For this study , Kranz focused on the preliminary data collections and how the cyanobacteria reacted to changing concentrations of iron and carbon dioxide . Shi 's group in China conducted further studies including protein analysis and replicated this work in the field , conducting experiments in the South China Sea in May 2016 .
# # #
Other authors on the paper are Haizheng Hong , Rong Shen , Futing Zhang , Zhouzhu Wen , Siwei Chang , Wenfang Lin , Ya-Wei Luo and Shu-Ji Kao from Xiamen University . # # #
It 's 2015 — if you did n't post it to social media , it did n't happen . And Jewish holidays are no exception .
So , on this the festival of lights , Jewish celebrities and public figures from Jenna Jameson to Michael Bloomberg took to their feeds to wish their fans a Happy Hanukkah , and prove that their candles were indeed lit .
Jenna Jameson posed with their Israeli hubby-to-be
Matisyahu said shalom to a little friend
Alex Borstein plays dreidel like it 's a “ Game of Thrones ”
Iddo Goldberg has a nicer menorah than you do
Paula Abdul 's message seems suspiciously Christmas-y ( Bright and happy — or merry and bright ? )
Tonight marks the first night of # Hanukkah , may yours be bright and happy ! Chag Sameach ! # FestivalofLights XoP pic.twitter.com/NzYhOVHxDj— Paula Abdul ( @ PaulaAbdul ) December 6 , 2015
Speaking of Christmas , Sarah Silverman took it there
I 've never met a Jew that minds one bit if u say Merry Christmas to them . # WarOnChristmas— Sarah Silverman ( @ SarahKSilverman ) December 7 , 2015
Jenny Slate went old school
Michael Bloomberg showed off their holiday hashtag skills
Mayim Bialik shines by example — but why are all the candles lit ?
Oakland Athletics games - well , the pre- and post-game parts , anyway - just became must-see TV .
Jose Canseco , the controversial yet always entertaining former Athletics slugger , has joined the Athletics ' broadcast crew for the 2017 season . He 'll serve as an analyst during `` A 's Pregame Live '' and `` A 's Postgame Live '' on NBC Sports California .
Slugger @ JoseCanseco joins @ CSNAuthentic as an on-air analyst for A 's Pregame Live & A 's Postgame Live for the 2017 season . # RootedInOakland pic.twitter.com/fQpY10E7mw — Oakland A 's 🌳🐘⚾️ ( @ Athletics ) March 27 , 2017
CSN Bay Area also revealed that Canseco will be joined on air by their former A 's teammate Dave Stewart . Another ex-Athletics hurler , Dallas Braden , will also reportedly be part of the broadcasts , Susan Slusser of the San Francisco Chronicle reports .
Canseco has never been shy about voicing their opinions when given a platform to do so , and it appears their first network television job wo n't change that one bit . The 52-year-old promised to continue their no-filter ways and speak their mind as freely as possible .
`` I 've got quite a bit of experience . I 've pretty much been there , done all of that whether it 's on or off the field , '' Canseco told Joe Stiglich of CSN Bay Area . `` I think the fans can expect the truth - an honest opinion , honest analysis - and hopefully in some shape or form we expand the fan base .
`` It 's the first time I 've gotten the opportunity to do something like this . Maybe fans would like to hear what my thoughts are , how things can be fixed or made better for the Oakland A 's . ''
Oakland Athletics analyst I love it — Jose Canseco ( @ JoseCanseco ) March 27 , 2017
Canseco made their name as one of the most powerful sluggers baseball has ever seen as part of the Athletics ' `` Bash Brothers '' tandem alongside Mark McGwire in the late 1980s . They won the 1988 AL MVP after completing the first 40-40 season in baseball history , and helped the A 's to three straight pennants from 1988-90 and the 1989 World Series championship . Canseco mashed 462 home runs over their 17-year career with seven teams , 254 of which came in Oakland ; they remain third on the team 's all-time list .
But their attitude and off-field behavior during their playing career , along with their controversial and strange post-career adventures , have long since overshadowed any of their on-field accomplishments .
In recent years , Canseco has found themselves outside of organized baseball after writing two tell-all books , the first of which - entitled `` Juiced : Wild Times , Rampant 'Roids , Smash Hits & How Baseball Got Big '' - included wide-ranging allegations of steroid use against multiple baseball superstars . Canseco 's become more famous these days for their often bizarre ramblings on Twitter and occasional appearances with independent baseball clubs .
This job will be Canseco 's first association with an MLB club since 2002 , when they played 76 games for the Chicago White Sox .
Doctor Who is a showrunner Steven Moffat has revealed that they do n't know when the seventh season of the hit BBC show will be broadcast .
The BBC recently announced that a seventh season consisting of 14 more episodes have been commisioned . Whilst we were told that the Doctor himself , Matt Smith , would be returning , no indication was given as to when it will air .
An article in the magazine Private Eye recently suggested that the next season is likely to be delayed and could mean that Doctor Who fans wo n't see the new episodes until 2013 . Speaking to The Guardian a BBC spokesperson debunked this stating that , “ a good chunk ” of the new epsisodes will air in 2012 .
Now , speaking to SFX , Moffat has joined in the discussion of scheduling . When quizzed about the release dates of the new season they quipped , “ I do n't know . If I did know , I would n't tell you . When I do know , what I know will change , so I wo n't really know then either . Then it will change again , so I still wo n't really know . And if , secretly , I 'd really known all along , I 'd still be telling you I do n't know , because everything I said I knew , could be wrong , so I 'd never really have known in the first place . I do n't know and it 's a secret . I 'm glad I 've been able to clarify this for you . ”
The current season of Doctor Who is currently on hiatus and will resume with six new episodes towards the later part of 2011 .
The Surface Pro 3 is the third-generation Surface-series 2-in-1 detachable , designed , developed , marketed , and produced by Microsoft , which originally ran the Windows 8 Pro operating system ( OS ) , but the optional upgrade to Windows 10 Pro ( OS ) operating system was later added . [ 18 ]
History [ edit ]
The older , original Surface and Surface 2 , with their ARM-based processors and Windows RT operating system , are pitched against the iPad and other tablets . The Surface Pro 3 ( like the preceding Surface Pro and Surface Pro 2 ) , with its Intel CPU and Windows 8 OS , is a full-fledged PC that competes against Ultrabooks ( particularly those convertible laptops with touchscreens for a tablet functionality , flexible hinges , detachable keyboards , or sliders ) and other high-end subnotebooks ( that do n't compromise performance or battery life ) such as the MacBook Air . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
The Surface Pro 3 was announced on May 20 , 2014 , at a New York City event , [ 9 ] [ 22 ] [ 23 ] pre-orders were opened on May 21 , 2014 , and the first models were released on June 20 , 2014 in the U.S. and Canada , [ 9 ] with the Intel Core i3 and Intel Core i7 models released on August 1 , 2014 . [ 11 ] The Surface Pro 3 was launched in 25 additional markets on August 28 . [ 24 ]
On October 6 , 2015 , Microsoft released its successor , the Surface Pro 4 with a bigger screen with a higher resolution and reduced bezels , faster CPU options , a thinner body and improved cooling system .
Features [ edit ]
Hardware [ edit ]
The Surface Pro 3 has a body made of magnesium alloy giving a gray matted finish to the back of the device . The charging port is magnetized and connects securely to the charger .
It comes with an improved continuous kickstand , allowing the device to be set at any angle between 22 and 150 degrees . The kickstand has a high resistance which provides firmness and prevents accidental sliding .
The Surface Pro 3 features a larger 12 inches ( 30 cm ) ( screen display area 25,4cm x 16,9cm ) display over its predecessor . The screen has a 3:2 aspect ratio which Microsoft claims allow the device to be used more comfortably in the portrait orientation . Because the touch screen digitizer and the pen digitizer are combined into a single layer , the screen is physically thinner than one of earlier models , which improves viewing angle .
Although the Surface Pro 3 has a larger screen than its predecessor , it is both thinner and lighter , weighing 100 grams ( 0.22 lb ) less . Microsoft claims the Surface Pro 3 is capable of up to 9 hours of web browsing . [ 25 ]
The Surface Pro 3 is built on the 4th generation Intel Core processor with TPM chip for enterprise security . It includes a USB 3.0 port and a Mini DisplayPort on the right , an audio jack on the left , and a hot swap microSD slot on the back of the device . The microSD slot supports memory cards up to 200 GB . [ 26 ] The internal solid-state drive and system memory are not user upgradeable .
Surface Pro 3 external display connectivity [ 10 ] CPU model Display 1 Display 2 Display 3 i3 eDP/DisplayPort
( 2560x1600 , 60 Hz ) DisplayPort
( 2560x1600 , 60 Hz ) DisplayPort
( 2560x1600 , 60 Hz ) DVI
( 2560x1600 , 60 Hz ) DVI
( 2560x1600 , 60 Hz ) VGA
( 1920x1200 , 60 Hz ) VGA
( 1920x1200 , 60 Hz ) HDMI
( 4096x2304 , 24 Hz ) WiDi
( 1920x1080 , 60 Hz ) i5/i7 eDP/DisplayPort
( 3200x2000 , 60 Hz ) DisplayPort
( 3200x2000 , 60 Hz ) DisplayPort
( 3200x2000 , 60 Hz ) DVI
( 2560x1600 , 60 Hz ) DVI
( 2560x1600 , 60 Hz ) VGA
( 1920x1200 , 60 Hz ) VGA
( 1920x1200 , 60 Hz ) HDMI
( 4096x2304 , 24 Hz ) WiDi
( 1920x1080 , 60 Hz ) ( maximum resolution and refresh rate shown in parentheses )
Surface Pro 3 configuration options [ 27 ] Price tier ( USD ) CPU Integrated GPU RAM Internal storage 799 Intel Core i3-4020Y ( 1.5 GHz ) HD 4200 4 GB 64 GB 999 Intel Core i5-4300U ( 1.9 to 2.9 GHz ) HD 4400 128 GB 1299 8 GB 256 GB 1299 Intel Core i7-4650U ( 1.7 to 3.3 GHz ) HD 5000 128 GB 1549 256 GB 1949 512 GB
External display connectivity [ edit ]
Like its predecessor , the Surface Pro 3 is capable of connecting up to three external displays . To connect a third display the 2-in-1 's own screen should be turned off .
The device itself has a single Mini DisplayPort output and in order to connect two external displays one can additionally use a secondary Mini DisplayPort on a docking station accessory ( sold separately ) . To attach three ( or fewer ) displays , an aftermarket DisplayPort Multi-Stream Transport hub can be used or a daisy-chaining feature of compatible displays . One of external displays can be attached over-the-air utilizing Intel Wireless Display ( WiDi ) technology .
In a single external display mode over DisplayPort , the i5 and i7-based models also support a resolution of 3840x2160 at 60 Hz , known as 4K Ultra HD . [ 28 ]
Software [ edit ]
The Surface Pro 3 initially shipped with Windows 8.1 Pro , but since the Windows 10 release on July 29 , 2015 , new devices come with the updated OS pre-installed , eliminating the need to upgrade as is the case on existing devices . [ 18 ] The Windows 10 upgrade , among other features , brings a Tablet mode , which can be useful when device is used as a tablet , that is without a keyboard attached .
Instant Go [ edit ]
The Surface Pro 3 is one of the first 64-bit Windows devices that features InstantGo ( formerly Connected Standby ) , [ 29 ] allowing for smartphone-type power management capabilities . This allows for Windows Store apps to update info ( such as email ) while the device appears off , and for the operating system to run automatic maintenance when connected to AC . [ 30 ] The Surface will enter hibernation state after four hours of no activity , to further conserve battery power . [ 31 ]
With InstantGo active there is only one power plan available with a limited option . [ 32 ] InstantGo is currently not supported when Hyper-V is enabled , instead the device will enter hibernation each time it is put into sleep mode . [ 33 ]
Accessories [ edit ]
The Surface-series devices feature a Type Cover accessory , an attachable protective keyboard , which is sold separately , yet has continually appeared in every Surface ad since the launch of the original Surface . The Type Cover for Surface Pro 3 features backlit keys , is thinner and has an improved touchpad over its predecessors . It also has a magnetic strip which binds to the front bezel of the display for additional stability . The magnetic strip can also be used to elevate the position of the keyboard , which can help to comfortably use a Type Cover on a lap . [ 14 ] [ 34 ]
The Surface Pro 3 is the first Surface device to feature an improved version of the Surface Pen , which is included with each device . In contrast to that from the earlier devices of the Pro line , which was based on Wacom technology , the Surface Pen of the Surface Pro 3 features N-trig DuoSense technology with 256 levels of pressure sensitivity .
Microsoft also offers a docking station , which adds five USB ports ( including three USB 3.0 ) , a Gigabit Ethernet port , an additional Mini DisplayPort ( which can be used simultaneously with the port on the Surface Pro 3 ) and a 3.5 mm audio socket for audio input/output . [ 35 ]
Some of Microsoft 's wireless touch mice were restyled to match the Surface-series devices design , added where applicable a Bluetooth connectivity and relaunched as Surface Edition series mice : Arc Touch Mouse Surface Edition [ 36 ] and Wedge Touch Mouse Surface Edition . [ 37 ]
Reception [ edit ]
The Surface Pro 3 has received positive reviews . David Pogue suggested `` The upshot is that , with hardly any thickness or weight penalty , the kickstand and the Type Cover let you transform your 1.8-pound tablet into an actual , fast , luxury laptop '' . Pogue said that the Surface Pro 3 's form factor works well as a tablet , in contrast to the Surface Pro 2 , whose bulk and weight limited its appeal as a tablet . Pogue also stated that the new multi-stage kickstand , 3:2 screen aspect ratio , and new Type Cover 3 detachable keyboard made it a competent laptop . [ 38 ]
It has been suggested that the Surface Pro 3 comes closest to the Microsoft Tablet PC concept that company founder Bill Gates announced in 2001 , [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] being the first Surface to become a credible laptop replacement . [ 39 ] Time magazine included Microsoft Surface Pro 3 in the list of the 25 best inventions of 2014 . [ 40 ]
The Surface Pro 3 received a repairability score of 1/10 from iFixit because of the use of a strong adhesive material throughout and the difficulty in removing the display . [ 41 ]
Timeline [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
JavaScript — Why All The Hate ?
Emad Ibrahim Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 3 , 2016
I do n't really get all the hate and whining from some people about Javascript . I love Javascript . It wo n't run everything or solve every problem but it is the closest we have come to “ run everywhere ” — please do NOT mention java .
With JavaScript , you can write applications that work :
in your browser ( pretty much ALL of them ) on your phone and tablet ( e.g . React Native , Cordova ) on your desktop ( e.g . electron runs on Mac , linux and windows ) on your server i.e . node and even in your database e.g . mongo db
You do n't need to download a 4 gigabyte IDE to create a hello world , you do n't need to wait 30 seconds to compile and run your app , all you need is a text editor .
Sure javascript has flaws but so does every other language out there but nothing comes close — not even by a mile — to the reach and flexibility of javascript .
I love the innovation ( and explosion ) of javascript tools , frameworks and libraries . I know it can get tiring but it 's fun and guess what , you do n't have to learn ALL of them .
With that said , can we please stop creating “ languages ” on top of javascript and please stop using them in your projects . We already have enough : TypeScript , Elm , Coffeescript and others . I highly recommend you do NOT use any of them in your projects .
I will explain why but first let me say how much I appreciate the diversity in choices and most importantly how thankful I am to the people that create these awesome tools and “ languages ” .
I was a huge coffeescript fan . I decided to use it for a project a few years back and as the project grew I quickly realized that it was the worst decision I made and six months into the project we converted everything over to Javascript . Here are some reasons why that was a bad decision :
I had to setup another build step to “ compile ” it back to javascript — not a huge deal but it can be a pain some times . It was hard to debug since what you see in the browser is different than what you have in your coffeescript files — for the most part , it is very readable but you still have to perform a mental translation . The biggest problem by far is the learning curve for every new developer that joined the team — yet another thing they had to learn to ramp up Most code samples online were 99 % in javascript The team started losing some of their javascript skills , slowly , javascript code started to look foreign and we wanted to see everything in coffeescript . We did n't keep up with all the advancement in javascript e.g . ES6 — arrow functions , deconstruction and so on . We could n't just put a few lines of code directly in a script tag to test some stuff and if we did , we had to do it in javascript and later “ translate ” it back to coffeescript .
Although , I did n't play much with TypeScript or Elm , I would assume they would have similar problems .
RE : TypeScript — really cool concept and I get some of the benefits but why are we forcing a dynamic language to “ act ” static ? C # is jumping through hoops to act more dynamic and now we are jumping through hoops trying to make javascript act more static . WTF ! ! !
TL ; DR
Update ( Jan. 31 , 2016 ) It looks like all stolen photos have been removed ! ! Hurray ! I contacted Eco Cloth Diaper about this issue , and was told that the person or people behind these accounts are “ affiliates ” of Eco Cloth Diaper , thus earning a commission when people click through on the link posted on their Instagram accounts . I am happy to see the stolen photos taken down , but would not personally shop via those links or via Eco Cloth Diaper based on this incident , which really left a bad taste in my mouth !
A big shout out to a couple of Funky Fluff Ambassadors , who spotted this odd and irritating Instagram phenomenon :
A diaper reseller , Eco Cloth Diaper , is stealing cloth diaper photos from diaper makers and parents and posting them as their own .
Why ? Well , in the hopes of gaining followers , of course ! Cloth diapering parents love to follow the accounts of cloth diapering friends , not to mention brands and shops . Posting these pictures tricks people into following the accounts associated with Eco Cloth Diaper .
This is different than re-posting . This is not the same thing as , for example , Funky Fluff re-posting a picture of a baby wearing Funky Fluff . ( By the way , I do this for Funky Fluff , but I always ask permission first , and credit the original poster . )
The culprits :
A full list of profiles is being compiled on Instagram on this post . Add any you find there and I 'll update here as I can !
@ AbigailMortlock and @ ErinCMclean : ( these were the first two brought to my attention , since then we have discovered many , many more )
Update : Add @ EllaRichards86 to the list and ClothDiaperingBasics.com
Update : @ JuliaEPowell and DiaperCoverPattern.com
Update : @ AliceRGriffin and ClothDiapersWithInserts.com Update : @ SiennaGWebb
@ EmilyMcGuigan and ClothDiapersForBabies.com
@ RuthWFranklin and AdjustableClothDiapers.com @ NiamHButler87 and ClothDiapersInBulk.com
@ SherryXiao89 seems to be the ring leader ( owner ? ) of this whole operation , but their account only features pictures of the diapers they sell . I would still be blocking her !
Update : Since they seem to be orchestrating this whole scheme , I would also block @ ecoclothdiaper
What 's wrong with all these ( and more ) accounts ?
Ok so off the bat , you see their more recent pics are just Alva-style diapers . But earlier in their feeds , you see : ( I blocked out the pics where you can identify the child . ) Abigail and Erin 's ( definitely their real names ) profiles both link to CheapClothDiaper.com ( do n't worry , it 's a no-follow link so it wo n't give them any search engine clout if you click it ) . [ ClothDiaperingBasics leads to the same site , as do all the other bizarre URLs in the profiles shown above . ] Oh look ! Kids wearing TotsBots Bamboozles ! Seems so legit . This site then leads you to EcoClothDiaper.com , a pretty standard direct-from-China diaper site :
So what ? So , the false advertising is definitely annoying . To the casual viewer , it may appear that Eco Cloth Diaper and Cheap Cloth Diaper sell beautiful , custom-made embroidery diapers and big names like GroVia , AppleCheeks and Funky Fluff . But honestly , if you take a look at their feed , you figure out the scam pretty quickly .
Luckily , neither account has many followers . The thing is , lots of IG users simply follow back those who follow them . These two accounts probably attempt to gain fans by following people who post about cloth diapers . Their names are totally innocuous , and anyone looking at their feeds prior to all the Alva pics would 've assumed they were just cloth diapering shops or moms .
What can we do ? I 'm sure the vast majority of us are not under the illusion that social media is private . No surprise there . It 's just annoying for someone to take what does n't belong to them , particularly when the intent is clearly very shady .
They do n't seem to care about taking watermarked pictures , though at least a watermark allows people to know where an image originally came from . ( They also post WAHM diapers with very visible tags . )
According to Instagram 's terms of service , “ You represent and warrant that : ( i ) you own the Content posted by you on or through the Service or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these Terms of Use. ” Clearly these Instagram users are n't respecting the terms of service , but IG likely has bigger fish to fry .
People have been commenting on the stolen pictures , and even those comments have n't been erased by “ Abigail ” and “ Erin. ” We can at least take comfort in the fact that they kind of suck at their scheme :
Their photos are n't hash tagged , so it 's unlikely people will stumble upon them ;
Some of their photos make no sense :
My beef is that unsuspecting parents are having their cute pics taken and re-posted without their permission , and that 's just annoying as f * ck .
Personally , I 'm going to go back to watermarking all my pictures on IG ( I 've gotten lazy ) , and hopefully if you know any of the few followers these accounts have , you can warn them to unfollow .
If your photo is being used without your permission , report them !
The best action I can recommend for all of us at this point is to caution all the cloth diapering parents you know about shopping at Eco Cloth Diapers and for all of us to block related profiles ! ( Click the three dots at the top right when viewing the profile . )
We can also start bombarding sales @ ecoclothdiaper.com with emails… Maybe they 'll get the message ? Make sure you are n't a fan of their Facebook page , too : https : //www.facebook.com/EcoClothDiaper/
( Update ) I messaged the Eco Cloth Diaper Page about the issue and got the following response : If you 've spotted other profiles like this , let me know so I can update the list !
15 MAR 3302
Various media outlets throughout inhabited space received an anonymous communiqué this morning . `` The galactic community is in peril , '' the message began . `` They just do n't know it yet . ''
The transmission asserts a connection between Core Dynamics , the destruction of the Antares and Starship One , the Emperor 's Dawn insurgency , and setbacks in Unknown Artefact research . It also claims that the deaths of Federal Vice-President Nigel Smeaton , Sean Richards , Arnold Lowe , Susan Monroe , Elaine Boyd , Emperor Hengist Duval and the disappearances of former Federal president Jasmina Halsey and Professor Ishmael Palin are similarly connected .
The message concluded : `` Many of those who have tried to connect these seemingly disparate events have been silenced , along with their sources . That is why I have chosen to remain anonymous . So far , only pawns have been revealed in this shadowy game . We must discover the king . ''
Neither the Federation nor the Empire has chosen to comment on the transmission .
Commander Corrigendum
By Niall McCusker
After conceding 12 goals in their last three road games the Timbers will take some solace in keeping a clean sheet , but they really should have taken all 3 points home .
San Jose enjoyed a lively started to the game with Wondolowski forcing a good save from Kwarasey after six minutes . The visitors failed to generate any meaningful chances in the first half as their attacking fulcrum , Valeri , continued to search for their best form and repeatedly turned the ball over .
After a poor match for the first hour Portland got some control late in the second half and their pressure earned a deserved penalty , which in a low quality game of few chances they needed to capitalize on . They did n't do so and a nil-nil draw was a perhaps predictable outcome for two sides who had been struggling to find their offense spark for the previous month .
Meanwhile the man who had been at the center of Portland 's most productive offensive displays this season was not in the game day squad – the reason for this became apparent the next day when news of Gaston Fernandez 's move back to Argentina was confirmed . As the business end of the season approaches a return to game-winning ways for Valeri or an immediate impact from Portland 's new DP Melano will be required for that move not to seem badly timed .
Here are the individual ratings :
Adam Larsen Kwarasey 7.5 : When a fractured Portland offside line allowed Wondolowski an early 1 vs 1 chance the keeper came off their line quickly and spread themselves well for the save . After that San Jose 's attack did not threaten them much , they made a nice catch ( yes catch not punch ) for a second half corner and had good , solid game .
Alvas Powell 6 ( off at HT ) : Salinas crosses a nice ball and Wondo has made a nice living from sneaky runs into the box . But San Jose 's early chance was still a major breakdown of the Timbers defensive line . When a winger penetrates toward the end and cuts back onto their other foot or passes the ball back up the line that is a cue for the defense to step up as a unit . Similarly with San Jose 's deep throw in the 6th minute , when it went back up the line Ridgewell immediately pushes out to the 18-yard line , Villafana follows their lead – Wondo is between them a yard offside . Nicely done – except for the fact that at the other side of the box Powell and also Borchers did not follow that step out and played the striker onside . This situation is consistently trained for but perhaps they need the George Graham style ropes * to get them moving as a unit .
Modern full-backs tuck in close to the center backs , but when playing against a winger with the crossing ability of Salinas they should not be allowed time to cross the ball . San Jose pressured Powell 's side but after a few early blips they got some good tackles in and seemed to have matters mainly under control .
They had to be taken off at halftime with some kind of back issue , but it does n't appear to be anything major .
Nat Borchers 7 : Maybe they did n't step out because they saw where Powell was and knew it was too late . Either way by this stage they and Ridgewell should be seamlessly on the same page and both should be moving in unison and prompting the full-backs when needed . San Jose did n't offer much threat , but Borchers stayed tight to Amerikwa and did n't give them any chance to get into the game . They should probably have scored from a free header at the corner just before halftime , but a solid if easy game .
Liam Ridgewell 7 : Yes I am going to continue to completely belabor my point about offside – having been at the club a year now it is n't enough that they do the correct thing themselves – all their defenders need to be on the same page as him . As the defender with the most high level experience in the league every day at training should be a valuable clinic for the other defenders ( preferably one were they all have to address them as guv'nor )
Jorge Villafana 7 : Cato did n't cause them any problems and after a conservative first half they started to push forward more in the second were they and Wallace helped the Timbers mount their most successful spell of pressure .
Will Johnson 6.5 : Given the need to focus on defense for this game it is understandable that they did not get forward much , but perhaps the Timbers defensive midfielders showed San Jose a little too much respect ? Johnson was well positioned to cover any San Jose counter attacks and a lack of a possession platform on which to build pressure was as much on the attacking midfielders inability to hold the ball as in was on the Johnson/Chara axis . The Canadian needs to take on the penalty kicking job again now that Valeri has missed one .
Diego Chara 7 : The Colombian tracked San Jose runners from deep well and launched a few Portland counter attacks themselves in the second half . For the Chicago game it would be good to have them pushed up a little higher as the midfielders sitting so deep is solid , but depends on the full-backs to generate offensive danger , which they have not been doing of late .
Darlington Nagbe 6.5 : A mixed game from Nagbe , they had their usual few dangerous runs and in the second half held the ball better and allowed Portland 's attack to build some momentum . But in the first half they a couple of dangerous giveaways in their own half and they and Valeri failed to link meaningfully with each other .
Diego Valeri 6 : They did play a couple of nice balls wide to Wallace , but their first half was mainly notable for uncharacteristic giveaways and heavy touches . They seem like a player who is their own worst critic and feels the expectation of the team on them to produce something special , but maybe they need to simplify their game a little for now instead of trying to force it . They did cause the turnover which released Adi for their shot and won themselves a penalty , so even not at 100 % they can contribute , they just needs others to step-up while they find their way back .
Rodney Wallace ( off on 80′ ) 6.5 : The left winger had Portland 's first shot on the edge of the box after ten minutes but saw it blocked – Portland could really use them returning to their sneaky goal-scoring ways right about now . After keeping their wing on lock-down for most of the game , they and Villafana ventured forward late . Wallace produced a few decent crosses , most notably to Melano after 70 minutes .
Fanendo Adi ( off on 65′ ) 7 : This was another game were the Nigerian looked really good but only in brief moments due to lack of support . They got a couple of shots off that they had to make for themselves and hit a very nice effort off the post when released by Valeri . They looked to have a lot more left in the tank when withdrawn on 65 minutes .
Substitutes :
Taylor Peay ( on at HT ) 6 : San Jose had gone after Powell 's wing all of the first half and surely would have looked to double down on that attacking strategy when they saw Peay come in . But Portland started to play better and protected the youngster well , they are n't noticed much and that is all they needed to achieve .
Lucas Melano ( on in 66′ ) 6 : Do the Timbers have a definite idea of were they want to play this guy ? Brought in against Dallas on the right side they switched to the left and in this game came in up top and moved back to the left when Urruti came in . There is no harm in looking at them in different areas and selecting where to utilize them based on which other players are in form , but a reflection on Fernandez 's first few months cautions against making it more difficult for a new player to settle in without a defined role .
In this game they got on the end of nice Wallace cross and saw their effort saved . Given that San Jose left-back Francis had been on a yellow card since the 15th minute ( which the Timbers never sought to target ) it might have been interesting to see Melano go in and get at them with pace as an orthodox right winger .
Maxi Urruti ( on in 80′ ) : Even after the missed penalty Portland retained some attacking momentum , but Urruti did n't really find their way into the game .
* while coaching at Arsenal George Graham was rumored to tie the back-line ( the epic one of Winterburn , Adams , Keown and Dixon ) together on ropes to encourage movement as a unit . In training that is – would be a tad illegal during games .
Photo via Anton Fomkin < via Flickr CC/em >
After shipping nearly 4.07 billion incandescent light bulbs over the last 120 years , Toshiba is cutting the product from its manufacturing line-up , focusing on greener technologies like LED lighting instead , an area in which it has been making headway . The decision to eliminate the outdated technology is expected to help cut 430,000 tons of potential CO2 emissions per year .
According to Mis-Asia , Toshiba produced 7 million incandescent bulbs last year , compared to 14 million CFLs . It also began manufacturing LED lights , which are the next wave of energy efficient lighting .
Other companies are likely to follow suit soon , as more countries create regulations banning incandescent bulbs .
Considering a 13 watt LED bulb can replace a 100 watt incandescent , it 's no wonder more companies are focusing funds on LED technology rather than manufacturing a dying product .
More on Disappearing Incandescents
Can the Incandescent Bulb Be Saved From Energy Efficiency Regulations ?
Incandescent Light Bulbs on Planet Green
Breakthrough : Regular Light Bulb Made Super-Efficient with Laser ( ! )
Shifting away from conventional biofuels
An important debate is underway about the future of biofuels in Europe and the UK , triggered by the realisation that current biofuel consumption has greater environmental and social impacts than first anticipated . These include the impacts on land use of increased cultivation of crops for biofuel use and the consequences for the level of greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions from the biofuels , as well as global agricultural market impacts and associated social consequences .
Promoted for their potential to provide greater GHG savings over conventional biofuels from food and feed crops , advanced biofuels produced from wastes and residues are seen as one way to deal with these impacts , both in the UK and elsewhere . Questions remain , however , about the sustainability of some feedstocks and the volumes of biomass that would be available for the biofuel sector . This new IEEP report produced for ActionAid considers :
the potential domestic wastes and residues that can help reduce the environmental , social and economic consequences of UK biofuel consumption , including overseas ILUC impacts ;
the sustainable volumes of these wastes and residues that could be available for advanced biofuel production ; and
the UK job creation potential as a result of building a sustainable advanced transport fuel industry .
Downloads
The Department of Energy has issued two awards on January 15 under their Funding Opportunity Announcement of July 31 , 2015 .
In what took many of us by great surprise and delight , one of the announced winners was a molten-salt reactor concept . This marks the first time that the Department of Energy has committed any funding to an actual molten-salt reactor .
Southern Company Services—partnering with TerraPower , Electric Power Research Institute , Vanderbilt University , and Oak Ridge National Laboratory to perform integrated effects tests and materials suitability studies to support development of the Molten Chloride Fast Reactor . The MCFR is also a next generation design with the most advanced safety features that enable its potential use across the country .
( Some may quibble with this and point out that the DOE has previously funded research work around solid-fueled reactors that are cooled by molten salt , but I am not one of those who considers these reactors to be molten-salt reactors . )
Southern Company later released their own announcement :
But the particular type of molten-salt reactor selected for further research was an even bigger surprise . It is based on chlorides , rather than fluorides , and is intended to operate in a fast neutron spectrum . Molten-chloride fast-spectrum reactors are a lesser known variant of molten-salt reactors that have been of interest to many of us for some time .
TerraPower 's ORNL Announcement
In October 2015 during a conference celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Molten-Salt Reactor Experiment at Oak Ridge National Laboratory , TerraPower announced that they were working on a chloride fast reactor design . During the presentation by Jeff Latkowski , the general advantages of molten salt reactors were mentioned , such as the chemical stability of the coolant , the strongly negative temperature and void coefficients , and the fact that the reactor can operate with essentially no excess reactivity . The salt-based fuel did not require conventional fuel fabrication and online refueling is simple and straightforward . High core power density is achievable as well as high thermal conversion efficiency to electricity . Actinides do not have to be removed from the core but can remain until they are fully consumed in the fission reaction .
But these attributes are general to most molten salt reactors . Those of us looking for the particulars of a chloride reactor realized that very few technical details of the design were disclosed at that meeting . But the fact that TerraPower would be working on a molten-salt reactor of any sort was quite exciting considering that they had been focused on the “ travelling-wave reactor ” for many years . The travelling-wave reactor was a solid-fueled , fast-spectrum reactor that used liquid sodium coolant and a conventional steam turbine power conversion system . The chloride fast reactor was quite a departure from the travelling-wave design .
Chloride Reactor Background
The chloride fast reactor shares many of the same advantages of thermal-spectrum , fluoride salt reactors developed at Oak Ridge during the Molten Salt Reactor Program of the 1950s and 1960s . Both designs avoid the need for fuel fabrication and can feature simplified chemical processing techniques . Both designs have salt mixtures that have good thermal capacity and are chemically stable , although the exact relative properties between chloride and fluoride designs still waits on the disclosure of more technical details by TerraPower .
But there are also important differences between fluoride and chloride designs . Fluoride reactors do n't necessarily have to be thermal-spectrum , but usually they are , using graphite as a moderator to slow down the high-energy neutrons of fission . In a similar vein , chloride reactors do n't have to be fast-spectrum , but they usually are intended to be , since chlorine is a less effective moderator of neutrons than fluorine . In fact , chlorine is such a poor neutron moderator that chloride reactors have the potential of having VERY fast neutron spectra , and that opens up new possibilities for missions that chloride reactors can fulfill .
So considering that fluoride in general implies thermal-spectrum and that chloride in general implies fast-spectrum , the main differences in the missions for fluoride and chloride reactors are the differences in thermal and fast reactors .
Fast-spectrum reactors have the advantage that the capture-to-fission ratio for actinides of all types improves considerably in the fast spectrum . They have the disadvantage that the overall cross-sections go down by orders-of-magnitude . Thermal cross-sections for many actinides like plutonium are large , but the capture-to-fission ratio often is n't very good . The beautiful advantage of the thorium fuel cycle is realized in the thermal-spectrum reactor , since uranium-233 has an excellent capture-to-fission ratio in the thermal spectrum . It improves slightly in the fast spectrum but it 's already excellent in the thermal spectrum . This is why thorium reactors can breed in the thermal spectrum , and as I have repeatedly emphasized , this is their central advantage .
In the fast-spectrum , cross-sections are tiny . That means that it takes many more nuclei to achieve a given reaction rate than it does in the thermal spectrum . But for many fuels , namely plutonium , capture-to-fission ratios improve a great deal in the fast spectrum . If one wants to build a breeder reactor using uranium , or in other words , if one wants to build a nuclear reactor that efficiently consumes uranium , a fast-spectrum reactor is required , and a chloride reactor is probably the best kind of fast-spectrum reactor .
Why is it the best ? Because a chloride reactor does n't have to have any material in the core region other than fuel . Things in the core other than fuel , like coolant , cladding , and control materials , are the real problem in most fast reactor designs . Solid-fueled reactors have to have a coolant and cladding in the core , and usually that coolant will have some degree of moderating capability associated with it . Sodium is the classic example . Its small amount of moderation can lead to what is called a “ positive void coefficient ” , which means that if the sodium is n't there , the reaction rate increases . There are a variety of ways to address this , usually through changes to the geometry of the fuel of the core , but it would be easier if the problem did n't exist in the first place . Having no “ coolant ” in the core is a beautiful solution , and the chloride reactor enables this , since it serves both as the fuel and “ coolant ” , carrying the thermal power out of the core to the primary heat exchanger .
Liquid-fueled chloride reactors have been imagined ever since the molten-salt reactor concept was first proposed in the early 1950s . Alvin Weinberg mentioned the chloride reactor option in their 1957 paper . Other work took place in the 1960s . A Swiss-Polish scientist , Dr. Mieczyslaw Taube , wrote a series of papers in the 1960s and 70s about chloride reactors and their advantages , and was kind enough to have them sent to me when I made inquiries about the idea back in 2004 .
But no one has ever taken the chloride reactor concept to a demonstration stage , and this is unfortunate . Hopefully , with these new resources , this promising concept will advance in technological readiness and be able to fulfill certain missions that lay beyond the capabilities of fluoride reactors .
Additional Readings
2010-04-19 : A suggestion that chloride reactors be used to produce U-233 to start LFTRs in the US and other countries on a leasing basis
2010-04-16 : Graphical relationships of chloride and fluoride reactors in thorium development
2010-03-29 : My talk at a conference where I included the chloride reactor in a nuclear development strategy
2009-08-06 : A post about a proposal to ARPA-E that included chloride reactors
2006-04-23 : A suggestion that plutonium be consumed in chloride reactors , producing uranium-233 , rather than be converted into solid MOX fuel
The New York Jets have balked at paying Muhammad Wilkerson huge money for two seasons , despite the team 's consistent public statements claiming a desire to get a deal done .
The second-team All-Pro defensive lineman is getting fed up with the all-talk , little-action routine .
`` It 's shocking . It 's frustrating , '' Wilkerson told The New York Post 's Brian Costello this week . `` Because I feel like I 've earned it and I deserve it . It would be different if I was just a mediocre player . I feel like each and every week I 'm dominating and it 's showing . The stats speak for themselves . Basically , what more do I need to do ? You know what I mean ? ''
Wilkerson is sitting out mandatory minicamp . Since they have n't signed the $ 15.7 million franchise tag , he 's not subject to fines . Sides have until July 15 to hammer out a long-term deal . If no deal comes , the defensive end could elect to skip training camp -- or part of the regular season -- before signing the tender .
`` Do I feel that they want me back ? As of right now , no . I do n't feel like they want me , '' Wilkerson said . `` I 'm a talented guy . Everybody knows that . I feel like they 're going to get the best they can out of me and just let me go . That 's how I feel . Do I like that feeling ? No . I 'm a New Jersey guy , born and raised and would love to raise my family here . ''
Wilkerson has generally kept to themselves -- these are their first public comments since last season -- but it 's easy to sense their mounting frustration .
That irritancy seems heightened after the Eagles signed Fletcher Cox to a six-year , nearly $ 103 million contract extension .
`` I think he 's a great player . Do I feel like I 'm better than him ? Yes , '' Wilkerson said . `` Not to be cocky , it 's just a confidence thing . Everybody in the league that plays feels like they 're the best player at their position . If you ask any NFL player , they 're going to say they 're the best at their position .
`` I feel like I 'm better than them and whatever ( his deal is ) I deserve that or better . ''
Several barriers sit between the Jets handing Wilkerson the long-term contract they deserve . They are in rough salary cap shape , for one , and the presence of Leonard Williams provides a natural transition at the position when Wilkerson eventually walks .
It 's easy to understand Wilkerson 's frustration , but it does n't appear likely to end anytime soon .
Ireland won the 2015 Six Nations courtesy of a superior points tally over England and Wales
The BBC and ITV will share the rights to broadcast rugby union 's Six Nations Championship for the next six years .
Wales , Scotland and France home matches will be on the BBC , while ITV will show England , Ireland and Italy home games .
BBC Radio 5 live will continue live commentary of all matches , which will be available on the BBC Sport website .
BBC director of sport Barbara Slater said : `` It 's great news for fans of the Six Nations that the championship will be staying on free-to-air television . ''
Niall Sloane , director of sport at ITV , which is broadcasting the Rugby World Cup in September and October , said : `` We 're delighted to be strengthening our ties with the game . ''
Analysis : BBC sports editor Dan Roan `` The landscape of sports broadcasting is shifting rapidly . And very little is guaranteed , no matter how established it seems . '' Read more from Dan
Games shown live on the BBC will be available online and via the BBC Sport app . When matches are on ITV , highlights will be available via the BBC Sport website shortly after full-time .
The 2015 tournament on the BBC saw audiences rise to their highest level since 2003 . A peak of 9.6 million tuned in on the final day to watch a thrilling climax as England thrashed France , but narrowly lost out on the championship title to Ireland .
More than 24 million tuned in to the Six Nations this year .
The BBC has had exclusive rights since 2003 , and the previous deal was due to run until 2017 .
`` It 's a very special competition and our viewing figures from this year prove just how popular it is with audiences , '' added Slater .
`` We very much look forward to starting our new partnership with ITV and continuing our strong relationship with RBS Six Nations . ''
There are 15 games in each year of the Six Nations and the BBC will have eight and ITV seven in 2016 , while that tally will be reversed the following year .
If the 2016 fixtures remain as scheduled as the BBC will screen both matches on the opening day , with France v Italy followed by Scotland v England set for Saturday , 6 February .
ITV would host Ireland v Wales on Sunday , 7 February , while the BBC would screen the tournament 's final game , France v England , a 20:00 GMT kick-off , on Saturday , 19 March .
One would think that three hundred years would provide plenty of time for a person to learn all there is to know about themselves . In the case of Talasara Renfrew , one would be wrong . They know that they have been intentionally hidden from the human race : for their safety as well as their own . They know that they are descended from a powerful line of Witches . They also know that , because of the horrific manner in which their mother died , they are n't just a Witch . She 's also a Werewolf . What they do n't know is that there have been many secrets kept from them Secrets that , when revealed , will change their lives forever . New knowledge about a long dead father convinces them to accept the fact that they are even further from being human than they originally thought . When it is also revealed that the creature that killed their mother is hunting down their progeny , they discover an emotion that is new to her : fury . Anger and the need to avenge their mother become their one and only focus . They WILL destroy the monster that killed their mother and infected them with the Werewolf venom ! Knowing they can not do it alone , they enlist the help of the Werewolf clan that has been secretly aiding in their upbringing . With experienced warriors at their side , Tala embarks on a quest to find the truth as well as gain retribution for their mother . The naïve woman leaves their place of safety in the Ozarks to discover who they are truly meant to be . Love , heartache , camaraderie , and leadership lie before them If Tala can succeed in their vendetta , sanity and heart intact , they will become the most powerful crossbreed the supernatural world has ever seen . After all… there is only one Talasara Renfrew… only one Tribrid .
* * * * Tribrid was voted # 1 Urban Book 2016 Virtual FantasyCon * * * *
* * * * Tracy Palmer was voted # 1 Urban Author 2016 Virtual FantasyCon * * * *
One of the things I love about my PS3 is that I can watch Netflix movies and television shows on it instantly . The only drawback about watching the movies is that I always have to remove my game and put in the Netflix disc .
Starting Monday , October 18 the Netflix disc is a thing of the past on PS3 . In addition , there will be an improved browsing experience and a major improvement in how quickly playback begins , which right now is a tad slow for my liking .
Check out this video from PlayStation for the walk through of the changes :
The hits keep coming according to Netflix and Dolby . Monday will also bring the ability to watch some movies and TV shows in 1080i high definition , listen to Dolby 5.1 channel surround sound , and view an increasing portion of our content library with subtitles .
This is great news for both movie lovers and those that are hearing impaired . This has been a major drawback for people like my mom who is hard of hearing . DVD 's were a god sent and they love having the physical discs from Netflix in hand but has not been able to watch movies instantly until now .
Have you watched movies or television on your PS3 with the help of Netflix ? What are your favorite things to watch ?
`` Jordan Stephens '' redirects here . For the baseball player , see Jordan Stephens ( baseball )
Rizzle Kicks are a British hip hop duo from Brighton consisting of Jordan `` Rizzle '' Stephens ( born 25 January 1992 ) and Harley `` Kicks '' Alexander-Sule ( born 23 November 1991 ) . Their debut album , Stereo Typical , was released on 31 October 2011 . As of May 2012 , Rizzle Kicks have sold over 1 million singles and over 600,000 albums in the UK . [ 1 ]
Since 2015 , Alexander-Sule has released music under the stage name Jimi Charles Moody , and since 2016 Stephens has released music under the stage names Wildhood and Al , the Native .
Musical career [ edit ]
2006–11 : Formation and career beginnings [ edit ]
In 2006 , Stephens began attending rap and performance workshops with the Brighton-based charity AudioActive , joined a year later by Alexander-Sule . The pair attended AudioActive 's Hip Hop Foundation project and Stephens continued attending workshops and performances until 2010 . Stephens is quoted as saying this work helped the duo `` hone our skills and build a passion towards the career that we 're in now . AudioActive did us a lot of good and without them we would n't be here ! `` [ 2 ]
Stephens and Alexander-Sule both attended the BRIT School , where Stephens studied media and Alexander-Sule studied theatre . Stephens was in the process of making their mixtape Minor Breaches of Discipline where they rapped over samples of some of their favourite artists ( Gorillaz , Lily Allen , Arctic Monkeys ) and asked Alexander-Sule to sing over some of the tracks . Realising how well their styles fitted together , they formed Rizzle Kicks in 2008 . [ 3 ] The name stems from 'Green Rizla ' , an early nickname given to Stephens by a football teammate after a crew of the same name from the school that they attended at the time . That nickname evolved into 'Rizzle ' , and the duo decided on the suffix 'kicks ' due to their shared love of football . [ 4 ]
As a newly formed duo , they hustled for beats from local producers , honing their sound , and created several bedroom demos , three of which ended up on their debut album . They also created a presence online ; blogging on their website `` Your Daily Kicks '' as well as posting lo-fi music videos to their YouTube channel . [ 5 ] The videos were co-directed by the band and made by Toby Lockerbie , a wedding photographer they met at a party . A video was made for a demo of `` Down with the Trumpets '' in the summer of 2010 , closely followed by the video for `` Miss Cigarette '' . During that time , they had finished college and Alexander-Sule went on to work as an assistant drama teacher , whilst Stephens was flipping burgers at the Corals Greyhound Stadium in Hove .
Their YouTube videos caught the attention of several record labels and in November 2010 , they signed to Island Records , part of Universal Music . They continued work on their debut album and worked with several producers including Ant Whiting , Norman Cook ( Fatboy Slim ) , The Rural , Future Cut and Craigie Dodds .
2011–12 : Stereo Typical and commercial success [ edit ]
In June 2011 , the duo released a promotional single , `` Prophet ( Better Watch It ) '' accompanied by a stop motion style video made up of 960 photographic stills . The track was initially offered as a free download , before being released on iTunes . In July 2011 , they learnt they had an unlikely fan , in that of Stephen Fry who proclaimed over Twitter that they were `` unexpectedly loving the old school hip hop sounds of Rizzle Kicks . `` [ 6 ] Over the summer , Rizzle Kicks played a number of festivals ; they supported Dizzee Rascal at Ibiza Rocks in June and were invited back to support The Streets . They also headlined the BBC Introducing stage at Reading and Leeds 2011 after having played Radio 1 's Big Weekend in May .
Their first official single , `` Down with the Trumpets '' , was released on 12 June 2011 , in the manner of on air on sale , entering the UK Singles Chart at # 84 and going on to eventually peak at # 8 in September 2011 , having been certified gold . The single spent a total of 13 weeks in the Official Top 40 . [ 7 ] On 23 October , they released their second official single `` When I Was a Youngster '' which peaked at # 8 . Their debut album Stereo Typical was released a week later on 31 October 2011 , entering the chart at # 9 , peaking at # 5 and was certified platinum in May 2012 . Their third single `` Mama Do the Hump '' , which was produced by Norman Cook , a.k.a . Fatboy Slim , was released on 16 December , eventually peaking at # 2 and has been certified platinum . The lo-fi video features a cameo from James Corden . The track spawned a dance craze known as 'The Hump ' which infiltrated parties across the UK and generated many YouTube videos of members of the public doing the dance .
The pair featured on `` Heart Skips a Beat '' by Olly Murs , which was released on 21 August 2011 , entering the chart at # 1 on 28 August 2011 . [ 8 ] They have recorded remixes for artists including Ed Sheeran , Jessie J , Foster the People and Olly Murs . They made a remix video for close friend Ed Sheeran 's song `` You Need Me , I Do n't Need You '' which features Sheeran himself , and was filmed in the band 's back garden in one take . [ 9 ]
In the summer of 2012 , Rizzle Kicks helped to launch the 2012–13 Arsenal away kit under the theme of Purple Reign .
2012 : Touring [ edit ]
Rizzle Kicks ' played their first headline tour from March to May 2012 , a sellout , including two nights at London 's Shepherds Bush Empire . A second headline tour took place in winter 2012 ; they played 26 dates across the UK including O2 Academy Brixton and The Roundhouse in London . The live set up currently consists of a band including a guitarist , drummer , bass player , trumpet player with Alexander-Sule on second guitar for some songs . Their shows are characterised by high energy , dancing and bra throwing from female members of the audience . [ 10 ] Throughout the summer of 2012 , Rizzle Kicks played many major festivals across the UK , including Wakestock , T in the Park , Wireless Festival and T4 on the Beach , along with headlining the Bestival and V Festival . In July , they played a series of shows across the Southern coast of the UK as part of the Olympic Torch relay and carried the torch in Hastings . In May and late October 2012 , they embarked on mini tours around Europe as well as a stint in Australia for the festival Park Life in early October .
In December 2012 , it was announced that they will play the Royal Albert Hall in March with Labrinth as part of the Teenage Cancer Trust shows , a charity of which they have been long-time supporters . [ 11 ]
Rizzle Kicks worked on their next album with Norman Cook , [ 12 ] Ant Whiting and new collaborator Pharrell Williams , whose track did not appear on their album , [ 13 ] whilst also working on a scripted comedy sitcom that they have co-written and hope to star in . [ 14 ]
They embarked on a US tour from January to February 2013 , supporting Ed Sheeran and Foy Vance . On 3 June 2013 , Rizzle Kicks announced their new album , titled Roaring 20s , releasing it on 2 September 2013 . In June , they played the `` BBC Introducing '' stage at Glastonbury Festival .
On 4 December 2013 , Rizzle Kicks released a new song , `` Happy That You 're Here '' , to their YouTube channel . [ 15 ] and on 9 May 2014 , the duo headlined the May Ball at Aberystwyth University , [ 16 ] and the Summer Ball on 6 June 2014 at Royal Holloway , University of London .
On 2 April 2014 , it was revealed that Stephens had been cast to star in E4 drama series Glue . In April , Stephens ( credited as Rizzle Kicks ) rapped a verse on the remix of the grime track `` German Whip '' by Meridian Dan , which also featured Skepta , Bossman Birdie and Professor Green .
In 2014 , Rizzle Kicks teamed up with Evian for the 2014 Wimbledon Championships and released a single entitled `` Tell Her '' , with a video featuring Maria Sharapova . [ 17 ]
In October 2014 , Rizzle Kicks performed Meghan Trainor 's `` All About That Bass '' in a special music collaboration with James Corden for Channel 4 's `` The Feeling Nuts Comedy Night '' raising awareness of testicular cancer . [ 18 ]
Alexander-Sule also appeared as a gang leader in the 2014 thriller The Guvnors , set in south-east London . [ 19 ] [ 20 ]
Rizzle Kicks , with Vic Reeves perform the closing theme tune to the Shaun the Sheep Movie , released 2015 . They appear in an animated version of the song , viewable on YouTube . [ 21 ]
In March 2015 , Alexander-Sule played Jimmy Sullivan in the ITV crime drama Unforgotten .
Rizzle Kicks , on 10 August 2015 , they released on Spotify a song Summertime , which was very similar to The Fresh Prince and DJ Jazzy Jeff 's 1991 song of the same name .
In April 2016 Stephens made a guest appearance in the ninth episode of the second series of the Comedy Central series Drunk History .
Stephens is currently releasing music under the stage name Wildhood , and released their debut solo EP Vert on 16 March 2016 following the singles `` Psycho Jam '' and `` Double Dark '' . [ 22 ] They had previously released two collaborations with Mikill Pane ; one , `` Check '' , under the pseudonym of Gnarly Ventura , and the other , `` Hold My Crown '' , under their real name . In April 2017 , they used the stage name Al , the Native when featuring on The Last Skeptik 's `` Drumroll , Please '' .
Alexander-Sule is currently releasing music under the stage name Jimi Charles Moody , and has released several singles . [ 23 ] Their debut single , Blue Honey , had over ninety thousand plays on SoundCloud in its first month . [ 24 ] That song , as well as singles Other Man , Death Row and The Woman have over fifty thousand SoundCloud plays . [ 25 ] Their song House of Moody was featured in a Lexus ad and also the Madden NFL 16 soundtrack . [ 26 ]
Rizzle Kicks appeared on The Late Late Show with James Corden on 19 September 2016 as guests and to perform their new single . [ 27 ]
Stephens appeared on the second episode of the Robot Wars celebrity special with a collaboration with the Terrorhurtz drivers called Dee , a pink axlebot . It lost two of its fights by knockout but won the third by a split decision , which gained it 2 points , but not enough to progress to the final , as it would have needed to have won by a knockout to earn 3 points .
In December 2016 Stephens appeared as a Rebel soldier in Rogue One : A Star Wars Story . [ 28 ]
On 16 February 2018 Jordan produced their own single under the name `` AI The Native '' , their first track titled `` The System ''
Discography [ edit ]
It appears Citron Research 's Andrew Left is changing tack on beleagured Canadian drugmaker Valeant Pharmaceuticals ( VRX ) .
The activist short seller -- who helped send shares of Valeant into a tailspin last fall -- said in a Monday interview with Real Money that they `` would n't be surprised if there 's a bounce '' in the drugmaker 's stock , which has fallen more than 90 % since last summer .
`` I 'm long for Valeant , but I also own some out-of-the-money puts , '' they said , noting he 's unfazed by Valeant 's decision today to broaden discounts on two drugs , Nitropress and Isuprel . ( Puts are common investment vehicles used in short selling . ) `` I do n't think they 're going to make any decisions that are going to torpedo their company , '' Left added .
The most important metric in gauging Valeant 's recovery , according to Left , will be sales of its flagship Xifaxan , which was obtained as part of Valeant 's $ 11 billion acquisition of Salix last April . Robust sales will be crucial to spur growth , especially as Valeant looks to offload a roughly $ 31 billion debt burden , Left added .
Valeant has long been trying to extricate itself from intense media scrutiny surrounding allegations that the company has unfairly hiked drug prices to exorbitant levels , with its former CEO , Michael Pearson , appearing before the Senate Special Committee on Aging last month to apologize for having said shareholder interests were their top priority , interests above patient and hospital concerns .
On Monday , its new CEO , Joseph Papa , reiterated their mission to rebrand the company 's image as a patient-first drugmaker , as part of their broadening of product discounts .
`` I also want to thank the Senate Committee on Aging and the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for the attention they have brought to this issue , and specifically to gaps they identified in the previous program , '' they said in a Monday statement . `` We are committed to getting this right . ''
-- Real Money 's Carleton English contributed to this report .
Bernie Sanders threw in the towel today in their epic campaign to win the Democratic Party 's nomination for president , standing on a stage in Portsmouth , New Hampshire beside the woman they had spent the whole primary season denouncing as a tool of the corporate elite and especially of the Wall Street banking cabal , and saying they endorsed them as the party 's candidate for president of the United States .
The event marked the sad , if widely predicted , end to what for a brief time had electrified millions of young and working class voters : a major party candidate for president openly calling themselves a socialist , proudly harking back to their days as a radical civil rights activist instead of trying to hide their past and their arrest record , and unabashedly condemning the greed , corruption and lust for power of the nation 's ruling elite .
I confess to having been inspired by Sanders ' quixotic campaign myself , and while I 'm disappointed that they have ended it in such a dismal and humiliating manner , I 'm not sorry they ran . Thanks to Bernie Sanders , the word “ socialism ” is no longer a pejorative in American politics . It is a political philosophy to which millions of young people are now drawn . That is something that can and will be built upon . For at least two generations it was not possible to call one 's self a socialist and be taken seriously in the United States of Capitalism . Of course , Sanders did n't achieve this breakthrough by himself . Their campaign built directly upon the struggles of the Occupy Movement , which in 2011 gave us “ We are the 99 % ! ” and made it clear that it is the 1 % of the nation 's wealthiest people who basically own and run the country .
Bernie Sanders took that movement 's legacy and ran with it , literally , taking the country by storm and winning 22 states ' primaries along the way – and they probably would have won and maybe did win more had elections and counting been fairer ( a month after that state 's primary was held they were still counting ballots in California ! ) .
The deck was clearly stacked against Sanders ' campaign by a Democratic National Committee leadership that was solidly committed to Clinton and used every trick in the book , from scheduling primary debates at inconvenient times for viewers , like during the Superbowl , to shutting down the Sanders campaign 's access to voter contact records for a time , by a media that never ceased to disparage Sanders , first with red-baiting , then with false stories implying ignorance or incompetence , and finally , in an orgy of pro-Clinton PR , publishing reports that Clinton had “ clinched ” the nomination while Californians and voters in six other states were still casting their ballots in the last primaries of the season . Throughout the campaign the major corporate news organizations all continued reporting that Clinton had over 500 “ superdelegates ” in their delegate total , an almost unassailable amount for Sanders to overcome , though in fact those delegates were not bound to vote for Clinton at all , but were elected Democrats , lobbyists and wealthy funders who had simply stated their preference for Clinton . By doing this , the media made it appear that Sanders never had a chance from the get go , though they actually came amazingly close to Clinton in pledged delegates without ever taking any corporate payola to fund their campaign .
Sanders , by deciding to cave and endorse Clinton – they argue questionably that they have to in order to prevent the possible election of likely Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump – has gravely diminished what they accomplished . As many left critics of their campaign long warned , by endorsing Clinton they will no doubt succeed in urging many of their millions of supporters to “ hold their noses ” and vote for Clinton in November , and will also demoralize others who may retreat into apolitical cynicism and not vote at all . But I suspect that at least 15-20 % of their supporters – and that 's 2-3 million people – will be inspired to move on to a new kind of activism , backing the Green Party and its likely candidate for president , Dr. Jill Stein , as I plan to do .
Stein , who in recent months repeatedly offered to step aside and let Sanders seek and obtain the Green Party 's nomination to run for president in the general election against Clinton and Trump ( he never responded to their phone calls or messages , including an open letter published in many alternative media outlets ) , took no time in bashing their endorsement of Clinton , tweeting : “ It sounds like the only good thing Bernie can say about Hillary is that she 's not Donald . That 's what most of their supporters like about her . ”
In an article in Counterpunch magazine , Stein praised Sanders for the campaign they ran in “ undemocratic primaries , ” which they said had shown clearly “ how a grassroots campaign , armed only with a progressive vision and small contributions from real people , can win over the majority of Americans. ” But they went on to write that by endorsing Clinton , they had become just “ one of a long line of true reformers that have been undermined by the Democratic Party . ”
I wrote on several occasions about Stein 's offer of the Green Party 's nomination , and predicted that had Sanders taken that route , instead of endorsing Clinton , they probably would have taken the majority of their 13 million primary supporters – millions of voters representing about a quarter of the total needed to win a national election in a two-way race – along with him , as well as winning the support of probably a majority of the nation 's independent voters , possibly winning the presidency and destroying the Democratic Party in the process , and win or lose establishing the Green Party as a mainstream opposition party instead of the protest vote vehicle it has been stuck as for decades .
I doubt that without Sanders and their minions and their proven ability to draw huge amounts of cash from their supporters , the Green Party , with Dr. Stein as its candidate , will be able to achieve that kind of result , but then who knows ? We 're talking about a rather bizarre and unprecedented election year , with the two major parties both about to nominate the least trusted , least popular candidates in the history of polling ( last time I looked , Donald Trump has a 67 % distrust level among voters , and Hillary Clinton was at 53 % , with even half of Democrats saying they do n't like her ) . If Stein as the Green candidate ( the Green party 's contested convention is set for the first week of August ) , can get up to 15 % in the polls so they would have to be included in the several presidential debates in the fall , where they can make their positions clear to the American people , it 's possible they could do really well against that pathetic level of competition , especially now with Clinton exposed as , if not an indicted criminal , then an unindicted one whom a majority of Americans think should have been charged for trying to hide their money-grubbing sale of their office as Secretary of State from the reaches of the Freedom of Information Act by using a private server to conduct their State Department “ business . ”
Sanders is now history . No one will remember their Clinton endorsement speech , which was tepid at best . ( He said they were the “ best candidate ” but that was with a choice between them and Trump . And they reminded people that they and Clinton still “ disagree on a number of issues , ” a point that the Republican campaign will be certain to make from now through Election Day . )
Endorsement , such as it was , in hand , the Clinton campaign will have to decide now whether to ignore Sanders or to risk embarrassment by wheeling them out now and again to try and kindle some enthusiasm for their lackluster candidacy among their disappointed former backers , something that will inevitably be a pathetic failure . Nobody who was inspired by their full-throated attack in the primaries on the corruption of politics by big money will listen to them now that they have sold out to the corrupt big money candidate . They may as well go back to Burlington and write their memoir , though odds are the book will end as a lot of dusty remaindered books piling up in discount racks . Booed by Democratic members of Congress when they first returned to the Capitol earlier this month after ending their campaign , Sanders is unlikely to be given any real power when they return in the fall to their seat in the Senate , either . Not that he 'd get much anyway if Republicans continue to hang onto control of that chamber .
Demonstrations planned for the streets outside the Democratic Convention in Philadelphia , which would have had some real excitement to them if there were still a chance that Sanders might jump to the Green Party in the end , are likely to be more desultory affairs , limited as they will be to protesting Clinton 's ascendancy to the role of official party nominee for president . Sanders will get to make their final speech of the campaign on national TV , but it will be an anticlimax without theirs being able to rip into the corrupting big money that has bought the party 's candidate .
The focus for the left must now be to make the Green Party as powerful a factor in this election year as possible , exposing the corruption and venality of both major party candidates and their down-ticket lackeys , and demanding that the media report on the Green platform which – unlike the platforms of the two establishment parties – does stand for something important .
Image copyright Reuters
The High Court has blocked an attempt to bring a private prosecution against Tony Blair over the Iraq War .
Former Iraqi general Abdul Wahed Shannan Al Rabbat alleged the former prime minister committed `` the crime of aggression '' by invading Iraq in 2003 .
No such crime exists in England and Wales and the court ruled there was `` no prospect '' of the case succeeding .
The general had wanted to prosecute Mr Blair , ex-Foreign Secretary Jack Straw , and ex-Attorney General Lord Goldsmith .
Last year , Westminster Magistrates ' Court had turned down Mr Al Rabbat 's bid to bring private prosecution .
They then sought a judicial review in an attempt to get the Supreme Court - the UK 's highest court - to overturn a 2006 House of Lords ruling that there is no such crime as the crime of aggression under the law of England and Wales .
'Important issues '
However , Lord Thomas of Cwmgiedd , the Lord Chief Justice , and Mr Justice Ouseley dismissed the general 's application , saying there was `` no prospect '' of the case succeeding .
The UK 's attorney general had earlier intervened in the case , urging the High Court to block the challenge on the grounds that it was `` hopeless '' .
Reacting to the ruling , a spokesperson for the attorney general 's office said the case had raised `` important issues about the scope of the criminal law '' .
`` It should be for Parliament , and not the courts , to create new criminal offences . This principle was upheld when the House of Lords ruled in 2006 that the 'crime of aggression ' does not exist in English law .
`` In this legal challenge , we argued that this remains the case today and the courts agreed . ''
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Tony Blair visited troops in Basra in 2005
In 2003 , the UK joined the US-led coalition to overthrow Saddam Hussein , after then US president George W Bush and Mr Blair accused Iraq of possessing weapons of mass destruction .
Last year , the UK 's Iraq War inquiry , led by Sir John Chilcot , ruled the invasion had not been the `` last resort '' presented to MPs and the public .
Their report ruled Mr Blair had overstated the threat posed by Saddam Hussein .
Michael Mansfield QC , appearing for Mr Al Rabbat , argued the report justified the prosecution of Mr Blair .
They said a paragraph in it could be summarised as concluding that Saddam Hussein did not pose an urgent threat to the interests of the UK .
It said the intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction had been presented with `` unwarranted certainty '' .
Mr Mansfield told the court : `` Nothing could be more emphatic than this evidence .
`` It does not say there was an unlawful war or crime of aggression . It does n't need to because the criteria are arguably all there in that paragraph . ''
Speaking last year , former Labour prime minister Mr Blair apologised to the families of those killed in the 2003 Iraq War , but insisted they did what they thought was the `` right thing '' at the time .
London : British lender Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) on Tuesday said it was planning to cut over 300 jobs and outsourcing others to India as part of its efforts to become a “ simpler , smaller UK-focused bank '' .
RBS informed staff on Tuesday that it would be letting go of 154 contractors by year-end , while 180 permanent roles have been put at risk—with a total of 92 staff positions set to be axed . “ As RBS moves towards becoming a simpler , smaller UK- focused bank , we 're continuing to restructure our back-office support and reducing its size so it 's a better fit for our business . Unfortunately , these changes will result in the net reduction of 92 roles ... We understand this will be difficult news for staff and we will be offering support to those affected , including redeploying people into other roles where we can , '' the bank said in a statement .
The job cuts are expected to affect tech staff across a number of the bank 's departments including risk solutions , digital engineering services , finance solutions , core and payments , and NatWest markets technology . Reacting to the announcement , workers ' union Unite called on the state-funded bank to impose a moratorium on the “ unjustified '' moving of jobs to India , believed to cover 38 technology-related roles .
“ Unite can not understand how RBS , which continues to be taxpayer-backed , can justify hundreds more staff cuts and continue transferring important work out of the country , '' said Rob MacGregor , national officer at Unite . “ It is wholly inappropriate and unjustified for these technology roles to be sent offshore . Unite has called on RBS to halt the offshoring announcements and impose a moratorium on the offshoring of jobs . The loss of these jobs to India does nothing to support the well-being and livelihood of UK workers and their families . This is not in the taxpayers ' interest , '' they said .
RBS has struggled to turn an annual profit since it was bailed out with 45 billion pounds of UK taxpayers ' money at the height of the financial crisis in 2008 .
Hey , hey , question . You 'll probably think it 's easy , but indulge me . Did this guy — Alejandro De Aza — hit the ball hard here ?
What do you think ? How about this one ?
Or this one ?
I 'll go with no , yes , yes . Whatever your fancy , though , you 'd say this guy is swinging the bat well . No doubt . If you let that last clip run long enough , you 'll hear the color commentator muse , “ That 's four hard-hit balls for De Aza tonight. ” He 'll then remark that another of those “ hard-hit balls ” had also , nonetheless , resulted in an out .
If you wanted to ask FanGraphs ' quality of contact stats — which are generated from Baseball Info Solutions data — the season-long question , “ Did Alejandro De Aza hit the ball hard ? ” they would answer with a resounding , “ YES ! ”
Hard-hit rate leaders , 2016 Rank Name Team Hard % Rank Name Team Hard % 1 Franklin Gutierrez Mariners 47.00 % 2 Ryan Howard Phillies 45.90 % 3 David Ortiz Red Sox 45.90 % 4 Trevor Story Rockies 44.90 % 5 Tyler Flowers Braves 43.80 % 6 Alejandro De Aza Mets 43.80 % 7 Freddie Freeman Braves 43.50 % 8 Keon Broxton Brewers 43.30 % 9 Shin-Soo Choo Rangers 43.20 % 10 Sean Rodriguez Pirates 43.10 % 11 Giancarlo Stanton Marlins 42.90 % 12 Matt Carpenter Cardinals 41.90 % 13 Gary Sanchez Yankees 41.80 % 14 Mike Trout Angels 41.70 % 15 Miguel Cabrera Tigers 41.10 %
Anyone watching De Aza 's whole season — instead of one game on a Tuesday night in August — would have probably remembered the disproportionate number of outs they witnessed and responded in the negative .
Perhaps , at this point , interested observers who came into the knowledge of De Aza 's elite hard-hit percentage might remember FanGraphs ' general advice about the number .
Because we know that baseball is influenced by a lot of randomness , a player who appears to be struggling might actually be struggling or they might be hitting the ball hard without much to show for it . You can look to a batter ( or pitcher 's ) batted ball quality of contact numbers to see what 's going on .
Three or five years ago , De Aza might have been a hot buy-low candidate . That guy actually hit the ball hard more often than Mike Trout , people in the know would whisper to those souls they deigned to bless with this nugget of knowledge .
Last year , those in the know probably just pulled up the Statcast exit velocity leaderboard , scrolled for a while , got confused , Ctrl+F 'd “ De Aza ” and saw that their 88.2-mph average exit velocity earned a triple-digit ranking that started with a 2 .
There are some other less-than-expected names on that hard-hit leaderboard . Maybe it just does n't correlate with average exit velocity ?
De Aza is the dot on the right , all alone , way below the pack of players who supposedly hit the ball hard as often as they did .
Asked that question again — Did Alejandro De Aza hit the ball hard ? — what are you to say ?
You could say no . That 's fine . Their grisly .205/.297/.321 slash line — good for just a 72 wRC+ — will always vindicate you on some level . Their .259 BABIP , miles below their career .324 mark , may also say something in your favor . But , it could also go toward the argument that De Aza was profoundly unlucky . So before you condemn them to the scrap heap , let 's peruse some other numbers , shall we ?
De Aza 's 2016 batted-ball profile shows a couple of things . Their line-drive rate spiked , largely reapportioned from their ground-ball rate ... which sounds like a thing that might lead to an elevated hard-hit percentage . Is is possible De Aza 's softly hit balls were hit so softly that they dragged down their average exit velocity ? Maybe ? We could check for that by looking at the proportion of batted balls a player hit at a decidedly high exit velocity .
Guess which dot represents De Aza .
If we are all to agree that a 95-mph exit velo is usually “ hard , ” then De Aza did n't hit nearly as many of those as you 'd expect . So what in the world is the hard-hit percentage data seeing in De Aza ?
We already noted that one major shift in their batted-ball data ( other than the mysterious hard-hit percentage ) was a decline in grounders . So is hitting more liners and fly balls a way to increase your hard-hit percentage ( not that anyone tries to change that , per se , but you get the point ) ?
The De Aza outlier is gone ! So the Y-axis of this chart focuses on what proportion of a player 's batted balls were reasonably well-hit fly balls or line drives . Put another way , this shows you how often hitters avoided pop-ups , grounders , and cans of corn . And this is the context in which De Aza 's hard-hit percentage appears to fall in line .
None of that explains why they were bad , though . We 've heard a lot about the ways hitters such as Daniel Murphy have renovated their swings to do exactly what De Aza appears to have done .
In fact , in 2016 , Murphy had an almost identical proportion of their batted balls manifest as flies and liners at 90+ mph exit velocities . They also had an average launch angle of 16.6 degrees while De Aza 's was ... 16 degrees .
But here we run into nuance that average launch angles — or average anythings — gloss over .
They arrived there in vastly different ways ! Murphy stroked line drives and low flies between 18 and 22 degrees in bunches . De Aza hit a whole bunch of head-level liners ( like the ones snagged by Segura and Story in the visual portion of this exercise ) and a smaller bunch of high flies that inherently have a low BABIP , but can sometimes turn into homers .
We also know that De Aza hit fewer balls that could be called really hard contact . They lived in the 90- to 95-mph exit velocity band much more than the 100-mph band . Put it together and , yeah , obviously Murphy is getting a lot of MVP votes and De Aza 's agent is placing a lot of calls .
How about a more sane comparison : Sean Rodriguez also appeared on that hard-hit leaderboard , and also transformed their batted-ball profile . In their case , they added liners and fly balls at the expense of grounders . So when those two hitters hit the ball hard , why did one see a power spike while the other just saw their BABIP waste away ?
Oh . That 'll do it . Rodriguez was trafficking in extra-base hits . De Aza was specializing in line drives that could become either singles or hangers that outfielders run in to grab .
What are we to take from De Aza 's difficult-to-explain 2016 ?
Here 's one thing : Hard-hit percentage is probably not going to be a process-stat-of-thumb for very much longer . Statcast 's hit probability is a potential one-off replacement , but even while that is growing into its own , the general understanding we are gaining about ideal hitting trajectories is probably enough to look at De Aza 's 2016 season and understand the issues .
When they hit it in the air , it died in the “ doughnut hole. ” When they hit it on a line , it found an infielder 's glove more often than you 'd think ; barring that , turned into a single — fine , but not what you 're going for in this day and age .
Like so many other investigations into baseball performance , it also ends in a conclusion that would be different for each player . More data means more understanding of the “ ideals , ” but it also means more understanding of individual abilities and limitations .
We do n't know what happened with De Aza . But does n't it seem possible that this was an effort to “ swing up ” gone awry ?
Their 2016 swing resulted in more focused , batted balls that are “ better ” by the broad definitions , but did n't pack the punch required to take advantage of such a change . Of course , maybe if they pull more of them , things are different . Maybe if they spend more time in the weight room , things are different .
We do n't know .
What we do know is this : Alejandro De Aza hit the ball pretty hard , very often . They did not hit the ball well nearly as often . And soon , it probably wo n't be such a struggle to figure out the difference .
When it 's that time of the month , women who find themselves caught short without any sanitary products often know they can ask another woman for help - but one 15-year-old boy thinks they should be able to rely on the men in their lives , too .
In late March , Jose Garcia from Miami , Florida , posted a photo of themselves on Instagram in which they can be seen holding a pair of sanitary pads . In the caption , they called for all boys to carry similar products around in an effort to help girls out .
Since then , the picture has been liked by over 23,300 people , and their hashtag , # realmensupportwomen , has been trending nonstop .
Sensitive guy : Jose Garcia , 15 , posted this shot of themselves holding sanitary napkins on Instagram , calling for all boys to carry feminine hygiene products to help girls
Tampon talk : The teenager said that boys should think of their mothers , sisters , and girlfriends when making the decision to carry around pads or tampons
'To every boy that follows me and and calls themselves a man or simply a good human being , ' Jose wrote under the handle @ falloutbooty99 . ' [ I ] petition for all of us to start bringing a couple pads or tampons to school to help our girlfriends . '
They continued : 'If you have a girlfriend are a friend with a girl , u should know that they do not always have tampons or pads on them , or that sometimes their period just hits them without notice ... We should support them with this , after all , we do n't have to go through all they do because of menstruation [ sic ] . '
They concluded : 'Let 's step it up a notch and help them out . If you have any respect for your mother , your girlfriend , or just women in general I expect for you to follow me on this . '
Buzzing about lady business : Jose could n't believe the outpouring of support for their sanitary napkin photo
Positive comments lauding Jose as a hero poured in , and their hashtag , # realmensupportwomen , soon gained momentum on Instagram and Twitter .
'Wonderful ! If only all guys could be so understanding and kind ! ' wrote one woman .
Another chimed in : 'Shout out to @ falloutbooty99 for being a true gent . And helping us ladies out . [ sic ] '
But not all of the responses to Jose 's call to action were approving ; some people have made fun of Jose for the post , while others have remarked that women should be responsible for themselves .
One of the good guys : Jose 's hashtag , # realmensupportwomen , has been widely used on social media since they posted their Instagram plea
Pass the pad : Jose hopes that the popularity of their picture will encourage other guys to be supportive of girls in need of feminine products
Jose , though , has been 'shocked ' that their post has received so much attention , and is focusing on the more positive comments .
On their Twitter account , they expressed disbelief that the world has gone 'loco ' over their photo .
'Thank you to all of u who are being so nice towards me , ' they wrote in a follow-up post . ' I did n't expect for this to be what it is but I am proud of it . '
Male model Reid Barnes ( pictured ) , who lured a schoolgirl into having sex using children 's game hide-and-seek , has had their jail sentence quadrupled
A male model who lured a schoolgirl into having sex using children 's game hide-and-seek has had their jail term quadrupled .
Reid Barnes , who has 11,000 Facebook followers , met the 14-year-old on the social networking site and started grooming them
They arranged to meet them while they were in Newcastle on a modelling job and ended up having sex with the youngster at the city 's Castle Keep .
Barnes was jailed for a year last month for sexual activity with a child .
But the victim 's family complained the sentence was too lenient and had failed to take into account the fact they had groomed them
The 23-year-old has now been re-sentenced to four years in jail after a judge looked at the case again .
Recorder Eric Elliott QC , at Newcastle Crown Court , said : 'The case came before me on September 18 and during mitigation on your behalf I was persuaded this case did not merit a sentence on the basis of grooming .
'Subsequently it was brought to my attention that it had been the intention of the prosecution to open the case on the basis there had been an element of grooming .
'This is a case , because of the background and contact you had with the complainant before meeting her , that amounts to a feature which can be described as a significant degree of planning .
'You now accept there was a background of flattery and manipulation . Contrary to what I was led to believe previously , there was direct contact between you before the meeting in this city . '
Recorder Elliott said the grooming moved the case into a more serious category in sentencing guidelines which judges must follow .
As well as the four-year prison sentence , Barnes has to sign the sex offender register indefinitely and was made subject to a sexual harm prevention order aimed at keeping them away from children .
The court heard Barnes sent the schoolgirl complimentary and flattering messages on Facebook and encouraged them to contact him .
Prosecutor Simon Reevell said : 'It was apparent they were a schoolgirl on Facebook , there were pictures of them in uniform and references to attending school .
'She began to be concerned the person they were contacting was older and decided it was not appropriate to continue . They suggested they meet at a hotel , they declined . '
The court heard Barnes sent out a general message to their Facebook followers saying they were coming to Newcastle for a job last summer .
Barnes arranged to meet the teenager while they were in Newcastle on a modelling job and ended up having sex with the youngster at the city 's Castle Keep ( pictured )
They also sent the victim a message suggesting they meet , the court heard .
The girl ended up meeting with Barnes and two other people and they went to the Castle Keep .
Mr Reevell said : 'He initiated a game of hide and seek that really was to separate ( the girl ) from the other two so they could be alone , the Crown say .
'The prosecution say they were simply a young girl who did n't know how to respond to their advances . '
Barnes persuaded the girl to keep quiet afterwards and continued to contact them
The offence came to light because they were under investigation for similar offences by police forces elsewhere in the country at the time .
They did not result in any prosecution but police found communications on their phone between them and the girl at their home in Ripley , Derbyshire .
Barnes ( pictured ) , 23 , has now been re-sentenced to four years in jail after a judge looked at the case again
The victim , who can not be named for legal reasons , said they were glad justice had finally been done .
Speaking after the case they said : ' I spoke the truth from day one and I 'm happy the judge has listened to me and believed me . I 'm relieved it 's finally now all over and I can move on . '
The victim 's mother added : 'We were just so relieved they eventually held their hands up and admitted to the grooming as well so my daughter did n't have to stand up and give evidence in court .
'This proves they were completely to blame as they groomed them and they are n't - she 's a child .
'It 's now over and we can start to rebuild our lives and move on . We can try and put it behind us . '
Barnes has no previous conviction but has a caution from 2011 for inciting a child to take part in pornography .
Slave traders ! And they 're jerks ! They demand I hand over one of my crew , and I 'm not nearly well equipped enough to take them in a fight . I have no choice . We draw straws , and Jack goes . Sniff . Jaaack !
FTL is a randomised space adventure in which you manage a ship and their crew , jumping from star to star . Your first encounter could be a free weapon , or a bunch of slave-trading lamewads . And losing a crew member is a big deal : your main interaction is ordering them around your ship , telling them to repair damaged systems , pilot , or heal up in the sickbay .
I have just two left . I put Emily at the helm , and Alison in the engine room ready to repair it if we take damage . We jump , and run into a small scout ship . It 's an easy fight , and we get a good amount of scrap from the wreck . In the next system though , there 's an asteroid field and a pirate vessel .
I target their shield generator with all my lasers and missiles , while chunks of rock batter away my own . As their shields go offline , it 's fun to watch their own crew scramble around inside their ship trying to fix the generator while other systems catch fire . When they finally explode , the scrap from their vessel is substantial .
You can use scrap to upgrade , so I make a major investment to double my shields . And in the next system , I find a spare combat drone . It turns out to be a lethal combination : in every fight thereafter , my drone zaps away their shields in time for my main lasers to take out their generator .
I run into another slaver ship . Hand over a crew member ? How about you hand over ... your ... hull integrity ! Shoot them before they overanalyse my smacktalk !
We 're both double-shielded , I have a combat drone and they have a defence drone . It 's close . I use my lasers to take out their drone control system , and that lets my missiles get through to their shield generator . But by the time I take out their weapons systems , my engine is on fire . Luckily , they surrender – and offer me a slave to leave them alone .
Hah ! No way , assholes ! I do n't slave . I destroy them , but my ship is a mess . The fire in my engine room would kill my crew if I sent them to put it out , so I open the exterior doors and vent the oxygen into space . That puts out the fire , but not before it spreads to the , er , oxygen room .
Alison has to run through the airless engine room to save the life support system . They do it , but suffocates before I can bring the repaired system back online . Emily is left to pilot the ship alone .
This game is brilliant , and brutal , and different every time .
It suddenly occurs to me that the slaver ship I just destroyed might have been the same one that took Jack . In fact , the slave they offered me might have been Jack . And I destroyed him . Jaaack !
Next Monday , the last print issue of Computerworld will roll off the presses after 47 years in print .
In some ways , Computerworld is the spiritual ancestor to Ars Technica . It proudly declared itself as the “ first newspaper for the full computer community , ” gearing itself toward IT decision makers .
While the print version may be going away , its editor-in-chief , Scot Finnie , says that its online version will not .
“ It 's sad to lose anything that has endured so long , ” they wrote on Thursday . “ But we are merely taking part in the natural evolution of the media industry , like so many great publications before us . Trains , after all , were once powered by coal and steam ; Computerworld is moving from paper to electrons . ”
“ Our talented editors will continue to create all the content that has until now appeared in the print publication , just as they always have . That includes coverage of enterprise technologies , careers and management , plus expert analysis and news . Our thriving Computerworld.com website , launched in 1996 , is the primary home of our content . Due to space restraints , the printed edition represents a small subset of our overall editorial offering . There 's a lot more to explore online . ”
Finnie noted that the magazine was preparing a new “ digital magazine ” version , to debut on August 1 , optimized for tablet and desktop viewing .
Do you have any memories of reading Computerworld on paper ? You know where the comments are .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The White House 's official Twitter account sent out something of a mixed message on Thursday . Oil production is at a 24 year-high ! , it trumpeted . At the bottom of the tweet , the suggestion you share that news with the hashtag # actionclimate .
President Obama 's five-year-old climate tension in one awkward tweet .
RT the good news : For the 1st time in nearly two decades , we 're importing less oil than we 're producing . pic.twitter.com/M30ewhgKqi — The White House ( @ WhiteHouse ) November 14 , 2013
Oil consumption , of course , is one of the primary contributors to the climate change that the wh.gov/climate-change page advertised at the bottom of the tweet exhorts visitors to take action on . The spike in oil production under Obama , depicted in the graph above , has largely been the result of improvements in shale extraction processes . Or , in layperson 's terms : fracking . The massive boom in the oil industry on the North Dakota-Montana border is thanks to hydrofracturing — and it accounts for a lot of that spike . ( At right , monthly production since 1920 . ) Fracking raises a long list of environmental concerns : water pollution , methane release at natural gas wells , even earthquakes . And , of course , climate change .
Since they were elected , the president has tried to balance two issues : the job growth that has followed the expansion of drilling in the Plains states and the need to curtail carbon emissions to address the changing climate . That 's the tension we note above , their attempts to portray themselves as hyper-green tempered with deep-rooted caution . Obama still has n't reached a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline , for example — in part due to insistence from business groups that the pipeline 's construction will create jobs .
Criticism against Nestlé is picking up momentum once again as drought plagues B.C. , wildfires rage in parts of the south coast , and residents are facing water restrictions .
Nestlé Waters Canada bottles roughly 265 million litres of water from B.C . every year .
Starting in 2016 , it will have to pay $ 2.25 per million litres due to new regulations . Currently the company and other corporations take the water for free .
`` It 's simply scandalous that a company like Nestlé can take hundreds of millions of litres of groundwater at basically pennies at the same time as other B.C . residents are being asked to conserve water because it 's in the middle of a drought , '' said Liz McDowell , campaign director of an online petition opposing the new regulations .
Nestlé Waters Canada defends its water use , noting it is not withdrawing water from rivers , lakes and streams that are currently affected by drought . Instead , the company draws its water from a groundwater aquifer , said corporate affairs director John Challinor .
`` We withdraw less than one per cent of the available groundwater in the Kawkawa Lake sub-watershed , '' they said in a written statement .
`` Each year we publicly report on our withdrawals and monitoring data in an annual hydrologic monitoring report . These reports conclude that Nestlé Waters Canada has had no negative impact on the Kawkawa Lake sub-watershed in the 15 year history of our operations . ''
The Kawkawa Lake sub-watershed is near the District of Hope , where stage four water restrictions are prohibiting outdoor water activities and watering of lawns .
Petition gathering thousands of signatures
McDowell says the $ 2.25-rate is much lower than those set in other parts of Canada . Them petition , which began earlier in the year and has now gained more than 160,000 signatures , is urging the B.C . government to set a much higher water rate to encourage conservation .
`` We 're fortunate we do have groundwater reserves at the moment , but in California , after two , three , four drought years in a row , their groundwater reserves are actually running dry , '' they told On the Coast 's Stephen Quinn .
`` In B.C. , right now we 're in a position where we can actually stop and think responsibly and make sure we can preserve our groundwater for years to come . ''
McDowell says they will present the petition to Environment Minister Mary Polak once it reaches 200,000 signatures .
Government defends water fee
In an interview with Stephen Quinn on The Early Edition , Polak insisted that the province is not selling water but just charging a fee to industry for `` accessing '' the water for free .
They say raising fees could raise legal questions about who owns the water in the province .
`` That 's a dangerous thing in these days when water is fought over around the world and we see what 's happening in California , '' they say . `` We will never sell that right of ownership . We will allow access but it is tightly controlled . ''
This has been the norm in B.C . for generations , Polak says . Water is not treated the same way as other resources , such as minerals or oil and gas , which have become a source of revenue for government .
`` What would happen if you start to generate a profit , start to generate revenue from water ? What behaviour does that create in government ? ''
Nestlé not treated differently
A higher fee for industry would probably not affect Nestlé 's ability to do business in B.C. , they say , but would more likely affect dozens of smaller local bottled water companies that employ people and are `` good clean businesses . ''
The way to control water use by industry is never going to be money , they say . Instead , they point to strong laws and regulations , such as the new Water Sustainability Act coming into effect in 2016 , which regulates groundwater use and gives the provincial government the authority to step in with mandatory restrictions on all industry in cases of drought .
Nestlé is treated no differently than any other industrial operation in B.C. , they says
`` It 's a straw man that is set up by folks who are , and I understand why , folks who are concerned about Nestlé as a company .
`` If we want to talk about preserving water , it 's about making sure we have strong laws to regulate how much anyone can use — whether they 're Nestlé or anyone else — and ensuring that we never open to allowing multinational corporations to come in to British Columbia and actually buy ownership of some water .
Listen to the interview : Renewed criticism against Nestlé sparked by B.C . drought
Listen to the interview : Mary Polak
My office santa went way , way , way past what I expected . I have walls , but no window , so I need some cool stuff to hang on my wall . Santa delivered like CRAZY .
First , the big poster of The Godfather , is the most unique I have seen - the picture is made of the script of the movie , shaded differently to make Don Vito holding their cat . So dope .
Next , we have a promo still of Alfred Hitchcock posing with their titular `` Birds '' . One of my three most favorite Hitchcock movies !
Gifts three and four came later , and it 's why I waited to post this . When I saw that the package had a customs stamp , I thought `` ohhhh boy , this has got to be something cool .
Totally did n't see this coming .
Not one , but TWO , gorgeous , photo-quality artist 's renderings of Serenity , one in flight , one on the ground ( presumably on Miranda after the events of the movie ) . Now I got ta get to Michael 's and get some frames for these bad boys .
Thank you , Santa - you are royalty , and if I knew who you were I 'd gild the sh * t out of you for these awesomely unexpected presents .
Philadelphia cops cleared in killing of 26-year-old
By Gabriel Black
21 March 2015
On Thursday , the Philadelphia District Attorney exonerated two unnamed police officers who stopped and killed 26-year-old Brandon Tate-Brown in December of last year . Later , Thursday night , police arrested 10 protesters for “ disorderly conduct ” at a community meeting in which residents expressed their outrage at the officers ' exoneration .
Brandon Tate-Brown
Tate-Brown , a 26-year-old unarmed black man , was shot and killed December 15 by a bullet that entered the back of their head . Multiple witnesses say that Tate-Brown was involved in a scuffle with police after a traffic stop but tried to break free several times .
Tate-Brown 's death and the immunity of their killers is the most recent expression of the growth of unrestrained police violence in America . The two unnamed police officers responsible for Tate-Brown 's death join a host of other police officers who have been cleared in the past year for killing unarmed civilians , including the killers of Michael Brown and Eric Garner , with no legitimate public oversight .
Not yet three months into 2015 , American police officers have killed 248 people , according to the aggregating website killedbypolice.net . By comparison , in Germany there were eight people killed by the police in the years 2014 and 2013 combined . In neighboring Canada about a dozen people are killed by the police every year .
Police stopped Tate-Brown around 2:45 in the morning . Originally the police said that they stopped Tate-Brown because their headlights were not on . Later , however , they revised their statement to say that the car was running with its daytime lights on . A video still , released by the family 's lawyer , from a 7-11 market several minutes before the incident shows Tate-Brown 's car with its headlights on .
Police argue that Tate-Brown tried to make a dash for the passenger door of the car in order to access a gun which was found with their DNA on it . Police , however , later stated on their website that Tate-Brown also “ reached for their waistband ” during the scuffle , suggesting that police had conflicting views of where the gun was—despite , in the final account , Tate-Brown having never touched or reached a gun .
Brian Mildenberg , the lawyer representing Tate-Brown 's family , told the Philadelphia Daily News , “ We know from the video that their headlights were on , and we know that they are n't reaching for a gun when they shot him . Whether Brandon started the struggle or whether they had a gun is not clear , but we do know [ that the Police Department ] lied about two items . ”
Though the witness statements and four pieces of videotape of the incident remain closed to the public , there is a medical examiner report that relays the initial police view of the event . It states , “ What they know so far is the incident started as a car stop . The decedent said they were renting the car from a specific company . When police ran the plates , the plate comes back to a different rental car company . They ask the decedent to step out of the car , and the second officer notices a gun between the console and the seat . They tell the other officer . The decedent starts to fight with the officer . Both officers end up struggling with the decedent from the street onto the sidewalk . The decedent get [ sic ] free of both of them and goes for the open car door where the gun was seen . One officer shoots the decedent once in the head . ”
Mildenberg , however , told the Daily News , “ From the video , the moment they were shot , they were running away from the officer , across Frankford Avenue . They were behind their vehicle , near the trunk of the vehicle—not near any doors—when they were shot and dropped down. ” Mildenberg continued , “ If you 're running across Frankford Avenue , obviously that 's not complying with the police officer , and we 're not saying that 's OK . But police are n't licensed to shoot every person that runs from them . ”
Following the announcement Thursday that the two police officers were cleared of any wrongdoing , the mother of the slain youth , Tanya Dickerson , spoke to Philadelphia Newsworks , saying , “ I saw four videos… I 'm telling you I saw my son nowhere near the right side and they never got to open the right side of that car door . ”
Solomon Jones , who blogs for Newsworks , spoke to Dickerson . They said that they described their son as a “ humorous young man who loved to write and to laugh. ” They said they had been to prison before because they defended a woman they loved who was being hit by a man with a pipe . “ He did their time and they came home and just wanted to live and work , ” they told him .
Police have not yet explained where the gun came from in the car , which they describe as “ stolen. ” There also has been no explanation for why the police officers and Tate-Brown fought .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
DENVER ( Reuters ) - A Colorado woman is suing the nursing home where they worked and local police for allegedly not telling them that a gunman who held their hostage was a police officer conducting a safety drill , court documents show .
Michelle Meeker claims in a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Denver that they were terrorized when an armed man confronted them last October at the Heritage Park Care Center in Carbondale , Colorado .
Meeker , a registered nurse , was tending to one of their long-term patients when another employee told them to see what a “ suspicious ” man sitting in the center 's day room wanted , according to the complaint .
The man then showed them a handgun they had in their waistband and ordered them into an unoccupied room .
Although the man told them in hushed tones that they were a police officer , the lawsuit says , Meeker was not informed beforehand of the drill and was unsure whether they were telling the truth .
“ In a desperate plea for their life , they begged the man not to hurt her , telling them they had a young child , ” the complaint says .
The officer , the Carbondale police chief , and executives of the center are named as defendants .
Robert Baker , the executive director of the center and one of the named defendants , said in a statement that the facility routinely conducts safety , fire , and natural disaster drills for its residents .
“ Unfortunately , the training exercise alarmed some at our facility , ” Baker said .
The attorney representing the police department , Thomas Rice , said Heritage approached them to help with the drill , and police told the facility to inform workers of the upcoming scenario .
“ I do n't know whether Heritage notified Ms. Meeker , but it was n't the town 's responsibility , ” they said .
Rice said the displayed gun was not real , and that the officer offered to show Meeker their identification .
Meeker , who resigned shortly after the incident , is seeking unspecified monetary damages for economic loss , mental and emotional distress , and medical bills .
Another student at Bowling Green State University ( BGSU ) has hoaxed a racist hate crime attack , local police have confirmed .
More than a week after the 2016 Election , a man on the BGSU campus claimed they had been pushed to the ground and robbed , all while the two perpetrators allegedly called them a racial slur .
The university 's vice president for student affairs , Thomas Gibson , put out a statement based off a local police investigation where they confirm that the alleged attack did not actually happen , The Blade reported .
It is still unclear whether or not the student will be charged for falsifying a police report .
The hate crime hoax is the second incident on the BGSU campus alone .
Breitbart Texas reported on an alleged incident where a black , female student claimed three white male President-Elect Donald Trump supporters had thrown rocks at them
After a week-long police investigation , the student 's allegations turned out to be a hoax , as cell tower records indicated they were not in the location claimed at the time of the imagined attack .
Further , the student who hoaxed the attack , Eleesha Long , was involved with sending discriminatory text messages about Trump supporters , police said . In one text message , Long said about Trump supporters “ should take an IQ test to vote , ” while other messages said “ I hope they all get AIDS ” and “ I have n't met a decent Trump supporter yet . ”
Long is now facing charges for falsifying a police report .
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow them on Twitter at @ JxhnBinder .
ANNOUNCEMENT ! !
The files for this model have been removed from this page , from now on the files can download for free from www.MyMiniFactory.com . This page will be left for legacy purposes and I will still answer questions if posted .
From now on , all my future projects will feature exclusively on www.MyMiniFactory.com .
My profile page is https : //www.myminifactory.com/users/lilykill .
Sorry for any inconvenience .
This is the Laserkraftwerk weapon from Wolfenstein - The New Order . Thought this game was awesome and really enjoyed using this weapon . This is not a game rip , I 've created the model myself from reference images taken while I played through . The final assembly is roughly 650x150x270mm and will consist of approx . 60 items that will be able to be printed on most bed size .
Currently , the two models to download are a low and high quality STL of the full assembly , I have n't posted the parts as there is still some finishing to be done , but once finished it will be uploaded . There are still a couple things that need to be added but It 's basically there .
Follow me on Twitter @ https : //twitter.com/lilykill1 , and instagram @ https : //instagram.com/lilykill1/ and facebook @ https : //www.facebook.com/Lilykill-253119598353137/ where you can stay up-to-date on my current projects and releases .
Enjoy .
Image caption Cliff Richards ' career began in 1958 so some of their music is already out of copyright
Remember the attempt to extend copyright for music beyond the current 50 years ?
It became known as the Cliff Richard law , because it promised to make sure the veteran rocker would go on earning money from 60s hits like Living Doll for many years to come .
Now it looks as though Sir Cliff and their fellow musicians could be on the verge of victory .
In Brussels today a key EU committee voted to approve a directive that would extend music copyright from 50 to 70 years .
Now all that 's needed is for the Council of Ministers to give it the nod - it 's rare for them to say no - and then member states will be obliged to enshrine the extended copyright in law .
I was under the impression that this was a battle that had been lost years ago , with the UK government dead set against extending copyright .
A quick search turned up a couple of stories from 2006 and 2008 that suggested that was indeed the case .
The Department of Business tells me the government changed tack in 2009 when the EU suggested a modification , so that the new extended copyright term would be 70 , not 95 , years .
When the coalition came to power last year , the new government reaffirmed Britain 's support for the musicians .
This evening a spokesperson for the Intellectual Property Office told me : `` We support this proposal - it should create a fairer system for performers . ''
Image copyright AP Image caption Sir Paul McCartney and Roger Daltrey have also campaigned for copyright extension
What is surprising about this is that ministers have also approved the findings of the Hargreaves Review on copyright .
Its central message was that the copyright regime should be tidied up , and enforced where possible , but that its reach should not be extended .
All those music industry bodies which have campaigned so long for this are keeping their powder dry tonight , waiting for the Council of Ministers to rubber-stamp the decision before they say anything .
A spokesperson at one body sounded pained when I referred to the `` Cliff Richard law '' .
`` Think of the hard-up session musicians not Cliff Richard , '' they told me , claiming that thousands of struggling artists would now be guaranteed a pension .
But expect plenty of outrage from opponents who have argued that copyright extension will only benefit hugely wealthy rock dinosaurs .
There have been plenty of battles in the last few years between the music industry and the web libertarians .
This one looks like ending with a rare victory for the old rockers .
Update 8 September , 0926 : Just to clarify , the copyright extension discussed here refers to music recordings not composition . Composers already enjoy copyright that extends for 70 years after their death - so this extension is about performers .
After nearly fifteen years in the job , Alem Tesema is giving up their career as a taxi driver .
Mr Tesema picked up a man and a woman in central Wellington and took them to Stone Street in Miramar , where they got out of the car without paying .
Mr Tessema said they were told to get out of the car , and when they refused , they were shot . Police believe the weapon used was a small low calibre pistol .
Their shoulder was broken in two places following surgery , but was thankful they are still alive .
They said they worked hard for fifteen years to be a good taxi driver .
`` I learnt very hard to know the suburb and street names in Wellington very well , I know where to go . I 'm an experienced guy , I talk nicely with the customers . I do n't mind $ 10 , $ 15 people are running , I never chase them , '' they said .
They said they were too scared to get behind the wheel again , and did not know what else they will do yet .
Photo : RNZ / Rebekah Parsons-King
Mr Tesema added other drivers were also feeling apprehensive .
`` They do n't drive on night shift , because they say life is more important than money . ''
The news of this has not only stunned the taxi driving community , but locals as well .
One Stone Street resident said the news came as a shock and was n't aware of what happened until much later .
`` One of my sons told me late the next day , but there was a disturbance here after that incident , '' they said .
`` Somebody was walking round banging on the doors and windows here . I never ring the cops then , because I did n't think it was serious enough to ring the cops . ''
The man said they had lived on the street for more than three years and that sort of incident was unheard of in Miramar .
However , assaults on taxi drivers are nothing new .
ACC figures show 20 claims were made last year by taxi drivers and others in the sector , such as those working for rental car companies .
But the figure was lower than the previous three years , which the Taxi Federation put down to the wide use of cameras .
That came as little comfort to Mr Tesema though , who said they wanted more done to keep drivers safe .
So you want to be mentally tough like the Spartan Warriors from the movie 300 ?
Yes , the legend of the Spartan Warriors is a prime example of being persevering despite the obstacles . Having their mental strength is a trait few have obtained through years of practice and pushing through boundaries .
Chances are , you wo n't be a Spartan Warrior anytime soon . But if you want to think and increase your mental power like one , here are 10 things you can do to get started .
1 . Have A Positive Mindset
When the going gets tough , the tough get going ( think 80 's star Billy Ocean ) .
Difficult times are a chance to find out what we are truly made of . To start developing strong mental power , write down your goals and what you set to accomplish . Focus on obtaining these goals and believe they can be achieved . Having a positive mindset will give you the confidence needed to overcome any challenges you may face and get what you want in life .
Advertising
2 . Focus on What You Can Do , Not What Others Can Do .
There will be people in life who will do whatever they can to hold you back . They are envious of you and want what you have . If you spend your time on what they say or do , it takes away your focus on achieving your goals . That 's what they want . Ignore their opinions and stay on track by being present . Observe what is happening right now . The past is the past and the future is unknown . By staying present , you can focus on yourself and whats important now .
3 . Develop Short Term Memory Loss
So there is no mind eraser tool from Men In Black that can magically erase every defeat we have suffered .
Practicing short term memory loss though is beneficial to better mental power . In football , a great defensive player has to develop a case of “ amnesia. ” Players often get beat by their opponents and in order to play at a high level , they must shake off defeat and move on to the next play . This takes practice but can be a huge advantage for you . When you get beat , forget about it . Pick yourself up , dust off and move on to the next play . There is always another play .
4 . Sit in Silence
In today 's world , it 's easy to become overwhelmed with work and life . When feeling overwhelmed , a great sign of strong mental power is the ability to tune out the noise and sit in silence . It will help you view things differently with less emotion and ego . Create a space where you can sit in silence for 5 minutes a day . Turn off the electronics , sit comfortably , and focus on your breathing . You will find yourself feeling calm and relaxed during the session . As you continue to practice , work up to 30 minutes a day as you will gain more clarity and insight into your life .
Advertising
Read more about the additional benefits of sitting in silence .
5 . Practice Patience
They say patience is a virtue and boy it sure is . Today , we are so used to having things right now that we forget what it means to have patience and let things develop . So if you are in the middle of a project , in the beginning of dating someone , or starting a new workout program , trust the process . It 'll make it worthwhile because all good things come to those who wait .
6 . Learn from Failures
We tend to see failure as the worst thing possible . But those with strong mental power see failure as a learning experience . Failure brings clarity to situations . We learn the most when we are not successful . If you have experienced failure , think about what you would have done differently and apply it to the next project .
If nothing else , everybody loves somebody who can do the worm .
Advertising
7 . Visualize the Win
Successful people with strong mental power are always looking to improve . They see failures as temporary setbacks , not career ending events . It starts with visualizing success . Imagine whatever you are doing whether its presenting a PowerPoint deck or writing a novel and see that it will be successful . Envision giving a killer presentation or the book you wrote will be the best seller . It will boost your confidence and help you strive to achieve anything and everything you want in life .
8 . Always Strive to Finish
We all have been here . We are at the gym and set the treadmill for 30 minutes but we end up jumping off halfway through because we do n't feel like finishing . We think completing half a workout is better than not doing anything at all .
Yes , it 's better to do something than nothing at all but if you want to increase mental power , you can not stop halfway through . It may not seem like a big deal but if you are finishing halfway through a workout , what else are you stopping short of in other areas of your life ? Next time you are headed to the gym or to work , set a goal that is obtainable . Jump on the treadmill and no matter how tired you are , finish the 30 minute session . A trademark of mentally strong people is that they never quit and finish no matter what . Always strive to finish .
9 . Do Something Outside of Your Comfort Zone
We all have that one friend who is always looking for the next adventure . They suggest skydiving over the coastline , quitting your job to go backpacking in South America , or anything that brings on a rush .
And usually , we respond with this :
Advertising
I do n't blame you for saying no but think about how many times you have said no to something new . While you do n't have to do something crazy like jumping out of a plane , its great for your personal growth to do something that makes you uncomfortable . A big part of increasing your mental power is pushing yourself outside of your comfort zone . Living comfortably can keep you from progressing as an individual and living the life you want to live .
So the next time your friend suggest a new adventure , say yes instead of no . You never know what may happen or who you will meet .
10 . Enjoy the Ride
It is not about the destination but the journey . All things come to an end . What we will remember most are the hours we put into a new business idea , the time spent with friends that created memories and the struggles faced that have us sitting on top of the world .
Enjoy the ride folks . You only get to do it once .
Featured photo credit : Be Strong Like A Spartan Warrior via i.kinja-img.com
Concerns over low wages , zero-hours contracts and mishandling of sexual assault claims are at root of unrest
Strike action at McDonald 's is to spread to outlets across the country in the coming months , following the lead of workers at two restaurants in the south of England .
Dossiers on claims made by staff , ranging from the company 's alleged failure to provide protective equipment for workers using grills to allegations about management mishandling sexual assault claims , are being compiled by trade unionists . The September strikes were the first at McDonald 's since it opened in the UK in the 1970s .
Branches in the north-east and north-west of England , Yorkshire , Scotland and Wales are expected to be involved in the next stage of attempts to build up a union structure at the company . About 40 staff went on strike in September at two restaurants in Cambridge and Crayford , south-east London , after a ballot in favour of industrial action amid concerns over low wages and the use of zero-hours contracts .
The fast-food chain has been one of the biggest users of zero-hours contracts in Britain , although it has this year started offering workers the option of moving to fixed hours .
“ We are looking at moving [ the strikes ] right across the country so we are planning very carefully how that will be done and how workers can take part , ” said Ian Hodson , national president of the Bakers , Food & Allied Workers Union , one of Britain 's oldest trade unions .
Workers in managerial positions are also among those who have come forward to voice concerns confidentially about issues including burns sustained from grease popping from grills .
At least one McDonald 's worker in the UK has also alleged that the company did not respond adequately to claims that they were sexually assaulted by a more senior member of staff .
Tom Holliday , a 25-year old a shop flight attendant at a branch in Cambridge told the Observer that awareness of the union had increased both among colleagues and customers since the strike .
All power to the McDonald 's strikers . Young people ca n't live like this | Suzanne Moore Read more
“ Things have settled down now and we have moved into having regular meetings to talk about issues in the work place and how we can win small changes , ” they said “ We did n't have the correct protective equipment and the company has now acted on that and given us the correct equipment . We needed visors and aprons in order to clean out filters . Since the strike we put in a complaint and it was immediately brought in . ”
They added that action had also been taken in relation to customers who had been rude and aggressive towards staff .
“ In the past rude customers were completely ignored . The reaction would be to give them free food to get them to go away . One particular customer would threaten people and we had consistently made the point that this person should be banned . As a result action has been taken . ”
Holliday , a father with a young son , believed that the expansion of efforts to build a union presence would help moves for pay claims .
“ On a personal level it has been empowering to take the action and the support has been much greater than we expected . We still get people coming through in the drive throughasking how it is going and what is going to happen in the future . ”
A spokesperson for McDonald 's said : “ Health and safety is of paramount importance to us and we place great emphasis on our employees ' safety . We have robust training and processes in place for our staff and our restaurants are regularly inspected by environmental health officers to ensure our high standards are upheld . ”
“ We 're unable to comment on individual HR cases , but would , of course , take any accusation of sexual harassment extremely seriously . ”
How do you build a human liver that could one day function normally inside a patient ?
We 've been working on the concept of building solid organs for quite some time now , and we have many different strategies . One strategy is to take a donor organ that 's not being used and would have been discarded and , using very mild detergents , wash the cells away . Basically , two weeks later , you 're left with something that looks a liver , you can hold it like a liver , it feels like a liver , but it has no cells . It 's just a skeleton of the liver , the matrix , which we call the scaffold . Using that technology , we 're able to reperfuse that scaffold with , ideally , the patient 's own cells .
If using the patient 's own cells is ideal , what happens when that 's not possible ?
Luckily , for the most part , we 're able to use cells from the same organ , even if that organ is deceased . We use the progenitor cell population : the cells that have the potential to form the organ but have not been affected by the death of the organ . We like to use these cells because they 're organ-specific cells and already know what to do . If you 're going to make a windpipe , you want cells that already know that they 're a windpipe .
What if the organ needing to be implanted in the patient just is n't available ?
We very rarely have a case where you are missing cells from the organ in question , but if we do n't have organ-specific cells , the next best choice would be stem cells from other parts of the patient 's body . For example , if you 're trying to make a liver , you may be able to get stem cells from the bone marrow to re-create the tissue of the liver . In this case , since you get the cells from the same body , there 's no rejection .
The liver is n't the first organ you 've built in the labyou 've successfully implanted a lab-grown bladder . So what makes this development particularly noteworthy ?
Building a solid organ like the liver in the lab is different and harder than with an organ like the bladder because solid organs are very vascular . When we process the liver , we actually have to preserve the blood vessel tree and perfuse it with blood vessel cells . Then we infiltrate the parenchyma of the scaffold with the liver cells . It 's much more complicated . It 's the difference between baking a cake and making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
Tell me a little about how these lab-grown organs are made . Is it a long process ?
We start out by getting a cell tissue box from the patient , usually less than half the size of a postage stamp . Then we extract the cells from that piece of tissue to expand the cells outside the body in large quantities . Then we start composing the tissue very much like a layered cake , one layer at a time . Doing this , we 're able to create the organ , and we put it into this oven-like device that has the same conditions as the human body37 degrees Celsius and 95 percent oxygen . We let the organ `` cook '' here , and usually two weeks after , that the organ is ready for implantation . So it takes about four weeks to grow the cells and about two weeks to create the organ . We usually give ourselves about eight weeks for the entire process .
How does the ability to grow organs ( and tissues ) change the current state of medicine ?
There are more than 110,000 people currently on U.S. transplant waiting lists . And with current technologies , patients , for the most part , have to wait for someone else to die before they can get an organ and live , which is kind of ironic if you think about it . Every day , patients are waiting for organs , and they 're getting worse and worse over time .
And , when a patient does get an organ from another person , it comes from a different body . It has different properties , and a person 's natural tendency is to reject that organ . So the two major challenges today are tissue and organ rejection and shortage . That is where this field called regenerative medicine comes in , [ bringing ] together many different specialty areas to achieve a way to create ready-made organs and tissues for patients that are made from the patient 's own cells .
You implanted the first lab-grown bladder into a patient already . How 's they doing ?
She 's been doing very well . It 's been four or five years since we published the paper , but she 's had the bladder for over 10 years .
So what are the next steps for your work on the liver ?
Right now we 're making miniature livers . We 're in the process of constructing larger segments that are at least four times as large as the current ones . Our ultimate goal is to make the livers larger and larger until we can get them to a size that can be implanted into a patient .
What are the main obstacles to achieving this goal ?
The main obstacle is the vascular aspect of the organtranslating it to work in larger structures while preserving the same paradigm you see in the small livers .
Is it possible that we can build a heart ?
Yeah , we 're actually using the same strategy to build the heart as we are with the liver .
Can we expect to see miniature hearts soon then ?
Absolutely , yes . We 're building the heart currently using the human cells .
What about brains ?
Absolutely . I think this same strategy could be applied to build most solid organ systems in the body .
Wow . So what kind of things would be transferred over ? For example , when someone suffering from brain trauma underwent a brain implantation , would memories and skills learned over time remain intact ?
The goal for us is to reproduce as many properties as possible . We test these organs at all levelsthe molecular biology , cell biology , physiology and pharmacology levelsbefore we implant them to make sure that they function the same way a human organ does .
So a lab-grown brain might function similarly to the brain of a newborn baby ?
That 's right .
Do you ever see a day when we 'll have mass-produced lab organs ?
The future is certainly pointing in a direction . [ But ] , since they come from the patient 's cells , we 'll still be making them individually .
By Deirdre Fulton
The Anthropocene Epoch has begun , according to a group of experts assembled at the International Geological Congress in Cape Town , South Africa this week .
After seven years of deliberation , members of an international working group voted unanimously on Monday to acknowledge that the Anthropocene—a geologic time interval so-dubbed by chemists Paul Crutzen and Eugene Stoermer in 2000—is real .
`` We have had an incredible impact on the environment of our planet , '' says Colin Waters , principal geologist at the British Geological Survey . Pixabay
The epoch is thought to have begun in the 1950s , when human activity , namely rapid industrialization and nuclear activity , set global systems on a different trajectory . And there 's evidence in the geographic record . Indeed , scientists say that nuclear bomb testing , industrial agriculture , human-caused global warming and the proliferation of plastic across the globe have so profoundly altered the planet that it is time to declare the 11,700-year Holocene over .
As the working group articulated in a media note on Monday :
Changes to the Earth system that characterize the potential Anthropocene Epoch include marked acceleration to rates of erosion and sedimentation ; large-scale chemical perturbations to the cycles of carbon , nitrogen , phosphorus and other elements ; the inception of significant change to global climate and sea level ; and biotic changes such as unprecedented levels of species invasions across the Earth . Many of these changes are geologically long-lasting and some are effectively irreversible .
These and related processes have left an array of signals in recent strata , including plastic , aluminium and concrete particles , artificial radionuclides , changes to carbon and nitrogen isotope patterns , fly ash particles , and a variety of fossilizable biological remains . Many of these signals will leave a permanent record in the Earth 's strata .
`` Being able to pinpoint an interval of time is saying something about how we have had an incredible impact on the environment of our planet , '' said Colin Waters , principal geologist at the British Geological Survey and secretary for the working group . `` The concept of the Anthropocene manages to pull all these ideas of environmental change together . ''
Indeed , the Guardian compiled more `` evidence of the Anthropocene , '' saying humanity has :
Pushed extinction rates of animals and plants far above the long-term average . The Earth is now on course to see 75 percent of species become extinct in the next few centuries if current trends continue .
Increased levels of climate-warming CO2 in the atmosphere at the fastest rate for 66m years , with fossil-fuel burning pushing levels from 280 parts per million before the industrial revolution to 400ppm and rising today .
Put so much plastic in our waterways and oceans that microplastic particles are now virtually ubiquitous and plastics will likely leave identifiable fossil records for future generations to discover .
Doubled the nitrogen and phosphorous in our soils in the past century with our fertilizer use . This is likely to be the largest impact on the nitrogen cycle in 2.5bn years .
Left a permanent layer of airborne particulates in sediment and glacial ice such as black carbon from fossil fuel burning .
Now , scientists must commence their search for the `` golden spike '' —explained in the Telegraph as `` a physical reference point that can be dated and taken as a representative starting point for the Anthropocene epoch . '' This could be found in anything from layers of sediment in a peat bog to a coral reef to tree rings .
`` A river bed in Scotland , for example , is taken to be the representative starting point for the Holocene epoch , '' the Telegraph reports .
The Guardian points out : `` For the Anthropocene , the best candidate for such a golden spike are radioactive elements from nuclear bomb tests , which were blown into the stratosphere before settling down to Earth . ''
However , Jan Zalasiewicz , a geologist at the University of Leicester and chair of the working group , told the paper that while `` the radionuclides are probably the sharpest—they really come on with a bang , '' humanity has left no shortage of signatures .
`` We are spoiled for choice , '' they said . `` There are so many signals . ''
According to the Telegraph , once one or more golden spike sites have been selected , a proposal for the formal recognition of an Anthropocene epoch will be made to a series of commissions , culminating at the International Union of Geological Sciences . The process is likely to take at least three years .
This article was reposted with permission from our media associate Common Dreams .
New research by Counterpoint indicates that 87 percent of Americans upgraded to smartphones by the end of March , with Apple remaining the top vendor .
Apple remained the top vendor of U.S. smartphones
Parallel data echoes the same findings
Counterpoint 's Market Monitor quarterly tracker for Q1 2014 pegged smartphone growth at 7 percent over the previous year.While Samsung sold the most handsets , Apple remained the top vendor of U.S. smartphones . Counterpoint Research Director Neil Shah told AppleInsider that Apple 's iOS claimed 36.9 percent of U.S. smartphones sold in the quarter , outside of the Android ( 59.2 percent ) , Windows Mobile ( 3.6 percent ) and Blackberry ( 0.3 percent ) sales that analyzed by the firm.Apple accounted for the largest share of smartphones for three of the top four U.S. mobile carriers : 52 percent at AT & T , 51 percent at Verizon Wireless , and 36 percent at Sprint , while taking the second place spot behind Samsung on the more value-oriented T-Mobile/Metro PCS with 24 percent.Counterpoint noted that among all U.S. smartphones , 75 percent were LTE , and added that Apple and Samsung together accounted for 70 percent of those LTE shipments.Following the release of iPhone 5 in late 2012 , Apple rapidly became the leading vendor of American LTE smartphones , despite arriving to the LTE party nearly two years behind Android.Earlier this month , comScore 's MobiLens report presented similar data that assigned Apple 39 percent of U.S. smartphone sales for the quarter ending in March.Data from comScore indicated that Apple maintained 2.7 percent growth in U.S. market share over the previous quarter , while Samsung 's share grew by only 0.7 percent and the other vendors in the top five ( HTC , Motorola and LG ) each lost share.First quarter data from Canaccord Genuity analyst T. Michael Walkley similarly indicated Apple 's iPhone 5s remained the top selling phone on all four U.S. carriers.In terms of measurable use , Chitika Insights web traffic report for April assigned Apple 's iOS platform a 53.1 percent majority of all smartphone web traffic , while all Android devices combined amounted to just 44.5 percent , and Windows Phone and Blackberry combined took the remaining 1.8 percent .
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk has claimed that Chelsea and Tottenham have submitted offers in an attempt to bring their services to the Premier League .
The Brazilian striker , who has recently represented Brazil in the Confederations Cup has been attracting transfer interest all summer , with Chelsea being heavily linked following Jose Mourinho 's appointment at the club earlier this month .
And Hulk has grown increasingly frustrated with their career in Russia , following a series of incidents since their arrival from Porto in 2012 .
In the same month in which they arrived at Zenit , media speculation reported that fellow teammates Igor Denisov and Alexandr Kerzakhov were angry at Hulk 's sky-high wages in comparison to the rest of the squad .
Hulk has also fallen out with coach Luciano Spalletti during their time at Zenit and had expressed their desire to leave .
Speculation has remained strife regarding their potential whereabouts this summer despite the fact they resolved their differences with the coaches .
And in a radio interview in Brazil , Hulk was adamant that move Mourinho and Andre Villas-Boas had made strong approaches for their services this month .
`` These approaches do exist . There are lots of clubs interested in me though .
`` Zenit is a great club , but if I do go I want to move to a better place , with a better team in a better competition , '' Hulk said .
Whoever wins the race to sign the striker will be expected to be a high fee in order to secure their services , after Zenit paid nearly £50million for their services in 2012 .
Despite this , Zenit are reported to be willing to sanction their sale , if the offer is right .
Chelsea is the favourites in the race for their signature but the lure of working under former Porto boss Villas-Boas could be enough for Tottenham to secure the signing of the Brazilian international .
Write for GiveMeSport ! Sign up to the GMS Writing Academy here : https : //bit.ly/12evFlH
DISCLAIMER : This article has been written by a member of the GiveMeSport Writing Academy and does not represent the views of GiveMeSport.com or SportsNewMedia . The views and opinions expressed are solely that of the author credited at the top of this article . GiveMeSport.com and SportsNewMedia do not take any responsibility for the content of its contributors .
Toronto Maple Leafs Senior Vice President and General Manager David Nonis announced Thursday that the hockey club has extended its affiliation with the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL . The Leafs shared the affiliation with the Minnesota Wild in 2013-14 but Toronto will now be the Solar Bears ' sole NHL affiliate for the next two seasons .
“ The Leafs are extremely pleased to renew our affiliation with the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL , ” said Nonis . “ As an organization , we are confident that our future prospects will continue to develop professionally under the tutelage of Solar Bears coach Vince Williams . ”
“ We are excited about the opportunity to continue our affiliation with the Maple Leafs organization and look forward to a successful partnership , ” said Orlando Solar Bears President/CEO Jason Siegel .
The Solar Bears compete in the South Division of the Eastern Conference of the 21-team league . Last season , the team posted a record of 43 wins , 24 losses , 2 OTL and 3 shootout losses and earned a playoff berth and second place in the division .
Orlando 's third season in the ECHL in 2014-15 will be highlighted by hosting the annual All-Star Game on January 21 , 2015 .
Toronto had previous affiliations with Reading , Columbia and Pensacola of the ECHL .
A large number of football players around the world live a precarious existence in which contracts are not respected and their control over their career path is minimal , according to a survey carried out by the global players ' union , Fifpro .
The Fifpro Global Employment Report paints a picture of an industry fraught with instability and , in an alarming number of cases , insufficient regulation , with basic employment standards not being met . Among its findings is 41 % of players have experienced delayed salary payments over the last two seasons and the median net monthly income of those surveyed is between $ 1,000 ( £804 ) and $ 2,000 a month .
Alan Pardew on precipice as Crystal Palace lose again – Football Weekly Read more
Just under 14,000 footballers working in 54 countries across Europe , the Americas and Africa returned questionnaires . It is believed to be the widest survey of professional sports people conducted although the English , Spanish and German leagues were among a number of high-profile bodies not to participate . Fifpro believe this should not detract from the survey 's effectiveness , pointing out it lays bare the risks inherent in pursuing a football career for those below the elite .
“ This is about the reality of our football industry , which is completely different from what most fans are thinking , ” said Theo van Seggelen , the secretary general of Fifpro .
“ It shows that not every football player has three different cars in three different colours . We really see the report as a possibility for urgent change , because we can not accept this situation any longer . It is confirmation of what we already know , but the problems are also even worse than I had thought . I hope clubs realise they have to feel really ashamed . ”
Chief among Fifpro 's concerns is the issue of late payment . Fifa rules allow clubs to pay players up to 90 days after the due date ; beyond this point a player is permitted to unilaterally breach their contract although the constraints of the transfer window often make this impractical . The report found 78 % of late payments fell within that three-month window ; the remainder , which accounted for nearly one in 10 of the players surveyed , were forced to wait longer . Fifpro attribute this to “ jackpot economics ” , whereby clubs spend heavily at the start of a season without knowing whether they can honour projected payments , and during a short career in which only 5 % of respondents were aged 33 or above such delays have severe knock-on effects on livelihoods .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The percentage of players to have experienced payment delays in each participating country . Photograph : Courtesy of Fifpro/Handout
“ Last season I played 12 months at two clubs , and I was not paid for nine months , ” said an anonymous player from Romania , where 74 % of players reported delays . “ The first club said they did not have any money . In January I got an offer to go to another club . The club I was playing for said I could only go if I gave up on my three months of unpaid wages . I agreed . I wanted to play .
“ The second club dissolved after six months and I did not receive any money . My parents paid for my boots , my food and more . They also had to take care of themselves and my twin brother and sister . ”
Van Seggelen , who proposes the 90-day period is reduced in the first instance to one month , wants stronger sanctions against countries whose clubs do not pay their players promptly . “ You need to have a licensing system in which it is forbidden . There are examples in western Europe and it is very simple to copy it . Controls are needed and if a federation is not willing to do it in the proper way then you must have the guts to say their national team can no longer play qualifying games , or apply financial sanctions . ”
Fifpro uncovered numerous instances of players being victims of financial overspeculation by clubs . Over 6 % of players had been forced to train alone by a club – a phenomenon twice as likely to be experienced by foreigners and effectively a form of solitary confinement – and 22 % were aware of the practice . In the vast majority of these cases the clubs were seeking to remove a player from their wage bill or coerce them into signing a less favourable contract by freezing them out of contact with their team-mates and the chance to train conventionally .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Pie chart showing the proportion of players made to train alone – and the reasons for this treatment . Photograph : Courtesy of Fifpro/Handout
Freedom of movement is an accompanying issue and 29 % of respondents reported they had been forced to join a club against their will despite holding an ongoing contract , usually due to pressure by agents or other third parties . Of that figure 47 % had also experienced non-payment . In Serbia 82 % of players stated that they had been subjected to such a move .
Fifpro hopes such data will bolster the legal case against the transfer market that it filed to the European Commission last September . Van Seggelen is due to deliver the report to the European Commission on Tuesday and will highlight what they believe is the restrictive influence of transfer fees on football 's labour market : the survey found 29 % of those who transferred for a fee were influenced to sign for a club that was not of their choosing .
Among a number of other issues highlighted by the survey , to which 13,876 individuals responded , was that 10 % of players had been threatened by fans , club management or fellow professionals during their career .
This included a notably high figure from Scotland , where 34 % reported threats of violence on a match day from supporters – second only to DR Congo – while players were three times more likely than the global average to have been threatened by another player . Sectarian tensions are considered likely to be behind these statistics .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest This graphic shows the countries – including Scotland - in which the highest percentages of players have been threatened with violence . Photograph : Courtesy of Fifpro/Handout
The PFA , while supportive of the report and holding considerable influence within Fifpro , opted out owing to the strength of the mechanisms it believes it already operates for England-based players . It has longstanding collective bargaining agreements in place to improve and negotiate their conditions and rights ; its deputy chief executive , Bobby Barnes , is president of the global body 's Europe division but felt the focus of the survey was less relevant to its members .
“ We felt taking part would dilute the statistics , ” Barnes told the Guardian . “ Our case is as good as there is and we 'd far rather highlight situations where things are going wrong .
“ Our position is that overdue payables are the major issue that faces footballers globally and we completely support any moves aimed at making sure clubs pay players and respect their contracts . ”
Jellyfish do n't look all that appetizing . They 're also armed to the bell with some of the deadliest chemical weapons on Earth . They do n't even make for a very hearty meal . So it seems unlikely that small , feathery penguins would willingly seek this potentially dangerous prey .
Yet that 's the conclusion of a new paper published this month in Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment . “ It is hard to believe that penguins , which are endothermic animals and thus need fair amounts of energy from their food to keep their bodies warm , could find any benefit in eating relatively energy-poor prey like jellyfish , especially in freezing Antarctic waters , ” says Jean-Baptiste Thiebot , a postdoctoral fellow with Japan 's National Institute of Polar Research and lead author on the study , which confirms jellyfish might be a more important food source for penguins than previously thought .
“ Crustaceans , and more so fish , contain much more energy per gram , ” they said , and therefore “ seem much more adequate to satisfy the energy demand of penguins , ” especially when they are rearing chicks .
Daring Penguins Regularly Dine On Dangerous Jellies
But the videos do n't lie . Thiebot teamed up with 16 other scientists from five countries to assess the diets of penguins using video cameras attached to the backs of 106 penguins . They included four species—Adélie penguins ( Pygoscelis adeliae ) , yellow-eyed penguins ( Megadyptes antipodes ) , Magellanic penguins ( Spheniscus magellanicus ) , and little penguins ( Eudyptula minor ) —and captured more than 350 hours of footage of the feathered predators hunting .
The cameras documented over 200 instances of jellyfish consumption , including painful sea nettles ( Chrysaora plocamia ) and Cyanea . The birds were seen tearing off chunks of larger jellies and consuming smaller ones whole . ( Sea turtles do it , too : Watch one snack on jellyfish tentacles . )
This is n't the first study to suggest jellyfish make up a substantial portion of penguin diets . Back in 2013 , marine biologist Simon Jarman and their colleagues isolated jellyfish DNA from Adélie penguin scat . In their analyses , jellies and other gelatinous organisms comprised an average of 40 percent of the animals ' diets , and were the only food detected in some individuals .
But those data were hard for some to swallow . The presence of jellyfish DNA was suggested to be from accidental ingestion or because the penguins ' prey had recently consumed them . The new results refute those hypotheses , says Thiebot , as the penguins deliberately attacked jellyfish , even in cases when “ preferable ” species such as lobster krill were available .
“ When we saw the footage…we could finally see that the penguins indeed go for the jellies themselves , ” Thiebot said , “ and that this was happening not only in the Antarctic but apparently all across the southern oceans . ”
Jarman , who did not take part in the latest study , says it 's compelling to see new evidence supporting their own hypothesis . He 's also not surprised that jellies are on the birds ' menus .
“ It is only unexpected if you subscribe to the naïve dogma that animals will forage for the most energy intense food preferentially , ” they say , but as a rule , that does n't make sense . “ Thinking as a human , if we eat the most energy-dense food exclusively—fats , basically—then we die . ”
Others have theorized that jellies are food of last resort—that the consumption of this low-calorie prey points to an ecosystem disorder . But Thiebot believes their data refute this idea as well .
“ This behavior should not be seen as a mistake when penguins face an unknown prey , or something abnormal suggesting that the penguins could not find better prey to feed on , ” they say . “ These are deliberate captures by the penguins , observed over successive years and within each of the four species and seven populations studied across the southern hemisphere , from temperate to Antarctic waters . ”
“ We still do not know exactly why penguins choose to capture jellyfish , ” Thiebot says . They suggest the quick , easy-to-capture bites along the way could help fuel the animals ' long hunting trips , or that jellies might simply be more nutritious than currently believed . Jarman notes they may also be easy to digest . Whatever the appeal , jellies ' chemical defenses do n't seem to be having any serious documented effects on their penguin predators .
Jimmy Wales Says Irrelevance , Not Piracy , Will Doom Hollywood
from the times-are-changing dept
“ Hollywood will be destroyed and no one will notice , ” Wales said . But it wo n't be Wikipedia ( or Encarta ) that kills the moviemaking industry : ” Collaborative storytelling and filmmaking will do to Hollywood what Wikipedia did to Encyclopedia Britannica , ” they said .
Wales hedged by saying predictions are easy — and he 's usually wrong . But they look at a generation of kids growing up in a world of video and mastering editing software at a young age . Their own 12-year-old daughter , Wales said , is already adept at iMovie and won a local award for a short film they made .
And just as Wikipedia has showed that collaboration on the web is possible ( despite the messiness , flame wars and turf battles found on Wikipedia Talk pages ) , the new generation will find ways to collaborate online to create movies to entertain themselves and their friends .
And , Wales says , they 'll do that with impressive special effects , CGI and even remote actors .
Jimmy Wales , who has become a bit of a thorn in the side of Hollywood of late , has given a speech in which they predict that Hollywood is doomed , but not because of any threat from `` piracy , '' but from the fact that technology and innovation means that the old infrastructure that filmmakers used to require is going away . As Ryan Singel at Wired reports , Wales ' talk at the Internet Society 's recent gathering let them predict that disruption was coming from the bottom up : Of course , we 've been seeing this trend already growing at the lower end of the scale for a while . For example , the power that individuals have to create amazing special effects has been documented for years , and the tools are only getting better and better . Does traditional Hollywood havetools ? Absolutely , but this is a classic innovator 's dilemma situation , where the tools at the low end are getting better at a faster rate , and they 're reaching the `` good enough '' point pretty quickly -- such that the value of spending many many millions extra on special effects does n't provide any significant benefit.Add to that the growth of Kickstarter as an alternative funding platform , the growth of the internet as an alternative promotion and distribution method ... and at some point the benefits of going with a traditional Hollywood studio become more difficult to quantify.Of course , this is n't something that happens overnight , by any means . And there arein Hollywood who appear to understand this and are working to get their studios ahead of the curve , though it 's unclear if they 'll be able to do that successfully . Either way , the point that Wales makes is a pertinent one . Instead of worrying so much about online infringement -- the studios might want to spend a little more time figuring out how they can remain relevant .
Filed Under : disruption , hollywood , innovation , internet society , jimmy wales , wikipedia
Companies : kickstarter
Introducing The Violare
( transitive ) Italian
Meaning : To break , to violate , to infringe , to profane
Pronounced : Vee-ol-are-ee
Violin Ownership :
The construction of a traditional violin by hand is an undertaking abundant with complex processes . Even the most skilled and experienced luthiers will spend weeks to complete one instrument , from the initial wood selection to the final varnish coat . The cost of these hours are part of an investment by the violinmaker that must also include the materials , the best of which can amount to hundreds of dollars for a single instrument .
Of course , the labour and material cost puts most hand made violins by recognised makers out of reach for many players , especially students . Many of the “ recognised ” instruments are owned by institutions and wealthy individuals , part of the 1 % Club who hold 99 % of the wealth .
Some of the institutions and individuals loan these instruments to protégés and promising students until they are sufficiently remunerated from their own musical careers to finally own their own specialised piece of history , albeit a less expensive version , and often never . It is an exclusive Club ! But nevertheless , even the very best players will still have enormous , almost impossible difficulty in owning a Stradivari , Guarneri or other famous instrument from the Italian school .
The price gap between instruments made by one person in a small workshop and those made in a factory by many people is enormous . If the instrument made by a single person has a famous name on its label , that price gap becomes exponential .
A Resolution :
To resolve the problem of getting quality hand made instruments into the hands of students and many other players , is to make the instrument more affordable . But how ? One way is to make the Luthier more poor than the majority already are .
Another way is to change that classical shape . While quite beautiful and unchanged for hundreds of years , embracing design changes is the key to affordable handmade instruments . Changing the design of labour intensive components , while not compromising the attributes of sound quality has been tried by many , and despite the naysayers , many have had success . Generally speaking , it is not that those who have embraced change have failed on the practical side , but have failed to gain acceptance for their philosophy . By the way , I do not expect acceptance for my ideas either . I am just another “ trier ” .
However , this approach differs from other attempts to “ modernise ” the violin by simplifying the sound board and enhancing the physics of the resonator . While this is the main difference , other changes have made this instrument easier to construct , and consequently , much faster to build .
Granted , it looks different , but that is unavoidable in context of what I am trying to achieve . However , I believe the design is elegant and the playing attributes are exactly the same as the traditional form . The changes I have made will be considered radical by some , if not many . On the other hand , the rational argument should be to judge all instruments by the way they sound , the way they play and the craftsmanship according to the beholder . Ok , the changes I have made are radical . Below are some of them and the myths that have maintained the attributes of the traditional form for hundreds of years .
Corners :
Myth : Corners on a violin ( the pointy bits ) are necessary to provide strength and integrity to the construction .
Fact : Corners on the violin family of instruments are ornamental , very beautiful in terms of the instrument in its entirety , but nevertheless , superfluous in terms of sound production . The corners have blocks within that inhibit vibration , and vibration is important to amplitude and projection .
The integrity of the construction does not rely on the corners . Many other forms of stringed instruments do not have corners and have also lasted many centuries .
Arched Plates :
Myth : The top plate has to be arched to eliminate the possibility of a collapse under the tension of the strings .
Fact : A flat belly or top plate vibrates more freely than an arched plate . The sound post is a constant with regard to support for the belly . A more substantial bass bar compensates for the strength of an arch and still allows the belly to vibrate more than the traditional form .
Treble Side and Bass Side :
Myth : For convenience of explanation or simple ignorance , people speak of the bass or treble side of the instrument as being affected by the soundpost on the treble side as one set of circumstances , or the bass bar on the bass side as another set of circumstances ..
Fact : The violin is a system where all strings are dependent on the soundpost as an island or fulcrum to maintain stability while the bass bar pumps air in and out of the “ F ” holes when any or all strings are excited by the stroke of the bow .
Misplaced Belief in Ancient Technologies :
Fact : Experts in many fields believe that a number of artisans in Cremona , Italy in the 17th and 18th centuries ( and specifically one artisan ) knew more about wood properties , chemistry , physics ( especially acoustics ) , philosophy , maths , geometry and most other disciplines than we know about today .
Myth : All of the above .
“ F ” Holes :
Myth : The “ F ” Hole design is based on the ancient Golden Section and the irrational number of Phi to design and position them , and to change them in any way will be detrimental to the violin .
Fact : The “ F ” Holes evolved from early in the 16th Century to the classic shape that Stradivari perfected over their long life . The shape is largely decorative . However , the holes spread from the lower corners of the instrument to be about 42 mm apart on the centre line of the top , providing a “ free plate ” area of vibration that includes the sound post and the bass bar . This design is not the only way that sound production can be achieved .
The VIOLARE embraces the “ f ” hole concept of “ free plate vibration ” that evolved through the 16th and 17th centuries , but in a very different way . The ” slits ” that replace the “ f ” holes produce very little sound because of the small surface area they occupy . Their sole purpose is to increase the area of “ free plate vibration ” , thus allowing the bass bar to pump the belly more freely when a string is excited by the bow , the amplified sound exiting the body through an elliptical sound hole that is partly obscured by the fingerboard .
This concept comes exclusively from the research done by John C. McLennan , who inspired the VIOLARE when I read this essay on the function of the F-Holes .
http : //www.phys.unsw.edu.au/music/publications/mclennan/fholes.pdf .
Two paragraphs from this work inspired my journey with the VIOLARE , and those inspirational words follow :
“ The unique shape of the f-holes must allow the bridge the maximum freedom to function in transferring the string vibrations to the top plate with some latitude in bridge placement as seen in early paintings . Other shapes while allowing the Helmholtz resonance , would appear to be more restrictive . Crescent shapes both inward and outward facing have been used . Flame shape openings have also appeared . What has been lacking is the simultaneous inward projection at the upper end and the outward projection at the lower end .
An additional round sound hole placed under the fingerboard in some instruments would simply serve to enlarge the sound hole area in determining the Helmholtz resonance . Whether f-holes could be reduced to slits close to the C-bouts to enlarge the central area , and the Helmholtz resonance opening be provided by a circular sound hole under the fingerboard is a development few would welcome . ”
Those last five words ; “ a development few would welcome ” may have discouraged me , unless a suitable aesthetic quality could be found . Some would still find this development unwelcome , until they play this instrument , with its big sound , intensity , projection and clarity .
The Soundpost :
Since the early 19th century , probably commencing with Savart 's research , the conventional wisdom has been that adjusting the soundpost by small increments away or closer to the treble foot of the bridge will enhance or be of detriment to the sound of the instrument . Apparently , the thinking was that each individual instrument has its own particular soundpost position , with a standard starting position being 5 mm directly behind the treble foot of the bridge .
In part of the recent research by John C. Mclennan in a review of the soundpost function , they conclude ; “ This review of the soundpost is a small part of the wider study of violin acoustics . It suggests that the sides may need to be taken into account with the soundpost . It shows that the traditional thinking about adjusting the soundpost ( position ) is not correct. ” http : //www.phys.unsw.edu.au/music/people/mclennan.html
The VIOLARE embraces a standard position that is not 5mm behind the back face of the bridge , but 5 mm from the centre of the bridge foot to the centre line of the soundpost . Because the VIOLARE soundpost protrudes through a 6 mm hole in the top , these measurements allow the treble foot of the bridge to sit half on the the top of the post , and locks the post and the top to the sound board with the downward pressure of the strings .
Scroll and Pegbox :
Myth : The scroll is based on the Golden Mean Spiral . The scroll is also an integral part of the instrument and , without it , the sound dynamic of the instrument changes .
Fact : A simple system of modern ultra light machine ends is preferable for students and players alike . Professional players may disagree simply to uphold the tradition.The scroll itself is quite beautiful , but nevertheless , decorative .
Varnish :
Myth : Violin varnish is one of the “ secrets ” of Stradivari 's fabulous sound .
Fact : Many of the best violinmakers have stated that they think their instruments sound better “ in the white ” , that is , prior to being varnished .
Purfling :
The excellence of a violin is often measured by the way the purfling is laid down as a border to the instrument . People rave about “ bee stings ” where the three strips of colored wood or fibre meet at the corners . Other than decoration , the only purpose served by purfling is to prevent splits at the edges of the instrument from traveling into the soundboard and back of the violin . The edgework , including the purfling , is labour intensive when compared to binding , the common way to protect the edges of guitars and many other stringed instruments .
The VIOLARE eliminates the “ overhang ” that violins have , and uses ivoroid binding similar to the guitar . It also eliminates the edgework or scooping of the edges that is common in hand made violins . The time saved in this process is substantial .
Change for the Sake of Change ?
Wanting to change for the sake of change in itself is futile . As one famous saying goes , “ if it ai n't broken , do n't fix it. ” The violin in its present form “ ai n't broken. ” However , if students have to rent or be loaned a hand made violin , there is definitely room in World of the Violin for a more affordable alternative without compromising the finer playing qualities of the traditional , nay , historical form .
Testimonials :
The prototype made its way North from here to be tested by a Phd in Musical Performance ( violin ) and to be videoed for Youtube . The video , comparing a Lupot violin to the first Prototype of the Violare , appears below these comments made by the player :
“ The violin arrived yesterday and I took it along to a rehearsal . The top end is great ! Here is where it shines , especially given its ‘ newness ' . It can even handle Romantic Classical repertoire re projection , intensity and clarity but it also has a sweetness about the tone ‘ way up there ' . I ca n't get the same out of the lower two strings , primarily ( I think ) due to the very low action – I was ‘ fretting it out ' with the pressure of my bow , producing a rattle . However , played gently , it has a warm , airy tone down there – very suitable for Baroque style ( 18th century/pre-Romantic era ) Folk or Classical . A couple of my colleagues think it would sound great with gut strings – the real deal ones – so I might experiment with this , I have a Justin White Baroque violin to compare it to as well .
Interestingly , I found the Baroque style of playing suited your other violin too , perhaps it is in the timbers ? My group were also unanimous in hearing a brilliant mandolin , when played as one , and are now very curious about your mandolins ! ”
This link http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4_xrVPgS-8M provides three playing styles in a comparison between the Violare and the Lupot , which , according to its owner , “ if you are aiming for volume , clarity/brilliance with a warm tone where it 's needed , the Lupot is a great target . ”
Pricing and Ordering :
The VIOLARE is made to order unless , at the time of contact , an instrument is available out of the workshop . Enquiries and Orders : EMAIL : bazguest @ optusnet.com .
The cheapest handmade violins are priced around $ 2,500.00 to $ 3,000.00 and will typically be the work of one person , providing cohesion in the process and close attention to the detail that inevitably produces the best amplitude , projection and tone – and , most importantly , ongoing support from the person who made it .
The cheapest factory violin can be as little as $ 100.00 , and can typically pass through one hundred pairs of hands , providing NO cohesion between the components , which inevitably produces a disappointing instrument with NO after sales service .
The VIOLARE takes half the time that a violin takes to make by hand and therefore can be purchased exclusively from Barry Guest of Sydney for only $ 1350.00 and includes a basic case . Postage is extra but at cost to your destination Worldwide .
The Russian LGBT Network has opened a refuge center in Moscow for Chechen gays fleeing persecution in Chechnya . According to the organization , about 25 people have already left the republic and another 30 , who are assisted by LGBT network staff , are planning to leave Chechnya in the near future . Four to five people apply to leave every day on a twenty-four-hour hotline . The organization has security protocols that help to conceal the refugees ' identities . The LGBT Network hopes to send refugees to other countries where they will be granted asylum ; network employees are involved in negotiations with the embassies of Western countries . Journalist Elena Kostyuchenko learned the details of the evacuation from the organization 's employees . They also spoke with those who have already managed to leave .
Volunteer ( on condition of anonymity )
Today there was a boy . We went to collect passports . They were standing in line and motioned at their arms that bore strange invasive injuries . The skin seemed to be peeling off . It was not a burn , not a cut . I had never seen anything like this . It turns out that these are electrocution injuries . They cling on some clothespins and shoot through 220 [ volts ] , and the places where the [ clothespins ] are attached are most affected . Now it [ looks ] like [ he has ] a deep eczema that goes into the muscle . I do not even know how to explain it .
I say to him : “ Do you need medical help ? ” They reply : “ No , of course not , it is already healing. ” And they talk about it joking to each other . What they say can not even be processed in your head . All those who participate in the project , all our employees , all of our volunteers , will have to undergo psychological rehabilitation after all this .
Igor Kochetkov , Russian LGBT Network board member
Фото : Petr Kovalev / Interpress / TASS
I first received information about what was happening in Chechnya about three weeks ago . An “ anonymous friend ” wrote to me on [ social network ] VKontakte . They had a page , of course , but I understand that this , in all likelihood , was [ a pseudonym ] . [ He said ] : there are rumors that gays are being captured , tortured , and killed en mass in Chechnya . I asked them who was spreading these rumors , they said : friends at work . I asked them if they could [ introduce me to ] people who could tell me something . They wrote : brother , of course not . I wrote to my colleague who works on Chechnya . They said they would look into it … within a week we received confirmation . On [ March ] 29 , we opened a hotline , put up information on online communities . But before the publication of the Novaya Gazeta article , this e-mail address did not receive a single appeal .
The main problem for us now is that people are very intimidated . We must understand that the LGBT community in Chechnya and in the North Caucasus is generally absolutely closed – they are basically intimidated [ and ] do not trust anyone . But now there is a common threat . The main question that they ask is : why should we believe you ? It is necessary to convince them . I myself started to go onto these online communities , saying this is who I am , this is my name , you can find everything about me on the Internet , all [ about ] my life . And if you believe me , I am ready to help you . They are used to being last grade people . This thought has been inculcated in them [ and ] they believe it . And it is hard for them to imagine that someone cares about them [ and ] wants to save their lives .
Yesterday I talked with one of the runaways . And they said that the most dangerous people for them are their relatives . I was shocked : they love their relatives , worry about them , but at the same time clearly understand that [ these relatives ] are ready to kill them . And they do not condemn them ! They argue : Well , that is the way it is , what can you do , there is nowhere to run . But they do have a place to run to .
What is happening in Chechnya falls under the “ crime against humanity ” article of Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court . Massiveness , different treatment , reprisals against a specific group … [ in an ] organized [ manner by ] official representatives . The federal authorities could intervene , but so far they have not . The Hague is investigating this as a crime against humanity . We are currently looking into the application process . Each of the applicants will also be able to apply to the European Court of Human Rights .
Tatiana Vinnichenko , Russian LGBT Network chairperson
We currently have two types of escaped persons . The first are those who were caught in a wave of detentions in February ; they were imprisoned , tortured , [ and ] starved . Some were paid ransoms for . Some were given to relatives with the instruction : “ you know what to do. ” In February , those who survived the torture were given to their relatives . [ Chairman of Chechnya 's parliament Magomed ] Daudov came to the release , called them pederasts ( men who engage in sexual activity with young boys ) , they were convicted , they confessed . And relatives , apparently , can not kill their children immediately . This is my guess . These guys managed to escape . They somehow got out of the republic themselves , settled here with friends , and now , having realized that they can not get a job , have responded to our appeal . They are afraid that as soon as they start to show their documents here , their relatives will be told where they are .
Currently , there is a second wave of [ violence against gay men ] in Chechnya . The second wave of refugees is those whom we are currently helping to escape . They have been hiding in holes and cracks , at their friends ' houses , in strange places , and are asking for help . We ask them to get to the nearest major city and then buy them tickets [ to the cities of central Russia ] . These are , of course , the heavy cases . [ These ] people have just overcome torture . A person is released , their family has not yet told them anything or made any decision , and they leave the house with a bag at seven o'clock in the morning , saying that is going to work , and ends up with us .
Until yesterday , I was convinced that these people are simply being [ exiled ] out of the republic . But now I have received confirmation that groups of men from Chechnya are looking for relatives in Moscow whom they [ suspect of being ] gay . There are also cases of violence . What was the order that they received ? To clean the Chechen nation of filth or something ?
It is impossible to count [ the number of detainees ] … [ there are approximately ] 150-200 detainees . Each of them can say : I was in a cell with 25 people . But you can not [ make conclusions based on ] these figures , because it could all have been the same cell . We do not [ ask them ] who sat with whom . They stayed [ in the torture prisons for ] seven to ten days . These are the ones who survived , were released , and managed to escape from the republic . The rest are still there . We do not know which of them is alive .
People are crippled . There is a boy sitting in an apartment for the third day straight . I said to him : “ Look , we are already applying for a visa ! ” And they ask : “ Can I just stay here ? ” I say : “ Of course , live here for as long as you like , [ you are welcome ] to ensure that they do not go completely crazy after the “ electric chair. ” And suddenly they say : “ I have never gone out with men , I just had these messages on my phone . I just love talking . I am a sociable person ! And I generally like girls . Do you believe me ? ” I say : “ Of course. ” They convince me that they are not gay and that they should be let go . It seems as if [ he is ] undergoing an interrogation and I am the police officer .
They are tortured there in Argun . They have a special chair with electrodes fixed to them . [ The men are ] tied up and the current is [ turned on ] . [ They are forced to ] confess , firstly , that they are gay , and secondly , to say denounce [ those ] who are gay in their phone [ books ] . It is clear that they will say anything there .
One got into the car and started yelling : “ Am I to blame that I am like this ? It is not my fault ! I myself am not happy about this life ! What can I do though ? ”
[ Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry ] Peskov says that this is all unverified information . This , of course , is true . You can also say that I am sitting here lying . But why should I ? And why should they ? To get themselves a visa ? We do not issue visas here . And these burnt hands , broken jaws ... These people would n't just leave their native land , they are very attached to their land , to their relatives . Why should a Chechen simply declare themselves to be gay ? To just go off to Germany or something of the sort ?
They all worry that their mothers remain there . Some have grandmothers , other have aunts instead of the mother . These are the elderly women who will remain without them , without means of subsistence . And I say : “ Forget everything . Let us buy you phone and a SIM card . Do not call anyone in Chechnya and do not leave any [ traces on ] social networking sites . We will sit and wait for the departure . You can write from there if you really need to . ”
We practically can not provide them with psychological help . Only a few agree to it and even then , it is unclear [ precisely ] what the psychologist should do for a conversation to take place . They do not want to talk to women . But they do not talk to men either ; they do not want to seem weak . They have no strength left .
They have such fear that they do not believe us ! Everyone who sought help from us were afraid that this was all some type of trap specially designed to entice them . Every one of them has told me this . Everyone we brought in said : “ Thank God that it is you ! An ordinary Russian woman … we thought that everything was already over. ” I say : “ Why did [ risk it ] then ? They say : “ But would have been killed there anyway . ”
There was [ an appeal ] from Dagestan last Saturday . We came to a man [ and ] demanded that they surrender all gays . If this starts in Dagestan , we will surely choke on [ the workload ] . I know that this week two [ refuges ] will fly in from Ingushetia .
Recorded by Elena Kostyuchenko
With an estimated 1.6 million new cases of cancer to be diagnosed this year , finding a cure for the disease remains a top priority for many researchers . Now , investigators have looked to a parasite commonly found in cat feces - Toxoplasma gondii - to create a cancer vaccine .
T. gondii is a single-celled parasite that resides in the intestines of any warm-blooded animal , although its ideal environment is a cat 's intestines .
Researchers say a parasite commonly found in cat feces - T. gondii - could hold the key to a cancer vaccine . Researchers say a parasite commonly found in cat feces - T. gondii - could hold the key to avaccine .
The parasite can be contracted through eating undercooked , contaminated meat , drinking contaminated water and ingesting it by coming into contact with cat feces that contain T. gondii . This can happen when cleaning a cat litter tray , for example .
T. gondii can cause a disease called toxoplasmosis , which can trigger flu-like symptoms and muscle aches and pains . Severe forms of the disease - most common among those with a weak immune system - can cause brain , eye or organ damage . However , the majority of people infected with T. gondii do not experience any symptoms .
According to the researchers of this latest study - including David J. Bzik , PhD , and Barbara Fox of the Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth College in Hanover , NH - they already knew that T. gondii has anti-cancer properties .
They explain that when the parasite enters the human body , cells that effectively fight cancer - such as cytotoxic T cells - are produced as a response . The team says that although cancer can shut down the body 's immune system , T. gondii can help restart it .
Mutant T. gondii parasite the 'super strong hero ' that halts cancer progression
Since T. gondii replicates inside the body in order to spread , the researchers note that it is unsafe to inject live strains of the parasite into cancer patients , who will already have weakened immune systems .
As such , they created a mutant T. gondii parasite - named `` cps '' - that is unable to replicate , which they say makes it a safe cancer vaccination . According to Bzik :
`` Aggressive cancers too often seem like fast moving train wrecks . Cps is the microscopic , but super strong , hero that catches the wayward trains , halts their progression and shrinks them until they disappear . ''
On testing the cps vaccine on mouse models with aggressive melanoma and ovarian cancer , the mice showed significantly high survival rates . Bzik says the cps vaccine stimulates `` amazingly effective immunotherapy against cancers , superior to anything seen before . ''
The researchers say the vaccine could even be tailored to each patient . `` In translating cps therapy to the clinic , we imagine cps will be introduced into cells isolated from the patient , '' Bzik explains .
`` Then , Trojan Horse cells harboring cps will be given back to the patient as an immunotherapeutic cancer vaccine to generate the ideal immune responses necessary to eradicate their cancer cells and to also provide life-long immunity against any future recurrence of that cancer . ''
The researchers note that before cps can be tested in humans , they need to better understand the mechanisms behind it . However , they say that so far , it appears to hold `` incredible promise '' for new cancer treatments .
Medical News Today recently reported on a study published in The Journal of Leukocyte Biology that suggested antihistamines may be effective against cancer .
That is a pretty one-sided commentary . Yes Putin has lied and will do so in the future . But what have western leaders done in the meantime . What about Iraq when the US leadership lied blatantly to the world without blinking either . Colin Powell showed us photos of mobile anthrax production labs , equipment for nuclear bomb material production and so on ... Does that make them a dishonest clique that should be isolated from world affairs and marked as outcasts for breaking the rules of current international order ( the rules are clear , a country can legally attack another one only in self-defense or under a clear UN mandate stemming from a Security Council resolution ) . The truth is that Putin wants to do , and is doing , only what they see western leaders do so often , break the rules when their interest necessitate it and demand complete abidance by those same rules when it fits their goals . Let us not forget the Libyan affair either , where the agreed upon rules of engagement morphed from limited intervention to an outright regime change . You say that the annexation of Crimea executed by Putin is a dire and direct challenge to the existing world order , but in that case what about Kosovo ? Let us also examine the probable results of these actions and the gravity of their potential consequences :
1 ) Large scale conflict and redraw of European borders is unlikely to be triggered by Putin 's actions , aside from few cases where newly independent countries were formed as a direct result of the collapse of the Soviet Union ( YES Ukraine is a newly formed country , just like Georgia , Kazakhstan , former Yugo republics… .. so it is logical their borders will probably adjust here and there before things settle ) . The borders in Europe are stable and have been so for some time , and the interconnectedness fostered by EU integration makes unilateral moves unlikely and prohibitively costly to anyone who might dare to do so .
2 ) On the other hand the US led intervention in Iraq has created the potential of upending the entire geopolitical structure that has existed in the Middle East since WWII . An Islamic Caliphate is being created in front of our eyes borders are effectively being erased and we are perhaps on the verge of large scale sectarian conflict that can potentially engulf the entire Middle East , with disastrous consequences for worldwide security and economy ( the Arab states are still the primary supplier of hidrocarbons needed to power the world economy )
I work in finance and we have a simple rule a number by itself means nothing unless you can compare it to a similar data . Your analysis of Putin 's action is just as worthless unless you compare it to the actions of western leaders ( US , UK primarily ) , and when you do so you will see a picture emerging that deviates significantly from the black and white canvas that you drew in your article .
An analyst , practitioner , politician and intellectual from your caliber should not produce such shoddy articles .
BR .
According to current surveys , Agile software development is now implemented by a majority of organizations and Scrum is the project management framework the most widely used in these companies . The reality of the Scrum implementation could always been discussed , but one of the main characteristic of Scrum teams is that they are ( or should be ) self-organized . Gone are the days where a project manager would assign work and have make decisions for the team .
The side effect of this situation is that team members are now responsible to assign between themselves the workload and they are also the first one that will need to deal with conflicts between team members . The former project manager authority and responsibilities are now spread amongst the Scrum team . But do Agile developers really want this ?
The ScrumMaster is there to remove impediments and smooth the relationship between team members , but they have no special authority in the team . I do n't think that self-organization will create more conflicting situations than traditional project management , but I do n't think it will solve all people issue either . Self-organization relies on the ability of team members to communicate and negotiate the workload , the task assignments and the technical or personal conflicts that they might have . The transition from a hierarchical team organization to a flat relationship where everybody participates is not easy and faces many challenges .
Software developers have in majority an introverted personality type and this is not the best asset to interact with colleagues , sometimes even just to express needs or feelings . This might be eased if there are some friendship feelings between team members that enhance confidence to speak , but this is not the case in conflict situations . Self-organization might end us as just being organized by the most vocal members of the team and those are not necessarily the best one . It is the role of the ScrumMaster to prevent this situation .
Another implied hypothesis of self-organization is that all team members have an equal weight in decisions . This could not be the case when you have teams that mix internal employees and contractors . If external members are a minority , employees will often want to take the most interesting part of the work for themselves either with the noble intent to keep the core application knowledge internally or sometimes with a little jealousy to see freelance people earning more than their own salary . In this case , the participation of some members of the team to its organization will be limited .
If a Scrum team could be self-organized , this is rarely the case of the entire organization that hosts it . Team members might still have different titles or functions in the organizational charts that could impact the power relationships between team members . This is especially true when project managers are used as ScrumMaster in a company that transition to Agile . Developers might still consider them as managers and expect a top-down supply of solutions for the team problems .
Self-organization also implies a culture that allows individual responsibility , affirmation and positive contradiction . This is not always the case in all organizations or countries . In some places seniority is still a strong value and open conflict is something that should be avoided at all costs . I remember an Agile coach explaining the problem to implement Scrum in the Korean subsidiary of their company . They mentioned as an example the planning poker activity where younger employees feel harder to argue against the estimation of senior team members . It is also psychologically difficult to think that somebody argue against one of your idea is not arguing against you .
Besides these human factors associated with self-organization , the team is now responsible for rising up the issue with non-performing members . This is the case of people that are either technically limited or that have a difficult personality to work with . Team members have now to negotiate with these people to try to use them as best as the can or initiate the process that will remove them from the team . As we might have wished some time to have the power to fire somebody we were working with , having to do it for real is something completely different , as the Monty Python would say . If Agile is supposed to reveal issues faster than traditional projects that had a longer delivery timeframe , the creation of technical debt is not always obviously visible . Some initially working code might then reduce strongly the team velocity if some bad decisions were made at the beginning and heavy refactoring is needed . Pair programming is a practice that could help to prevent this to happen .
The self-organization of Scrum gives more power to team members , but with the power also comes the responsibility . The transition from traditional project management is not easy and this organization might not be the best for all people or culture , local or organizational . I am not sure that all Agile developers want to bear some management responsibilities . Being Agile , does n't mean that development managers have to stop working to maintain healthy relationships between team members . Like the ScrumMaster , but from outside the team , they still have to be ready to provide support and actions to keep the project on track , walking on the thin line between letting the team grown and preventing issues to deteriorate too seriously .
Further reading
* Agile Coaching Tip : The Quiet Power of Silence
* Empowerment : The Missing Ingredient for Scrum Teams
* How to Make Your Culture Work with Agile , Kanban & Software Craftsmanship
Generally , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints does not respond to criticism levied against its work . But in light of extensive publicity recently given to false accusations of so-called secret Church committees and files , the First Presidency has issued the following statement :
`` The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was established in 1830 following the appearance of God the Father and Jesus Christ to the Prophet Joseph Smith in upstate New York . This sacred event heralded the onset of the promised restitution of all things . ' Many instructions were subsequently given to the Prophet including Section 123 of the Doctrine and Covenants : '' And again , we would suggest for your consideration the propriety of all the saints gathering up a knowledge of all the facts , and sufferings and abuses put upon them . . . .
`` ` And also of all the property and amount of damages which they have sustained , both of character and personal injuries . . . .
`` ` And also the names of all persons that have had a hand in their oppressions , as far as they can get hold of them and find them out .
`` ` And perhaps a committee can be appointed to find out these things , and to take statements and affidavits ; and also to gather up the libelous publications that are afloat ;
`` ` And all that are in the magazines , and in the encyclopedias , and all the libelous histories that are published . . . . ( Verses 1-5 . ) '
`` Leaders and members of the Church strive to implement commandments of the Lord including this direction received in 1839 . Because the Church has a non-professional clergy , its stake presidents and bishops have varied backgrounds and training . In order to assist their members who have questions , these local leaders often request information from General Authorities of the Church .
`` The Strengthening Church Members Committee was appointed by the First Presidency to help fulfill this need and to comply with the cited section of the Doctrine and Covenants . This committee serves as a resource to priesthood leaders throughout the world who may desire assistance on a wide variety of topics . It is a General Authority committee , currently comprised of Elder James E. Faust and Elder Russell M. Nelson of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles . They work through established priesthood channels , and neither impose nor direct Church disciplinary action .
`` Members who have questions concerning Church doctrine , policies , or procedures have been counseled to discuss those concerns confidentially with their local leaders . These leaders are deeply aware of their obligation to counsel members wisely in the spirit of love , in order to strengthen their faith in the Lord and in Their great latter-day work . ''
Carlsberg is developing the world 's first fully biodegradable bottle for its beverages . The “ Green Fiber Bottle ” will be made from sustainably sourced wood fiber or paper pulp—think of the material used in egg cartons and protective packaging for electronics products—and will be much lighter than glass bottles , according to the company 's Senior Packaging Innovation Manager , Håkon Langen . “ It will be a new look and feel . It will be non-transparent , non-breakable and with a visible fiber structure , ” they told Quartz .
The Danish company is working with moulded packaging specialists ecoXpac , Innovation Fund Denmark , and the Technical University of Denmark to bring a product to market in the next three years .
The Carlsberg Group The Carlsberg Green Fibre Bottle being developed in collaboration with ecoXpac and experts from the Technical University of Denmark . The development is estimated to cost DKK 10M ( USD 1.5M ) , a significant part funded by Innovation Fund Denmark .
Carlsberg 's bottles will be fully biobased and biodegradable , including the cap . Unlike a similar technology announced by the US company PaperBoy Wines last year that use a plastic bladder , Carlsberg 's bottles will be produced in one piece and use an inner coating . The bottles can be recycled like cardboard or newspapers and will decompose naturally .
PaperBoy Wines PaperBoy wine bottle conceptualized by English designer Kevin Shaw of packaging design firm Stranger & Stranger
Carlsberg is also taking great pains to make sure that the taste will not be not affected . “ We never compromise on beer quality , ” assures Langen . They also said the bottles are expected to stay colder for longer than aluminum cans .
The Carlsberg Group is one of the largest brewery groups in the world , owning 500 beer brands including its flagship brand , Kronenbourg , Elephant , Tuborg , and Baltika . In 2013 , it sold a total of 36 billion bottles of beer in 150 markets worldwide . According to its latest annual report , packaging accounts for approximately 45 % of the group 's CO2 emissions .
Trent Wotherspoon is stepping down from their job as interim NDP leader to consider running for the permanent leadership .
Previously , Wotherspoon has repeatedly said they had no interest in running for the permanent leadership , a position being chosen by party members in May 2018 .
On Tuesday they changed their tune .
“ I 'd like to ( resign ) to allow me to give some consideration to running for leader . This is a decision that I do n't take lightly , and I think it 's only appropriate if I was to be giving some consideration here , and wanting to reach out , to step back from this role , ” they said , adding it is a “ different place and time for me and my family and our party ” .
On May 18th , when the legislative session wrapped up , Wotherspoon said — after much prodding from reporters — that they would not be seeking the NDP leadership .
Asked about that statement on Tuesday , Wotherspoon stood by their previous comments .
“ I responded on the last day of session that I was n't running , and I was n't . And in fact , I 'm not even making an announcement that I 'm running here today , ” they said , later adding that at the time , they “ certainly was not planning to seek the leadership . ”
Between now and then , Wotherspoon says they have had time to reflect and speak with people reaching out to them across the province .
“ I recognize that in politics , our word matters , and I do n't take this lightly , ” said Wotherspoon
They also said they have the support of some of their caucus colleagues . There are 11 NDP MLAs .
One of them , Ryan Meili , the MLA for Saskatoon-Meewasin , has already announced their intention to run for the leadership .
Meili has been dubbed the “ next leader of the NDP ” by the governing Sask . Party a number of times since they won a by-election in March . The Sask . Party has put in an effort to define Meili as a tick to the left of their NDP colleagues .
Asked whether or not Meili 's leadership intentions weighed in on their decision , Wotherspoon said , “ Not at all . ”
Regina-Lakeview MLA Carla Beck is also considering a leadership run , but Wotherspoon 's likely announcement of their own leadership bid could prompt them to change their mind .
The NDP constitution does not stop an interim leader from running for the permanent leadership .
It is expected the NDP will select a new interim leader next week .
Wotherspoon , who is the Regina-Rosemont MLA , has served in the interim position since April 2016 , when they were selected for the job by the party 's provincial council to replace former leader Cam Broten . Broten lost their MLA seat in the provincial election and stepped down as leader shortly after .
In recent months , polls have put the NDP in a nine per cent lead over the Sask . Party .
dfraser @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/dcfraser
It is unknown what research and development was undertaken by Mr Nixon , but in the 2014/15 financial year they were reported to be working on an online sports agency course and a fantasy game called Super Agent . They were also putting the finishing touches to their biography , My Side , which detailed their tryst with `` St Kilda schoolgirl '' Kim Duthie . Mr Nixon hung up on Fairfax Media when asked why the Australian Tax Office had paid the significant rebate to their company Flying Start Australia Pty Limited , but they are understood to have used much of the taxpayer funding to settle personal debts . Former AFL players manager Ricky Nixon . Under the scheme , rebates of up to 43.5 per cent of total R & D expenditure are provided to businesses that `` conduct experimental activities , in a scientific way , for the purpose of generating new knowledge '' .
Administered by the Tax Office and the Department of Industry , Innovation and Science , the program requires applicants to self-assess their eligibility based on a list of approved R & D activities . A spokesperson for the Department of Industry Innovation and Science confirmed `` the two agencies have identified some high-risk areas in the R & D Tax Incentive program '' . Fairfax Media can reveal several discredited business figures received massive rebates from the ATO between 2012 and 2015 , which were siphoned from the companies for personal use . Brothers Jamie and Dennis McIntyre were the subject of a long-running investigation by the corporate regulator before they received 10-year bans from managing a company or providing financial advice in October 2016 . Jamie McIntyre was branded a `` conman '' during a Senate hearing in 2015 over their land banking scheme that targeted vulnerable investors with promises of massive financial returns .
Jamie McIntyre speaking at a public hearing for scrutiny of financial advice in September 2015 in Melbourne . Credit : Wayne Taylor But in March 2014 , a company linked to him , Education Holdings Pty Limited , received $ 530,510.40 in rebates under the R & D scheme . Two years later , the company was placed into liquidation by the Federal Court , owing more than $ 55,000 to creditors . It is not known how the company qualified for the government 's R & D incentive , when Education Holdings was primarily responsible for organising get-rich-quick seminars and publishing Jamie McIntyre 's books . Mr McIntyre did not respond to requests for comment . Despite being declared bankrupt in 2011 , `` technology entrepreneur '' Ramon Russell also received more than $ 645,000 from the Australian Tax Office in five instalments between May 2013 and May 2015 .
Ramon Russell . The rebates were paid into two companies , Advanced Algae Australia Pty Limited and Fluid Processing Pty Limited , which were part of the corporate structure behind Mr Russell 's technology complex in Seaford . The Victorian Innovative Science and Technology Complex was launched in June 2014 by then federal minister for small business Bruce Billson , who lauded Mr Russell for their `` chutzpah '' and `` can-do attitude '' . But by June 2016 , the complex was shut down , while the two companies that received the ATO rebates were recently deregistered . The ATO and the Department of Industry , Innovation and Science appear to have ignored , or been unaware of , the 70-year-old 's bankruptcy and poor governance record when assessing Mr Russell 's suitability for the tax incentives .
Mr Russell had repeatedly defaulted on business partners and investors , and was the subject of two damning reports to the Australian Securities and Investment Commission . They were brought to the attention of corporate regulators in 2011 following serious allegations of mismanagement from a corporate liquidator and again in 2013 over claims the identity of an intellectually disabled woman was used as a front for one of their companies . `` In my view the company has failed due to very poor management . I believe the director has committed a number of offences [ against ] the Corporations Act , '' liquidator RJM said in a report in 2011 . But Mr Russell insisted their companies invested in legitimate R & D . They blamed Frankston Council for contributing to the demise of their technology complex , after a string of planning disputes . `` I 've made a few mistakes along the way , but I never deliberately set out to cheat anyone , '' they said .
An ATO spokesperson refused to comment on the tax affairs of individuals or private companies , but insisted that all participants were `` risk assessed '' before further reviews were undertaken to determine the eligibility of activities conducted or expenditures claimed . `` If claims are found to be ineligible upon review , the Commissioner of Taxation will actively seek repayment of R & D tax offsets which have been claimed inappropriately , '' the ATO spokesperson said . In 2015 , the ATO referred fraud allegations against Arjuna `` Arj '' Samarakoon to the Australian Federal Police , which charged the Melbourne accountant and tax agent with obtaining almost $ 770,000 by deception . Arjuna 'Arj ' Samarakoon Samarakoon has pleaded guilty to three charges of defrauding the R & D Tax Incentive scheme and will be sentenced in September . The ATO and AFP continue to investigate their business affairs , which includes a network of companies in Australia and Asia .
Last week , Crystal Mavroyeni – an associate of Samarakoon and director of several of their companies – faced the Magistrates Court over 73 charges relating to the use of forged documents . In documents lodged with the County Court , the AFP alleges that some of the tax rebates were funnelled from companies associated with Samarakoon into their private accounts with the ANZ and Bendigo banks . `` I am further informed by the ATO that Samarakoon is a registered tax agent with the Tax Practitioners Board , and more than 40 separate entities are suspected by the ATO to be connected to Samarakoon , '' an AFP officer said in a court affidavit . `` This goes some way in explaining the sophisticated nature of the suspected offending . '' It was also alleged in legal documents that Samarakoon owes more than $ 2.5 million to the ATO and is closely linked to Sydney business person , Michael Pearce , who was implicated in a multimillion-dollar text messaging fraud in the United States . The AFP and ATO placed freezing orders on properties in Glen Iris , St Kilda and Port Melbourne , which were allegedly purchased with proceeds of crimes .
Sen. Rand Paul ( R-KY ) , a key ally of President Donald Trump 's in the U.S. Senate , plans to force a senate vote regarding the Trump administration 's new more-than- $ 100 billion Saudi Arabian weapons deal announced on the president 's foreign trip .
In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News in their U.S. Senate office on Capitol Hill on Tuesday , Paul explained how they will do it and why :
There 's an arms export legislation from the 1970s and it gives the power to one senator to ask for a vote if they object to an arms sale . I think that by selling Saudi Arabia more arms , we further the arms race . We encourage more arms to be bought on both sides of the arms race . I think that there 's evidence that Saudi Arabia has been involved with terrorism . One of the leaked emails from Hillary Clinton was them saying that ‘ my goodness , Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS in Syria—we need to do something to get them to quit funding these radical groups . So there 's a lot of evidence . There 's even evidence going back to 9/11 . Sen. Graham—Bob Graham—said that they thought that there was from the 28 pages and other evidence that there was a great deal of evidence pointing to Saudi Arabia 's government actually being involved in 9/11 .
When asked to explain what they mean by the “ arms race ” in the Middle East , Paul told Breitbart News that the various factions of Islam have been “ killing each other ” for a millennium and America should not help it along . Paul said :
In the Middle East , everybody is arming up . Israel has nuclear weapons , and Israel has hundreds if not thousands of ballistic missiles . Iran has ballistic missiles . Saudi Arabia has ballistic missiles . But as we give more weapons to Saudi Arabia , the reaction from both Israel and Iran is ‘ well , gosh , if Saudi Arabia has more , maybe we need more ? ' It ratchets up . Saudi Arabia already has weapons that they point at Tehran and Tel Aviv . They actually have Chinese missiles that you can see from satellite photos aimed at Tel Aviv and pointed at Tehran . I do n't know—I just do n't think we need to encourage it . The place is such a stinking mess over there . They 've been killing each other for a thousand years . I just do n't think feeding their fury with more weapons is a good idea .
Paul previously used this exact tactic—forcing a Senate vote on a Saudi weapons deal—toward the end of the Obama administration to limited success . While only a quarter of the Senate backed them up , in the end the Obama administration changed part of the deal .
The senator went on to say :
We 've done this one time previously , last fall , and I think we got about 25 votes to stop the sale . But interestingly , the publicity and the debate that developed around it—President Obama , who had sold more weapons to Saudi Arabia than all of the previous presidents combined , changed their mind after hearing the debate . So our hope is after public participation , that maybe the public will say : ‘ Why are we doing that ? Why are we involved in another war in Yemen ? ' I think it 's enough on our plate to try to do something about ISIS than to get involved in another war in another country .
Paul did praise President Trump 's efforts to get Saudi Arabia on board with the fight to destroy ISIS and said their speech in Riyadh was great , but that the president may run into serious problems since Saudi Arabia is not likely to change their ways from previous support of such groups .
“ I think it is a good idea that he 's telling and encouraging the people who live there to do something about ISIS , if Saudi Arabia would do something about it , ” Paul said . “ The problem is in the past Saudi Arabia has actually been supporting radical groups like ISIS . I do n't really trust them to do it . Also , in the neighboring country of Yemen , they 've been indiscriminately bombing . I 'm afraid they 'll use some of our weapons to bomb civilians . About six months ago they bombed a funeral procession , killing 124 civilians and wounding 500 . I do n't want that to be done with American weapons . I think that gives us a black eye in the area and it actually may create more terrorists than it kills . ”
THE DUBLIN RAPE Crisis Centre is backing the idea of a new date rape detector kit being available to buy in pubs across the country .
The pack , which costs €1.50 , consists of six pieces of paper that change colour if put into a drink that has been spiked .
According to figures from the Rape Crisis Centre , around 80 % of rape cases happen when women have had an alcoholic drink .
Chief executive Noeline Blackwell described what they have heard from women who have been spiked on Newstalk this morning :
What we hear from is the aftermath , people coming in and saying , ‘ I do n't know what happened I was having a normal drink and then I lost consciousness and I lost the capacity to deal with myself properly .
Blackwell said that while the Test Your Drink kit would help spot if your drink has been spiked , prevention is key :
What we would say in the Dublin Rape Crisis Centre is that gardaí would always advise on crime prevention measures … the normal garda response tends to be , ‘ If you 've left your drink unattended – dump it ' .
The kit , which has been created by Derry man Gary Bates , has been successfully tested by the University of Ulster .
Blackwell added , “ It should not be necessary for people to have to come up with new ways all the time to prevent their drink from being spiked . ”
The United States is far behind much of the rest of the world when it comes to recognizing and rewarding the advantages of paid leave for new parents . Some countries like Sweden offer parents rights protected by law to spend the essential time necessary to raise a child in the early years of development , while the US has no federal laws . Only a handful of states offer up to 6 weeks at a greatly reduced wage .
In Sweden , mothers and fathers share 480 days of paid leave that can be spread out from 60 days prior to expected delivery up until the child turns 8 . They are paid at 80 % of benefits-based income ( compared to 55 % for 6 weeks in California ) . The idea is that parenting should be a shared responsibility between both parents , particularly during the early development stages of childhood .
Here 's a breakdown of how other countries treat their parent employees . Click to enlarge .
( Via : Mindflash . H/T : Mobility Vehicle Financing )
You might be aware that Kanye West just released a new album , and you also might be aware that West publicly changed their mind over its name multiple times , so you may want to take this news with a balanced-diet-and-gym-three-times-a-week level of healthy skepticism , but here it is : Kanye West says their next album is going to be called Turbo Grafx 16 . As of now , anyway . Oh , and it 's apparently coming this summer .
If you do n't get the reference , the TurboGrafx 16 was a video game console released by NEC and Hudson in the US in 1989 ; the 1987 Japanese version was called the PC Engine . Although it did n't sell well in the US and failed to attract much third-party support , it won a cult following for its shooter-heavy library ; `` Blazing Lazers was probably my favorite game on that console , '' Kanye tweeted .
So yeah , mark your diaries , everyone . Preferably in pencil .
New album coming this summer — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) February 24 , 2016
My next album is titled `` Turbo Grafx 16 '' as of now… — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) February 27 , 2016
Braves getting next-level analytics with new GM and staff
Share
Braves manager Brian Snitker will have plenty more statistical analytics and data at their disposal with the team 's revamped front office that stresses cutting-edge information usage . ( Curtis Compton/ccompton @ ajc.com )
Alex Anthopoulos got something akin to a doctoral degree in analytics while working in the Dodgers ' statistics think-tank/front office the past two seasons . Now that he 's a general manager of the Braves they plan to bring that knowledge and put into practice in Atlanta much of what they saw work successfully in Los Angeles and some of what they learned before that as Blue Jays GM .
“ It was eye-opening for me , ” Anthopoulos said of the Dodgers ' use of analytics and as much data as available , boiled down for players to consume if they so chose . “ Look , it 's not a panacea for anything . You still need great players and obviously Los Angeles has great players and great acquisitions . Most of all , this stuff , it 's up to the players . Chris Taylor made a lot of great changes in L.A. ; they made those changes . They wanted to do that , they had a willingness to do it . ”
Last week Anthopoulos hired Alex Tamin away from the Dodgers to serve as Braves director of major league operations and bring the advance-scouting work Tamin did in L.A. , and Alex Pare from the Marlins to be their assistant GM in charge of research and development , Pare 's bailiwick in Miami and before that in Toronto .
They already had their former Blue Jays scouting director Perry Minasian on the Braves staff and promoted them to assistant GM .
The group has begun to look into the Braves ' performance last season and gleaned that some players are more talented than their performances suggest . In other words , the team had some underperformers , particularly young pitchers but also others at various positions .
That 's where all the data and statistical analytics could come into play , if players decide to utilize it . Anthopoulos has made requests of Braves CEO Terry McGuirk to spend money to hook up the Braves with data services and fill positions that did n't exist in the organization before now . They said McGuirk has been entirely supportive and granted every request thus far .
“ The philosophy is , all 25 guys on this roster , can we make them better ? ” Anthopoulos said . “ Even star players , guys like ( Cody ) Bellinger or ( Corey ) Seager ( of the Dodgers ) , they 're great players ; can they get better ? At the end of the day it 's up to the player , and we 're not doing our job if we 're not doing everything we can to improve their performance , if they want . ”
They saw it happen with those two and with Taylor , Justin Turner and other Dodgers .
“ You sit back and you wait , sometimes the player may want to come ( to you ) in a few instances , ” Anthopoulos said . “ A player may have scuffled , they may say , ‘ Hey , what do you guys have for me ? ' And at that point , you 're ready . ... It 's a player 's career ; the manager there 's to manage him , do their job , coaches as well . We do n't want them necessarily sitting in front of the computer trying to run through reams and reams of data and spending hours doing that when they can spend actual time doing work in the bullpen , work on the field , connecting with guys , spending time with them . We can help take some of the load off . ”
Anthopoulos stressed that they and their front-office staff wo n't in any way interfere with field instruction or determine in-game moves . They said they are there only to provide information . They 'll give it to manager Brian Snitker , who will decide with their coaches what to use and how to pass along the knowledge and info to players .
“ Snit is the manager of the team , ” Anthopoulos said . “ We do n't pull players aside on our own . Things go through the coaching staff . I 'm not ( hitting coach ) Kevin Seitzer . I 'm not going to go down to the cages , nor is anybody on our staff going to do that . We give the information to the staff . They 'll have their input and shape it . Maybe we have two or three items that after discussing , they say , ‘ You know what , this one item is something we should try to talk about . ' And it 's up to them to deliver it to the player .
“ The coaches are there to coach , we 're just there to help take off the load and maybe provide some information for them . And again , we 're not re-inventing the wheel , this happens at all levels . Thirty clubs are doing this – to varying degrees – but things go through the staff . ”
Anthopoulos has met several times with Snitker and said they talked Tuesday again in their hotel suite at the Winter Meetings with Snitker , pitching coach Chuck Hernandez and new bench coach Walt Weiss .
“ At the end of the day I think some of that stuff is overblown , ” Anthopoulos said of all the discussion and stories such as this one about using analytics . “ I think it 's providing information . But the manager is the one ( to apply it ) . There 's information there , we can talk about things , debate things , but at the end of the day it 's their decision . We just felt looking at this that there 's some really good people that are here , my view of it is , from my experiences being in it in L.A. and Toronto as well , we can add to that .
“ Talking to Snit , Walt and Chuck , I mean , we 'll provide information as a front office . But look , at the end of the day , Snit 's going to manage the game , and it 's up to them what they want to apply and does n't want to apply . And the same way with players . You can produce all kinds of stuff internally ; there 's only so much that may get down there . You do it as a team , so we may have some ideas and information that , hey , someone should throw four-seamers in , and Chuck may tell us , ‘ Hey , they have a tough time getting glove-side ' or whatever it might be , it just does n't work .
“ So you need to have that dialogue and that communication , so the information and data may tell you ‘ X , ' but maybe it does n't work because the guy has a hard time doing certain things , maybe they ca n't get ahead ( in the count ) , that kind of thing . So it 's collaboration , it 's a team thing , but at the end of the day , we 're going to provide information to them , they 're going to use what they feel is appropriate , we 're going to do it as a team . Players as well . You give input , at the end of the day it 's up to players whether they want to apply it . ”
TORONTO — The Saskatchewan Roughriders have released quarterback Vince Young , the team confirmed in an announcement Saturday night .
Young 's agent , Leigh Steinberg , tweeted the news earlier on Saturday while the Riders later sent out a release that revealed a number of cuts , including the former NFL quarterback .
# VinceYoung suffered a torn hamstring in training camp w @ sskroughriders which needs time to heal and they have been waived . @ TexasFB — Leigh Steinberg ( @ leighsteinberg ) June 17 , 2017
The 34-year-old suffered a torn hamstring during practice two weeks ago at Griffiths Stadium on the University of Saskatchewan campus . After the Riders ruled they could miss up to six weeks , they did not play in either of the team 's pre-season contests .
Young pulled down the football and scrambled for a first down during a double-barrel session , but then pulled up lame , walked off the field and sat down on the ground . They left shortly afterward , walking to the locker room with a member of the training staff .
Young signed in the off-season with the Riders as they attempted to re-ignite their football career while battling a group of five quarterbacks all vying for the no . 1 spot .
The Riders also announced 19 additional cuts on Saturday ahead of the 10 p.m. deadline . Veteran running back Anthony Allen , offensive lineman Jarriel King and another quarterback in Bryan Bennett were among those released along with receivers Joe Craig and Thomas Mayo .
Saskatchewan opens its season on Thursday , June 22 with a visit to Montreal .
Follow CFL.ca 's cut down day tracker as all nine teams reduce their roster on Saturday ahead of the regular season .
Roshonara Choudhry , 21 , became the first al-Qaeda fanatic to attempt a political assassination in Britain when they stabbed Stephen Timms at their constituency surgery in May .
After they were convicted of attempted murder yesterday , it emerged that British-born Choudhry had been radicalised by watching internet videos of Anwar al-Awlaki , the Yemen-based terrorist wanted over last week 's parcel bomb plot to blow up aircraft .
Ministers were angry that the US failed to regulate American-based sites that hosted the extremist videos , including YouTube .
More than 5,000 postings featuring Awlaki 's videos were available on YouTube yesterday . In one sermon , titled 44 Ways to Support Jihad , they tell followers : `` Jihad today is obligatory on every capable Muslim . ''
Baroness Neville-Jones , the security minister , called on President Barack Obama 's administration to `` take down this hateful material '' in cases where servers were based in the US . They said websites that `` incite cold-blooded murder '' would `` categorically not be allowed in the UK '' .
The Old Bailey heard that Choudhry , who told police they wanted to kill Mr Timms as `` punishment '' for their support of the invasion of Iraq , had been a moderate Muslim student looking forward to a career in teaching before they started to watch Awlaki 's sermons online .
After making an appointment to see the East Ham MP at their surgery in east London , they stabbed them twice in the abdomen , causing injuries that could have been fatal if they had not been taken to hospital immediately . Mr Timms made a full recovery .
Police believe Choudhry was radicalised purely by Awlaki 's online sermons , with no direct contact or other encouragement from extremists .
Their teachings also inspired the US Army major who shot dead 13 people at Fort Hood , Texas , last year . They had been in email contact with the cleric . Awlaki was also linked to the September 11 attacks and the attempted bombing of an airliner over Detroit last year .
Lady Neville-Jones was so concerned about the problem that they flew to Washington last week to insist on action during a speech at the influential Brookings Institute think tank . In private comments to the institute , obtained by The Daily Telegraph , they said : `` When you have incitement to murder , when you have people actively calling for the killing of their fellow citizens and when you have the means to stop that person doing so , then I believe we should act .
`` Those websites would categorically not be allowed in the UK .
`` They incite cold-blooded murder and as such are surely contrary to the public good .
`` If they were hosted in the UK then we would take them down but this is a global problem . Many of these websites are hosted in America and we look forward to working even more closely with you to take down this hateful material . ''
The Home Office confirmed yesterday that pressure was being put on the White House to remove the sermons . A spokesperson for the US State Department would say only that it had `` significant legal authorities '' to act `` where activities on the internet pose a clear threat to the public '' .
Jonathan Evans , the director general of MI5 , identified US-born Awlaki as being `` of particular concern '' because `` he preaches and teaches in the English language , which makes their message easier to access and understand for Western audiences '' .
In September they warned of `` a real risk that one of their adherents will respond to their urging to violence and mount an attack in the UK '' .
Security sources said yesterday that Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , of which Awlaki was the spiritual leader , was pursing a twin strategy of plotting “ spectacular ” atrocities such as last week 's airline plot , while encouraging “ lone wolf ” adherents to carry out their own attacks .
Choudhry , of East Ham , refused to enter a plea or appear in court , telling their defence team they did not recognise the court 's authority .
A jury took 14 minutes to find them guilty of attempted murder and possessing knives . They will be sentenced today .
Choudhry had compiled a list of MPs who had voted for the Iraq war before selecting Mr Timms , 55 , as their target .
A spokesperson for YouTube said it was looking into the Awlaki videos and would “ remove all those which break our rules ” .
They said the website had “ community guidelines that prohibit dangerous or illegal activities such as bomb-making , hate speech or incitement to commit specific and serious acts of violence ” .
The firm removed all videos from accounts “ registered by a member of a designated foreign terrorist organisation ” .
A Facebook page set up in the name of Awlaki had been taken down last night .
In their State of the Union Address on Tuesday night , President Barack Obama is expected to take sharp aim at wealth inequality .
He 'll propose a hike in the minimum wage , extended unemployment benefits , and more funding for education and skills improvement .
They are also likely to contribute to several persistent myths about the increasing gap between the rich and everyone else .
There is no question that income inequality in America is high compared with other countries as well as with the three decades in the U.S. after World War II . And a consensus is growing among business leaders , politicians and even conservatives that more must be done to help those at the bottom better adapt to a more global , technology-driven world .
( Read more : The overreaction of the 1 percent )
But as the country wrestles with one of the most fundamental issues of our time , three key myths beg to be corrected .
MYTH 1—Inequality is rising to the highest levels ever . The most common argument used is that the top 1 percent is taking more of the national income pie than ever before . In fact , the group 's share of income ( including their capital gains ) is lower than it was in 2007 , when it hit 23.5 percent . In 2012 , the most recent period measured , it was 22.46 percent .
The share of income going to the top is also less than 1 percent above where it was in 2000 ( 21.52 percent ) . The years 2000 and 2007 were good economically , but few people were complaining about inequality then because overall employment was higher .
Have you ever clicked on a web link only to get the dreaded “ 404 Documents not found ” ( dead page ) message ? Have you wanted to see what that page looked like when it was alive ? Well , now you 're in luck .
Recently the Internet Archive and Mozilla announced “ No More 404s ” , an experiment to help you to see archived versions of dead web pages in your Firefox browser . Using the “ No More 404s ” Firefox add-on you are given the option to retrieve archived versions of web pages from the Internet Archive 's 20-year store of more than 490 billion web captures available via the Wayback Machine .
To try this free service , and begin to enjoy a more reliable web , view this page with Firefox ( version 48 or newer ) then :
Install the Firefox “ Test Pilot ” : https : //testpilot.firefox.com Enable the “ No More 404s ” add-on : https : //testpilot.firefox.com/experiments/no-more-404s Try viewing this dead page : http : //stevereads.com/cache/ephemeral_web_pages.html
See the banner that came down from the top of the window offering you the opportunity to view an archived version of this page ? Success !
For 20 years , the Internet Archive has been crawling the web , and is currently preserving web captures at the rate of one billion per week . With support from the Laura and John Arnold Foundation , we are making improvements , including weaving the Wayback Machine into the fabric of the web itself .
“ We 'd like the Wayback Machine to be a standard feature in every web browser , ” said Brewster Kahle , founder of the Internet Archive . “ Let 's fix the web — it 's too important to allow it to decay with rotten links . ”
“ The Internet Archive came to us with an idea for helping users see parts of the web that have disappeared over the last couple of decades , ” explained Nick Nguyen , Vice President , Product , Firefox .
The Internet Archive started with a big goal — to archive the web and preserve it for history . Now , please help us . Test our latest experiment and email any feedback to info @ archive.org .
Dan Steinberg / AP Cowlicks even strike vampires ! `` Twilight '' star Kristen Stewart has one at the front of their hairline .
Alfalfa from the `` Our Gang '' TV serial had a famous one that stuck straight up . So did Dennis the Menace of comic strip fame . Supermodel Claudia Schiffer reportedly has two on their front hairline . `` Twilight '' star Kristen Stewart has one in front . And in a recent tweet , The Pioneer Woman , Ree Drumond , the blogger turned Food Network TV star wrote , `` My cowlick is fired . '' Channeling their inner-Donald Trump , they perfectly capture how this wayward whorl of hair can drive people crazy .
Cowlicks seem to have a mind of their own and like to go against the flow .
The hair on your head needs to go in three directions -- some needs to go forward , some backwards , and some to the sides .
`` In a perfect world , there would be a line so hair would know which way to go , '' says Dr. Orr Barak , a dermatologist at Tufts Medical Center in Boston . A cowlick is the body 's answer to this , by having a centralized location on your scalp -- a crossing point for hair to grow and lie in different directions .
But an unruly cowlick often selects its own direction -- and pops straight up -- or chooses an angle at odds with your preferred style . That 's when the frustration and annoyance sets in .
A cowlick 's spiral pattern is likely caused because hair gets confused about whether it needs to go forward , backward , or to the side , and some hairs get caught in between creating that characteristic whorl , explains Barak . Cowlicks were supposedly named for the swirling pattern made on hair when a cow licked its calves .
Virtually everybody has a cowlick or two , with the most visible one found at the crown of the head and a second less obvious one , perhaps at the neck or on the front hairline by the part .
They form early in life -- in utero -- and once you have a cowlick , you 're stuck with it unless you lose your hair . Both men and women are equally affected by them , although it does n't seem that way since they are more noticeable in guys because they typically have shorter hair .
Longer styles often camouflage a cowlick because the weight of the hair covers it up . And it 's more obvious in straighter hair compared to curly .
According to Barak , there are some interesting associations between cowlicks and their rotating patterns on your head . They say that noted geneticist Amar Klar has found a connection between handedness and the direction of hair whorls .
In people who are right handed , at least 90 % of cowlicks have a clockwise rotation while about 10 % go in a counterclockwise direction .
Klar 's research has found that people who are not righties are more likely to have a counterclockwise cowlick . In one experiment , they found that 50 % of folks who are lefties or ambidextrous have a counterclockwise whorl pattern , suggesting that hand preference and cowlick rotation may develop from a common genetic mechanism .
Interestingly , in a study published in 2004 on nearly 600 men , Klar found that roughly 30 % of gay men had a counterclockwise rotation on their scalp hair whorl compared to just 9 percent seen in the population at large .
No matter how your cowlick swirls , most people would be happy to know how to tame it . Although Barak is a doctor and not a hair stylist , they recommend keeping your hair long or going with the grain of the cowlick . Of course , the right cut and styling products can also do the trick .
Readers , what seems to work for your cowlicks ?
President Barack Obama reiterated the need to address climate change on Wednesday in their first press conference since winning reelection , but suggested that any legislative action to curb global warming was likely a long way off .
`` I am a firm believer that climate change is real , that it is impacted by human behavior and carbon emissions , '' Obama said . `` And as a consequence , I think we 've got an obligation to future generations to do something about it . ''
Responding to a question from The New York Times ' Mark Landler about calls to combat climate change in the wake of Hurricane Sandy , Obama cautioned , as others have , that no single weather event can be linked directly to climate change . But they said that the overwhelming scientific evidence suggests that the changing climate is contributing to extreme weather more generally .
`` What we do know is the temperature around the globe is increasing faster than was predicted even 10 years ago , '' Obama stated . `` We do know that the Arctic ice cap is melting faster than was predicted even five years ago . We do know that there have been an extraordinarily large number of severe weather events here in North America , but also around the globe . ''
Obama emphasized measures taken during their first term to improve vehicle fuel efficiency standards and increase renewable energy production , and acknowledged that `` we have n't done as much as we need to . ''
Despite near silence during the campaign season on climate change , Obama said that the American people will hear more on the issue in the near future as they work to make `` short-term progress in reducing carbons . ''
`` You can expect that you 'll hear more from me in the coming months and years about how we can shape an agenda that garners bipartisan support and helps move this agenda forwards , '' Obama said .
At the same time , however , the president acknowledged that the political will necessary to make the `` tough political choices '' necessary to address climate change does n't currently exist , given the pressing economic concerns .
`` Understandably , I think the American people right now have been so focused and will continue to be focused on our economy and jobs and growth that , you know , if the message is somehow we 're going to ignore jobs and growth simply to address climate change , I do n't think anybody 's going to go for that . I wo n't go for that , '' Obama said .
Asked by Landler whether their comments meant that there was no consensus in Washington about how to combat climate change , Obama replied , `` that I 'm pretty certain of . ''
`` Look , we 're still trying to debate whether we can just make sure that middle-class families do n't get a tax hike . Let 's see if we can resolve that . That should be easy . This one 's hard , '' the president said .
Some environmentalists reacted strongly to Obama 's remarks at the press conference , which saw more attention given to topics like economic recovery and the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi .
350.org Executive Director May Boeve said in a statement , `` The climate silence is broken , and now the president can show us he 's serious with a decision already on their desk : rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline . The pipeline would unlock so much carbon that climate scientists say , if it were built , it would be ‘ game over ' for the climate . ''
Yet Time senior editor Bryan Walsh tweeted that `` Obama answer did not make it sound like climate action was a priority of the first order . ''
Obama 's remarks on climate change come after environmentalists -- many of whom criticized the president for failing to discuss climate change during the campaign and advocating an `` all of the above '' energy strategy -- reacted with guarded optimism upon their reelection . Andrew Steer , the president of the World Resources Institute , told HuffPost 's Tom Zeller Jr. in an emailed statement , `` At the top of the list should be climate change -- which is already taking a serious toll on people , property , resources and the economy . ''
The two opponents of Del . Jon S. Cardin in their race for the Democratic nomination for attorney general chastised them during a debate Monday night for skipping almost 75 percent of their committee votes this year .
State Sen. Brian E. Frosh of Montgomery County and Del . Aisha Braveboy of Prince George 's County said there was no excuse for missing so many voting sessions , where decisions are made on which bills die and which advance to a floor vote .
`` If you do n't show up in Annapolis , if you do n't vote , you do n't count , '' Frosh said during the first debate of the attorney general 's race , held at the University of Maryland . Frosh repeated their contention that people who do n't show up for work do n't deserve a promotion .
Cardin , who represents a Baltimore County district , replied that they were present for more than 90 percent of votes on the House floor and explained that they missed votes because of family obligations .
The three candidates are seeking the Democratic nomination to succeed Douglas F. Gansler as the state 's top legal officer in the June 24 primary .
The Democratic nominee will face Republican Jeffrey N. Pritzker and Libertarian Leo Wayne Dymowski . Democrats have won every election for the position since 1919 .
The debate came less than two weeks after The Baltimore Sun reported that Cardin missed 121 out of 164 votes of the Ways & Means Committee during this year 's 90-day General Assembly session .
Frosh got in an early shot in their opening statement , vowing that `` as attorney general , I will show up every day . '' Braveboy piled on a little more gently , saying that `` as a leader on my committee , I 'm expected to be there , and I show up . ''
Cardin pointed to the subcommittee they chair , where they said they have a perfect attendance record and always checked with their committee chairperson to make sure their votes were not needed .
`` It 's intellectually dishonest to suggest I did n't do my job , '' Cardin said . `` There 's not a single bill that was affected by my absence . ''
Frosh , confronted by a question about whether their nice-guy image was incompatible with the attorney general 's office , replied that in a 35-year law career they know how to be tough when needed . They seemed to demonstrate that by calling out Cardin for opposing the Dream Act allowing in-state tuition for students who are in the country illegally — a measure popular with Democratic voters .
Cardin drew an implied generational line between themselves and Frosh as they repeatedly stressed the need for the next attorney general to deal with 21st-century issues such as cybercrime , identity theft and Internet harassment . They pointed to their sponsorship of Grace 's Law , which outlaws `` cyberbullying '' of minors and is named for a Howard County girl who committed suicide after such harassment .
`` I 'm running to keep Maryland two steps ahead of these new threats , '' they said .
Braveboy pointed to their vote against the state 's highly gerrymandered congressional redistricting map to underscore their commitment to transparency in government , saying they were concerned because the public did n't get the chance to comment on maps drawn by state leaders .
`` As attorney general , I will open up that process , '' they said .
The attorney general runs the office that advises the governor , the General Assembly and state agencies on matters of law . The office also represents the state when an agency sues or is sued . Among other responsibilities , the office also prosecutes many white-collar crimes and enforces environmental and consumer protection laws .
Frosh was first elected to the Senate in 1994 after eight years in the House of Delegates . For the past 12 years , they have been chairperson of the Judicial Proceedings Committee .
As chairperson , Frosh has played a leading role in the passage of some of the highest-profile bills approved by the General Assembly in gun control legislation .
Cardin has served 12 years in the House and has headed a subcommittee that oversees elections laws . Braveboy , a two-term lawmaker who chairs the Legislative Black Caucus , would become the state 's first African-American attorney general .
Video of the debate is expected to be available Wednesday morning at policywatch.umd.edu .
The candidates will debate again June 9 at the University of Baltimore School of Law .
michael.dresser @ baltsun.com
ADVERTISEMENT
On Monday , as the Syrian military unleashed an unprecedented heavy artillery bombardment on the rebel stronghold of Homs , the Obama administration closed the U.S. Embassy in Damascus . The departure of Ambassador Robert Ford and all other U.S. diplomats comes two weeks after Washington warned the government of Bashar al-Assad that the U.S. would pull out unless Syria stepped up security around the embassy , and just two two days after Russia and China vetoed a U.N. resolution condemning Assad . How will the Obama administration 's decision affect its effort to compel Assad to make way for democratic reform ?
It seems we 're giving up on Syria : You know `` a country is on the verge of collapse when the U.S. Embassy shutters its doors and gets out of Dodge , '' says Elise Labott at CNN . Although the U.S. is n't cutting diplomatic ties with Syria , `` the move will likely be seen as a message to Syria that `` we are done with you . '' After the departure of Ford , an outspoken critic of Assad 's deadly crackdown , other countries will follow , `` leaving a black hole in both independent observers to the violence and outreach to the opposition . ''
`` Why leave Syria ''
Actually , this tightens Assad 's noose : Closing the embassy amounts to a `` dramatic escalation of Western pressure on President Bashar al-Assad to give up power , '' says Bassem Mroue for the Associated Press . It underscores Assad 's growing isolation , and changes the momentum just after Russia and China gave them some breathing room at the U.N .
`` U.S. closes Syrian embassy , presses Assad to go ''
The administration should have done this long ago : `` Perhaps we can chalk this up to 'better late than never , ' '' says Ed Morrissey at Hot Air . But we should never have sent Ford back to Syria after briefly calling them home last year . We have no business maintaining cordial relations with a government that is `` actively opening fire on its own people '' — that 's why we bombed Libya .
`` U.S. closes Syrian embassy after almost a year of military attacks on civilians ''
Transcript :
Who knew ? Mensatocracy . ( Television : Enlist ! Fight in Iraq ! Collect a bonus if you do n't die ! ) ( Man 1 : I 'm in ! ) In the year 2007 , Americans were dumber than dirt . ( Man 2 : Here in Iraq , the locals throw explosive metal cone roses to thank us for liberating them . ) Over time , however , the endless war in Iraq began to play a role in natural selection . ( Voice : Ow ! @ # % Rose ! ) Only idiots signed up : Only idiots died . Back home , the average I.Q . soared . ( Man 3 : Low-quality American troops are taking the fun out of insurgency . Half these guys die in car accidents ! ) 500 years later , the U.S. was in intellectual utopia of creativity and paragmatism . ( Man 4 : Working 5 hours a week rocks ! I just finished another 4-D play ! ) ( Man 5 : I 'll watch it on the mindset ! ) Which led them to ironically-a stupid decision . ( ManWhat are we idiots to do ?
Jeff Haynes/Associated Press
Nearly a year ago , the Tampa Bay Buccaneers hit the reset button on the franchise . Sitting at 2-13 , it is clear the Bucs failed to capitalize on their fresh start and must once again look to free agency to begin anew next season .
Lovie Smith pledged another aggressive offseason in free agency , per Pewter Report . As it stands , the Bucs will have $ 24.9 million in projected 2015 cap space , according to Over the Cap .
Though the team 's performance might warrant a wholesale liquidation of the roster , free agent or not , the Bucs do need to consider bringing back some of their unrestricted free agents .
The biggest question facing Tampa Bay is whether to re-sign middle linebacker Mason Foster . Since the Bucs drafted them in 2011 , Foster has been a fixture in the middle of the Bucs defense , for better or worse .
Foster sat out of five games this season with various injuries , and the Bucs defense definitely missed him . The Bucs ' defensive numbers tell the story of Foster 's value :
2014 Buccaneers Defense with and without Mason Foster
Average points Allowed Average Total Yards Allowed Average Pass Yards Allowed Average Rush Yards Allowed With Foster 21.7 337.7 223.3 114.4 Without Foster 34 437.6 316.6 121
Source : NFL.com
Foster has never been strong in coverage , a necessity for a middle linebacker in the Tampa 2 defensive scheme Lovie Smith runs . Nonetheless , their presence evidently gives both the run and pass defenses a much-needed boost .
Despite the emergence of the versatile LB Danny Lansanah , the Bucs should bring Foster back next season . Their leadership and physicality are elements the Bucs defense sorely needs .
The rest of the Bucs ' 2011 draft class has not proved to be as indispensable . Defensive ends Adrian Clayborn and Da'Quan Bowers were taken in the first two rounds in 2011 , but neither made much of an impact since joining the Bucs .
Clayborn has n't been an effective pass-rusher since their rookie year . Their durability is glaring problem as they missed two seasons due to knee and biceps injuries . When the Bucs elected not to exercise the fifth-year option on Clayborn 's contract , it looked as though their time in Tampa Bay was coming to an end .
Bowers ' biggest problem is consistency . They flash every so often and became a valuable swing player at defensive tackle , but they still ca n't stay in shape enough to make an impact :
Lovie Smith says Da'Quan Bowers has gotten more reps at DT , needs to get in better shape to make case for starting ... — Greg Auman ( @ gregauman ) December 17 , 2014
Clayborn and Bowers may be worth bringing back on prove-it deals . According to JoeBucsFan.com , Clayborn is already cleared to play and impressed coaches with their work ethic and team-oriented attitude during the preseason and their time on injured reserve .
Bowers would have to be on a short leash to return to Tampa Bay next season . Most importantly , they would have to arrive at training camp in good enough shape to practice without injury .
At the beginning of the year , the notion of tight end Luke Stocker staying on the Bucs roster through this season might have been crazy . Instead , Stocker had their best season yet , finding a niche as a potent lead-blocker .
The one free agent the Bucs must absolutely cut ties with is offensive lineman Oniel Cousins . The former Cleveland Brown is nothing short of a liability on the field , no matter what position they play . Keeping them on the roster would signal to the free-agent market that the Bucs are incapable of self-scouting .
The fact that Cousins saw significant playing time this season is emblematic of why the Bucs need yet another overhaul of their offensive line . This time , they have to actually address their holes at the guard position .
The Bucs need at least another starting guard with the possibility of a second starting guard and a right tackle .
The top two names the Bucs should target this offseason are Denver G Orlando Franklin and Cincinnati G Clint Boling . Both are unrestricted free agents after this season , and barring their current teams re-signing them , they would be strong additions to the middle of the Bucs line .
Franklin started for Denver as a rookie and came into their own during their sophomore season , excelling in both pass- and run-blocking . It would be a little surprising to see Franklin walk away from Denver , but if they do , they would be the best guard on the market .
Bucs fans may be apprehensive about signing another former Cincinnati lineman . However , unlike Bucs left tackle Anthony Collins , three-year starter Clint Boling has more than half a season under their belt . They are n't quite as solid as Franklin but may be a more realistic option for the Bucs .
Signing Franklin or Boling would shore up one guard position , but the other guard spot is marred by uncertainty . Logan Mankins is a viable starter at left guard , but they are due to earn $ 7 million next season , none of which is guaranteed , per Over the Cap .
The Bucs may cut ties with the former New England Patriot to clear cap space .
The Bucs also have to figure out what to do with Collins . The former Bengal missed three games this season due to injury and sat on the bench the last two games on account of `` a coach 's decision , '' per the Tampa Bay Times ' Greg Auman , while Demar Dotson replaced them at left tackle .
Charles Rex Arbogast/Associated Press
When they were on the field , Collins was subpar in pass protection . They are among the worst on the team in committing penalties , credited with nine in 10 games , per NFL Penalty Tracker .
Half of Collins ' $ 6 million salary next season is guaranteed , according to Over the Cap . Cutting them would be a wash for salary-cap purposes .
On their radio show this week , Lovie Smith offered Demar Dotson 's move to left tackle as a reason for hope next season . With Dotson 's reassignment appearing permanent and Collins on the outs , the Bucs need a new right tackle .
The Bucs should keep a close eye on Dallas this offseason as right tackles Doug Free and Jermey Parnell are both unrestricted free agents . Both played well on a line that kept Tony Romo upright and facilitated the NFL 's second-best running attack .
However , the Bucs should be careful not to pay too much for either player . There is a flip side to both players performing well on the same line at the same spot . This may be a case of the whole being greater than the sum of its parts , and the Bucs could end up with another Anthony Collins .
The last position where the Bucs need to consider free-agent help is safety . Given what Tampa Bay is already paying to man its backfield , it ca n't hurt to spend a little more to upgrade .
The Bucs already dropped serious coin on former San Francisco 49ers safety Dashon Goldson by signing them to a five-year , $ 41.25 million contract in 2013 . While Goldson has n't been a total bust , they were grossly overpaid by former Bucs general manager Mark Dominik .
As with Collins , cutting Goldson wo n't save any cap space in 2015 , as half of Goldson 's $ 8 million salary is guaranteed , per Over the Cap . Long term , the Bucs will save $ 22 million and can sooner integrate a safety to better fit Lovie Smith 's defense .
One free agent the Bucs must consider is New England S Devin McCourty . One of the best cover safeties in the NFL , McCourty would provide a tremendous upgrade to the Bucs ' 26th-ranked passing defense .
Alan Diaz/Associated Press
McCourty is one of those players the Patriots wo n't want to lose , but they may not have a choice . New England is currently $ 1 million over the projected 2015 salary cap , according to Over the Cap .
The average annual salary of the top 10 highest-paid safeties in the NFL is $ 7.9 million , per Over the Cap . Even with the roster cuts , it 's unlikely the Patriots will be able to find enough cap space to pay McCourty like the top-10 safety that they are . The Bucs wo n't have that problem .
If the Bucs learned anything from this season , it should be that big spending in free agency is no guarantee of success ( and may even impede it ) . Lovie Smith seems poised to drop more money next year , but only time will tell if he 's only throwing it away once again .
Translations , not confirmed TCG names , a new pendulum theme , Check back for updates !
UPDATE : More Red-Eyes !
Update : Ignite ( Igknight ? ) Lores
Translations courtesy of Eva .
Igknight Avenger
Level 7 FIRE Warrior-Type Effect Monster
ATK 2600
DEF 1800
( 1 ) You can target 3 “ Igknight ” cards you control ; destroy them , and if you do , Special Summon this card from your hand .
( 2 ) Once per turn : You can target 1 other “ Igknight ” monster you control ; return it to the hand , and if you do , return 1 Spell/Trap card your opponent controls to the bottom of the Deck .
Igknight Magnum
Level 3 FIRE Warrior-Type Pendulum Normal Monster
ATK 0
DEF 2000
Pendulum Scale : 7
Pendulum Effect :
( 1 ) If you control an “ Igknight ” card in your other Pendulum Zone : You can destroy all cards in your Pendulum Zones , and if you do , add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand .
Flavor :
A fiery warrior wielding a ｇunblade . Beneath their a cold armored exterior , hides a heart burning with an intense blazing passion .
Igknight Eagle
Level 3 FIRE Warrior-Type Pendulum Normal Monster
ATK 1600
DEF 300
Pendulum Scale : 2
Pendulum Effect :
( 1 ) If you have an “ Igknight ” card in your other Pendulum Zone : You can destroy all cards in your Pendulum Zones , and if you do , add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand .
Flavor :
A very action-oriented and impulsive “ Igknight ” warrior . Their comrades call them “ Bullet Eagle ” while keeping a certain distance from him .
* Crow from Yugioh 5D 's dubbed themselves “ Teppoudama ” , literally “ Gun Ball ” . Basically , “ Bull 's Eye Eagle ” or “ Bullet Eagle ” in this case .
Igknight Dragunov
Fire Warrior / Pendulum
PS7 LV4 1700/1300
Pendulum Effect : ( 1 ) If you control an “ Igknight ” card in your other Pendulum Zone : You can destroy all cards in your Pendulum Zones , and if you do , add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand .
Flavor : A straightforward veteran “ Igknight ” warrior who hates wickedness and things non-straightforward . Maybe it 's due this personality of his , but he 's recently been questioning their own weapon .
Igknight Riot
Level 5 FIRE Warrior-Type Pendulum Normal Monster
ATK 1500
DEF 2500
Pendulum Scale : 7
Pendulum Effect :
( 1 ) If you control an “ Igknight ” card in your other Pendulum Zone : You can destroy all cards in your Pendulum Zones , and if you do , add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand .
Flavor :
A high-level “ Igknight ” warrior . They specialize in wide area attacks with their dual gunblades regardless of time and location , striking fear into not only their enemies by also their comrades .
Igknight Caliber
Level 6 FIRE Warrior-Type Pendulum Normal Monster
ATK 2100
DEF 2200
Pendulum Scale : 2
Pendulum Effect :
( 1 ) If you control an “ Igknight ” card in your other Pendulum Zone : You can destroy all cards in your Pendulum Zones , and if you do , add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand .
Flavor :
The special attack force leader unifying the hot-headed “ Igknights ” who are always full of too much energy and vigor . Their subordinates acting impulsively due to having too much vigor is a source of constant headache for him .
Igknight Musket
Level 4 FIRE Warrior-Type Pendulum Normal Monster
ATK 1400
DEF 1900
Pendulum Scale : 2
Pendulum Effect :
( 1 ) If you control an “ Igknight ” card in your other Pendulum Zone : You can destroy all cards in your Pendulum Zones , and if you do , add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand .
Flavor :
The “ Igknight ” tactician famous for always been calm , cool , and rational . In reality it just takes a while for the blood to rush to their head , so they are actually always angry on the inside .
Reibyou no Shugosha / Protector of the Shrine
Level 4 DARK Dragon-Type Effect Monster
ATK 0
DEF 2100
You can only use the ( 2 ) effect of “ Protector of the Shrine ” once per turn .
( 1 ) You can treat this card as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Dragon-Type monster .
( 2 ) If this card is in your hand or Graveyard while a face-up Dragon-Type monster other than “ Protector of the Shrine ” is sent to the Graveyard by either a card effect or by being destroyed by battle : You can Special Summon this card . If that monster is a Normal Monster in the Graveyard , you can also add 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your Graveyard to your hand .
Kougyoku no Housatsu / Card of Red Jewel / Cards of Red ?
Normal Spell Card
You can only activate 1 “ Card of Red Jewel ” per turn .
( 1 ) Send 1 Level 7 “ Red-Eyes ” monster from your hand to the Graveyard ; draw 2 cards , then you can send 1 Level 7 “ Red-Eyes ” monster from your Deck to the Graveyard .
Plastic water bottles come with a higher price tag than most people realize , taking up to 1,000 years to decompose in a landfill . The fact that at least half of all water bottles are used only once makes the waste that much more egregious . Icelandic product designer Ari Jónsson decided they needed to take action by fashioning a biodegradable water bottle from algae .
Jónsson said , “ I feel there is an urgent need to find ways to replace some of the unreal amount of plastic we make , use , and throw away every day . Why are we using materials that take hundreds of years to break down in nature to drink from once and then throw away ? ”
Related : Brilliant self-filling water bottle pulls moisture from the air while you hike or bike
Their innovative solution to the problem of plastic pollution is agar , a substance made from algae . Agar dates back to the 1650 's , when a Japanese innkeeper tossed out extra soup and saw it gel together overnight . It made its way into microbiology labs in the late 1800 's and is still used today to separate molecules .
To create a bottle out of algae , Jónsson mixed powdered agar with water . The resulting mixture had a wobbly , jelly-like consistency , and they heated it before pouring it into a cold mold . The mold was swirled inside a container of ice water until the agar formed a bottle . Just a few more minutes of refrigeration , and the bottle was ready for use .
The algae bottle retains its unique shape until it is empty , and then it begins to break down . It 's an all-natural alternative to plastic , and Jónsson says drinkers can even chew on the bottle if they enjoy the taste . Agar is often used as a vegetarian or vegan substitute for gelatin in desserts , and is both safe for the environment and humans .
Jónsson premiered their project at DesignMarch , a design festival held recently in Reykjavik . They are currently a student at the Iceland Academy of the Arts .
Via Dezeen
Images courtesy of Ari Jónsson
Josh Begley had a great idea on how to get people talking about the U.S. Military 's controversial use of attack drones . They created an iOS app called Drones+ that sends users a push notification every time a US drone strikes a target .
All this notification will probably get you thinking about whether drones are good or bad . The aim of Drones+ was to create a conversation using barebones information . It does n't contain nasty images of corpses , or a death toll meter . All the data comes from publicly available sources . It 's family friendly . But for some reason , Apple really does n't want iPhone owners to use it , so they 've rejected it three times .
The first time Begley submitted the app , Apple told them it was n't “ useful or entertaining enough. ” They made some changes , submitted again and got rejected again . Then a few days ago they received their third rejection that says the app contains “ objectionable ” content .
Here 's how Wired describes Drones+ :
When a drone strike occurs , Drones+ catalogs it , and presents a map of the area where the strike took place , marked by a pushpin . You can click through to media reports of a given strike that the Bureau of Investigative Reporting compiles , as well as some basic facts about whom the media thinks the strike targeted .
We do n't see anything objectionable about the app , but apparently Apple does . What 's also concerning is that it took three rejections before Begley found out that Apple just did n't like the content . Begley now has to decide whether there 's a way for them to make it less “ objectionable ” or just take their app to the Android Market to see if they can make their point over there instead .
Bernie Ecclestone has spoken of their `` great admiration '' for Vladimir Putin and says they `` completely agrees '' with the Russian president 's views on homosexuality .
In an interview with CNN the Formula One chief executive claimed that Putin 's policies on gay rights – which have included telling gay people that they would be not be subjected to harassment at the current Winter Olympics in Sochi , as long as they stay away from children – had been misrepresented .
`` He has n't said they do n't agree [ with homosexuality ] just that they do n't want these things publicised to an audience under the age of 18 , '' Ecclestone told CNN . `` I completely agree with those sentiments and if you took a world census you 'd find 90 % of the world agree with it as well . ''
`` I 've great admiration for them and their courage to say what they say . [ It ] may upset a few people but that 's how the world is . It 's how they see [ the world ] and I think he 's completely right . ''
Ecclestone , who was on Thursday victorious in their multi-million pound high court case with Constantin Medien , knows Putin through Formula One , with the pair meeting face-to-face to conclude a deal that will see Sochi host an F1 race for the first time in October this year .
Close
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden said that they would gladly `` volunteer '' for prison if it meant being able to come home to the United States .
Snowden , who was recently issued a permit that allows them to stay three more years in Russia , gave on of their most extensive interviews to date , taking the opportunity to dispute some of the allegations that have been leveled against them by their own government .
In an interview , Snowden played the martyr , saying that the fate of their country weighs more on their mind that their own future . They said that they would be willing to go to prison , but only on their own terms .
`` I told the government I 'd volunteer for prison , as long as it served the right purpose ... I care more about the country than what happens to me . But we ca n't allow the law to become a political weapon or agree to scare people away from standing up for their rights , no matter how good the deal . I 'm not going to be part of that , '' they said .
The article , which describes Snowden as `` The Most Wanted Man In The World , '' details how they rose the ranks from being a security guard in a top secret facility to becoming a contractor for some of the largest intelligence agencies in the world . They said that they would regularly meet with the technical heads of the CIA , where they were tasked with finding solutions to the hardest technology problems . They also detailed their assignments in Geneva and Tokyo , outlining the growth of the disillusionment that pushed them to make damaging revelations against American intelligence agencies .
In the article , Snowden disputed the government 's claim that they had stolen 1.7 million documents . They said that the figure is an exaggeration that is mostly rooted on the agency 's technological ineptness . Snowden claims that they left clues so that the government would have a good idea what documents they stole . They said that before they made their revelations , they left `` digital bread crumbs '' that were supposed to help authorities figure out which documents they copied and which documents they simply touched . They claim that they did so to make it clear what their purpose was whistleblowing and not espionage .
The NSA did not comment on Snowden 's claims . Instead , the agency urged them to stop running from the law . `` If Mr. Snowden wants to discuss their activities , that conversation should be held with the US Department of Justice . They need to return to the United States to face the charges against him , '' Vanee Vines , a spokesperson for the NSA , told Wired .
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved . Do not reproduce without permission .
Today we 're releasing the second release candidate of Qubes 3.1 , with many bugs fixed over the previous release candidate , including the ability to install with a username different than user . All critical bugs we know of are fixed , there are some other non-critical bugs to iron out prior to the final release of 3.1 .
Read the release notes for more details , installation and update instructions . The installation image can be downloaded from here .
We would like to thanks all the users testing release candidates and all the bug reports ! This allows us to make the final release as stable as possible .
The Qubes Live edition is still not finished unfortunately and not yet part of this release candidate . Our main focus is on standard edition and the Qubes development team currently does n't have enough capacity to finish Live edition in time . Hopefully this will change with the final release of 3.1 .
While most of our team is working on finishing Qubes 3.1 , we ( most notably Wojtek Porczyk ) are also preparing the next major release - Qubes 4.0 . Major feature of this version will be mostly rewritten VM management code - the code behind all the qvm tools and Qubes Manager . The new code is much better organised , much more extensible . This , together with management stack introduced in Qubes 3.1 will be a foundation for many flexible and powerful use-cases and workflows .
The first technology preview of Qubes 4.0 has already been released , however it is n't ready for normal use . While most user-facing tools are not yet finished , most of core changes are already done . So if you are a developer willing to work on some Qubes feature , we heartily recommend taking a look at this version .
Biofuels have forced global food prices up by 75 % - far more than previously estimated - according to a confidential World Bank report obtained by the Guardian .
The damning unpublished assessment is based on the most detailed analysis of the crisis so far , carried out by an internationally-respected economist at global financial body .
The figure emphatically contradicts the US government 's claims that plant-derived fuels contribute less than 3 % to food-price rises . It will add to pressure on governments in Washington and across Europe , which have turned to plant-derived fuels to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases and reduce their dependence on imported oil .
Senior development sources believe the report , completed in April , has not been published to avoid embarrassing President George Bush .
`` It would put the World Bank in a political hot-spot with the White House , '' said one yesterday .
The news comes at a critical point in the world 's negotiations on biofuels policy . Leaders of the G8 industrialised countries meet next week in Hokkaido , Japan , where they will discuss the food crisis and come under intense lobbying from campaigners calling for a moratorium on the use of plant-derived fuels .
It will also put pressure on the British government , which is due to release its own report on the impact of biofuels , the Gallagher Report . The Guardian has previously reported that the British study will state that plant fuels have played a `` significant '' part in pushing up food prices to record levels . Although it was expected last week , the report has still not been released .
`` Political leaders seem intent on suppressing and ignoring the strong evidence that biofuels are a major factor in recent food price rises , '' said Robert Bailey , policy adviser at Oxfam . `` It is imperative that we have the full picture . While politicians concentrate on keeping industry lobbies happy , people in poor countries can not afford enough to eat . ''
Rising food prices have pushed 100m people worldwide below the poverty line , estimates the World Bank , and have sparked riots from Bangladesh to Egypt . Government ministers here have described higher food and fuel prices as `` the first real economic crisis of globalisation '' .
President Bush has linked higher food prices to higher demand from India and China , but the leaked World Bank study disputes that : `` Rapid income growth in developing countries has not led to large increases in global grain consumption and was not a major factor responsible for the large price increases . ''
Even successive droughts in Australia , calculates the report , have had a marginal impact . Instead , it argues that the EU and US drive for biofuels has had by far the biggest impact on food supply and prices .
Since April , all petrol and diesel in Britain has had to include 2.5 % from biofuels . The EU has been considering raising that target to 10 % by 2020 , but is faced with mounting evidence that that will only push food prices higher .
`` Without the increase in biofuels , global wheat and maize stocks would not have declined appreciably and price increases due to other factors would have been moderate , '' says the report . The basket of food prices examined in the study rose by 140 % between 2002 and this February . The report estimates that higher energy and fertiliser prices accounted for an increase of only 15 % , while biofuels have been responsible for a 75 % jump over that period .
It argues that production of biofuels has distorted food markets in three main ways . First , it has diverted grain away from food for fuel , with over a third of US corn now used to produce ethanol and about half of vegetable oils in the EU going towards the production of biodiesel . Second , farmers have been encouraged to set land aside for biofuel production . Third , it has sparked financial speculation in grains , driving prices up higher .
Other reviews of the food crisis looked at it over a much longer period , or have not linked these three factors , and so arrived at smaller estimates of the impact from biofuels . But the report author , Don Mitchell , is a senior economist at the Bank and has done a detailed , month-by-month analysis of the surge in food prices , which allows much closer examination of the link between biofuels and food supply .
The report points out biofuels derived from sugarcane , which Brazil specializes in , have not had such a dramatic impact .
Supporters of biofuels argue that they are a greener alternative to relying on oil and other fossil fuels , but even that claim has been disputed by some experts , who argue that it does not apply to US production of ethanol from plants .
`` It is clear that some biofuels have huge impacts on food prices , '' said Dr David King , the government 's former chief scientific adviser , last night . `` All we are doing by supporting This is subsidising higher food prices , while doing nothing to tackle climate change . ''
Before Robert Downey Jr. was officially announced as a cast member for Captain America : Civil War , there was a lot of back and forth about whether Iron Man 4 would actually happen . Now that we know Tony Stark is definitely returning in the next Cap sequel , we have n't heard too much about Robert Downey Jr. starring in another standalone movie . Especially since we know he 's returning in Avengers : Infinity War Part I in 2018 . Though , many fans are still curious about whether or not Iron Man 4 will ever become a reality . Do n't bank on it , according to the man behind the mask .
Robert Downey Jr. likes to refer to Captain America : Civil War as their own personal Iron Man 4 . When the actor sat down with USA Today during a set visit for Captain America : Civil War , they sounded less than optimistic about ever putting the suit on again without having the Avengers at their back . They explain .
`` I do n't think that 's in the cards . In a way it 's Cap 3 but for me it 's like my little Iron Man 4 . And then it 's back to the thing we all recognize . Everything pulls over to the side of the road when the thunder of an Avengers thing comes through because that 's how it is until it changes . If it changes . ''
Robert Downey Jr. has no qualms about returning as Tony Stark in future Marvel movies , as long as he 's not the sole headliner . There has been talk in the recent past that another actor could come in for future installments , making the character akin to James Bond and that franchise 's rotating roster . But Robert Downey Jr. wants to play Tony Stark as long as Disney and Marvel let him .
Robert Downey Jr. first appeared as the iconic Marvel superhero in 2008 's Iron Man . They then starred in the solo adventures Iron Man 2 in 2010 and Iron Man 3 in 2013 . He 's also participated in 2012 's Marvel 's The Avengers and its 2015 sequel Avengers : Age of Ultron . The Iron Man standalone franchise has grossed more than $ 2 billion worldwide . And Tony Stark is the most prominent member of the Avengers team .
Related : Robert Downey Jr. Is Ready for New Black Female Iron Man Replacement
While Robert Downey Jr. is returning in Avengers : Infinity War Part I , the fate of all the Avengers is said to change during the climactic end fight seen in Captain America : Civil War . A number of characters , whom we wo n't reveal here , are rumored to die on screen in this May 's sequel . And there may even be more deaths before Avengers : Infinity War - Part II arrives in 2019 . By 2020 , Marvel 's Cinematic Universe will look nothing like it does right now . It 's possible that Iron Man 4 could be announced as part of Marvel Phase 4 , but even if that 's the case , we may be looking at a completely revamped Tony Stark .
In Erie , the early steps are managed by the local branch of the U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants , which we wrote about here , and Catholic Charities . Longer term support systems come from a mosaic of organizations : churches , schools , YMCAs , cultural centers , public libraries , community centers , food banks , businesses , transport systems , medical services , and on and on .
* * *
I recently visited one of these support groups , the contracted Refugee Social Provider , the Multicultural Community Resource Center ( MCRC ) . It is located east of State Street , which cuts through the middle of Erie and still signals a socioeconomic boundary . Most of Erie 's less affluent population lives on the east side . The MCRC occupies the Old Penn Schoolhouse and its next-door annex at the former 10th St. United Methodist Church . The MCRC began as the Hispanic American Council in 1975 , broadening its scope nearly 20 years ago to include refugees outside the Hispanic community . Their mission is to help refugees and immigrants ( some of whom are transitory migrant laborers ) in just about every way , from social , civic , educational to economic life . The MCRC also raises the profile of the newly-arrived with the more established citizens of Erie . MCRC is funded by as many as two dozen organizations , from government and civic groups to corporations , nonprofits , and private benefactors .
On the day I visited , all kinds of people were bustling in and out of the buildings . The MCRC runs at least 15 different programs including transportation , health care navigation , notary public services , and language translation in Spanish , Bosnian , Russian , Ukrainian , Arabic , Vietnamese , Swahili , Burmese , and more . They touch a lot of cultural bases most of us would n't consider , like truancy prevention and referrals for children at risk of being placed out of their homes .
The Center provides employment services , one of which is Mosaico , a for-profit subsidiary of the non-profit MCRC . It matches employers and employees , and it supports both sides with language and cultural help . We visited one of the employers , Plastek , an internationally successful manufacturer of plastics packaging , which makes many commonly-used containers , like deodorant holders and detergent bottles . Other lines of work are what you 'd expect : food services , construction , general labor , etc . In Sioux Falls , Burlington , and now Erie , we have heard a variety of poignant stories from refugees , from those who left behind menial jobs or no jobs at all to those who left behind professional jobs as lawyers , administrators , doctors , and teachers . They all arrive in the U.S. as equals and are all now scrambling to patch together whatever they can get .
Paul Jericho , the Associate Director for Programs at MCRC , toured me around the center , and showed me the room in the old church where refugees come to learn the skills for one of the largest employers of Erie 's refugees : the casino at the local Presque Isle Downs and Casino , which Jim wrote about here . Jericho , a casino dealer himself , is the perfect person to train the refugees . One of their former students has done so well at the casino that they are Jericho 's boss now , Jericho tells me with a chuckle .
Jericho says that refugees fit in well with the growing entrepreneurial spirit of Erie , exemplified by those who share the Radius CoWork space and are featured in the American Futures video here . New arrivals have started over 100 new businesses in Erie , said Jericho . We saw a number of small shops and businesses along Parade Street , like general stores , car repair shops , construction or repair companies .
Thieving Penguin ( VIDEO )
June 12 , 2012 by Bestvidsonthenet
This clip from the amazing BBC series “ Frozen Planet ” shows us how closely related we are to animals .
Not only do we build a nice nest ( or house in our case ) in order to attract females , but some of us , when lazy , will steal from another human in order to avoid doing the work themselves !
The penguin in the video below is able to go behind their fellow penguin 's back and steal from their collection of rocks without the other penguin noticing . When the other penguin returns , they know something is missing , but ca n't figure out where it went . As the victimized penguin goes on the hunt for more rocks , the criminal penguin swoops in again and steals another ! By the time the victim penguin returns , the criminal penguin has already blended back in with the crowd . Quite a sneaky criminal penguin .
It turns out , that penguins are actually pretty like-minded to us !
Check out the little thieving penguin criminal in action ! :
Like this : Like Loading ...
View Larger Map
The City of London is planning to make eight more streets that are currently one-way into two-way for cycling .
In October 2012 , the City consulted on proposals to return 33 more one-way streets in the City two-way for cycling .
At the time , we urged our supporters to respond in favour of the measures .
These improvements are to permit people to cycle in the contraflow direction or convert existing one-way streets to two-way for all vehicles .
Following that consultation , City officers introduced cycle permeability measures to 18 streets in February 2013 , and will now make a further eight streets two-way for cycling on Monday 12 August 2013 .
Aldermanbury ( pictured above )
Bouverie Street
Cloak Lane
College Street
Copthall Avenue
Great Swan Alley
Portsoken Street
Whitefriars Street
London Cycling Campaign 's Mike Cavenett said , `` The City of London was a deserved winner of the Best Borough Cycling Initiative at the 2013 London Cycling Awards for its programme to return more streets to two-way for cycling .
`` We 're delighed to hear more streets will be treated in this way , and hope many more boroughs look at what 's being done in the City and in Camden , and replicate it in their own areas . ''
More information on the City 's contraflow cycling programme can be found on its website .
Keri Russell , a frequent collaborator and favorite of J.J. Abrams talks about joining the director for the next installment of Star Wars . They were almost in Star Trek and is close with Abrams so this is a real possibility . Continue on for the interview .
`` It spoiled me to work with JJ and Matt ( Reeves ) [ on Felicity ] . Not only do I love them as people because they 're so funny and easy and good but they were just so talented . I 've worked on other projects and you get the script and you 're like 'but why is n't it good ' ....
`` Anyone they let me play . I 'm waiting for my call '' , they joke . I would do anything for JJ , honestly I would do craft service .
Yes , of course . And now with my son , that 's all they talk about .
TV Line sat down withto discuss their new showonand briefly touched on the possibility of joiningonIn response to the question of who she 's playing in the new Star Wars film : And when asked if she 's a Star Wars fan : Interesting enough , we know thatpitched for the director gig withas a female lead in the new installment . With the script already in place fromperhaps that 's a clue that the main protagonist of the next Star Wars films will be female ( the internet chatter among critics and bloggers certainly leans in that direction ) ? Russell previously worked with Abrams onwhich launched both their careers into the upper stratosphere . They reunited with the director in 2006 's , Abrams first big , feature film and was in talks for an unspecified role in Star Trek but schedules did n't align . We 'll have to see if Abrams and Russell can connect for Star Wars .
Sheffield Hallam MP Jared O'Mara has been suspended from the Labour Party amid an investigation over their `` comments and behaviour '' .
The move follows public calls , from fellow Labour MPs and opponents , for Mr O'Mara 's temporary expulsion from the party .
A string of Mr O'Mara 's historical online comments emerged this week , together with new claims they used transphobic slurs and called a woman they dated an `` ugly b * * * * '' .
Confirming the party 's action , Labour shadow chancellor John McDonnell said : `` The decision has been taken to suspend Jared O'Mara and have the whip withdrawn because of that suspension .
`` There will be a full investigation by the Labour Party and then , as a result of that , a final decision will be made about their future . ''
Mr O'Mara , who was elected to Parliament in June 's snap General Election , had already resigned from the House of Commons ' Women and Equalities Committee amid the row .
O'Mara accuser : 'He called me an ugly b * * * * '
The 35-year-old described themselves as `` deeply ashamed '' of their online comments and claimed they have been on a `` journey of education '' since making them .
Jeremy Corbyn was said to believe Mr O'Mara 's comments to be `` unacceptable '' , with the Labour leader nor the party 's head office unaware of the remarks until they emerged this week .
A spokesperson for Mr Corbyn said : `` He asked the General Secretary of the Labour Party , Iain McNicol , to suspend him .
`` It was further information published today that has led to Jared 's suspension . ''
Commenting on Mr O'Mara 's suspension during Prime Minister 's Questions , Theresa May said : `` All of us in this House should have due care and attention to the way in which we refer to other people and should show women in public life the respect that they deserve . ''
May urges 'respect ' amid Labour MP row
Mr O'Mara strenuously denies other claims they verbally abused a woman they met on a dating app earlier this year , branding the allegations `` categorically untrue '' .
Sophie Evans claimed Mr O'Mara made offensive comments to them in March - just months before they were elected .
Describing how they met the politician before going on a date with him , but then decided it was n't to be , Ms Evans told Sky News : `` We were outside a club in Sheffield .
`` He looked me up and down and said a lot of stuff that is n't repeatable but then called me an ugly b * * * * .
`` I was really annoyed when people were trying to defend him .
`` Colleagues in the Labour Party saying it was a long time ago that they made the misogynistic and sexist comments .
`` Well , the insults against me were this year - just months before they stood as an MP . I do n't have any political affiliation but I do n't think they are fit to be an MP . ''
Rayner : O'Mara apology was 'heartfelt '
They also claimed Mr O'Mara had used `` transphobic slurs '' .
On Monday , Mr O'Mara was applauded by Mr Corbyn and other MPs for offering a `` mea culpa '' for comments made on an online forum between 2002 and 2004 .
Among them were posts calling gay people `` f * * * * -packers '' and suggesting singer Jamie Cullum should be raped to death with their own piano .
A senior Labour source told Sky News of Mr O'Mara 's apology at a meeting of MPs : `` He talked about their own experience as a young man , their own journey and their history as a disabled person .
`` The room was silent while they were speaking . You could hear a pin drop . ''
Pentagon holds brain injury data The Pentagon is refusing to release data on how many soldiers have suffered brain injuries in Iraq and Afghanistan . It says disclosing the results would put the lives of those fighting at risk . The data come from screenings of 1,587 soldiers at Fort Bragg in North Carolina and 9,000 at Fort Carson in Colorado . Army Medical Command spokesperson Jaime Cavazos said Wednesday that the results of the tests represent `` information the enemy could use to potentially make soldiers more vulnerable to harm . '' They declined to elaborate . FROM MILD TO SEVERE : Brain injuries add up Pentagon scientists and other health officials have already made public similar data from other installations . Those results show that about 10 % of combat troops — and 20 % in front-line infantry units — suffered concussions during their tours . The injuries frequently go undiagnosed ; multiple concussions can lead to permanent brain damage . The screening is done with a questionnaire prepared by the Defense and Veterans Brain Injury Center , a research arm of the Defense and Veterans Affairs departments . The questionnaire is used at four military bases , and center director Deborah Warden has urged that it be used throughout the military . So far , the Pentagon has declined to do so because it questions whether troops can accurately answer the questions in the screening . Naval Medical Center San Diego , which has been screening Marines from nearby Camp Pendleton for two years — and , more recently , soldiers from the Army 's Fort Irwin — released data this week . Those data show that 10 % of 7,909 Marines with the 1st Marine Division suffered brain injuries . Researchers tried to follow up with 500 Marines who suffered concussions . They reached 161 of them and found that 83 % were still suffering symptoms on average 10 months after the injury . At Fort Irwin , 1,490 soldiers were screened , and almost 12 % suffered concussions during their combat tours .
BLUE -highlighted sulfhydryl group . Thiol with a-highlighted sulfhydryl group .
Thiol ( ) [ 1 ] is an organosulfur compound of the form R-SH , where R represents an alkyl or other organic substituent . Thiols are the sulfur analogue of alcohols ( that is , sulfur takes the place of oxygen in the hydroxyl group of an alcohol ) , and the word is a portmanteau of `` thion '' + `` alcohol , '' with the first word deriving from Greek θεῖον ( theion ) = `` sulfur '' . [ 2 ] The –SH functional group itself is referred to as either a thiol group or a sulfhydryl group .
Many thiols have strong odors resembling that of garlic or rotten eggs . Thiols are used as odorants to assist in the detection of natural gas ( which in pure form is odorless ) , and the `` smell of natural gas '' is due to the smell of the thiol used as the odorant . Thiols are sometimes referred to as mercaptans . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] The term `` mercaptan '' [ 5 ] was introduced in 1832 by William Christopher Zeise and is derived from the Latin mercurium captāns ( capturing mercury ) [ 6 ] because the thiolate group ( RS- ) bonds very strongly with mercury compounds . [ 7 ]
Structure and bonding [ edit ]
Thiols and alcohols have similar connectivity . Because sulfur is a larger element than oxygen , the C–S bond lengths – typically around 180 picometres in length – is about 40 picometers longer than a typical C–O bond . The C–S–H angles approach 90° whereas the angle for the C-O-H group is more obtuse . In the solid or liquids , the hydrogen-bonding between individual thiol groups is weak , the main cohesive force being van der Waals interactions between the highly polarizable divalent sulfur centers .
The S-H bond is much weaker than the O-H bond as reflected in their respective bond dissociation energy ( BDE ) . For CH 3 S-H , the BDE is 366 kJ/mol , while for CH 3 O-H , the BDE is 440 kJ/mol . [ 8 ]
Due to the small difference in the electronegativity of sulfur and hydrogen , an S–H bond is polar . In contrast , O-H bonds in hydroxyl groups are more polar . Thiols have a lower dipole moment relative to the corresponding alcohol .
Nomenclature [ edit ]
There are several ways to name the alkylthiols :
The suffix -thiol is added to the name of the alkane . This method is nearly identical to naming an alcohol and is used by the IUPAC , e.g . CH 3 SH would be methanethiol .
is added to the name of the alkane . This method is nearly identical to naming an alcohol and is used by the IUPAC , e.g . CH SH would be . The word mercaptan replaces alcohol in the name of the equivalent alcohol compound . Example : CH 3 SH would be methyl mercaptan , just as CH 3 OH is called methyl alcohol .
replaces in the name of the equivalent alcohol compound . Example : CH SH would be methyl mercaptan , just as CH OH is called methyl alcohol . The term sulfanyl or mercapto is used as a prefix , e.g . mercaptopurine .
Physical properties [ edit ]
Odor [ edit ]
Many thiols have strong odors resembling that of garlic . The odors of thiols , particularly those of low molecular weight , are often strong and repulsive . The spray of skunks consists mainly of low-molecular-weight thiols and derivatives . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] These compounds are detectable by the human nose at concentrations of only 10 parts per billion . [ 14 ] Human sweat contains ( R ) / ( S ) -3-methyl-3-sulfanylhexan-1-ol ( MSH ) , detectable at 2 parts per billion and having a fruity , onion-like odor . ( Methylthio ) methanethiol ( MeSCH 2 SH ; MTMT ) is a strong-smelling volatile thiol , also detectable at parts per billion levels , found in male mouse urine . Lawrence C. Katz and co-workers showed that MTMT functioned as a semiochemical , activating certain mouse olfactory sensory neurons , attracting female mice . [ 15 ] Copper has been shown to be required by a specific mouse olfactory receptor , MOR244-3 , which is highly responsive to MTMT as well as to various other thiols and related compounds . [ 16 ] A human olfactory receptor , OR2T11 , has been identified which , in the presence of copper , is highly responsive to the gas odorants ( see below ) ethanethiol and t-butyl mercaptan as well as other low molecular weight thiols , including allyl mercaptan found in human garlic breath , and the strong-smelling cyclic sulfide thietane . [ 17 ]
Thiols are also responsible for a class of wine faults caused by an unintended reaction between sulfur and yeast and the `` skunky '' odor of beer that has been exposed to ultraviolet light .
Not all thiols have unpleasant odors . For example , furan-2-ylmethanethiol contributes to the aroma of roasted coffee , whereas grapefruit mercaptan , a monoterpenoid thiol , is responsible for the characteristic scent of grapefruit . The effect of the latter compound is present only at low concentrations . The pure mercaptan has an unpleasant odor .
Natural gas distributors were required to add thiols , originally ethanethiol , to natural gas ( which is naturally odorless ) after the deadly New London School explosion in New London , Texas , in 1937 . Many gas distributors were odorizing gas prior to this event . Most gas odorants utilized currently contain mixtures of mercaptans and sulfides , with t-butyl mercaptan as the main odor constituent in natural gas and ethanethiol in liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG , propane ) . [ 18 ] In situations where thiols are used in commercial industry , such as liquid petroleum gas tankers and bulk handling systems , an oxidizing catalyst is used to destroy the odor . A copper-based oxidation catalyst neutralizes the volatile thiols and transforms them into inert products .
Boiling points and solubility [ edit ]
Thiols show little association by hydrogen bonding , both with water molecules and among themselves . Hence , they have lower boiling points and are less soluble in water and other polar solvents than alcohols of similar molecular weight . For this reason also , thiols and corresponding thioether functional group isomers have similar solubility characteristics and boiling points , whereas the same is not true of alcohols and their corresponding isomeric ethers .
Bonding [ edit ]
The S-H bond in thiols is weak compared to the O-H bond in alcohols . For CH 3 X-H , the bond enthalpies are 365.07 ( +/-2.1 ) for X = S and 440.2 ( +/-3 ) kcal/mol for X = O . [ 19 ] H-atom abstraction from a thiol gives a thiyl radical with the formula RS. , where R = alkyl or aryl .
Characterization [ edit ]
Volatile thiols are easily and almost unerringly detected by their distinctive odor . S-specific analyzers for gas chromatographs are useful . Spectroscopic indicators are the D 2 O-exchangeable SH signal in the 1H NMR spectrum ( 33S is NMR-active but signals for divalent sulfur are very broad and of little utility [ 20 ] ) . The ν SH band appears near 2400 cm−1 in the IR spectrum . [ 3 ] In the nitroprusside reaction , free thiol groups react with sodium nitroprusside and ammonium hydroxide to give a red colour .
Preparation [ edit ]
In industry , methanethiol is prepared by the reaction of hydrogen sulfide with methanol . This method is employed for the industrial synthesis of methanethiol :
CH 3 OH + H 2 S → CH 3 SH + H 2 O
Such reactions are conducted in the presence of acidic catalysts . The other principal route to thiols involves the addition of hydrogen sulfide to alkenes . Such reactions are usually conducted in the presence of an acid catalyst or UV light . Halide displacement , using the suitable organic halide and sodium hydrogen sulfide has also been utilized . [ 21 ]
Another method entails the alkylation of sodium hydrosulfide .
RX + NaSH → RSH + NaX ( X = Cl , Br , I )
This method is used for the production of thioglycolic acid from chloroacetic acid .
Laboratory methods [ edit ]
In general , on the typical laboratory scale , the direct reaction of a halogenoalkane with sodium hydrosulfide is inefficient owing to the competing formation of thioethers Instead , alkyl halides are converted to thiols via a S-alkylation of thiourea . This multistep , one-pot process proceeds via the intermediacy of the isothiouronium salt , which is hydrolyzed in a separate step : [ 22 ]
CH 3 CH 2 Br + SC ( NH 2 ) 2 → [ CH 3 CH 2 SC ( NH 2 ) 2 ] Br [ CH 3 CH 2 SC ( NH 2 ) 2 ] Br + NaOH → CH 3 CH 2 SH + OC ( NH 2 ) 2 + NaBr
The thiourea route works well with primary halides , especially activated ones . Secondary and tertiary thiols are less easily prepared . Secondary thiols can be prepared from the ketone via the corresponding dithioketals . [ 23 ] A related two-step process involves alkylation of thiosulfate to give the thiosulfonate ( `` Bunte salt '' ) , followed by hydrolysis . The method is illustrated by one synthesis of thioglycolic acid :
ClCH 2 CO 2 H + Na 2 S 2 O 3 → Na [ O 3 S 2 CH 2 CO 2 H ] + NaCl
Na [ O 3 S 2 CH 2 CO 2 H ] + H 2 O → HSCH 2 CO 2 H + NaHSO 4
Organolithium compounds and Grignard reagents react with sulfur to give the thiolates , which are readily hydrolyzed : [ 24 ]
RLi + S → RSLi RSLi + HCl → RSH + LiCl
Phenols can be converted to the thiophenols via rearrangement of their O-aryl dialkylthiocarbamates . [ 25 ]
Many thiols are prepared by reductive dealkylation of thioethers , especially benzyl derivatives and thioacetals . [ 26 ]
Reactions [ edit ]
Akin to the chemistry of alcohols , thiols form thioethers , thioacetals , and thioesters , which are analogous to ethers , acetals , and esters respectively . Thiols and alcohols are also very different in their reactivity , thiols being more easily oxidized than alcohols . Thiolates are more potent nucleophiles than the corresponding alkoxides .
Thiols , or more specific their conjugate bases , are readily alkylated to give thioethers :
RSH + R′Br + B → RSR′ + [ HB ] Br ( B = base )
Thiophenols are produced by S-arylation or the replacement of diazonium leaving group with sulfhydryl anion ( SH− ) : [ 27 ] [ 28 ]
ArN 2 + + SH− → ArSH + N 2
Acidity [ edit ]
Thiols are easily deprotonated . [ 29 ] Relative to the alcohols , thiols are more acidic . The conjugate base of a thiol is called a thiolate . Butanethiol has a pK a of 10.5 vs 15 for butanol . Thiophenol has a pK a of 6 vs 10 for phenol . A highly acidic thiol is pentafluorothiophenol ( C 6 F 5 SH ) with a pK a of 2.68 . Thus , thiolates can be obtained from thiols by treatment with alkali metal hydroxides .
Synthesis of thiophenolate from thiophenol
Redox [ edit ]
Thiols , especially in the presence of base , are readily oxidized by reagents such as bromine and iodine to give an organic disulfide ( R–S–S–R ) .
2 R–SH + Br 2 → R–S–S–R + 2 HBr
Oxidation by more powerful reagents such as sodium hypochlorite or hydrogen peroxide can also yield sulfonic acids ( RSO 3 H ) .
R–SH + 3 H 2 O 2 → RSO 3 H + 3 H 2 O
Oxidation can also be effected by oxygen in the presence of catalysts : [ 30 ]
2 R–SH + ​ 1⁄ 2 O 2 → RS–SR + H 2 O
Thiols participate in thiol-disulfide exchange :
RS–SR + 2 R′SH → 2 RSH + R′S–SR′
This reaction is important in nature .
Metal ion complexation [ edit ]
With metal ions , thiolates behave as ligands to form transition metal thiolate complexes . The term mercaptan is derived from the Latin mercurium captans ( capturing mercury ) [ 6 ] because the thiolate group bonds so strongly with mercury compounds . According to hard/soft acid/base ( HSAB ) theory , sulfur is a relatively soft ( polarizable ) atom . This explains the tendency of thiols to bind to soft elements/ions such as mercury , lead , or cadmium . The stability of metal thiolates parallels that of the corresponding sulfide minerals .
Thioxanthates [ edit ]
Thiolates react with carbon disulfide to give thioxanthate ( RSCS−
2 ) .
Thiyl radicals [ edit ]
The catalytic cycle for ribonucleotide reductase , demonstrating the role of thiyl radicals in producing the genetic machinery of life .
Free radicals derived from mercaptans , called thiyl radicals , are commonly invoked to explain reactions in organic chemistry and biochemistry . They have the formula RS• where R is an organic substituent such as alkyl or aryl . [ 4 ] They arise from or can be generated by a number of routes , but the principal method is H-atom abstraction from thiols . Another method involves homolysis of organic disulfides . [ 31 ] In biology thiyl radicals are responsible for the formation of the deoxyribonucleic acids , building blocks for DNA . This conversion is catalysed by ribonucleotide reductase ( see figure ) . [ 32 ] Thiyl intermediates also are produced by the oxidation of glutathione , an antioxidant in biology . Thiyl radicals ( sulfur-centred ) can transform to carbon-centred radicals via hydrogen atom exchange equilibria . The formation of carbon-centred radicals could lead to protein damage via the formation of C–C bonds or backbone fragmentation . [ 33 ]
Biological importance [ edit ]
Cysteine and cystine [ edit ]
As the functional group of the amino acid cysteine , the thiol group plays a very important role in biology . When the thiol groups of two cysteine residues ( as in monomers or constituent units ) are brought near each other in the course of protein folding , an oxidation reaction can generate a cystine unit with a disulfide bond ( –S–S– ) . Disulfide bonds can contribute to a protein 's tertiary structure if the cysteines are part of the same peptide chain , or contribute to the quaternary structure of multi-unit proteins by forming fairly strong covalent bonds between different peptide chains . A physical manifestation of cysteine-cystine equilibrium is provided by hair straightening technologies . [ 34 ]
Sulfhydryl groups in the active site of an enzyme can form noncovalent bonds with the enzyme 's substrate as well , contributing to covalent catalytic activity in catalytic triads . Active site cysteine residues are the functional unit in cysteine protease catalytic triads . Cysteine residues may also react with heavy metal ions ( Zn2+ , Cd2+ , Pb2+ , Hg2+ , Ag+ ) because of the high affinity between the soft sulfide and the soft metal ( see hard and soft acids and bases ) . This can deform and inactivate the protein , and is one mechanism of heavy metal poisoning .
Cofactors [ edit ]
Many cofactors ( non-protein-based helper molecules ) feature thiols . The biosynthesis and degradation of fatty acids and related long-chain hydrocarbons is conducted on a scaffold that anchors the growing chain through a thioester derived from the thiol Coenzyme A . The biosynthesis of methane , the principal hydrocarbon on Earth , arises from the reaction mediated by coenzyme M , 2-mercaptoethyl sulfonic acid . Thiolates , the conjugate bases derived from thiols , form strong complexes with many metal ions , especially those classified as soft . The stability of metal thiolates parallels that of the corresponding sulfide minerals .
In skunks [ edit ]
The spray of skunks consists mainly of low-molecular-weight thiols and derivatives . These have a foul odor that protects skunks from predators such as humans and wolves . Owls can prey on skunks as they do not have a sense of smell [ 35 ] and are therefore not deterred .
Examples of thiols [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
It 's almost Halloween , Launchies , and with a midnight premiere coming up on Halloween , it 's a perfect time for a pumpkin carving contest ! ( that 's the front of my finished pumpkin above ! ) This contest is actually for Countdown to NovEnder Day 31 , but is being posted now to ensure a lengthy entry period .
If you 've never carved a pumpkin before , I urge you to give it a try ! I first began carving pumpkins about 6 years ago and I 've had tons of fun every year since . Eventually I started carving foam pumpkins so that I could keep them every year rather than watching all my hard work rot away just a few days later .
How to Enter
To enter , carve an Ender 's Game themed pumpkin and send us photos of it to valentine @ enderwiggin.net . Please read the rules carefully . Feel free to download and use our Ender 's Game pumpkin stencils available HERE .
Please include :
Pumpkin lit in the dark
Pumpkin in light
Verification photo – Example of verification photos : the pumpkin with a newspaper with the date clearly showing , the pumpkin next to your computer with the EnderWiggin.net site up , or a photo of yourself with the pumpkin . EnderWiggin.net will NOT post photos of people .
A description of your pumpkin 's Ender 's Game theme .
DEADLINE : Entries must be submitted by November 1st , 2013 at midnight ET .
This contest is open worldwide .
Rules
Pumpkin entries must have a CLEAR Ender 's Game theme . Acceptable types of carvings : pumpkin , watermelon , foam pumpkin . Entry must have been carved in October 2013 . Multiple pumpkins are acceptable , but will be judged as one entry unless you submit them separately . You may enter as many carvings as you wish . Limit one prize packet per person .
Pumpkins will be judged on the following criteria :
creativity
attention to detail
quality of photos
Tips for Good Pumpkin Photos
Do not use flash .
Keep camera very still , such as on a tripod or propped up on something .
Do not submit very small images as this can hurt the amount of points you are awarded by judges . If we ca n't see it , we ca n't judge very well !
Prizes
Prizes are subject to change . This post will be updated if prizes are added .
First Place wins the Grand Prize packet which includes :
Ender 's Game movie tickets from Fandango.com
Ender 's Game Comic Con bag
Ender 's Game Comic Con static clings ( 8 )
EnderWiggin.net bookmarks
Ender 's Game buttons
Ender 's Game Comic Con dog tags ( 3 )
Ender 's Game score by Steve Jablonsky from Varese Sarabande
Ender 's Game book ( movie tie-in edition ) from TOR Books
Ender 's Game movie poster
Ender 's Game keychain
Dragon Army and Third pins from Smart Pop Books
Ender 's Game IMAX fan collage
Second Place Prize packet includes :
Ender 's Game movie calendar
Ender 's Game score by Steve Jablonsky from Varese Sarabande
Ender 's Game Comic Con static clings ( 8 )
Ender 's Game Comic Con bag
EnderWiggin.net bookmarks
Ender 's Game keychain
Ender 's Game Comic Con dog tags ( 3 )
Dragon Army and Third pins from Smart Pop Books
Third Place Prize packet includes :
Ender 's Game Comic Con static clings ( 8 )
EnderWiggin.net bookmarks
Ender 's Game keychain
Ender 's Game Comic Con dog tags ( 3 )
Fourth Place Prize packet includes :
Brother is being hanged for tiger . Aarrre Whr is tiger ? — Salman Khan ( @ BeingSalmanKhan ) July 25 , 2015
Tiger ki hi to kami hai India mein . Tiger ko Lao . Hum toh upne family par mar jaaaeen . Tiger tumhaara bhai kuch Dino mein tumhare liyeh — Salman Khan ( @ BeingSalmanKhan ) July 25 , 2015
been wanting to tweet Tis fr 3 days n was afraid to do so but it involves a man 's n family . Do n't hang brother hang tha lomdi who ran away — Salman Khan ( @ BeingSalmanKhan ) July 25 , 2015
N no 1 ever Address them as tiger ever . Does not deserve that at all . Hang that .............. fill in th blanks — Salman Khan ( @ BeingSalmanKhan ) July 25 ,
NEW DELHI : Bollywood superstar Salman Khan took to micro-blogging site Twitter to oppose the death penalty of 1993 Mumbai serial blasts convict Yakub Memon In a series of tweets , Salman Khan lashed out at Yakub 's absconding brother , Tiger Memon , one of the prime suspects in the 1993 blasts case.Actor Salman said that it was unfair for Yakub to be hanged while their brother was one of the major suspects . Taking a jibe at Tiger , they said `` Bhai ho toh aisa '' .The star also asked Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to send Tiger to India if they were in their country . '' Sharif Saab ek darkhaust hai k agar yeh aap k mulkh mein hai toh plz iktila kar deejiyeh . Kidhar chupa hai tiger ? .. Here are the tweets that Salman Khan posted:53-year-old Yakub will hang on the same day as their birthday , July 30.Memon , whose curative petition against the death sentence awarded by special TADA court was dismissed by the Supreme Court earlier this week , is lodged in Nagpur Central Jail.As many as 257 people were killed and over 700 injured in the serial blasts in Mumbai on March 12 , 1993 . Memon was the only convict in the case whose death penalty was upheld by the apex court.After their curative petition was dismissed , Memon has submitted a mercy petition to Maharashtra Governor . The President had earlier rejected their mercy petition .
Photo
For most couples , passion and romance eventually fade over time , and a more calm , contented love takes over as the years go by .
But for long-together couples who fear boredom has set in , brain and behavior researchers have come up with a simple prescription for reigniting the fires of romantic love . To learn more , click here to read my Well column about reinventing date night in today 's Science Times .
And then take the following quiz to find out how you score on the passion meter . This passionate love scale was developed by Elaine Hatfield , psychology professor at the University of Hawaii , and Susan Sprecher , psychology and sociology professor at Illinois State University . It was designed to assess the cognitive , emotional and behavioral aspects of passionate love and has been widely used by relationship researchers for the past two decades .
Dr. Hatfield notes that the scale is useful for researchers , but that couples should only take the test for fun and not make major decisions based on how they score on the 15-item scale . “ Love and life are very complex , and a person 's emotions are always nuanced , ” they said .
Answer the following questions to test your level of passionate love . Think of the person you love most passionately now , and respond by circling the appropriate response . Answers range from ( 1 ) not at all true to ( 9 ) definitely true . Then , add up your scores and check the scale below to see how hot your love fires burn .
With a year-long congressional inquiry regarding the accounting strategies of several U.S. tech companies coming to an end , Apple on Thursday issued a statement saying it paid $ 6 billion in taxes for fiscal 2012 , representing about 2.5 percent of all collected corporate taxes combined .
Source : Senator Carl Levin , Chairman of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations.Source : U.S . Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs
Apple 's European headquarters in Cork , Ireland .
Citing people familiar with the matter , The New York Times reported that the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations is wrapping up an investigation into a number of technology companies that use specialized accounting practices to avoid U.S. taxes , which are higher than those levied in many foreign countries.According to the sources , Apple had become the focus of the inquiry as its accountants have managed to allocate some 70 percent of taxable income overseas despite running a base of operations in the U.S . The tactics used are completely legal , though head of the investigations committee Senator Carl Levin said off-shoring income and intellectual property is hurting the U.S. budget and ultimately average Americans.This subcommittee has demonstrated in hearings and comprehensive reports how various schemes have helped shift income to offshore tax havens and avoid U.S. taxes ,  Senator Levin said at a hearing involving testimony from Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard . The resulting loss of revenue is one significant cause of the budget deficit , and adds to the tax burden that ordinary Americans bear.As for Apple , Senator Levin said the ongoing investigation revealed the company to have deferred taxes on over $ 35.4 billion between 2009 and 2011 . The amounts Apple does pay , however , are not insubstantial as the U.S. government collected $ 3.3 billion in cash taxes from the company for the 2011 fiscal year.In its statement on Thursday , Apple said it was `` one of the top corporate income taxpayers in the country , if not the largest , '' and noted that it `` conducted all of its business with the highest of ethical standards , complying with applicable laws and accounting rules.For the past fiscal year , Apple said it paid `` an enormous amount of taxes '' to local , state and federal governments . In fiscal 2012 we paid $ 6 billion in federal corporate income taxes , which is 1 out of every 40 dollars in corporate income taxes collected by the U.S. government ,  according to the statement.Apple is known to be a trendsetter , and apparently this extends into corporate accounting as well . In the 1980s the company created a method that routed income through subsidiaries in Ireland , the Netherlands and the Caribbean called the `` Double Irish With a Dutch Sandwich. The Times said that hundreds of corporations now use a variation of that tactic , or the exact method Apple uses , to reduce tax burdens.In the U.S. , Apple was accused of sidestepping billions of dollars in taxes by moving profit and investment operations to a headquarters in Nevada to effectively avoid California 's 8.84 percent state tax.Apple is reportedly cooperating with the senate subcommittee 's investigation , which is expected to yield recommendations to Congress that may have an effect on future tax code discussions .
Even though I strongly disagree with this lifestyle choice , exercise is a very effective way to stay in good health . While most people see exercising as a chore necessary to feel good throughout the day or as a way to lose/maintain weight , some people go above and beyond and embrace this as more than a hobby , transforming this into their identity . One form of exercise that people seem to go all out for is bicycling . You know someone is really into cycling if they have a bike that cost more than your computer , multiple spandex outfits solely for riding and are under the impression that they 're a car . However , these people could only be called hobbyists in comparison to experimental avant-garde artist George Castonzo .
While Castonzo had been producing quality work that the experimental avant-garde scene was loving , they fell into a deep depression at some point in 2002 and almost completely vanished from the movement . In an interview with Experimental Avant-garde Monthly , Castonzo cited that their depression had stemmed from their inability to experience the miracle of child birth . About three years had passed and Castonzo seemed to be making no progress towards a happier life , when they found inspiration from consecutive seven time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong . They instantly idolized Armstrong as they accepted their final award , and Castonzo decided to take up biking as a regular form of exercise . After a month Castonzo was mentally and physically better than ever , as well as earning a respect for cycling as more than just exercise , leading to their return in the experimental avant-garde world with a fresh view as “ Lance Jr . ”
Everything for Lance Jr. had been going fantastic for about 7 years , constantly churning out innovative works and riding 5 miles daily . However , once they found out that their idol had been using enhancement drugs , they felt betrayed . Many of their friends , once they heard the news , assumed Lance Jr. would fall back into their depressive state , but they proved them wrong . Instead of moping around that their hero had been a fraud the entire time , they decided to become their own hero and took bike 's rights into their own hands , along with changing their name to “ Two Wheels. ” One associate pointed out how stupid that sounded and quickly changed it to “ BiWheel . ”
As an activist for bicycle rights , BiWheel would go around their city to eliminate the abuse of bikes , such as those left outside in the hot , dry sun while someone enjoys their post-workout meal . They started their activism calmly , simply leaving sticky notes with a kindly worded message when this occurred , but once they saw someone ride down the street with three sticky notes on their seat , they knew more drastic measures were necessary and decided to use their art as a platform . BiWheel shared the two wheeled pain with the world in many forms , their most popular piece being Locked Up : A Few Minutes To Life .
Though many were fond of their activist works , nearly everybody saw this as satire and refused to take them seriously . This is when BiWheel began to take more aggressive actions , carrying bolt cutters wherever they went and freeing any chained up bicycle they could find . Sadly , the police did not appreciate their efforts , as they are currently serving five years in a maximum security prison .
Advertisements
MONTREAL—The husband of one of the Quebecers killed in the Burkina Faso terrorist attack says hanging up on Justin Trudeau “ felt good ” when the prime minister called them earlier this week . Yves Richard told Montreal radio station 98.5 FM on Thursday they were frustrated in the hours after last week 's tragedy with what they called Global Affairs Canada 's lack of tact and empathy .
Maude Carrier , a high school French teacher from Quebec , was killed in terror attacks on a hotel and cafe in Burkina Faso , on Jan. 15 . Them husband , Yves Richard , hung up on Justin Trudeau , frustrated with the prime minister 's platitudes . ( HANDOUT / NYT )
They did say this has since improved and that the families of victims are being treated better . But Richard was not impressed with Trudeau when the prime minister rang them up Monday , three days after the attack which killed their wife , Maude Carrier , and five other Quebecers . “ My prime minister called me and began speaking in such a canned manner , wishing me good luck , offering me their condolences and talking about them as a source of Canadian pride , ” they said .
Article Continued Below
“ That 's when I told them to stop their political blabbing . “ If he 's going to call me , then at least they should know who the Carriers are . It was n't out of Canadian pride that they were doing what they were doing , but rather because they were basically good people. ” The six were on a humanitarian mission in Burkina Faso 's capital of Ouagadougou when Al Qaeda carried out the attack . Four of the dead were from the same family : Yves Carrier ; their wife Gladys Chamberland ; their adult son Charlelie Carrier , as well as Maude , Yves Carrier 's daughter . Richard said their conversation with Trudeau ended with them telling the prime minister to go hug their wife and children .
“ Then I hung up on them and it felt good. ” Richard said they much preferred the approach of Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard , who called them last Sunday and promised to simplify the political red tape for the families affected .
Article Continued Below
Earlier this week , Maude Carrier 's mother urged Trudeau to keep Canadian fighter planes involved in the war on terrorism the Middle East . Camille Carrier , whose ex-husband was Yves Carrier , said they were ashamed by Trudeau 's pledge to pull the six CF-18 jet fighters .
Read more about :
Texas Gov . Rick Perry Gage Skidmore ( CC-BY-SA )
Listening to Republicans in Washington ( and Texas and Arizona ) scream about the “ crisis ” of migrant children arriving from Central America on our southern border , it is puzzling to realize they do n't actually want to do anything to solve the problem . Nor do these hysterical politicians — led by that down-home diva Rick Perry , the governor of Texas — want to let President Barack Obama do anything , either .
Except that they insist the president absolutely must visit the border , in person , preferably with a thousand members of the National Guard ( who could join the Border Patrol and local police in accepting the children as they surrender ) . Strangely enough , these Republicans , along with a few Texas Democrats , seem to believe this is the most important action Obama could undertake .
Understandably , the president is skeptical . “ This is n't theater , ” they responded tartly . “ This is a problem . I 'm not interested in photo ops . I 'm interested in solving a problem. ” As they know , this episode is only the latest in a long sequence of similar clown shows , with Republicans citing ridiculous reasons to delay or prevent government action . Their irritation is fully justified .
But perhaps Obama should have gone down to the border anyway , stood in the blazing sunlight with the dim governor for as long as Perry wished — and allowed the television cameras to show that their presence had accomplished exactly nothing . Of course , if Obama showed up at the border , the Republicans assuredly would criticize them for wasting time on a photo op . They have become the party of perpetual whining .
When they are n't bleating about Obama , they 're concocting weird theories about their secret plans to destroy America . Only last week , Perry coyly hinted — although they said they did n't want to be “ conspiratorial ” — that the White House must be “ in on ” the border crossings , because migrant kids could n't have showed up en masse without “ a highly coordinated effort. ” Later , they tried to persuade CNN 's Kate Bolduan that they did n't really mean what their idiotic words said — an explanation everyone has heard from them before .
While Perry has taken the lead , they are n't the only elected official whose mouth spews absurdities on this subject . Sen. Ron Johnson , R-Wis. , offered a policy approach that would please any simpleton , when they explained why the president 's request for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funding looks far too big to him . “ I 've gone online and have taken a look on Orbitz and taken a look at what does it cost to fly people to El Salvador and Guatemala and Honduras . You have fares as low as $ 207 . There are nonstop flights at $ 450 . You take those numbers and it costs somewhere between $ 11 million and $ 30 million to return people in a very humane fashion , ” they opined .
Evidently nobody informed the Wisconsin senator about the myriad other costs involved in rounding up and caring for these terrified children , who are entitled to a court hearing and other consideration under an anti-trafficking law signed by former President George W. Bush . Anyone who wants to expedite their removal — a disturbingly inhumane and unnecessary policy — must first provide more courts , judges and lawyers . And anyone who wants a decent policy , which includes action against the drug warlords who are threatening and killing these innocents , must be prepared to spend more than the cost of an Orbitz ticket .
Some Republicans , notably Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Fla. , are urging the president to include their pet projects , such as electronic verification requirements for employers and at border crossings , in their spending bill . And many GOP lawmakers , having demanded action on the border issue from Obama , are equally adamant that the funding must be “ offset ” by cuts in other programs .
None of these geniuses appears to realize all their barking , carping and mooning are frustrating the president 's attempt to address the “ crisis ” that is agitating them so fiercely . Or more likely , they know exactly what they 're doing — and the point , as usual , is to embarrass Obama .
But not every Republican talks total nonsense about the border and immigration . Alfonso Aguilar , who headed the Office of Citizenship under Bush , recently wrote : “ Contrary to the narrative of some opportunistic politicians and pundits , this unfortunate situation is not the result of the Obama administration failing to enforce the law . In reality , most would-be-migrants believe that crossing the border has become much more difficult , and in the last decade , the U.S. government has greatly strengthened border security and interior enforcement . ”
Meanwhile , the majority of Americans is increasingly repulsed by the primitive nativism and partisan opportunism of Republican leaders on immigration . Democrats , independents and even many rank-and-file Republicans want a more decent and constructive policy . Ultimately , voters must grasp that the GOP is the greatest single obstacle to every vital reform . That day can not come too soon .
Following the reports published today by the newspaper Diario AS concerning the schools that Soxna and Evergrande have in Spain , Real Madrid C. F. wish to state the following :
1 . Any football schools that Soxna and Evergrande have in Spain were created outwith the activities of Real Madrid .
2 . Real Madrid were invited to participate in this project , and the club 's response was firm and unequivocal . In a letter sent to Evergrande , dated 20 May 2014 , the Real Madrid Foundation said :
`` In response to the proposal made by Evergrande to create a branch of the Guangzhou school in Madrid through the creation of an academy linking the brands Evergrande and the Real Madrid Foundation , our reply must unfortunately be negative . This is because the creation of an academy to bring non-resident Chinese children to Spain to link them to clubs ' youth academy activities is in conflict with FIFA regulations . If other Chinese companies are carrying out a similar activity with Spanish clubs , this could lead to FIFA sanctions being applied to these clubs . Furthermore , the proposal that you have made to us not only places Real Madrid at risk of sanctions , but also Guangzhou Evergrande ” .
3 . All Real Madrid activities with Soxna and Evergrande are carried out exclusively in the territory of China , with the objective of helping both to promote football and the education of children through our social sports schools in China .
4 . The club regrets this report that attempts to link Real Madrid to the schools that Soxna and Evergrande have in Spain , and is absolutely false .
5 . Real Madrid wish to reiterate once again the club 's total commitment to the defence and protection of minors and to the strict adherence to FIFA regulations in this regard .
Queensland coach Phil Jaques has resigned from their post for personal reasons , opting to return to Sydney with their young family , where they will take up a position as NSW batting coach .
Jaques , who has been in charge of the Bulls for the past two seasons , enjoyed a productive stint as mentor , overseeing a young squad and most notably playing a key role in the Test selection of batsmen Matthew Renshaw , Joe Burns and Usman Khawaja .
Quick single : Aussie warm-up ends in damp squib
The former Test batsman will return to the Blues - where they worked previously as assistant and batting coach - under current head coach Trent Johnston .
`` Stepping down was a very challenging decision to make , and not one that I made lightly , but I know it was the right one for my family and me , '' said Jaques , originally from the Illawarra region and a NSW player throughout their first-class career .
`` I have enjoyed the chance to coach at a high level with Queensland and stand aside with the knowledge that there are a number of very special players in the group who have bright futures .
`` I congratulate the players , coaches and support staff for working hard and buying into what we looked to achieve with the group and wish them all the best as they tackle the coming season .
`` Queensland Cricket made us very welcome when we moved here and I thank them for their understanding in this instance , but also the professional and caring manner which they have displayed during my time with the Bulls .
`` I 'm also grateful to Cricket NSW for giving me the chance to tackle a head coaching role originally , and for working with Queensland Cricket to assist me with a coaching role when we return to Sydney . ''
Quick single : That 's drinks : Khawaja ready for cricket
Queensland Cricket CEO Max Walters said a replacement for Jaques was already being considered , while in the meantime the squad 's off-season program will begin next month under the guidance of experienced assistant coaches Ashley Noffke , James Hopes , Andy Bichel and John Davison and State Talent Manager Justin Sternes .
`` Phil has stood down for reasons that resonate for many , and they go with our blessing and best wishes , '' Walters said .
`` He and their wife Jessica have a young family and , after making a successful transition from player to Head Coach , they have made the decision to put their family first and return to Sydney to be closer to their extended family support network .
`` Once Phil explained their decision , we contacted Cricket NSW and have worked with them to secure a coaching role for them in Sydney with NSW .
`` In the short-term it will be a blow losing him , as their passion , attention to detail and appetite for work were exceptional whilst they were in the Bulls role . They focused on developing Queensland 's young talent and that investment in a new generation of players will stand Queensland and Australian cricket in very good stead in the years ahead . ''
Queensland 's most notable team success during Jaques ' tenure came when they finished first at the end of the regular round of the 2016 Matador One-Day Cup , only to be beaten by New South Wales in the final .
The 38-year-old was also seen as playing a pivotal role in the development of a host of young Bulls talent , namely Mitch Swepson , Chris Lynn , Sam Heazlett , Cameron Boyce , Michael Neser , Billy Stanlake and Jack Wildermuth – all of whom have either gone on to earn Australia A call-ups or ODI honours .
`` I 'm delighted that Phil Jaques is returning to Cricket NSW , '' said Cricket NSW CEO Andrew Jones .
`` He developed the nickname 'Pro ' during an impressive playing career because of their meticulous approach and has taken that into their coaching career .
`` Phil left NSW to be head coach of Queensland two years ago having done an outstanding job as Blues assistant and batting coach and we are very lucky to have them back .
`` Phil and ( wife ) Jessica have young children and were very keen to get back closer to family in NSW . 'Pro ' is and remains a very proud Bluebagger .
`` So it will be great to have them back home . ''
Return of Joona ‘ Serral ' Sotala
Today we are incredibly excited to announce the Starcraft II roster will be strengthened by the return of Serral to the ENCE eSports organisation . Having played for ENCE before making their way to mYinsanity Serral has been one of the up and coming young players of the Starcraft II scene in recent years and we are thrilled to have them return . The young player has shown a lot of promise and looks like they will only continue to grow . We look forward to the work that we will do together and help them to progress further in their career on the global scene . We would also like to thank mYinsanity for a smooth transfer of Serral and wish them all the best in their continued Starcraft II presence amongst other games .
Below you can find statements from Serral , ENCE and mYinsanity about the transfer .
Joona ‘ Serral ' Sotala
I have been part of a foreign team for two and half years now , which has been a rewarding time for me and I want to thank mYinsanity for everything they provided me with . Now it has become time to turn over a new leaf and look at the future in a new way . Returning to ENCE eSports feels like a natural move . However , first I have to take care of my matriculation examination and after that I can concentrate fully on eSports . ENCE makes all this possible for me and I believe we can help each other to achieve our goals . I ca n't wait to see what the future brings , thanks ENCE for giving me this chance and all the sponsors who make this possible .
Petri ‘ procyh ' Hämälä – CEO , ENCE eSports
We are excited to welcome Joona back to our StarCraft II squad . We saw potential in them during the early phase of their career and when they represented ENCE during 2013 to 2014 . Since then they have represented Switzerland based organization mYinsanity and during that time collected important knowledge for their career , but now it 's time to come back home ! Our goal is to support Joona and help them improve as a player with coaching from former successful professional gamers and Vierumäki the Sport Institute of Finland that is also the official training centre of the Finnish Olympic Committee .
This is an 18 year old talent with lots of gaming years a head and can go far with the right direction !
Kerry ‘ Halcyon ' Murray – General Manager , mYinsanity
As a physicist , I do a lot of writing and public speaking about the remarkable nature of our cosmos , primarily because I think science is a key part of our cultural heritage and needs to be shared more broadly . Sometimes , I refer to the fact that religion and science are often in conflict ; from time to time , I ridicule religious dogma . When I do , I sometimes get accused in public of being a “ militant atheist. ” Even a surprising number of my colleagues politely ask if it would n't be better to avoid alienating religious people . Should n't we respect religious sensibilities , masking potential conflicts and building common ground with religious groups so as to create a better , more equitable world ?
I found myself thinking about those questions this week as I followed the story of Kim Davis , the county clerk in Kentucky who directly disobeyed a federal judge 's order to issue marriage licenses to gay couples , and , as a result , was jailed for contempt of court . ( She was released earlier today . ) Davis 's supporters , including the Kentucky senator and Presidential candidate Rand Paul , are protesting what they believe to be an affront to their religious freedom . It is “ absurd to put someone in jail for exercising their religious liberties , ” Paul said , on CNN .
The Kim Davis story raises a basic question : To what extent should we allow people to break the law if their religious views are in conflict with it ? It 's possible to take that question to an extreme that even Senator Paul might find absurd : imagine , for example , a jihadist whose interpretation of the Koran suggested that they should be allowed to behead infidels and apostates . Should they be allowed to break the law ? Or—to consider a less extreme case—imagine an Islamic-fundamentalist county clerk who would not let unmarried men and women enter the courthouse together , or grant marriage licenses to unveiled women . For Rand Paul , what separates these cases from Kim Davis 's ? The biggest difference , I suspect , is that Senator Paul agrees with Kim Davis 's religious views but disagrees with those of the hypothetical Islamic fundamentalist .
The problem , obviously , is that what is sacred to one person can be meaningless ( or repugnant ) to another . That 's one of the reasons why a modern secular society generally legislates against actions , not ideas . No idea or belief should be illegal ; conversely , no idea should be so sacred that it legally justifies actions that would otherwise be illegal . Davis is free to believe whatever they want , just as the jihadist is free to believe whatever they want ; in both cases , the law constrains not what they believe but what they do .
In recent years , this territory has grown murkier . Under the banner of religious freedom , individuals , states , and even—in the case of Hobby Lobby—corporations have been arguing that they should be exempt from the law on religious grounds . ( The laws from which they wish to claim exemption do not focus on religion ; instead , they have to do with ( ( Often , % 20the laws from which they wish to claim exemption have to do with social issues , such as abortion and gay marriage . ) ) , such as abortion and gay marriage . ) The government has a compelling interest in insuring that all citizens are treated equally . But “ religious freedom ” advocates argue that religious ideals should be elevated above all others as a rationale for action . In a secular society , this is inappropriate .
The Kim Davis controversy exists because , as a culture , we have elevated respect for religious sensibilities to an inappropriate level that makes society less free , not more . Religious liberty should mean that no set of religious ideals are treated differently from other ideals . Laws should not be enacted whose sole purpose is to denigrate them , but , by the same token , the law should n't elevate them , either .
'' I want my picture taken with the next President , '' begged one delegate , who beamed a pose beside the Senate majority leader for a companion to frame .
'' I wish you 'd give us a chance to vote for you , '' chimed in a man from Texas . '' I 'd like to , '' the Tennessee Senator grinned without a trace of bashfulness .
Later , it was Senator Bob Dole of Kansas and their wife , Elizabeth , the Secretary of Transportation , who were engulfed by a gaggle of microphones and television crews directly under the rostrum . Dual Portraits , Single Slogan
An aide produced political buttons with dual cameo portraits of the Senator and the Secretary and the single slogan of `` Dole '88 , '' leaving the wearer to make a choice or ponder a family combination ticket .
Back at the New York delegation , another swirl of delegates and reporters gathered around Mr. Kemp , the trim , outspoken Buffalo Congressman , who offered the assessment that Walter F. Mondale , the Democratic Presidential nominee , was `` dropping like a stone '' in the opinion polls with their talk of tax increases .
Only 20 paces away , Lewis E. Lehrman , the conservative , multimillionaire New York drug store magnate , doffed their coat to chat with strolling delegates and show the red suspenders that were the trademark of their unsuccessful run for Governor against Mario Cuomo in 1982 .
Each scene flashed the signal that for some leaders the Republican future without Ronald Reagan is already visible over the horizon . Their jockeying here is more striking and purposeful this year than that of their predecessors in 1972 , when the Republicans last assembled to renominate a sitting President . A Four-Year Gantlet
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For , in the intervening years , it has become conventional political wisdom that a run for the nation 's highest office is at minimum a four-year gantlet . The present field knows that Mr. Reagan laid plans for 1980 after their unsuccessful bid in 1976 and that Mr. Mondale gave orders to their lieutenants for the 1984 campaign within days of the Democratic defeat in 1980 .
Indeed , the Republican competition here seems even more pronounced than among the Democrats in San Francisco , in part because Mr. Reagan can serve only one more term while Mr. Mondale 's future is much less defined .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Realistically , the Reagan convention impresarios have given the party 's leading lights a chance to showcase their talents - Mr. Baker on Monday night , both Doles and Mr. Kemp tonight .
Vice President Bush , who has to wait for a formal appearance with the President on Thursday , reached for their share of the limelight this afternoon with a well-timed convention hall news conference to top a round of appearances before state delegations . Tactics Dictated by Roles
Behind the first tier of 1988 hopefuls , others worked the convention or were touted by supporters - Gov . George Deukmejian of California , Gov . Pierre S. du Pont 4th of Delaware , Senator Richard G. Lugar of Indiana , Senator William L. Armstrong of Colorado and Mr. Lehrman .
Stylistically , each contender has largely pursued the tactics dictated by their institutional role : Mr. Bush the tireless , loyal , self-effacing Vice President ; Mr. Kemp , the outspoken leader of the Young Turks Republican minority in the House , and Senators Baker and Dole , realistic and responsible practitioners of the politics of compromise .
'' Bush is very careful not to let themselves be connected with anything to do with succession politics , '' observed Representative Jim Leach of Iowa . '' He 's strictly sticking behind the President , going everywhere speaking to delegates , and that 's the best tactic for them to succeed . ''
It did not prevent Mr. Bush , however , from re-emphasizing their pragmatic conservativism and their Texas ties by taking a derisive shot at the party 's `` extremist fringe '' that tries to parlay mailing lists of contributors into influence . '' All hat and no cattle , '' they sniped . '' They do not represent the Republican Party . '' The Politics of Confrontation
The Kemp formula has been to work the politics of confrontation . Their major bid last week was to take the rhetorical offensive with other young House conservatives who controlled the platform committee and put the imprint of their supply-side economics on a platform that Mr. Kemp hailed as `` the most radical '' party document in years .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Outspoken opposition came from Mr. Dole , the Republican Vice-Presidential nominee in 1976 and chairperson of the Senate Finance Committee .
From the rostrum tonight , they chided the Young Turks in the House for what they implied was a lack of political realism , suggesting that as part of a legislative minority people like Mr. Kemp could afford the luxury of free-wheeling rhetoric while Senate Republican leaders had to produce results . '' It 's easier to politicize the budget than to balance it , '' Mr. Dole said .
But their wife 's speech , asserting the political independence of women , drew an even warmer response than his . Photography as a Political Tool
As Senator Baker 's rambling politicking indicated , they have found their hobby as an amateur photographer a useful tool for cementing contacts and building a nationwide network . '' It 's one of the best things you can do to take someone 's picture and send it to them , '' said Tommy Griscom , a Baker aide . '' It 's a keepsake . ''
More significantly , the Tennessean has decided to retire this year as Senate majority leader on the ground that running for President is a full- time occupation and being majority leader kept them from setting out their own agenda as a candidate .
Veronica Perrone Pollack and Vincent Perrone blow out candles . Photo by Harold Pollack .
Imagine that you are a young woman expecting your first child . Then you get into an awful crash that leaves you in a wheelchair . Or imagine that you suffer a high school wrestling injury that results in quadriplegia . Or imagine that you are intellectually disabled or living with severe mental illness , and you require long-term services and supports . If you have been reading my work , you might do more than imagine , since each of these stories involves real people who have experienced the best and the worst of what our American medical welfare state offers .
Medicaid plays a crucial role in each story . Of course the program has familiar shortcomings . Long-standing administrative challenges , ideological polarization over health reform perpetuate these difficulties . So does our nation 's tenuous commitment to the well-being of disadvantaged citizens .
On occasion , though , disability policy provides a welcome exception to this depressing pattern . Going back to the 1950s , liberal Democrats , conservative Republicans , and others in-between have made essential contributions , helping millions of people live happier , more productive , and fuller lives . My family is certainly quite grateful for the help provided to my brother-in-law Vincent , who requires a variety of Medicaid-financed services to address their Fragile X syndrome . Medicaid is essential in their life , and in the lives of 8.8 million other non-elderly Americans who live with significant disabilities .
Medicaid does have one huge flaw , which hurts millions of people living with disabilities , injuries , or chronic illness . You have to live , officially at least , as a pauper . With important variations across the states , most recipients are forbidden from having more than two or three thousand dollars in the bank .
You can generally keep your house or your car . That 's pretty much it . You ca n't have that emergency fund on hand in case the muffler or the furnace breaks . And what about the stuff Medicaid does n't cover ? It 's nice to get your teeth cleaned or just to buy a Big Mac every once in awhile . Because of such means-testing , that new mother is forbidden from setting any money aside for their child 's education . That food services worker living with intellectual disabilities ca n't save up for a nice vacation .
Then there 's retirement . As Joe Entwisle put things :
`` The reality for someone in my situation is that retirement usually is n't an option . You work until you die , literally . A friend of mine is a perfect example . It 's almost creepy the similarities in our life . Both of us had a spinal cord injury at 16 . Both of us were injured wrestling . Both of us are policy analysts . He 's a really good guy . He 's 63 years old . They started working for the state many years ago . Yet because of the odd rules around Medicaid eligibility and the differential treatment of earned and unearned income , they literally can not retire . They know they have to work until he 's dead or until some rules change . As soon as they start to draw [ retirement income ] , he 's not going to be eligible for health-care programs or he 'll have to spend down to essentially $ 710 a month . They could no longer afford their house . They could no longer afford even the taxes on the house . ''
The current system has other problems , too . First , there is the ironic class bias that so often accompanies complicated rules . If your caregiver happens to be a University of Chicago professor , you have access to skilled lawyers who can draw up the proper wills and special needs trusts to side-step many official requirements .
Families with less financial or social capital often go without . Others dangerously improvise . Maybe an octogenarian parent leaves all of their money to their oldest son , with an implicit understanding that he 'll use half of these funds for their younger sister . Suppose they get divorced or misuses the money ? How many other ways can this go wrong ? Means-testing encourages families to cut corners . Worse , it hinders precisely the long-term planning that every person with a disability and every family should do .
These requirements seem especially strange in the wake of health reform . If you 're on Medicaid because you had a spinal cord injury , you face punishing limitations on your allowable financial assets . If you qualify for Medicaid on the basis of low-income , you do n't face the same limitations . There 's no real justification for this inconsistency . Its one virtue may be that it could prove politically generative , in promoting beneficial reforms . It 's hard to believe that the disability community or the American public will long tolerate this discrepancy .
Things are already beginning to move .
The Achieving a Better Life Experience ( ABLE ) Act of 2013 provides one example . The ABLE Act was introduced last year , and it 's on the legislative agenda again this year . Identical versions are co-sponsored by seventy senators and by 359 members of the House . Pennsylvania Democrat Robert Casey , Jr. and their Republican counterpart Richard Burr introduced the Senate bill . Representatives Ander Crenshaw , Chris Van Hollen , Cathy McMorris Rodgers , and Pete Sessions introduced the counterpart House bill . It 's amazing to see Senators Bernie Sanders , Jay Rockefeller , Mitch McConnell , and James Imhofe co-sponsoring the same bill .
John Rizzo , press secretary to Senator Casey , told me that they anticipate a vote in the coming weeks . Sponsors are waiting for the Congressional Budget Office to issue a budget score . Once that happens , Rizzo is optimist that the bill can become law in the next few months .
I 'm sure ABLE accounts will bring some complicated financial mechanics , but the concept behind them is simple . These allow people living with disabilities to establish accounts similar to the 529 educational accounts that many of us have established for our kids . The balance of these ABLE accounts , and their investment returns , can be used for educational expenses , housing , transportation , assistive technologies , and other basic needs .
For many people , this reduces the need for complicated record-keeping and paperwork . It 's cheaper and easier than the complicated special needs trusts many of us have spent thousands of dollars to create and manage . It provides tax advantages . It legitimates what families are often already doing in less transparent and efficient ways . It does n't address retirement and some other key issues , but it 's very helpful .
It 's hard to oppose that , wherever you reside on the political spectrum . As Senator Robert Casey put things over email :
`` The best advocates for this bill are the people who are dealing with these challenges like Sara Wolff of Northeastern Pennsylvania . When people like Ms. Wolff , who has Down syndrome , talk about the challenges they face and the dreams they have for their lives it inspires action . Further , Democrats and Republicans have rallied behind the ABLE Act because it is a commonsense approach that uses a proven model -- the 529 account . ''
The decidedly middle-class shading helps to explain this bill 's broad support . The engineer whose youngest son lives with Down syndrome immediately sees the value of an account like this . They also have the cash to put in it .
ABLE accounts are less useful to some of my brother-in-law 's peers . Some come from very poor families . For others , ABLE accounts just come too late . They have outlived their intimate caregivers or at least these relationships . Many live entirely on federal disability benefits and nutrition assistance . Under typical terms in many settings , almost all of these benefits are signed over to the group homes and other facilities in which they live . Residents get to keep $ 50 per month for all of their discretionary expenses from dental visits to the occasional tee shirt , movie ticket , or McDonald 's hamburger .
Here in Illinois , 23,000 children and adults are somewhere on the long waiting list for in-home services , residential placement and other services . These families require more generous benefits more than they need 529-style accounts . And that 's a heavier financial and political lift . Others live in states with other difficulties . Rizzo notes that Senator Casey has encouraged Pennsylvania to embrace the Affordable Care Act 's Medicaid expansion to address poverty-related issues more effectively .
Although more remains to be done , the ABLE Act promises to be a humane and valuable contribution to public policy . In an era disfigured by mean-spirited and polarized gridlock politics , this is no little thing .
Non-interventionist news portal Antiwar.com has accused Google of using “ authoritarian ” tactics and being “ an arm of the US State Dept. , ” after it stopped providing adverts on several of its stories , which the tech giant says violate its policy .
The conflict erupted last Sunday , when the tech giant notified the website that its advertising service AdSense would be disabled , due to depictions of “ violence ” and “ gore ” next to its ads , in what Antiwar.com said was a “ big hit ” to its funding . As an example of the violations it listed a 2006 article containing photos of torture from Abu Ghraib Prison in Iraq – which Antiwar.com says has been viewed over 2 million times – and urged the administrators to “ check all other remaining sites in your account for compliance . ”
“ As Washington gets ready to re-invade Iraq , and in bombing , killing , and abusing more civilians , they suddenly decide that their ‘ anti-violence ' policy , which prohibits ‘ disturbing material ' , prohibits any depiction of violence committed by the US government and paid for with your tax dollars , ” said a statement from Antiwar.com , which urged its readers to lodge a protest against the Google policy .
“ To say this is an utter outrage would be an understatement : It is quite simply the kind of situation one might expect to encounter in an authoritarian country where state-owned or state-connected companies routinely censor material that displeases the government . Is Google now an arm of the US State Department ? ”
Although the offending article had been on the website for years without notice , it does appear to be in violation of two AdSense policies , which Google enclosed with its warning missive :
VIOLENCE/GORE : As stated in our program policies , AdSense publishers are not permitted to place Google Ads on pages with violent or disturbing content , including sites with gory text or images .
VIOLENCE : As stated in our program policies , AdSense publishers are not permitted to place Google Ads on pages with violent content . This includes sites with content related to breaking bones , getting hit by trains or cars , or people receiving serious injuries .
But Antiwar.com 's director of operations Angela Keaton told RT that the removal took place without the requisite 72-hour warning , and that even if there was a violation of the letter of the regulations , it was “ equating news with titillation ” and suppressing legitimate journalism .
The story was then picked up by the wider online media , including Gawker , and Google took notice . According to Antiwar.com a member of Google 's team promised to personally review the content , as well as apologizing for “ poor service . ”
READ MORE : Anti-war site , upon notifying FBI of cyber-threat , became surveillance target
Google then reinstated AdSense – only for the conflict to flare up again . On Friday , the California giant wrote to Antiwar.com , saying that its article from May last year , which showed an AP photo of Ukrainian rebels killed by government forces , also violated its policies .
As opposed to playing “ whack-a-mole , ” scanning each article for potential violations , Antiwar.com has now decided to break off its contract with Google altogether .
“ Antiwar.com has no intention of allowing Google to dictate our content . We are looking into alternate sources of advertising and will not likely be working with Google AdSense in the future , ” said a letter from the editorial team .
TAMPA , Fla. - Free bicycle service is now included with all AAA membership levels , the auto club announced Monday .
The service will provide an additional level of safety for motorists and bicyclists , AAA officials aid .
AAA Service Technicians will be able to assist members who they can safely reach from an accessible road or parking lot .
The member 's bicycle will then be secured to the service vehicle and transported to any point of safety within the member 's coverage : Classic ( up to 5-miles ) , Plus ( up to 100-miles ) , Premier ( 1 tow up to 200-miles ) .
“ Providing this service continues to demonstrate our commitment to meet the needs of our members , ” said Fawn Meehan , vice president of membership for AAA . “ Whether riding for sport , recreation , or exercise , it 's important for cyclists to know bicycles are considered vehicles . Following the rules of the road can save lives . ”
Coverage & Restrictions
Member must be present at the time of service and have a valid AAA card .
Bicycle service applies to all 2-wheeled bicycles , including rental bicycles & tandem/trailers pulled by bicycles .
Bicycle service is limited to transporting a bicycle . Mechanical repairs and bicycle lock services are not included .
Service is provided only along a normally traveled road or street .
Bicycle service is provided for the rider whose bicycle is disabled and accompanying minors .
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , bicycle fatalities in the United States have increased by 12 percent from 2014 to 2015 .
“ Traveling on the road requires care and courtesy - whether you are operating a car or a bicycle , ” said Amy Stracke , managing director for Traffic Safety Advocacy . “ Remember , we all have places to go . Let 's share the road so we can all get there safely . ”
With an increased number of bike riders sharing the road , AAA offers the following guidance to bicyclists and motorists :
Safety Tips for Bicyclists
Follow the Rules of the Road . Always ride with traffic , using the rightmost lane , obeying the same laws as motorists . Signal all turns .
Always ride with traffic , using the rightmost lane , obeying the same laws as motorists . Signal all turns . Be Visible . Ride where drivers can see you . Do not ride on the sidewalk . Wear bright colors during the day , reflective gear in low light conditions , and use head and tail lights at night .
Ride where drivers can see you . Do not ride on the sidewalk . Wear bright colors during the day , reflective gear in low light conditions , and use head and tail lights at night . Be Predictable . Ride in a straight line and do n't swerve between parked cars . Make eye contact with motorists to let them know you are there .
Ride in a straight line and do n't swerve between parked cars . Make eye contact with motorists to let them know you are there . Anticipate Conflicts . Always be aware of traffic around you and be prepared to take evasive action , exercising additional caution at intersections .
Always be aware of traffic around you and be prepared to take evasive action , exercising additional caution at intersections . Wear a Helmet . Helmets , when worn properly , are up to 85 percent effective in protecting the head and brain in the event of a crash .
Safety Tips for Motorists
Stay Alert . Avoid all distractions while driving and wear your seat belt .
Avoid all distractions while driving and wear your seat belt . Share the Road . Bicyclists have the same rights and responsibilities as motorists , including the right to ride in the traffic lane . Yield to bicyclists when turning .
Bicyclists have the same rights and responsibilities as motorists , including the right to ride in the traffic lane . Yield to bicyclists when turning . Slow Down . Allow at least three feet of clearance when passing a bicyclist .
Allow at least three feet of clearance when passing a bicyclist . Inclement Weather . In bad weather , give bicyclists extra passing room , just as you would other motorists .
In bad weather , give bicyclists extra passing room , just as you would other motorists . Check Mirrors and Blind Spots . Check before turning , changing lanes or opening car doors .
Check before turning , changing lanes or opening car doors . Never Honk Horn at Bicyclists . They may startle and swerve off the road or into traffic .
They may startle and swerve off the road or into traffic . Be Cautious . Watch out for children on bikes . They are often unsteady and unpredictable .
To learn how you can share the road , visit AAA 's updated website for bicycle safety videos and other resources , ShareTheRoad.AAA.com . For details on AAA 's bicycle transportation service , please visit AAA.com/Bicycle . For information on becoming a member , visit www.AAA.com .
Copyright 2017 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved .
Being couch bound finally got me to write a week worth of posts at once !
Now that I have done it once , I 'll work to keep it going !
I will continue to post daily on Facebook !
Monday , October 14 , 1013 :
How do you feel about heading back to work today ?
Clearly I do n't know what you do for work but , in a general sense , I assume you are heading back ( after the weekend ) to a job in a location where you have coworkers and bosses to interact with .
I suspect it is easier to head to work this morning than it often is on a Monday morning ! Assuming that you are working in an environment that supports your beliefs and values . If that is not the case , you may feel very detached from others today .
Ideally we are working with ‘ like minded others ' for the benefit of others today ; a day great for collaboration on innovative ideas and projects .
MOON IN AQUARIUS is VOC between 4:28PM EDT and 5:05PM EDT at which time MOON ENTERS PISCES and makes contact with NEPTUNE before bedtime .
The evening is best spent in contemplation deeply sensitive matters . Reaching for the bottle ( or other unhealthy habitual addiction ) will be the easiest path . Look at that temptation and attempt to replace it with a healthy path that will feed the same surreal need ; we long to escape into a dreamy elusive space . Find the path that allows you to transcend the human bonds of suffering . Music , Art , Poetry , Meditation , Prayer , Find your own path that bring you to intangible depths of sensitivity .
Failing that ; simply go to sleep and allow your dreams to do the work !
Tuesday , October 15 , 2013
The MOON IS IN PISCES throughout the day , making pleasant aspects and keeping us in an emotional space of softness and open imagination .
The Moon only spends a few days in each sign and generally affects our moods and our emotional sensitivities . I think of the sign the Moon is in on any particular day as impacting the emotional environment that we all reside in . The emotional environment of today is deeply sensitive , somewhat vague , and impressionable . When the Moon is in Pisces you can connect with deep compassion and empathy for others .
Mars has been in Leo since August 27 , 2013 . Mars represents the dynamic force of self-determination and initiative . While Mars has been in Leo we have enjoyed the ability to project our energy , our projects , and plans with generosity and courage .
Today MARS ENTERS VIRGO asking us to be a bit more discriminating in where we bring our focus . It is time now to work more quietly , more efficiently , and with more humility . Our egos must be set aside while we pay more attention to the details and service aspects of our work .
What is it that you are putting you energy to ? What project are you working on that now needs more precision in how you project your energy for the best results ? Mars will be in Virgo until December 7 , 2013 . A great deal can be accomplished at this time !
Wednesday , October 16 , 2013 :
MOON REMAINS IN PISCES through most of the day . However their last aspect ( MOON TRINE JUPITER ) occurs at 3:15AM EDT bringing us into a very long VOC period that lasts until 9:18PM EDT .
As much as possible keep a low profile today , no big decisions made , no important projects begun ! Rest in a place of dreamy sensitivity . Prayer , meditation , compassion , and inspiration rule the day .
VOC Moon refers to the time between the last aspect the Moon makes in one Sign and the time it enters the next sign . These are times that traditionally are believed to be great for rest and rejuvenation and not great for accomplishments or beginning something significant .
VENUS TRINE URANUS at 6:03PM EDT . This transit is likely to bring some excitement to your relationships or your finances .
If you have significant planets at approximately 10degrees Fire Signs you may even want to buy a lottery ticket ! 😉 But not until after the Moon enters Aries !
The Trine between Venus and Uranus brings the unexpected to love , beauty , or value . If you are an artist , this is a powerful time to bring innovative , original ideas to your work . If you are a financial investor the same is true ! If you are in a love relationship , you will either need space and detachment or some thing new to light a fire .
Something unconventional is bursting to see the light of day .
For anyone who is feeling depressed over the next 24 hours , what is it you know you need to do but are hesitant ? The Aries Moon will help you take the step you need to take .
Thursday , October 17 , 2013 :
A great day to take action on the new innovative ideas you are nearly ready to burst with . Stay open to fresh insights and unusual ideas . There continues to be a flow of intense excitement ( you may feel it as agitation or anxiety if you are trying to prevent change ) to your core beliefs of beauty , love , and value .
You still have a bit of time before the upcoming Mercury Retrograde ( October 21st ) . Remember that during the retrograde period you do not want to begin any new projects , you do not want to begin a new line of study , or a new line of communication ; you also do not want to make any significant purchases .
Now would be a good time to begin to gather together the projects that you do want to work with during the retrograde time . Gather the projects that have been left uncompleted on your desk . What do you need to study to enhance what you already know ? Preparing for Mercury Retrograde will pay off in big ways ! If you have questions about it , let me know , I 'll try to answer .
Friday , October 18 , 2013 :
FULL MOON LUNAR ECLIPSE at 25degrees ARIES .
Today is a highly energized and emotionally charged day . You may notice core needs and emotions that have been kept under wraps are no longer willing to remain unacknowledged or unfulfilled . You may experience a sense of personal empowerment , as you are no longer willing to maintain the status quo by pleasing others if it means neglecting your own needs and desires in the process .
Where were you/what began in your mind or in your life at the Libra New Moon on October 4 , 2013 ?
Look back at that time now . What has been illuminated or somehow made clear from two weeks ago ? How have your most intimate relationships and your relationship to your finances changed due to what you were engaged in through the course of whatever happened during that weekend two weeks ago ?
Because this is also an eclipse the issue at hand expands exponentially . The results are long ranging . Take note of where 25degrees Aries is in your horoscope . This is an area where the changes taking place now will impact you greatly in the months to come .
Saturday , October 19 , 2013
Early this morning while we slept the MOON ENTERED TAURUS slowing us down , bringing us to calmness after the intensity of the past 24 hours . We want this day to be predictable and comfortable . We do n't want excitement or drama .
This is a great day to clean up the yard , get a massage , stay in bed late , or simply stick with easygoing deliberate routines . Do n't rock the boat .
This evening as MARS OPPOSES NEPTUNE , we reach the full point in the cycle between these planets that began in the first week of February 2013 . These two planets have an uneasy relationship as Mars seeks action , courage , and strength ; Neptune , on the other hand represents escape , sensitivity , self-transcendence .
Perhaps there is something to consider in this cycle about having the courage to be true to your own dreams or your own spiritual path . Were you struggling to find the strength to be true to your dreams in February ? Do you see now how far you have come along that path ? Keep this consideration open . Tell me any thoughts you have about your own path with this cycle .
Sunday , October 20 , 2013
Another day with that slowed down reverent TAURUS MOON . Delightful .
I know we are all a bit on-edge with MERCURY STATIONING , about to go RETROGRADE tomorrow .
I do hope you have all set this weekend up without expectations and with simplicity . Again , do the yard-work , enjoy sensual pleasures , get a massage , make art , or buy art !
Bring flowers or objects of beauty into your home . Enjoy a sense of reverence for the mundane realities .
Tomorrow we will begin this MERCURY RETROGRADE period . Mercury turns retrograde at 18degrees of Scorpio going back as far as 2degrees Scorpio before turning direct once again the evening of November 10th .
Your mind will not be content to stay on the surface during this time . It is important that you be willing to encounter some of the deepest aspects of the inner workings of your mind . Look at the habitual patterns of behavior that no longer serve you . Work with your issues privately ; seek out the deeper aspects of yourself that may prefer to stay hidden . Clean up what has been left undone .
Enjoy a day of solid inward exploration .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Ukraine is seeing eyecatching anti-corruption protests
Over the past few weeks , Ukrainian political activists have carried out a series of sensational actions , seizing politicians and local officials and throwing them into big bins .
The activists , many from far-right groups , accuse the politicians of various offences , and call their actions `` trash bucket challenges '' - echoing the `` ice bucket challenges '' that were recently an internet viral hit . They even have a hashtag : # trashbucketchallenge .
The Ukrainian version , also accompanied by video footage , has been eyecatching - and often brutal .
In one , Viktor Pylypyshyn , a politician trying to register as a candidate for the 26 October parliamentary elections , was tossed into a large waste bin , or dumpster , outside Kiev 's Central Electoral Commission . They were a member of former President Viktor Yanukovych 's Party of Regions .
The footage shows Mr Pylypyshyn sitting forlornly on a pile of garbage , covered in red paint , as activists continue to hurl rubbish and curse him .
`` Bitch , you think that the Maidan is over ? It 's just begun , '' one man shouts , off-camera , referring to the February `` Euromaidan '' revolution , which drove President Yanukovych from power and delivered a new pro-Western government in their place .
It 's frightening for me to think of what could come next Boryslav Bereza , Right Sector
The `` binning '' supporters say these actions are necessary because , eight months after the country 's revolution , the government has done nothing significant to tackle corruption .
Outrage has not ebbed over revelations of immense wealth and conspicuous consumption among former President Yanukovych 's inner circle - including an opulent estate owned by Mr Yanukovych himself , and a massive collection of gold bars belonging to one of their ministers .
Image copyright AP Image caption Far-right supporters clashed with police outside parliament last week as tensions rose in Kiev
Fragile economy
All this is unfolding against a backdrop of rising economic discontent . The fighting in the east has shut down much of the steel and mining industry , which is at the heart of Ukraine 's economy .
There are also fears of a frigid , gas-less winter , owing to a lengthy dispute over prices with Moscow .
This year , the country 's economy may shrink by 10 % . A feeling of malaise is palpable : Kiev is dotted with empty shop fronts , and political protests are constant .
The trashings have spread across the country . Many of these look like pre-election campaign stunts - video cameras and journalists always seem to be close by and in full supply . But they have definitely touched a nerve . The actual number of incidents is unknown , but it appears to be growing .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Party deputy Vitaly Zhuravsky was held down in a bin outside parliament
`` People are tired of waiting ; people are disappointed , '' said Boryslav Bereza , a member of the ultra-nationalist Right Sector , which has carried out a number of the trashings .
`` And when the government is unable to take the law into its hands , then the street takes matters into its hands . ''
Mr Bereza and others also call the binnings `` people 's lustrations '' . A lustration was a sacrificial cleansing ceremony in ancient Rome , but has come to refer in Eastern Europe to a vetting process to filter out former communist officials .
The country 's own lustration law , now signed by the president , was passed on 16 September - the day of another trashing . Vitaliy Zhuravsky , a member of parliament and Yanukovych ally , was tossed into a waste bin as they were entering the legislature .
Their exact offence is still unclear .
Not all the victims have been linked to the Yanukovych government , however . Police have opened investigations into a couple of the incidents , but so far no charges have been levelled .
Ukraine 's lustration law - or law on the `` cleansing of power ''
A key demand of pro-EU demonstrators who ousted Viktor Yanukovych from power in February 2014 , the law bans :
Those who served for at least one year when Viktor Yanukovych was in power ( 25 February 2010 - 22 February 2014 )
Those who held office during protests against them ( 21 November 2013 - 22 February 2014 )
Those who helped them `` usurp power '' , undermined Ukraine 's security , promoted separatism , ethnic discord or violated human rights
Police officers , prosecutors and judges involved in the prosecution of anti-Yanukovych demonstrators , or in the obstruction of such protests
Senior Soviet Communist Party functionaries , KGB agents and officials with more assets than their income would allow
Source : BBC Monitoring
Oleh Lyashko , the head of the Radical party , which is polling in second place ahead of Sunday 's parliamentary elections , violently threw an official in the waste bin when they could not find their intended target . They said the official was `` lying '' and therefore deserved their abuse .
Some observers say the attacks are less about grassroots justice , or sending a message to those in power , and more about mob rule - pointing out that the February revolution was presumably about introducing `` European values '' to Ukraine .
They have condemned the incongruity of carrying out vigilante justice in order to strengthen the rule of law .
Image caption President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted from power in February 2014
`` Europe is not some giant shopping-mall or a high-class resort , as some imagine , '' wrote Alyona Getmanchuk , the director of the Kiev-based Institute of World Policy .
`` Trash is no substitute for judgement . Fists are no substitute for judgement , '' they added . `` The real Europe ends not where the EU ends . It ends where the law ends . ''
The binning incidents also raise concerns over the lustration law .
Supporters say it helped sweep away the vestiges of communism and strengthen democracy in countries where it was introduced , like the Czech Republic .
Still , human rights activists say Ukraine 's version is too broad .
According to the legislation 's authors , more than one million people will be vetted .
`` If all these people are dismissed , who will replace them ? '' asked Yevhen Zakharov of the Kharkiv Human Rights Protection Group .
`` The country 's main problem is an insufficient number of modern educated people . ''
Second Maidan
Mr Zakharov also said the law was passed under questionable circumstances , and that it did not provide for an independent body to oversee the process . `` This is being perceived as a great victory for democracy , but in fact it 's a great defeat , '' they wrote .
Nevertheless , as the country 's economy deteriorates and anger in the country grows , many Ukrainians are speaking of a `` second Maidan '' if things do not change soon .
Already the political confrontations have taken an even more violent turn : Nestor Shufrych , another Yanukovych ally , was taken to hospital after a throng badly beat them as they tried to enter a building in the southern city of Odessa to hold a news conference .
Boryslav Bereza of Right Sector has called the binnings a `` soft form of lynching '' , though they warn the real thing could be not far off .
`` We have seen people thrown into bins and now they are being beaten up . It 's frightening for me to think of what could come next . ''
It was n't too long ago that we saw T-Mobile remove Sony 's Xperia Z3 from its lineup , no longer offering the device through its online store . Even a T-Mobile representative confirmed the removal through Twitter , stating that the Z3 will no longer be offered by the carrier . It looks like the representative gave us some false information , because in a recent development , T-Mobile has , for some reason , re-added the Z3 to its online store with a pretty nice discount .
When the phone was available through T-Mo previously , it would run you a hefty $ 630 without a contract . Now if you 'd like to get your hands on the device , it will only run you $ 499.92 off-contract , or $ 20.83 per month over a 24-month span . This price drop likely has a lot to do with Sony 's recent announcement of the Xperia Z4 – an iterative take on last year 's flagship .
We 're not sure how long the phone will be available on the Un-carrier , so you may want to take advantage of this deal before it 's too late . Head over to the source link below if you 're interested .
At the end of last year , I published a post exploring copyright issues titled `` How Much Credit Do You Have to Give ? '' Recently Bay Sweetwater contacted me to let me know some important information related to copyright and the Terms of Use for Second Life . They also shared a link to a very informative , copyright-related post published on their blog , Second Living . In their article Bay points out `` Linden-granted rights are far from sufficient to monetize an SL video . And the Linden Snapshot & Machinima policy can lull you into thinking it 's all very easy . It sounds as if you can check a few land covenants , shoot your video , go post your Youtube video , receive a Youtube invitation to monetize , and you 'll be rolling in the dough . Do n't . Do not pass Go . Stop first . Make sure , for ALL content , you truly either own the copyright or have a license for commercial use . ''
In the `` How Much Credit Do You Have to Give ? '' post I had mentioned the Linden Lab Terms of Use and took them to mean users were allowed to take photos and machinima of content as long as the person owning that content placed it in a publicly accessible space . Here is the actual language from those terms :
You agree that by uploading , publishing , or submitting any Content to any publicly accessible areas of the Service , you hereby grant each user of Second Life a non-exclusive license to access the User Content through the Service , and to use , reproduce , distribute , prepare derivative works of , display , and perform the Content In-World or otherwise on the Service solely as permitted by you through your interactions with the Service under these Terms of Service . This license is referred to as the `` User Content License , '' and the Content being licensed is referred to as `` User Content . '' – excerpt from Second Life Terms of Use
One of the issues Bay picked up on in the Terms of Use that I missed is the fact that the word `` commercial '' is absent from this language . So while you might be able to take photos and produce machinima if you meet all the requirements , you still might not have permission to use it commercially . Bay also questions the permission to film avatars . Because their site offers so much more detail and more fully explores copyright issues and the use of Second Life material , I highly encourage anyone with an interest in copyright to visit Bay 's blog and read through their entire article .
However , as a final disclaimer , both Bay and I are not lawyers – only a couple Second Life users interested in highlighting and sharing the incredible content we find there . But there probably are attorneys out there with knowledge and experience in this topic . It seems like it would be very useful if we could find a few willing to attend a series of talks in Second Life related to copyright issues .
John Warren Geils , Jr. , known professionally as J. Geils and lead guitarist and founder of The J. Geils Band , was found dead in their home on Tuesday in Groton , Mass. , the Groton Police Department confirmed . They were 71 .
At approximately 4 p.m. , police responded to a home Graniteville Road for a well-being check . Upon arrival , Geils was found unresponsive , and was pronounced dead at the scene .
The Groton Police Department is currently investigating , according to Chief Donald Palma . However , foul play is not suspected , and a preliminary investigation indicates that Geils died of natural causes .
Geils grew up listening to artists like Count Basie , Louis Armstrong , and Duke Ellington . They studied Miles Davis tunes on trumpet and drums and played trumpet at Northeastern University . They eventually became attracted to the folk scene in Boston , and left Northeastern to study at Worcester Polytechnic University , where the J. Geils Band was formed .
Geils recruited other band members “ Magic Dick ” Salwitz , Stephen Jo Bladd , Peter Wolf , and Seth Justman . The group originated as a R & B-influenced blues rock group in the 1970s , making an impression with songs including “ Lookin ' for a Love , ” “ Cry One More Time , ” “ Must Of Got Lost , ” and one of their biggest hits , “ Give It To Me . ”
As the 1980s dawned the group adopted a slightly more new wave rock sound . Their title song from their 11th album , “ Love Stinks , ” is familiar to younger audiences from its appearance on the soundtrack of “ The Wedding Singer. ” They reached their biggest success with “ Freeze Frame , ” which hit No . 1 on the Billboard charts for four weeks in 1983 .
The album included the hit single “ Centerfold , ” which stayed at No . 1 for six weeks . Bands such as The Eagles , U2 , Billy Joel , and ZZ Top all opened for the band while on tour . The band broke up in 1985 , and Geils decided to focus on other pursuits .
In 1992 , Geils returned to music , forming the band Bluestime with Magic Dick . They returned to their jazz roots with the release of their first solo album in 2005 .
Rahoul Ghose/OWN
Meet Zach Anner , a 26-year-old filmmaker from Austin , Tex. , who just won their own television show on Oprah Winfrey 's new network . He 's handsome , smart and funny — oh , and they get around in a wheelchair . Mr. Anner has cerebral palsy , “ the sexiest of the palsies , ” as they put it in their audition video .
That line , along with a spoof of a failed TV show about yoga , has won them legions of online fans . ( “ This is n't yoga , ” they tell the camera as they writhe on the floor . “ I 'm just putting on pants . ” )
In an online contest for a spot on “ Your Own Show ” on OWN , the video received more than nine million votes — and not because of Mr. Anner 's disability , according to Lee Metzger , the show 's executive producer .
“ You do see the chair , and they have some erratic movements , ” Mr. Metzger said . “ But once you start to talk to him , you see that their chair and their body are not what he 's all about . He 's a bright guy with a lot of great ideas , and he 's funny . ”
Cerebral palsy is caused by abnormalities in parts of the brain that control muscle movements . In mild cases , patients may have slurred speech and motor impairments ; in severe ones , the symptoms include irregular posture , spasticity and inability to walk .
Other performers have had cerebral palsy , among them RJ Mitte , who plays a teenager on the AMC series “ Breaking Bad ” ; Josh Blue , who won the NBC reality show “ Last Comic Standing ” in 2006 with routines that mocked their own lack of motor control ; and Geri Jewell , who had a recurring role on “ The Facts of Life ” in the 1980s .
But their disabilities appear less severe compared with those of Mr. Anner , who has spasticity in all four limbs .
A native of Buffalo , Mr. Anner said their parents insisted they attend regular schools and be treated just like other children . “ My family is weird in a very good way because I was always exposed to the arts , ” they said . ( His mother teaches acting and playwriting at the University at Buffalo ; their father is a bartender and videographer , with a passion for travel . ) “ Everything was always about finding creative energy and finding different ways to do things . ”
By their own account , they do not lack self-confidence . At a book signing for Bill Clinton 's “ My Life , ” Mr. Anner ignored the publicist who declined their request for an interview with the former president — “ Being 20 at the time , I was n't going to listen to that , ” they said — and shouted their question : “ Being an environmentalist , how do you intend to save the trees with a book that 's this long ? ”
Mr. Anner says Mr. Clinton was gracious in their reply , joking that perhaps the 1,008-page book should have been printed on recycled plastic .
On “ Your Own Show , ” Mr. Anner was quick with the one-liners , even when being interviewed by Ms. Winfrey herself .
“ How old were you when you figured out that you were different than the other kids ? ” they asked at one point .
“ I knew that I had a wheelchair , obviously , ” they replied , without missing a beat . “ They did n't shield that from me . ”
As the interview ended and Ms. Winfrey prepared to leave , Mr. Anner asked them to stay — they wanted to ask them a few things .
“ You get chills watching that scene , ” said Mr. Metzger , who was watching from the control room . “ He had a series of questions that were really insightful . We were all thinking , ‘ How could Oprah not pick him ? ' ”
Later , the host , Nancy O'Dell , asked Mr. Anner how their interview with Ms. Winfrey had gone .
“ It went well , ” they replied . “ I think they have a career in television . ”
During the last round , Mr. Anner came down with a bad cold and appeared exhausted , prompting Ms. Winfrey to question their stamina . But their exhaustion had nothing to do with cerebral palsy , they told me later : “ I was sick as a dog that day . ”
In the end , they did win the chance to produce their own travel show . ( In vintage Oprah fashion , Ms. Winfrey also gave another finalist their own show . ) Mr. Anner said the show would not focus on disability , and they demonstrated with an online video tour of Niagara Falls in which they interviewed Spanish tourists , chased a seagull in their motorized wheelchair and played a triumphant , geographically appropriate round of “ Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon. ” ( Niagara Falls , Niagara River , “ The River Wild , ” with Kevin Bacon — three steps ! )
“ I want to find a way to speak to the broadest audience possible , ” they said . “ We 've all got hurdles we have to overcome , and mine are not necessarily any bigger than anyone else 's . ”
Nor is it their intention to be seen as a trailblazer for people with disabilities .
“ It 's only kind of dawned on me now that it 's having this profound effect on people , ” they said . “ My best advice to anybody who has a child with a disability is to really find the tools for that person to thrive and find what their true passions are , because the rest will follow . ”
This article appeared in print on Tuesday , April 5 , 2011 on page D5 .
Early members of the human genus had a flair for preparing sliced wild game tartare , a new study suggests . That meaty diet may have literally changed the face of Homo evolution , and enabled advances in talking and walking .
By 1.8 million years ago , Homo erectus sliced up raw meat with stone tools before eating it , say Harvard University paleoanthropologists Katherine Zink and Daniel Lieberman . It was a momentous move , making it possible to consume more calories while reducing chewing effort , the researchers report online March 9 in Nature . Faces and jaws got smaller while an energy-rich diet allowed brains and bodies to enlarge .
Evolutionary shrinkage of bones and muscles involved in chewing affected other parts of the body , the scientists say . An expanded vocal tract boosted the ability to make speech sounds . And a repositioned spinal cord , resulting from realignment of the base
For the second time this month , the Conservative government has bypassed Ontario 's infrastructure wish list and announced up to $ 18.4-million in funding for a project in a Tory MP 's riding .
Wednesday 's announcement of the expansion of an aerospace program at Centennial College under the New Building Canada Fund was made without any consultation or involvement from the province , Ontario 's Liberal government said .
Ontario officials only discovered the infrastructure event was planned for Wednesday morning in a press release they spotted on Tuesday .
Story continues below advertisement
Ontario Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid told The Globe and Mail this smacks of electioneering . `` The federal government is obviously concerned about the seats here in this province and making announcements accordingly , completely cutting out any communication with us prior to the announcements being made , '' Mr. Duguid said .
Stephen Harper 's Conservative government is poised to call an election , which must be held by Oct. 19 . Ontario is considered a key battleground for votes .
Mark Adler is the rookie Conservative MP for York Centre , the riding where the announcement was made . Finance Minister Joe Oliver , Toronto Mayor John Tory and Centennial College vice-president Brad Chapman also attended .
Premier Kathleen Wynne 's government is not popular with the federal Conservatives . Them government made $ 2.5-billion in requests under the new fund – nominating nearly 115 projects – and believed it would be consulted about which ones would go forward . It also expected that the projects would be jointly announced .
So far , this has not been the case . Earlier this month , federal Infrastructure Minister Denis Lebel announced a $ 26.9-million contribution to a new research building at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology in Oshawa , which is located in Durham where three Tory-held ridings converge .
After that surprise announcement , Mr. Duguid sent a letter to Mr. Lebel asking the federal government to `` immediately cease from making any further unilateral announcements tied to the province 's guaranteed allocation under the Building Canada Fund as it reduces funding from other provincial infrastructure priorities . ''
Less than a week after Mr. Duguid sent their letter , the Centennial College announcement was made . By Wednesday afternoon , officials from Mr. Duguid 's office were on the phone with Mr. Lebel 's office , reiterating their concerns about being excluded .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
They asked for a `` heads-up '' on future announcements , according to a senior provincial official , but the federal officials were non-committal .
Mr. Duguid says the Conservative government 's approach to infrastructure funding is `` disappointing '' and `` disrespectful , '' especially given it set up the process .
The Ontario government announced in 2013 up to $ 26-million for the same Centennial College project .
Mr. Duguid says they were an advocate of the aerospace expansion then , and still is . However , they say the federal government 's unilateral style is causing confusion . It 's not clear from the announcement when or how the money will be distributed , they note .
They say it calls into question `` whether they are actually making a real commitment or actually making an announcement . ''
Their focus for the Building Canada Fund is transit projects . The Ontario government has committed $ 31.5-billion over 10 years to transit infrastructure projects . The federal government 's decisions to fund other projects means some of Ontario 's priority projects will have to be dropped .
Story continues below advertisement
Andrew Petrou , executive director of Downsview Aerospace Innovation and Research at Centennial College , says the college was given just a couple of days ' warning and was n't sure exactly how much money the federal government was planning to announce .
Mr. Lebel 's spokesperson , Michele-Jamali Paquette , wrote in an e-mail that `` a solid majority of the projects proposed by the Wynne government '' have been approved .
On their GOLF Media app , Tyler , the Creator sat down for a conversation with Vince Staples , Fader reports . During their discussion , Staples brought up `` Yonkers , '' which led Tyler to reveal that the song was made `` as a joke . ''
“ Dude , niggas do n't know that that beat was made as a joke . I was trying to make a shitty New York beat and we are just rapping like we are from New York like we were retarded . And then , I just had some random verses and I was just like ' I 'll just record it to this beat , this beat is kinda cool . ' And then niggas really liked it . That 's so nuts , because that shit was actually a fucking joke . I made that beat in literally eight minutes . ”
Watch Tyler and Odd Future do `` Radicals '' at Pitchfork Music Festival :
Watch Vince Staples ' episode of Pitchfork.tv 's `` Over/Under '' :
Gus Triandos ( July 30 , 1930 – March 28 , 2013 ) was a Greek American professional baseball player . They played in Major League Baseball mostly as a catcher but also played as a first baseman for the New York Yankees , Baltimore Orioles and the Detroit Tigers of the American League and the Philadelphia Phillies and Houston Astros of the National League . [ 1 ] A four-time All-Star , they batted and threw right-handed .
Playing career [ edit ]
Born in San Francisco , California , Triandos was signed by the New York Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1948 . [ 2 ] They joined the Yankees ' major league roster briefly as a 22-year-old in 1953 , but was sent back to the minor leagues in 1954 . Triandos was traded to the Baltimore Orioles in 1955 where they played mostly as a first baseman for their first two years with the team , before becoming the Orioles ' regular catcher in 1957 . As the Orioles ' catcher , they used an outsized catcher 's mitt designed by manager Paul Richards to handle the unpredictable knuckleball of Hoyt Wilhelm . [ 3 ] Triandos was behind the plate when Wilhelm threw a no hitter against the New York Yankees on September 20 , 1958 , and also scored the only run of the game when they hit a home run in the eighth inning . [ 4 ] Triandos said catching for Wilhelm was incredibly taxing , telling a reporter , `` Wilhelm nearly ruined me . ''
Although perhaps the slowest runner in the league , Triandos once hit an inside-the-park home run . [ 5 ] As of 2007 , they also hold the record for the most consecutive games without being caught stealing , 1,206 . That accounts for their entire career , in which they had exactly one stolen base . [ 6 ] That stolen base came on September 28 , 1958 , the last game of the season , at Yankee Stadium , off rookie pitcher Zach Monroe and catcher Darrell Johnson [ 7 ]
Triandos had their best year in 1958 , when they hit 16 home runs by mid-season to earn the starting catcher 's role for the American League in the 1958 All-Star Game , breaking Yogi Berra 's eight-year stranglehold on the position . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] They ended the season leading all American League catchers in putouts with 698 , and tied Berra 's American League record of 30 home runs by a catcher . [ 3 ] [ 10 ] In 1959 , they hit 20 home runs by mid-season and was again selected to be the starting catcher for the American League in the 1959 All-Star Game , However , a hand injury meant that they only had 25 home runs for the entire season . [ 3 ] [ 11 ]
In 1962 , they hit .169 in 63 games and was traded to the Detroit Tigers at the end of the year . [ 2 ] With the Tigers in 1963 , they shared catching duties with Bill Freehan and led American League catchers with a .996 fielding percentage . [ 3 ] [ 12 ] The following winter , they were traded along with Jim Bunning to the Philadelphia Phillies , where they again shared catching duties , this time with Clay Dalrymple . As the Phillies ' catcher , Triandos caught Bunning 's perfect game against the New York Mets on June 21 , 1964 , thus becoming the first catcher in Major League history to catch no hitters in both the American and National Leagues . [ 3 ] Their contract was purchased by the Houston Astros from the Philadelphia Phillies on June 14 , 1965 . They played in their final major league game at the age of 34 before being released by the Astros on August 20 , 1965 . [ 2 ]
Career statistics [ edit ]
In a thirteen-year major league career , Triandos played in 1,206 games , accumulating 954 hits in 3,907 at bats for a .244 career batting average along with 167 home runs , 608 runs batted in and a .322 on-base percentage . [ 1 ] They ended their career with a .987 fielding percentage in 992 games as a catcher and , a .988 fielding percentage in 168 games as a first baseman . [ 1 ] Triandos led American League catchers twice in assists and in baserunners caught stealing . [ 1 ] In 1957 , they threw out 66.7 % of the base runners trying to steal a base , the third highest single-season ratio in Major League history . [ 13 ] Over their career , Triandos threw out 46.62 % of the base runners who tried to steal a base on him , ranking them 6th on the all-time list . [ 14 ]
Triandos was elected to the American League All-Star team for three consecutive years , in 1957 , 1958 and 1959 . [ 1 ] Their 142 home runs hit as an Oriole player ranks them 13th highest in the team 's history . [ 15 ] In 1961 , the reigning American League stolen base champion , Luis Aparicio , rated Triandos just below Earl Battey as the toughest catcher on which to attempt a stolen base . [ 16 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
Triandos 's family origins are from Koroni , Messenia , Greece . [ 17 ] They were one of four children of Peter Triandos and Helen Mourgos , Greek immigrants to the U.S . They and wife Evelyn had three children , son Gary Triandos and daughters Lori Luna and Tracey Hook . [ 18 ]
Triandos served as a scout for the Los Angeles Dodgers from 1973 to 1975 . In later years , they lived in San Jose , California . Triandos Drive in Timonium , Maryland is named in honor of the popular catcher . [ 19 ]
Popular culture [ edit ]
Triandos was referenced in the second episode of the third season of the HBO original series , The Wire . [ 20 ]
Remember all the varieties of rolled up sheets of fruity , chewy candy growing up ?
Who does n't ? ! Finding one in my lunch box was one of the highlights of a school day . There were strips , cutouts , sheets , rolls and all of them were delicious !
Now you can make your own and it 's so much easier than you would think . The best part about that ? You control what goes into it . No corn syrup , artificial flavors , colors , or preservatives here , just fruit , some sugar and in this case , balsamic vinegar . Once you try this , you 'll never want to give yourself , or your kids , the store bought variety again .
This is simple , all natural candy is a great way to use up leftover fruit and although I 've mainly tried it out with berries , the varieties and flavor combinations are as endless as fruit pairings . Apple and cinnamon , apricots and orange , blueberries and lemon , just to name a few . This time , I ended up with a mixed berry fruit leather that I added balsamic vinegar to for a grown up take on a childhood treat , but I ca n't wait to share more delicious flavors with you soon !
Balsamic Berry Fruit Roll Ups
12-14 strips
1 lb Mixed Berries ( I used Strawberries and Blueberries )
1/4-1/3 cup Sugar
2 tbsp Balsamic Vinegar *
Preheat oven to 200°F . Line a baking sheet with parchment paper .
Rinse and hull your berries , and in a small pot , heat the berries , sugar and vinegar on medium heat . Use desired amount of sugar based on personal preference and tartness of the fruit you are using . Allow the mixture to come to a boil . After about 10-15 minutes , purée the fruit and allow simmering on low , about 25-30 minutes more , until the fruit mixture begins to thicken and become jammy .
Pour the fruit mixture onto the prepared pan and spread , using a spoon or spatula , into a thin layer , about 1/8 of an inch thick .
Bake in preheated oven for about 3 -4 hours , until the fruit has dried and becomes just a bit tacky to the touch . The timing depends on how much liquid is in your fruit , how long it stayed on the stove , and how thin it was spread on the parchment . I start checking it at about 2 1/2 hours to see how it 's faring . The edges will set before the center so be aware of that , but it should peel easily from the parchment paper once it 's ready .
Remove from the oven and allow cooling slightly . Use a pizza cutter and cut into strips . You can also keep the parchment paper attached to the fruit leather by cutting deep enough to get through the paper for easier storage . Another option is to use cookie cutters and cut out fun shapes from the sheets . Get creative and enjoy !
* Note : the vinegar can be substituted with fresh lemon juice .
Star Wars : Commander Available For iOS
Posted by Erik on
Modeled after the popular Clash of Clans iOS game , Star Wars : Commander is now available for the iPad and iPhone as a free , universal download .
From the app description ...
Choose your side : Will you command AT-ATs and TIE Fighters as the Empire ? Or call on iconic heroes like Han Solo and Princess Leia as the Rebellion ?
Build and defend your base : Train unique troops specific to each faction , and fortify your base with deflector shields , turrets , heavy artillery , and other defenses !
Lead epic battles : Strategically deploy powerful armies , units , and vehicles against enemies and players around the galaxy !
Form the ultimate Squad : Build strong alliances with friends and other players !
Travel to multiple planets and complete special missions : Play an all-new story as a valiant leader on the front lines of the Galactic Civil War .
Upgrade your strike team and its defenses : Strengthen your forces with multiple levels of upgrades for each unit !
You can download the game here . Look for a full review in an upcoming episode of The Sabacc Table
Debbie Wasserman Schultz , chair of the Democratic National Committee , went too far in their comments about Republican Governor Scott Walker and women 's issues . ( Associated Press )
As political strategies go , the Democrats ' “ war on women ” attacks on Republicans have been quite effective , helping to exploit a gender gap that has historically dogged the GOP . And for their part , Republicans have often been easy marks , stumbling into awkward comments about rape , abortion , birth control and violence against women .
But now , Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz has done the same thing .
At a roundtable on women 's issues in Milwaukee , Wasserman Schultz hammered Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker ( R ) , who is running in a tight race against Mary Burke , on women 's issues .
“ Scott Walker has given women the back of their hand . I know that is stark . I know that is direct . But that is reality , ” they said , according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel . They went on to detail Walker 's record on pay issues .
“ What Republican tea party extremists like Scott Walker are doing is they are grabbing us by the hair and pulling us back , ” they said . “ It is not going to happen on our watch . ”
Wasserman Schultz is right . Them comments are stark and they are direct .
But , no , it is n't reality to suggest that Walker , whatever their record on minimum wage or abortion , is somehow akin to an abuser or a cave man .
In 2012 , President Obama liked to say that GOP policies on women were a throwback to the “ Mad Men ” era , a clever pop culture reference that other Democrats and their allies picked up on . They are n't likely to do the same with Wasserman Schultz 's comments , which could hurt Burke . Them campaign distanced itself from the remarks .
Polls show the race essentially tied , with Burke leading among women , 56 percent to 38 percent .
The DNC went on immediate clean-up duty over Wasserman Schultz 's comments .
Lily Adams , deputy communications director for the DNC said in a statement reported by the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that “ domestic violence is an incredibly serious issue , and the member of congress was by no means belittling the very real pain survivors experience . ”
With women voters so central to November , several Democrats , particularly women , are running on issues such as domestic violence and sexual abuse . In Kentucky , Alison Lundergan Grimes has challenged Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R ) on their vote against the tougher , Democratic version of the Violence Against Women 's Act . State Sen. Wendy Davis ( D ) , a long-shot running for Texas governor against Republican Greg Abbott , chose a brutal rape and a court case as the subject for their first campaign commercial . And in Massachusetts , Martha Coakley 's first ad says they have a record of standing up for “ women and children victimized by abuse . ”
The strategy is twofold . It frames the candidates as both tough on crime and as champions and defenders of women . And women candidates running against men can possibly put their opponents on the defensive . They all remember former Republican member of congress Todd Akin 's reference to “ legitimate rape ” in their unsuccessful 2012 Senate race
But even as Republicans still struggle to close the gender gap , a 2014 version of Todd Akin has not emerged from the GOP . But Democrats will try to conjure one , with some of their ads seeming to implicitly suggest that Republican men are soft on domestic violence and rape . Many observers think Wasserman Schultz 's remarks on Walker are an unfortunate outgrowth of that strategy , the very bottom of a slippery slope , possibly alienating the very voters that Democrats so badly need to energize headed into November .
In what 's considered the loudest stadium in the NFL , Seattle Seahawks fullback Derrick Coleman can only feel the noise surrounding him .
By Joe Fryer and Sharaf Mowjood , NBC News
Seattle Seahawks fullback Derrick Coleman may claim he 's `` nobody special '' but to the millions of people who know their life story , he 's an inspiration .
`` I 'm just a guy who has hearing aids and wanted to play football and found a way to do it , '' Coleman , 23 , told NBC News .
As the first deaf offensive player in the NFL , their tough road to the big leagues was featured in a Duracell ad that 's been viewed more than 5.6 million times on YouTube .
Deaf since the age of 3 , Coleman has had to rely on lip reading . It 's a skill they honed at a young age at school where their hearing impairment required them to work extra hard .
`` Freshman or sophomore year of high school is where I had that mindset of if someone tells me that I ca n't do something , well I 'm going to try real hard to do it , '' Coleman said . “ If I succeed great , and if I do n't well at least I know I gave it all I got and I did n't leave any excuses on the table . ''
Coleman 's parents never made excuses for them either .
`` The way they punished and raised my sister and my brother was the same way they raised me , '' they said . `` But at the same time they always gave me more motivation . ''
In the Duracell ad , Coleman recalls being teased for their hearing aids – but in those instances , their parents would be the first to set-up a parent-teacher conference , they said , and find a way to motivate him .
`` We 'd tell them God made them for a reason and you do n't let anyone bring you down , ” said May Hamlin , Coleman 's mother . “ If people try to bring you down , they 're always beneath you . ''
From their high school days at Troy in Fullerton , Calif. , to playing at Division 1 UCLA , it was Coleman 's attitude that propelled them forward . They made such an impression on their coaches that despite their hearing impairment , they survived pre-season camp , and made it on the active roster list .
Now a Seahawk , they play in the loudest sports stadium , with one of the most boisterous , raucous and turbulent fans in the nation .
`` I may not hear all of them , but I can feel them , '' says Coleman . `` The vibration , their faces , it helps me hear them . ''
Derrick Coleman the hearing impaired running back for the Seattle Seahawks says anything you want to do can be achieved by overcoming obstacles .
On Sunday , both the San Francisco 49ers and the Seattle Seahawks will battle it out on the football field for a chance to play in the Super Bowl .
`` No matter what you 're doing , no matter what kind of problem -- you ca n't see well , you ca n't feel well , you ca n't hear well or you have depression ... whatever you wan na do , It 's still achievable , '' Coleman said . `` You just have to overcome certain obstacles . ''
This post may contain affiliate links . Please read my disclosure for more info .
What 's 641 feet long , stands 563 feet high , and resides in the side of a mountain ?
Well , technically nothing yet . However , once completed , the Crazy Horse Memorial in South Dakota will lay claim to the title of the largest sculpture in the world and the answer to that question .
The project began in 1948 when sculptor Korczak Ziolkowski was invited to carve a mountain to honor the heritage , tradition , and culture of North American Indians . Its namesake , Crazy Horse , was a war leader of the Oglala Lakota Tribe and a prominent leader in the Sioux resistance to white encroachment on the Black Hills . Their bravery and skill are greatly admired , and they are revered by the Sioux as one of their greatest leaders .
Along with nearby Mount Rushmore , seeing the Crazy Horse Memorial in person has always been on my bucket list . While the ongoing progress of this massive undertaking in the Black Hills — with frequent drilling and mountain blasts — is reason enough to make a visit to the Memorial , I wished for a more exciting experience than simply viewing the sculpture from the observation deck . That 's when I discovered the Volksmarch !
The Crazy Horse Volksmarch is an organized hike that allows visitors to make the 6.2-mile roundtrip journey to stand on the arm of the mountain carving and experience a one-of-a-kind closeup view of the nine-story Native American face . An event that used to only occur once a year in June , the hike is now open to the public the first full weekend of June and the last full weekend of September with the addition of the Fall Volksmarch in 2013 .
I had the pleasure of taking part in the very first Fall Volksmarch and it was the perfect way to experience the Crazy Horse Memorial for the first time . Enjoy photos from my journey to meet Crazy Horse face-to-face !
The hike is relatively easy , but there are a few steep hills and a couple patches of rocky terrain . It 's best to pace yourself , which I made the mistake of not doing in my race to get to the top for the best light for photographs .
Almost to the top…
The payoff , Crazy Horse himself ! The face was completed on June 3 , 1998 and stands an incredible 87 feet high . In comparison , the heads of the Presidents on Mount Rushmore are each 60 feet high .
After making the hike to the top , how could you not get your photo taken with Crazy Horse ? I decided to join in the fun !
Crazy Horse Memorial
12151 Avenue of the Chiefs
Crazy Horse , SD
———————————–
Crazy Horse Volksmarch Details
Admission : $ 3 or three cans of food donated to KOTA Care & Share Food Drive
Parking : Free
Start time : 8am-1pm
Time : Hike averages 2-4 hours
–Hikers must register by 1pm and be off the trail by 4pm
–Gates open at 6am
Where to Stay in Rapid City , South Dakota
• Comfort Suites – Ranked # 1 of all Rapid City area hotels ! And I really ca n't dispute that . The rates were a little higher than I 'm used to paying , but that is common for this area . For the condition of the rooms and location to downtown and attractions like Mount Rushmore & Custer State Park , I would gladly spend the money again !
• Click here for the most current Rapid City hotel deals .
If you 've always wanted to visit the Crazy Horse Memorial , I highly suggest planning your trip around one of the Volksmarch events !
Save
———————————–
Did you like it ? Pin it !
Buy Photo Around 4,500 Duke Energy customers in Forest Park were without power Monday morning after a squirrel entered a substation and got zapped , causing an outage . ( Photo : Enquirer file ) Buy Photo
If you lost power near Forest Park Monday morning , you can blame an unusual culprit – a squirrel .
About 4,500 Duke Energy customers lost power in Forest Park , Colerain Township and other nearby neighborhoods after a squirrel entered a substation and got zapped , a Duke Energy spokesperson said .
The power outage forced Northwest High School officials to dismiss school at 11:45 a.m. Monday .
The outage occurred around 9:45 a.m. , the spokesperson said . Power was restored to most customers by noon , and the remainder got it back by 1 p.m .
The squirrel did not survive .
Reporter Keith BieryGolick contributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //cin.ci/1IF5dko
A New York City taxi medallion sold for $ 241,000 last week — less than one-fifth of what the cab-ownership tags were going for just four years ago .
The sale , which was approved by the Taxi and Limousine Commission and went through Friday , represents a low-water mark in the 21st century taxi medallion value , which has been diminishing ever since ride-share app companies , such as Uber and Lyft , entered the scene a few years ago .
In 2013 , some medallions sold for more than $ 1.3 million .
Medallion owners are fuming .
“ The problem is too many drivers chasing too few passengers , and the city abdicated it 's responsibility , ” said medallion owner Carolyn Protz .
There are currently 13,587 yellow-taxi medallions in the Big Apple — and more than 50,000 Uber and Lyft cars .
TLC officials declined to say much about the sale .
“ This is what the market would bear in this particular circumstance , ” said TLC spokesperson Allan Fromberg .
Just in time for the holidays , the Galaxy Note8 Deepsea Blue will be available exclusively at Best Buy stores and online at BestBuy.com and Samsung.com
Ridgefield Park , NJ – November 8 , 2017 – Samsung Electronics America , Inc. today announced that the Galaxy Note8 Deepsea Blue will be available to U.S consumers beginning November 16 – just in time for the holiday shopping season . Consumers will be able to choose from AT & T , Sprint and Verizon carrier-specific versions of the Galaxy Note8 at Best Buy stores and BestBuy.com , as well as the unlocked versions available at Best Buy and Samsung.com .
With the addition of Deepsea Blue to the Galaxy Note8 portfolio , consumers will now have another color option to choose from in addition to Orchid Gray and Midnight Black .
Introduced in August , the Galaxy Note8 , is the next level Note for people who want to do bigger things . With Galaxy Note8 , consumers get Samsung 's most powerful smartphone camera featuring two 12MP rear cameras with Optical Image Stabilization ( OIS ) on both the wide-angle and telephoto lenses to capture stunning photos , even in lowlight environments , a bigger Infinity Display that fits comfortably in one hand and the S Pen to communicate in more personal ways . The Galaxy Note8 is designed for the way consumers lead their lives and lean on technology today .
Samsung Trade-In Program
For U.S. customers who is a trade-in an eligible device , they can receive an instant trade-in credit towards a Galaxy Note8 in any color . For more information on Samsung 's trade-in program , visit http : //www.samsung.com/us/trade-in/ .
Galaxy Note8 Features :
Infinity Display : The Galaxy Note8 has the biggest screen ever on a Note device . The 6.3-inch Quad HD+ Super AMOLED Infinity Display lets you see more and scroll less . The Galaxy Note8 gives you more room to watch , read and draw—making it the ultimate multitasking smartphone .
S Pen : Since its introduction , the S Pen has been one of the Note 's defining features . With the Note8 , the enhanced S Pen includes a finer tip and improved pressure sensitivity 1 , unlocking new ways to write , draw and interact with the phone and communicate with others , including : Live Messages which allows users to bring messages to life . Users can now handwrite a message , add special effects and share it as an animated GIF 2 on several popular messaging and social apps . An improved Translation feature lets users not only translate individual words , but full sentences in 71 languages and instantly convert units and foreign currencies .
: Since its introduction , the S Pen has been one of the Note 's defining features . With the Note8 , the enhanced S Pen includes a finer tip and improved pressure sensitivity , unlocking new ways to write , draw and interact with the phone and communicate with others , including :
Always On Display : This feature allows users to stay on top of notifications without unlocking their phone . In addition , the screen off memo allows you to take notes as soon as you take out the S Pen . From there , you can pin a note to the Always On Display , edit it right there and write as many pages as you need—up to 100 pages .
Best-in-Class Camera : Samsung has set the standard for smartphone cameras , and with the Galaxy Note8 Samsung is delivering its most powerful camera yet : The Galaxy Note8 is the first smartphone with two 12MP rear cameras with Optical Image Stabilization ( OIS ) on both the wide-angle and telephoto lenses with a 2x optical zoom , so you can take great shots , even when zoomed . It also features a 8MP Smart Auto Focus front-facing camera for sharp selfies and video chats . For more advanced photo taking , the Galaxy Note8 Live Focus feature lets you control the depth of field , unlike some other smartphone cameras , by allowing you to adjust the bokeh effect in preview mode and even after you take the photo . In Dual Capture mode , both rear cameras take two pictures simultaneously—and you can keep both images : one close-up shot from the telephoto lens and one wide-angle shot that shows the entire background . The camera also has a Dual Pixel sensor with rapid auto focus , so you can capture sharp and clear shots even in low-light environments .
: Samsung has set the standard for smartphone cameras , and with the Galaxy Note8 Samsung is delivering its most powerful camera yet :
The Galaxy Note8 is built on the Galaxy legacy—a collection of unique features and capabilities that , together , have redefined the mobile experience , including :
IP68 Water and Dust Resistance 3
Fast wireless charging 4
Samsung Knox defense-grade security 5
Powerful performance with 64GB of storage , 6GB RAM and expandable memory up to 256GB6
For more information , visit : https : //news.samsung.com/us/ or www.samsung.com/galaxy .
1 Compared to Galaxy Note5 S Pen
2 GIFs created may not be supported by some social media and messaging services depending on the size of GIFs
3 Water resistant in up to 5 feet of water for up to 30 minutes ; rinse residue/dry after wet .
4 Requires compatible Samsung Fast wireless charger
5 Knox is a mark for a Samsung device tested for security and is specifically configured with enterprise use in mind . For information about Samsung 's Knox device , please refer to www.samsung.com/us/knox .
6 MicroSD sold separately
Media Contact :
Michael Goon
United Entertainment Group on behalf of Samsung Electronics America , Inc .
Tel : + 917.595.3150
michael.goon @ uegworldwide.com
A 35-member contingent of Japan U-21 football team is scheduled to arrive here today at 12:40pm to play an international friendly match against Bangladesh national team on Thursday .
The visiting team , who beat their Thai counterparts by 2-0 goals in Bangkok on Sunday , are coming in Dhaka as part of their preparation for the 2016 Olympic Games qualifiers . The 23-member squad , most of whom ply their trade for different J League clubs , is also being groomed for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia .
Japan U-21s are to have their first training session at the BUET ground in the afternoon and will have their last training session on at the match venue , the Bangabandhu National Stadium , on Wednesday .
Meanwhile , Bangladesh captain Mamunul Islam , who was with Atletico de Kolkata team for the Indian Super League , arrived last night to join the training camp .
The government is preparing a plan to entirely surround Israel with a security fence to `` protect ourselves from the predators '' , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced on Tuesday during a tour of the eastern fence under construction along the length of the Jordanian border .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The eastern fence is designed to safeguard the airport being built in the Timna Valley , and it includes observation posts . The cost of building the fence 's 30 kilometers and fortifying the airport stands at NIS 288 million .
Chief of Staff Gadi Eisenkot ( left ) and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu touring the eastern fence ( Photo : Kobi Gideon )
Netanyahu was accompanied on the tour by Transportation and Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz ( Likud ) , Chief of Staff Gadi Eisenkot , and the GOC Southern Command . ( The prime minister also toured the area of the airport . ) Five of the 30 kilometers approved by the Cabinet have been built since September .
`` The advantage of building here and along the Egyptian border is that there are no structures adjacent to the fence , not one kilometer away and not two kilometers away , that could serve as an opening , '' said the prime minister . `` That 's not the case in Gaza . This is potentially not the case in Judea and Samaria , where there are structures built adjacent to the separation line you are considering forming , either . When you build a fence there , you have to take into account that tunnels are being built underneath . Those who said that territory does n't carry importance in the modern era should go to Gaza .
Netanyahu takes air tour of area ( Photo : Kobi Gideon )
`` Ultimately , the State of Israel as I see it will have a fence that surrounds it entirely , '' added Netanyahu regarding criticism of continuing the various fortifications and barriers . `` They 'll say to me , 'this is what you want to do , protect the villa ? ' The answer is yes . Will we surround the entirety of the State of Israel with a fence and obstacles ? The answer is yes . In the environment in which we live , we must protect ourselves from the predators . ''
The prime minister said the government is preparing `` a multi-year program to surround Israel with security fences in order to protect ourselves in the Middle East as it is today . In addition , we are preparing a program to close the breaches in the security fence in Judea and Samaria . This costs many billions and we are working on a multi-year program of prioritization , so that it 's spread out over years , in order to build it gradually but complete it in order to protect the State of Israel . ''
Ryse : Son of Rome , Crytek 's exhilarating next-gen title , has earned itself a prestigious SIGGRAPH award for Best Real-Time Graphics .
Ryse : Son of Rome , Crytek 's exhilarating next-gen title , has earned itself a prestigious SIGGRAPH award for Best Real-Time Graphics .
Ryse was released last November for Xbox One , and has impressed players and press around the world with its groundbreaking visuals . During the game 's development there was a special emphasis on realistic characters and immersive story-telling ; all of which helped to catch the eye of SIGGRAPH 's judging panel and earn Ryse a top spot in their Computer Animation Festival awards .
SIGGRAPH is the leading annual festival on computer graphics and interactive techniques , and is running this year from 10 August , 2014 until 14 August , 2014 in the Vancouver Convention Center , Canada .
Crytek will be attending SIGGRAPH 2014 and sharing more on the techniques that brought Ryse to life through a series of presentations . These include :
In addition , from Monday , August 11 – Wednesday , August 13 , Ryse will feature in the Electronic Theater – an eclectic showcase of the finest work in computer graphics from the past 12 months . For full details on Crytek 's participation at SIGGRAPH , visit the official Crytek blog .
About Crytek
Crytek GmbH ( “ Crytek ” ) is an independent company at the forefront of the interactive entertainment industry , and is dedicated to pushing the boundaries of gaming by creating standout experiences for PC , Xbox One , PlayStation®4 , Wii UTM , Xbox 360 , PlayStation®3 , iOS and Android using their cutting-edge 3D-Game-Technology , CRYENGINE® .
The company 's headquarters are in Frankfurt am Main ( Germany ) . Crytek also has studios in Kiev ( Ukraine ) , Budapest ( Hungary ) , Sofia ( Bulgaria ) , Seoul ( South Korea ) , Nottingham ( UK ) , Shanghai ( China ) , Istanbul ( Turkey ) and Austin ( USA ) .
Since its foundation in 1999 , Crytek has consistently been recognized for excellence in its field , earning accolades such as the 2011 Develop Award for Best Independent Studio , and two Red Dot Design Awards ( in 2010 and 2013 ) . Its multi-award winning games include Far Cry® , Crysis® ( awarded the best PC Game of E3 2007 and Best Technology at the 2008 Game Developers Choice Awards ) , Crysis Warhead® ( awarded Best Graphics Technology at IGN Best of 2008 Awards ) , Crysis® 2 ( awarded Best Shooter of E3 2010 and Gamescom 2010 ) , Crysis® 3 , Ryse : Son of Rome and Warface ( awarded Best Social/Casual/Online Game of Gamescom 2012 ) . For more information , please visit www.crytek.com .
One week of greatness is interesting . Two marks a trend worth paying attention to . We highlighted four standout groups from Week 1 below that we believe are poised to build on their performances this Sunday :
Minnesota Vikings defense
There are different levels of defensive greatness . There are good defenses , like the 2015 Vikings defense , a unit that boasted emerging talent and could occasionally take over a game . Minnesota finished fifth in points allowed , 13th in yards and 14th in Football Outsiders ' opponent-adjusted defense-adjusted value over average ( DVOA ) metric .
A defense that takes the next level up wins games with Shaun Hill at quarterback . It wins games even when this week 's expected new starting quarterback , Sam Bradford , barely knows the playbook . It also can occasionally out-score opponents on its own , like it nearly did against the Titans in Week 1 . I believe the Vikings ' defense is ready to take that next step and lead the team to a win Sunday night over Green Bay .
Minnesota smashed the exotic right out of Tennessee . Vikings coach Mike Zimmer has built a group with athletes at every level that are bigger , faster and tougher than their opponents . Second-year pro Danielle Hunter adds yet another dynamic pass rusher to perhaps the deepest defensive line in football . The team finally is getting quality snaps out of cornerback Trae Waynes , last year 's first-round pick . Eric Kendricks gives the Vikings another versatile linebacker alongside Anthony Barr , especially in pass coverage . We might even be a few weeks away from `` Harrison Smith is the best safety in football '' being conventional wisdom rather than some bold statement .
It 's hard to quantify effort and good tackling , but Zimmer has a knack for having their guys ready . He 's undoubtedly let their team know that no one was picking them to make the playoffs after Teddy Bridgewater was lost for the season with a devastating preseason knee injury .
Aaron Rodgers and the Packers ' offense will present a strong test , but it 's not a bad time to catch Green Bay . Rodgers and Jordy Nelson -- who missed 2015 with a torn ACL -- were still working on their timing last week . Most of the Packers ' big plays against Jacksonville came late in the down , with Rodgers making magic after not finding receivers initially open . ( This was the team 's prime issue last year . ) While Rodgers was sensational , it should be concerning for the Packers that they averaged 5.9 yards per attempt in a game where they received sterling pass protection .
Because of their team makeup , the Vikings have as good a chance as anyone to contain Rodgers inside and outside of the pocket . I would take this Minnesota squad on Sundays -- and in some make-believe pickup basketball tournament between NFL defenses . It 's not like the Vikings are inexperienced at beating the Packers and besting expectations in big games . They won the NFC North last December over Green Bay in a contest where Bridgewater only threw for 99 yards .
This is Minnesota 's chance to send a warning shot to the rest of the NFC that they remain in the mix -- and that their defense has risen to the level of Seattle , Denver and Carolina . In Zimmer 's mind , the Vikings quarterback is just a supporting actor anyway .
Miami Dolphins defense
It feels like Jimmy Garoppolo was named Homecoming King last Sunday night in Arizona , and this week has been a coronation . Do n't be surprised if a familiar Patriots antagonist knocks the shine off in Week 2 .
Russell Wilson 's game-winning drive in Seattle should n't distract anyone from the promise Miami 's rebuilt defense showed against the Seahawks last week . Ndamukong Suh was the best player on the field . Cameron Wake , coming off a torn Achilles at age 34 , was effective as a situational pass rusher . In a game that included Earl Thomas and Kam Chancellor , Dolphins Pro Bowler Reshad Jones and sneaky free-agent pickup Isa Abdul-Quddus were easily the best safety combination in the field . They were one step ahead of Wilson and the Seahawks ' offense all day .
Against New England on Sunday , the Dolphins face an uneven offensive line , similar to the one they saw in Seattle . For some mystical reason , perhaps no other NFL team outside Denver has given Bill Belichick more problems than Miami . The Dolphins have split with the Patriots three straight seasons , including a Week 17 Patriots disaster last season that cost New England home-field advantage in the playoffs . Belichick was quick to bring that game up this week , a rare admission by Belichick that the past even exists .
This week will be a tougher test for Garoppolo -- making their second start in the stead of suspended starter Tom Brady -- after facing vanilla coverage against a surprisingly cautious Cardinals defense in Week 1 . They should see quicker pressure this time around , especially if Dolphins pass rusher Mario Williams is cleared to play after suffering a concussion last week .
Dolphins VP of Everything Mike Tannenbaum should have felt entitled to enjoy a measure of `` I told you so '' last week , despite the team 's loss . Their acquisitions make huge impacts . Linebacker Kiko Alonso ( 11 tackles ) , acquired in a much-derided trade with the Eagles , looked like the guy who was the runner-up in the Defensive Rookie of the Year race with the Bills in 2013 , not the sluggish imitation they were in Philadelphia in 2015 . Alonso playing at this level would transform the team 's linebacker group . Abdul-Quddus , cornerback Byron Maxwell ( also dealt from the Eagles ) , defensive end Andre Branch and Williams , all pickups this offseason , played big roles in holding Seattle to six points on its first 11 drives .
We 'd never pick against the Patriots at home , and the Dolphins ' offense has its own questions to answer . But this contest has all the markings of a one-score game in the fourth quarter , with Garoppolo showing signs of inexperience against one of the most improved defenses in football .
Tampa Bay Buccaneers offense
Jameis Winston fever is spreading , as it should be . Part of what makes Winston so fun to watch each week , after all , are the weapons around them -- and coach Dirk Koetter 's willingness to use them all .
Everyone knows about the receiver duo of Mike Evans and Vincent Jackson . Evans consistently created separation in the season opener against the Falcons and looks ready to emerge as a true No . 1 . What should make the Cardinals ' defense anxious about their showdown Sunday is the emergence of real depth to this Tampa attack .
As mentioned above , Arizona approached the Patriots matchup with surprising caution . The creative blitzes and pressure packages were rare , and we believe that came from a lack of confidence in the team 's cornerback depth . The Cardinals do n't want to put rookie Brandon Williams or Tyvon Branch on an island too often . The Bucs , even more than the Gronk-less Patriots , have the players to expose shaky one-on-one coverage .
Tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins put a tumultuous offseason behind them to make two big plays in Week 1 , a circus touchdown catch and a drawn pass-interference call . Third-year pro Charles Sims is already one of the best pass-catching backs in football , and it looks like he 's added more strength to their repertoire this year behind Doug Martin . Adam Humphries is showing signs of emerging as the No . 3 slot receiver the Bucs have been missing for years . Starting tight end Cameron Brate is a favorite of Winston 's in the two-minute drill .
Winston is showing signs of maturity by taking what the defense gives him . Unlike Ryan Tannehill or Tyrod Taylor , for example , Winston processes their options quickly . Their mind is as quick as their feet in the pocket . It feels strange to think that a secondary including Patrick Peterson and Tyrann Mathieu could be a weakness , but it could take time for Honey Badger to fully look like their old self after recovering from a torn ACL . We expect the Bucs to spread the Cardinals out and pick on Arizona 's other defensive backs .
Koetter wo n't be afraid to get into a shootout with the Cardinals . After one road win to start the season , this risk-embracing Bucs squad is playing with house money .
Baltimore Ravens defense
No team entered the opener with more questions than Baltimore . Coach John Harbaugh still does n't seem to know some of the answers on offense , with the team splitting reps at tight end and running back , and between five receivers . But Week 1 should make them feel so much better about the group 's team defense .
Eric Weddle has taken over as the quarterback of the team 's secondary , and it showed . The Ravens were always in the right spot against Buffalo last week , with Weddle , Shareece Wright and Jimmy Smith all having standout games . Lardarius Webb looks like a natural at free safety .
With a better-looking secondary and a strong defensive-line tandem of Timmy Jernigan and Brandon Williams , coordinator Dean Pees was freed up to get weird with their blitzes . Pees out-Rexed Rex Ryan last week , and they should be creative again this week against Cleveland .
The Browns offense could be better off with Josh McCown at quarterback than with injured Week 1 starter Robert Griffin III , but this is still a soft landing from the scheduling gods . Cleveland , which once boasted a strong offensive line , is vulnerable . After holding Buffalo to seven points and 160 yards , Baltimore 's defense can control this game again up front and build confidence . Just two weeks after entering the season without an identity , the Ravens may start to view themselves as a defense-first squad . Same as it ever was .
Herschel Walker : Speaking Engagements Nixed for Backing Trump
Obama Refuses to Answer Benghazi Committee 's Questions About 2012 Attack
The politician who spearheaded the Brexit joined Your World to talk about UK 's independence movement and the fallout from the vote .
Nigel Farage said that the referendum for the UK to leave the European Union was n't decided by economic arguments .
`` It was decided by a basic argument of sovereignty , '' they said . `` Should we make our own laws in our own country , and crucially , should we control our own borders ? ''
They said that the UK 's population was rising by half a million people every year just because of the EU 's open border policy .
`` People said , 'Enough . We want to govern our own country . We want to make our own laws . We want our own Supreme Court do be supreme and we want to control our borders . ' And that now is what must happen . ''
Farage called for `` a Europe of sovereign nation-states being friends together , not a false political union . ''
The Ukip leader also said that Russian President Vladimir Putin `` behaved in a more statesmanlike manner '' than President Obama did .
`` Obama came to Britain , and I think behaved disgracefully , telling us we would be at the back of the queue ... Treating us , America 's strongest , oldest ally , in this extraordinary way . Vladimir Putin maintained their silence throughout the whole campaign . ''
Watch the full interview above .
Judge Nap : Leaks Could Trigger 'Saturday Night Massacre ' in Hillary Email Probe
Gingrich : The Only Thing Hillary 's Qualified for Is Retirement
George Will Leaves GOP in Protest to Trump : 'Not My Party Anymore '
- Any - Africa -Sub-Saharan Africa -- Kenya -- -North Eastern Province -- -- Garissa -- -Rift Valley Province -- -- Lake Baringo -- Malawi -- -Zomba -- -- Sunbird Ku Chawe Hotel -- -Chikwawa -- -- Lengwe National Park -- South Africa -- -Gauteng -- -- Marievale Bird Sanctuary -- -- Pretoria -- -- -Austin Roberts Bird Sanctuary -- Zambia Antarctica Asia -South Asia -- India -- -Jammu and Kashmir -- -- Srinagar -- -- -Dal Lake -- -Gujarat -- -- Kutch -- -- -Nakhatrana west road to Naliya -- -- -Mandvi -- -- -- Topansar Lake -Southeast Asia -- Philippines -- -Palawan -- -- Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park -- Singapore -- -Singapore Botanical Gardens -- -- Symphony Lake -- Thailand -- -Petchaburi Province -- -- Kaeng Krachan National Park -- -- -Ban Krang Camp -- -- -Phoen Tung Lookout -- -- -Tor Tip Waterfall Area -- -- -Uncle Sin 's Waterhole -- Viet Nam -- -Dong Nai Province -- -- Tan Phu State Forest Europe -Poland -- Podlaskie -- -Biebrzanski National Park -United Kingdom North America -United States of America -- New York -- -Adirondacks -- -- Hamilton Co , -- -- -Blue Mountain Lake -- -Manhattan -- -- Central Park -- -- -The Ramble Bird Feeder Station Oceania -Australia -- Northern Territory -- -Alice Springs -- -- Alice Springs Sewage Ponds -- -Barkley Region -- -- Epenarra Station -- -- Tennant Creek -- -- -Tennant Creek Wastewater Treatment Plant -- -Kakadu National Park -- -- Nourlangie Area -- -- Aurora Kakadu Billabong -- -Northern Territory South -- -- Curtain Springs -- Australian Capital Territory -- -Canberra -- -- Lake Burley Griffin -- New South Wales -- -Shortlands Wetlands Centre -- -Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park -- -- Bobbin Head -- South Australia -- -Marree -- -- Birdsville Track , north of Marree -- -Cordillo Downs -- Tasmania -- -Maria Island -- -King island -- -- Currie -Fiji -- Viti Levu -- -Central Division -- -- South of Serea -- -Mabualau Island -New Zealand -- South Island -- -Otago -- -- Wanaka -- -- -Lake Wanaka -Nouvelle Calédonie -- Grande Terre -- -Province Sud -- -- Parc Provincial Riviére Bleue South America -Guyana -- Mahaica-Berbice Region -- -Mahaicony -- -- Baiabu
I am typing this on a 9-inch , 3G-equipped , almost-pocketable computer , running the best consumer OS money can currently buy . It costs around $ 400 . Do you want one too ? Here 's how to get yours .
There are a lot of netbooks on which you can install and run OS X , but if you 're mindful of the handy comparison chart those lads at Boing Boing Gadgets have compiled , you 'll know that the Mini 9 is about as ideal a platform as you 'll find for a Hackintosh ultraportable : Everything from wi-fi , sound and the function keys down to the optional integrated mobile broadband card and the SD card reader are supported and work as they should . No hardware compromises at all . It 's awesome .
Advertisement
Generally , there are two ways to approach a Hackintosh install : Using a `` slipstreamed '' OS X installer image that 's been modified to install on non-Apple hardware , or using a $ 129 factory-fresh retail OS X install disk in tandem with a special bootloader that does the necessary tweaking to let the installation happen . The former can be easy enough , but it 's pretty much illegal since it contains a pirated OS X install disk , and on top of that you 'll run into all kinds of problems should you ever want to upgrade your OS or software via Software Update .
By using a retail OS X disk , you stay mostly out of pirate waters , and ensure that once everything 's up and running , you 'll be as close as is possible to having an actual Mac . Here we 're doing that , using a method referred to as the `` Type11 '' install , cooked up by a fellow of the same handle and their colleagues over on the MyDellMini forums , a fantastic resource .
Even though we 're using a standard retail-purchased copy of OS X , the disclaimer : Apple does not like Hackintoshing . It violates the OS X EULA , and probably wo n't make the Dell folks too happy either , should you need to return your hacked Mini 9 for service . So , as always , proceed at your own risk .
Advertisement
The Netbook Hackintosh Video Apple Made Wired Take Down Gadget Lab writer and Giz friend Brian X. Chen said earlier today via Twitter that Apple `` is… Read more Read
On a personal note let me tell you , it 's worth it . The Mini 9 is a beautiful OS X machine . So let 's get started .
What You 'll Need
• Dell Mini 9 With 16GB SSD or higher ( 8GB SSDs will techincally work , but it will take some fiddling not covered by this guide )
• Retail copy of OS X 10.5.x ( NOT an OEM copy that comes with a new Mac )
• A USB flash drive 8GB or higher
• An external USB DVD drive
• The `` Type11 '' Bootloader : DellMiniBoot123v8.01.iso.zip ( download link in this forum post )
• Blank CD to burn bootloader image ( I actually used version 8.0 of Type11 on my CD-if your boot process with 8.01 is different than what 's spelled out in this guide , you can download 8.0 here . Both should work . )
• Windows PC for preparing the flash drive ( if DVD drive works fine , this is optional )
Advertisement
Preparing Your Boot Loader
The easiest way to use both the Type11 bootloader ( burned to a bootable CD ) and your OS X install DVD is via the external USB DVD drive . The catch is , some drives are mysteriously not compatible with installing OS X on the Mini 9 . Mine was one of those drives—the bootloader CD would work without a hitch , but it would choke on the OS X install disk every time . Thankfully , it 's also possible to run both the bootloader and the OS X install disk off of a USB flash drive . I 'm going to spell out my method here , which actually included both approaches , but try an external DVD drive first , and if yours is compatible , your life will be a little easier than mine was . On the other hand , if you do n't have an external drive , you can give the USB flash drive method a shot .
The general approach here it to boot from the Type11 bootloader , which allows you to install , run and update OS X ; once you 're up to 10.5.6 , you can install a suite of Mini 9 specific drivers so you do n't have to rely on the bootloader anymore .
Advertisement
1 . Unzip the DellMiniBoot123v8.01.iso and burn it to a CD with Disk Utility or a similar Windows tool ( do n't just drag the ISO file to a disk ) . Pop that disk into your external DVD drive , connect it to your Mini 9 and power it on , then press 0 ( zero ) at startup to bring up the list of bootable devices .
2 . Choose CD/DVD from the list , which will bring you into the bootloader . Choose the first option , `` Install Retail OS X 10.5 '' which will bring you to a command prompt that says `` boot : ''
Advertisement
3 . Take out the bootloader disk and pop in your retail OS X install DVD , keeping the PC running . ( You can power your external drive off and then on again to make sure everything 's kosher . ) Press Escape at the boot : prompt to bring up the drive options . The Type11 installer uses hex codes to choose which device you 're booting from , which you can assign at any time from the boot prompt by pressing escape : enter `` 9f '' for the external DVD drive or `` 80 '' for the primary internal SSD . Here we 're booting from the external CD drive , so press escape , Type `` 9f '' then press enter .
4 . At this point , the OS X installer will either load or it wo n't . If it does , great . You can skip to step 12 . If not , you 'll need to do what I did , and transfer everything to a USB flash drive to install that way .
Advertisement
Preparing a USB Stick Instead Of/In Addition To a Boot CD
This is based on a tutorial found on the MyDellMini forums by `` bmaltais '' —bigup to him .
5 . Open up Disk Utility and partition your USB drive ( 8GB or larger ) into two partitions : one 200MB FAT32 ( MS-DOS ) partition named `` TYPE11 '' and one with the remainder of the free space formated as Mac OS X Extended ( Journaled ) called OSXDVD .
6 . Move to a Windows PC ( I know , I know ) , plug in your USB stick and download Syslinux-this is a utility that will make the FAT32 partition of your USB stick bootable . With the Windows Command Prompt , cd over to the `` win32 '' subdirectory of the Syslinux directory you downloaded and type the following , where `` F : '' is the drive letter for the TYPE11 partition on your USB stick :
syslinux -ma F :
You wo n't get any confirmation , but if you receive no error messages , you 're good : This copies a single file named ldlinux.sys ( invisible in Windows ) to the USB drive to make it bootable . Pop it out and go back to your Mac if that 's what you 're using .
Advertisement
7 . Now , unzip the Type11 ISO ( instead of burning it to a disk ) and copy the whole directory structure to the TYPE11 partition . Do NOT overwrite the `` ldlinux.sys '' when it asks—you want to keep the one you copied over with Syslinux .
8 . To fill up the other partition , insert your OS X install DVD and , in Disk Utility , select it and choose `` New Image . '' Save it to the OSXDVD partition of your USB drive as `` live.dmg '' with `` compressed '' as the type and encryption set to `` none . '' This 'll take about a half hour to rip the DVD to an image , which should weigh in at around 6.4 GB give or take .
9 . After that 's done , go to Terminal and copy your mach kernel file to the OSXDVD partition by typing this :
sudo cp /mach_kernel /Volumes/OSXDVD
10 . And finally , download this zip file , uncompress it and copy the System and Library folders inside to your OSXDVD partition . This is the last bit of magic needed to make your Mini 9 think it 's working with an actual OS X install DVD .
Advertisement
11 . On your Mini 9 , restart it and enter the BIOS setup by pressing `` 2 '' —and make sure legacy support for USB devices is enabled . Now , reboot and select the boot options list by tapping 0 at startup and choose USB Storage . Select the OSXDVD partition to boot from and press Enter . This should load up the familiar Apple and the OS X installer window .
Install OS X
While you 're installing and doing initial configuration of OS X , everything will be all warped to 800x600 rather than your Mini 's native 1024x600 res . Do n't worry , this will be fixed soon enough .
Advertisement
12 . The first thing you need to do is format your SSD . Bring up Disk Utility in the installer select it at the highest level possible . Go to `` Partition '' and make it a single Mac OS X Extended ( Journaled ) partition . Before hitting Apply , go to Options and select GUID Partition Table . Then hit apply .
13 . Now , go back to the Installer , and install OS X to the SSD you just partitioned . You will definitely want to choose to customize your install to save SSD space—I would ditch all the printer drivers and language packs you do n't need to save space . If you install with the default options though , do n't worry—all can be removed later . The installation will take about an hour , so go fix yourself a drink . You may come back to an Installation Error message at the very end ( I did n't ) , but if you do , do n't worry . It 's normal .
14 . Once OS X is installed , it 's still not ready for use right off the drive . On your first reboot , make sure you boot back into the Type11 bootloader on your CD or flash drive , as your new OS X partition is still not bootable without it .
Advertisement
This is , however , where a bit of weirdness set in for me . The Type11 partition on my USB disk would NOT recognize my fresh OS X install on the Mini 9 SSD . It just would not boot it . The Type11 boot CD I had made ( with version 8.0 of Type11 ) DID recognize it , however , and booted it just fine . So bear that in mind here—even if you were n't using an external drive before , you still might need one .
15 . So now you boot back into the Type11 CD and choose option 1 ( `` Install Retail OS X 10.5 '' ) again , even though you 're not installing . This takes you back to the boot prompt . This time , hit Escape , and type the code `` 80 '' for your SSD ( as opposed to `` 9f '' for the external DVD ) . Press enter , and then back at the `` boot : '' prompt , type `` -f '' with no quotes before hitting enter again to boot . This will load all of OS X 's kernel extensions ( .kexts ) to make sure wi-fi and everything works . OS X should boot , and you 'll go through the typical OS X setup process . Notice the webcam and—hopefully—networking are already working !
Advertisement
ONE MORE NOTE : If networking is n't working , do n't panic . On my first boot from the SSD , wi-fi did n't work . But after a restart and another boot from the bootloader CD ( with the `` -f '' option ) it worked fine . Throughout this process , if anything is screwy , before you panic and start Googling new strategems , simply re-do the last step that failed—it 's often that easy .
Free Up Space and Update OS X to 10.5.6
Now that you 've booted from the fresh installation on the SSD , it 's time to update to 10.5.6 ( if necessary ) . After a default install , I only had a gig and change left on my 16GB SSD , so I had to dump some programs I would n't need as well as all the printer drivers found at /Library/Printers . There is an app called Monolingual which can also help clear some space by removing unwanted language files and stripping out all legacy PPC code from your universal binaries .
16 . Once you 've cleared up enough space ( if necessary , you 'll need around 6GB ) , go to Software Update and install the 10.5.6 update . This will take a long-ass time too ( the SSD , strangely enough , seems to actually be slower on tasks that take tons of reads and writes ) .
Advertisement
17 . After it 's done , restart , and boot into the Type11 bootloader one last time . This time you do n't have to use the `` -f '' flag . Once you 're booted , go to the DellMini9Utils folder on your Type11 CD or flash drive and run the DellEFI installer . This will load all of the Mini 9 .kexts and drivers as well as a special bootloader to boot your SSD install . Choose the easy install option and just let it do its magic .
18 . After it 's done , you 'll be asked to reboot one final time . You wo n't need to boot from the Type11 CD this time ; you should boot straight off of your SSD like normal , and enter upon your fresh new OS X desktop , now in gloriously correct 1024x600 resolution . Awesome !
Advertisement
Configs , Tweaks and Fun Stuff
You 'll notice right away that OS X runs fantastically on the Mini 9 . I was really stunned , and you probably will be too . Here are some things to make it even better :
• Follow this tutorial to get your mobile broadband working if your Mini 9 has it . Network preferences should recognize it out of the box .
• If you 're especially OCD , you can run the `` AboutThisMac.pkg '' inside the Type11 utilities folder to change `` Unknown Processor '' in the About This Mac window to the correct 1.6GHz Atom designation .
• This is a neat trick for fooling pesky oversized windows into shrinking themselves for your small screen .
• I have n't had luck with this , but you can apparently enable some multitouch scrolling action on the Dell 's Synaptics touchpad by following these instructions .
Conclusion
So congrats , now you have a 100 % functional OS X netbook . I 've been using mine for a few days now , and it 's quite the machine for basic netbook activities-surfing , IM , email . It connects to my shared AirPort disk and streams my video collection ( even high-def files ) perfectly , and also backs up wirelessly over Time Machine . The 9-inch screen will make even your lower-res full-screen video look fantastic—YouTube or Hulu , QuickTime trailers and video rips are a pleasure to watch . Watching an episode of something in bed without lugging my 15-incher in with me is really nice .
Advertisement
In addition , I think I may have found the perfect toilet computer . No one wants to fight Windows on the throne . And of course it 's amazing for traveling . I 'm about to take a trip to Cairo , and I 'll be bringing this little guy without a doubt .
Resources
Many thanks to everyone at the following sites :
• DellMyMini Forums : Mac OS X
• DellMyMini Forums : OS X : FAQs and How Tos
• OSX86 Wiki Guide
So that 's about it ! Please add in your experiences in the comments-your feedback is a huge benefit to our Saturday guides . Good luck with your own Hackintoshing , and have a great weekend !
Ed . Note : Justin Goldman is the founder of The Goalie Guild , an independent goalie scouting service and overall resource for all things professional goaltending . He 's written for NHL.com , been interviewed by Stephen Whyno , and knows more about goaltending than everyone in this blog put together . Check out their story below and make sure to check out their site . Padtracker is the best .
Caps Fans :
I 'm writing this note during Game 6 , because regardless of whether they win or loses , my message remains the same .
You have a very special young goaltender in Braden Holtby .
For their age , they are very polished , composed , and adaptable . In fact , when I break down their game at the elemental level , I come to find that they have many positives , and very few negatives .
Most of you are keen enough to see this with your own two eyes . It 's just the way they move in the crease , the body language they display . The statistical results act as the perfect “ visual proof ” most of us need to argue that they have a very bright future .
But it is because of this visible “ elite potential ” that I have to stress how important it is for you to be patient with their development .
I have seen it time and time again , for years and years , to all types of teams , and all types of goalies . That 's why this message is being written in the first place ; the very nature of history repeating itself can be a total pain in the ass . Goalies that face high expectations can often face even higher expectations when the fans lack patience . This happens in all types of markets , to goalies of all ages and pedigrees and experience levels .
Please do n't allow yourself to expect great success from Holtby forevermore . Only they should expect that type of greatness , that type of constant success . Your role in this special goalie 's development should be different . Help their cause by realizing they are still a rookie , and they still have a lot to learn about stopping pucks at the NHL level .
It 's hard to believe Holtby is now the third rookie goaltender to carry the Capitals through the last three playoff runs . It 's a credit to the team 's goalie coaching and scouting staff when I say all three of them have significant long-term upside . All three of them are goalies I would n't be afraid to build a team around . They are goalies everyone will want when they are in their prime , which is around four or five years for this triumvirate of Holtby , Michal Neuvirth , and Semyon Varlamov .
If Holtby is destined to be a key part of the team next season , you have to understand that struggles are going to occur . Very few goalies have ever escaped from the clutches of the sophomore jinx . Every goalie in Holtby 's situation loses some of their luster as a Dynamic Entity at some point or another . Yes , some continue to shine , and continue to get brighter , but many others inevitably fade into black .
Holtby will enter the final season of their entry-level contract next year and make a $ 600,000 NHL salary , and they could very well become the team 's legitimate starter . The fact he 's “ just a baby ” at age 22 will be lost amongst many fans , because the way they stop the puck is so darn impressive , interesting , and bold . As I have told many fans many times before , they play the position very loud and proud , and it works for him .
But from someone who is trained to recognize patterns in goaltending development and evolution , please understand that they will have to dig through some serious trenches over the next two seasons . They will lose tough games , they will give up bad goals , they will frustrate you . They will lose some of their luster from time to time .
I wo n't go into all of the reasons why this happens , as I have many articles on my website that go into the issues of the sophomore slump . I just want to make sure as many Capitals fans as possible learn to understand that this will happen , in some way shape or form . Therefore , understand that patience from yourselves ( and your favorite team ) will be a major key in truly tapping into their long-term potential .
For those of you that are wondering about the process , I ca n't answer that , because every goalie comes to reach their true potential in different ways , at different times , by going down different paths . But if the Capitals want to enhance the process in which Holtby gets through these potential sophomore slumps , and therefore becoming a more consistent and steady performer , they have to dedicate a hefty percentage of the workload to him . Experience is everything , and the more they play , the faster they become a wiser and smarter NHL goaltender .
The message , therefore , is very simple . Do n't freak out if they play some crappy hockey next season . Do n't expect them to be a rockstar every single night . Do n't let them overwhelm your senses . They are still a rookie . They are still very early in their overall maturation as an NHL goaltender . Yes , every goalie develops at a different rate , but very few escapes the sophomore slump .
Whenever that dreaded sophomore slump happens , no matter how long it lasts ( even if it is over the course of two seasons ) understand that it is all part of the natural path that almost every goalie has to take to become a fully-matured goaltender . Do n't lose sight of the bigger picture , and keep this kid in a Capitals uniform . They have the potential to be extremely special…and they could win a lot of hardware by the time he 's in their actual prime .
Advertisements
Share this story : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
The hero of Hank Green 's debut novel , “ An Absolutely Remarkable Thing , ” is an art student in New York City named April May , who finds themselves at the center of a vast international mystery . One day , April stumbles on a giant robot sculpture in Midtown Manhattan , and makes a video with the figure , which goes viral . They become famous as news spreads that similar sculptures have mysteriously appeared in dozens of cities , and people around the world struggle to understand where the figures came from and what they mean .
The novel , which will be published by Dutton in fall 2018 , flirts with otherworldly themes . But the story grew out of something very real Mr. Green has wrestled with in their own life : internet fame , and the anxiety and awkwardness it can bring .
“ In a lot of ways it comes from a lot of my personal experience with how success feels , ” they said . “ There 's the very weird feeling of being bigger in people 's heads than you feel you are . ”
To their legions of devoted YouTube fans , Mr. Green is best known as the goofy , enthusiastic host of factoid-heavy educational shows like “ SciShow ” and “ Crash Course , ” and as the younger half of “ Vlogbrothers , ” the chatty video show that they created in 2007 with their older brother , the best-selling novelist John Green . Over the past decade , the Green brothers have built an online video empire , with 16 shows that have collectively drawn more than 2 billion views on YouTube .
Today , in advance of their sworn testimony , each witness to the Senate Agricultural Committee 's MF Global hearing was requested to disclose what their prepared remarks would be . Sure enough , CME executive chairperson Terry Duffy did that , and their prepared testimony can be found here . In and of itself there was nothing unexpected about said speech , the relevant section of which has been transcribed below . Where things got very ugly for Corzine , is when Duffy literally veered from the script , and added three unexpected sentences , catching everyone in the committee off guard ( including those who had given up on the testimony which came just after Corzine 's ) and which according to most newswires could have buried Corzine 's defense strategy , exposing them for a liar under oath , and potentially costing them their freedom . The video of the relevant 2 minutes is attached below .
First : here is what the Duffy prepared remarks should have been :
Our auditors returned on Sunday , October 30th because we learned from the CFTC that the draft segregation report for Friday , October 28th , which had been provided to the CFTC that day , showed a $ 900 million dollar shortfall in segregation caused by an “ accounting error. ” Our auditors , working with the CFTC , devoted the rest of the day and night Sunday to find the so-called accounting error . No such error was ever found . Instead , at about 2 am Monday morning , MFG informed the CFTC and CME that customer money had been transferred out of segregation to firm accounts . Transfers of customer funds for the benefit of the firm constitute serious violations of our rules and of the Commodity Exchange Act . MFG was taken over by a SIPC Trustee on Monday . However , before the SIPC Trustee stepped on Monday , the segregation report for Thursday , October 27th , which had shown not only full segregation compliance but also $ 200 million in excess segregated funds , was corrected by MFG to show a deficiency of $ 200 million in segregated funds . Apparently based on MFG 's segregation reports , additional transfers out of segregation occurred on Friday .
And here is what they ended up being : revised text in bold .
Our auditors returned on Sunday , October 30th because we learned from the CFTC that the draft segregation report for Friday , October 28th , which had been provided to the CFTC that day , showed a $ 900 million dollar shortfall in segregation caused by an “ accounting error. ” Our auditors , working with the CFTC , devoted the rest of the day and night Sunday to find the so-called accounting error . No such error was ever found . Instead , at about 2 am Monday morning , MFG informed the CFTC and CME that customer money had been transferred out of segregation to firm accounts . After receiving this information CME remained at MF Global while MF Global attempted to identify funds that could be transferred into segregation to reduce or eliminate the discrepancy . A CME auditor also participated in a phone call with senior MF Global employees wherein one employee indicated that Mr. Corzine knew about the loans that had been made from the customer segregated accounts . CME Group has provided this information , the names of these individuals to the DOJ and CFTC who are investigating these matters . Transfers of customer funds for the benefit of the firm constitute serious violations of our rules and of the Commodity Exchange Act .... etc .
The only question we have is : why ?
The first time Paul Nungesser filed a lawsuit over the damage to their reputation from Columbia University 's handling of sexual-assault allegations , the school managed to get it tossed out of court . The second lawsuit filed by Nungesser , based on sex-based discrimination over their male gender even after having been exonerated , apparently hit closer to the mark . Columbia announced that it has settled the suit — and says it will now change its policies to prevent it from happening again :
Nungesser 's suit charged that the University failed to protect them from—and even encouraged—sustained protest by Sulkowicz , which Nungesser initially argued was a violation of Title IX . The University announced that it had settled the suit—for which Nungesser submitted a new complaint after their initial one was dismissed last year—in a conciliatory statement sent to Spectator Thursday . The statement reaffirmed that Columbia 's investigation had found Nungesser not responsible and expressed regret that their time after the investigation was “ very difficult for them and not what Columbia would want any of its students to experience. ” The statement also said the University will reform its gender-based misconduct policies to make sure all students , “ accuser and accused , including those like Paul who are found not responsible , ” are treated with “ respect . ”
It 's worth noting that this statement goes a little beyond the usual corporate “ we admit nothing but just want to move on ” message . As reported by the school 's newspaper , Columbia offers some recognition of fault in this complaint , suggesting that it has some responsibility for the damage done to Nungesser 's reputation from Emma Sulkowicz ' bizarre protest stunts and the national media attention it received . The promise to change its policies are the most significant of these admissions , which implies that the existing policies at the time contributed significantly to the damage .
In filing the lawsuit last year , Nungesser said that was precisely what they wanted :
The new , 100-page complaint again alleges the school participated in gender-based harassment , sexual harassment and gender-based misconduct against Nungesser that “ was severe , pervasive and objectively offensive and that deprived Plaintiff Paul Nungesser of educational opportunities. ” “ I sincerely hope that Judge Woods allows my case to move on to trial , ” Nungesser tellsNewsweek via email on Monday . “ While I personally would like to put this case behind me , I also think this complaint raises some fundamental questions that our society deserves answers to. ” Those questions , they say , include whether male and female students have the same rights , and whether “ a false accusation [ is ] all it takes to lose any right to a normal life and a normal college experience . ”
Nungesser and their legal team added a little sauce for the goose approach to their amended complaint too :
The new complaint also alleges that Columbia 's policies and practices “ perpetuate the stereotype of the sex-driven male , ” which violates Title IX . For example , the complaint says , Columbia 's policies include no examples of sexual violence involving a male victim and a female perpetrator , only female victims and male perpetrators , or gender-neutral victims and perpetrators . Also , it says , all videos shown during a mandatory sexual respect program for students focused on “ violence against women ” and not gender-based violence more generally . Further , the complaint alleges , the school 's sexual violence policies focus only on penetration as opposed to someone being “ made to penetrate. ” “ Columbia 's institutional practice is largely based on the stereotype of the active , voracious , aggressive male and the passive , restrained , non-aggressive woman , ” the complaint says , “ which is sex-based stereotyping and overgeneralization that is discriminatory and a clear violation of Title IX . ”
Why did it take more than a year for Columbia to decide not to “ go to the mattresses ” on this lawsuit as it had the earlier one ? Judge Gregory Woods had signaled that they would consider this kind of complaint as opposed to the legal argument in the first lawsuit , which means that this had a better chance of going to trial . They may have settled it just on that basis alone , but that would have likely resulted in a “ no admission ” public statement . This outcome makes it look like Columbia knew they were in the wrong all along , and that Nungesser 's second shot at publicly humiliating the school was much more likely to succeed .
Perhaps this will serve as a warning to other colleges and universities that conduct kangaroo courts on Title IX issues . The real problem , though , are the federal guidances and policies that force these schools to put on show trials without any due process or protections for the accused in order to keep qualifying for funding . The Trump administration has an opportunity to correct that , although they also need to make sure they 're not dismissing the issue of sexual assault altogether . Education Secretary Betsy DeVos had to do some repair work on their department 's credibility this week on that score :
One day after their agency 's civil rights chief apologized for joking that most campus rape claims amount to two young people who are “ both drunk , ” U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said the department should more equally weigh the claims of assault victims and the due-process rights of the accused . “ All their stories are important , ” said DeVos , speaking to reporters moments after they met with both victims and a handful of those who say they have been wrongly accused . “ No student should be the victim of sexual assault , ” they said . “ No student should feel unsafe . No student should feel like there is n't a way to seek justice , and no student should feel that the scales are tipped against them or them We need to get this right . ”
Indeed we do — and that means using American due-process protections no matter what the venue or context may be . And for most of these cases , it means taking them out of the hands of school administrators , and putting them into the hands of law enforcement — where they belong .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Scotland took in 610 Syrian refugees between October 2015 and March this year
Scotland is `` leading the way '' in efforts to resettle refugees fleeing the war in Syria , according to the chairperson of a Commons committee .
However , Keith Vaz - who chairs the influential Home Affairs select committee - said there was a danger of a `` two tier system '' among UK councils .
Their comments followed the publication of a report that showed 38 % of Syrian refugees were resettled in Scotland .
The UK government has pledged to take in 20,000 refugees by 2020 .
Figures , first released in May , revealed that 610 of the 1,622 refugees arriving in the UK between October 2015 and March 2016 were settled by Scottish councils .
All but seven of Scotland 's 32 local authorities took in refugees under the Syrian Vulnerable Persons Resettlement scheme .
The Scottish government has said Scottish local authorities would provide homes for at least 2,000 Syrians .
Renfrewshire took the most refugees , resettling 68 people and came third in a list of councils across the UK .
Argyll and Bute took in 58 people , while Edinburgh and Glasgow resettled 53 and 51 respectively .
Across the UK , Coventry took in 105 people , while Nottingham took 81 refugees .
At the time of the survey only East Dunbartonshire , Falkirk , Highland , Orkney Islands , Shetland Islands , South Ayrshire and Western Isles councils had taken no refugees under the resettlement scheme .
However , since then eight people have been resettled in the Western Isles while South Ayrshire has taken in seven .
Mr Vaz told Radio Scotland 's Good Morning Scotland programme : `` The commitment made by David Cameron last year that Britain would take 20,000 refugees from Syria was extremely welcome , but that depends on local authorities being able to and being willing to take a very limited number of Syrian refugee families .
`` In this respect , local authorities in Scotland like Glasgow and Edinburgh have led the way for the rest of the United Kingdom .
`` They 've taken their fair share , but there are whole swathes of the rest of the United Kingdom where no Syrian refugees have been resettled and that is a cause for worry because we 're never going to meet that target unless everyone takes their fair share . ''
Image copyright HoC Image caption Chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee Keith Vaz said Scotland was leading the way on refugees
SNP immigration spokesperson Stuart McDonald MP , who also sits on the committee , said firm action was needed .
They said : `` We now need a commitment from our new prime minister that the government will step up - we have already seen Theresa May scrap the position of minister for refugees when we need a concerted effort to improve how the UK is dealing with , and continues to deal with the refugee crisis . ''
A Home Office spokesperson said the UK government was `` on track '' to deliver on its pledge to resettle 20,000 people by the end of the parliament .
They added : `` We have also made clear our commitment to bringing very vulnerable children from Europe .
`` At the same time we continue to work tirelessly to maintain the security of our border , intercepting attempts to enter the UK illegally and targeting the callous gangs that profit from people smuggling . ''
by
“ In the implementing of their policies , our western partners– the United States first and foremost – prefer to be guided not by international law , but by force . They believe in their own ‘ exceptionalism ' , that they are allowed to decide on the fate of the world , and that they are always right. ” – Russian President Vladimir Putin “ What did we do to deserve this ? What did we do to deserve to be bombed from planes , shot at from tanks , and have phosphorous bombs dropped on us ? ….That we wanted to live the way we want , and speak our own language , and make friends with whom we want ? ” – Alexander V. Zakharchenko , Chairman of The Council of Ministers of The Donetsk National Republic , The Vineyard of the Saker
There is no way to overstate the significance of what has transpired in Ukraine in the last three weeks . What began as a murderous onslaught on the mainly Russian-speaking population of east Ukraine , has turned into a major triumph against a belligerent and expansionistic empire that has been repulsed by a scrappy , battle-hardened militia engaged in a conventional , land-based war . The conflict in east Ukraine is Obama 's war ; launched by Obama 's junta government , executed by Obama 's proxy army , and directed by Obama 's advisors in Kiev . The driving force behind the war is Washington 's ambitious pivot to Asia , a strategy that pits Russia against Europe to prevent further economic integration and to establish NATO forward-operating bases on Russia 's western border . Despite the overheated rhetoric , the talk of a ( NATO ) “ Rapid Reaction Force ” , and additional economic sanctions ; the US plan to draw Ukraine into the western sphere of influence and weaken Russia in the process , is in tatters . And the reason it is in tatters is because a highly-motivated and adaptable militia has trounced Obama 's troopers at every turn pushing the Ukrainian army to the brink of collapse . Check out this frontline update from The Saker :
“ The ( Ukrainian Army ) is not retreating on one , two or even three directions , it is retreating everywhere ( except north of Lugansk ) . Entire battalions are leaving the front under orders of their battalion commanders and without the approval of the Junta leaders . At least one such battalion commander is already being judged for desertion . The entire Ukie leadership seems to be in a panic mode , especially Iatseniuk and Kolomoiski , while the Nazis are mad as hell at the Poroshenko administration . There are constant rumors of an anti-Poroshenko coup by outraged Nazi nationalists… ..
The bottom line is this : Poroshenko promised a victory in a matter of weeks and their forces suffered one of the most total defeats in the history of warfare . ….the most likely thing is that this ridiculous “ Banderastan ” experiment has seriously begun sinking now and that many rats are leaving the ship . “ The War in Ukraine “ , Vineyard of the Saker
The fact that the demoralized Ukrainian army has been defeated by the superior fighting force is of little importance in the big scheme of things , however , the fact that Washington 's global resource war– which began on 9-11 and has reduced numerous sovereign countries into anarchic , failed states– has been stopped in its tracks , is significant . The so-called War on Terror–which was recently rebranded under the ISIS moniker–has wreaked holy havoc and death on Iraq , Afghanistan , Libya , and now Syria . By routing the Ukrainian army the Novorussian Armed Forces ( NAF ) has put the kibosh on Obama 's Great Game strategy in Eurasia and torpedoed Washington 's plan to rule the world by force of arms . It could be that the battles of Lugansk and Donetsk are eventually regarded as the turning point , where the lumbering and over-extended empire finally met its match and began its precipitous decline . In any event , there 's no doubt that Friday 's ceasefire agreement is a serious blow to US hegemony .
THE PROBLEM IS NATO
“ The defining factor in relations with NATO remains the unacceptability for Russia of plans to move the military infrastructure of the alliance towards our borders , including via enlargement of the bloc , ” said Mikhail Popov , deputy head of Putin 's Security Council .
The issue has always been NATO expansion , not the ridiculous claim that Putin wants to rebuild the Russian Empire . The only one interested in in stitching together a global Caliphate is Barack Hussein Obama and their nutcase neocon advisors . Putin is not interested in an empire . Putin just wants to make money like everyone else . They want to sell gas to Europe , raise living standards and rebuild the country . What 's wrong with that ?
Putin 's not a troublemaker . He 's not sticking a freaking first-strike nuclear missile system in Havana just 60 miles from Miami . But that 's what Obama wants to do . Obama wants to establish NATO bases on Russia 's doorstep and deploy their fake-named “ missile defense system ” a couple hundred miles from Moscow . Putin ca n't allow that . No one in their right mind would allow that . It 's a direct threat to national security . Here 's how Putin summed it up in a recent press conference :
“ Russia is an independent and active participant of international relations . Just like any nation it has national interests that must be taken into consideration and respected… .. We stand against having a military organization meddling in our backyard , next to our homeland or in the territories that are historically ours . I just can not imagine visiting NATO sailors in Sevastopol , ” they stressed . “ Most of them are fine lads , but I 'd rather they visit us in Sevastopol than the other way around. ” ( Vladimir Putin )
Washington 's harebrained gambit was doomed from the get go . Who made the decision to topple Yanuchovych , install a US-puppet in Kiev , fill-out the security services with neo Nazis , and wage a bloody ethnic cleansing purge on the Russian-speaking people in the east ? Who was it ? Is n't there any accountability among the Obama team or is it all a matter of “ failing upwards ” like the Bush crowd ? Here 's Putin again :
“ Our western partners created the ‘ Kosovo precedent ' with their own hands . In a situation absolutely the same as the one in Crimea they recognized Kosovo 's secession from Serbia legitimate while arguing that no permission from a country 's central authority for a unilateral declaration of independence is necessary….And the UN International Court of Justice agreed with those arguments . That 's what they said ; that 's what they trumpeted all over the world and coerced everyone to accept – and now they are complaining about Crimea . Why is that ? ”
Does n't Putin have a point ? Is n't this what we 've seen over and over again , that there 's one standard for the US and another for everyone else ?
Of course it is . But Putin 's not going to stand for it . In fact , just this week , Russia 's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov expanded on Putin 's comments in an interview that never appeared in the western media . Here 's what they said :
“ The current stage of international relations is marked by a transition to a fundamentally new world order – a polycentric model based on due regard for the appearance of new economic and financial centres . And political weight comes with economic and financial influence . Transition to a polycentric world order reflects an objective trend according to which the world order should be based on the world 's cultural and civilisational diversity . This is objective reality , which no one can deny . …
After a long period of dominance in global economy and politics , these countries are trying to keep their positions by artificial means . They know that their economic positions are not as strong as they were after WWII , when America accounted for over half of global GDP , but they are trying to use all available military and political instruments , social media , regime-change technology and other instruments to keep back the objective process of the development of a democratic world order based on the equality of all sides . Not everyone has realized yet that it is impossible to move contrary to an objective historical process . We strongly hope that this will happen , because otherwise more illegal unilateral sanctions will be approved against Russia , to which we will respond accordingly , as we have already tried to do . But this , I repeat , is not our choice ; we do n't want confrontation. ” ( Press Conference : Russia 's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov )
“ A new world order based on a polycentric model ” ? What a great idea . You mean , a world in which other sovereign nations get a say-so in the way the world is run ? You mean , a world in which the economic , political , and military decision-making does not emerge from one center of power that is dominated by privately-owned banks , transnational corporations and voracious western elites ? You mean , a world in which international law can be applied evenly so that one country can not unilaterally create off-shore gulags , or incite color coded revolutions , or carry out extra-legal abductions and killings , or order drone attacks on wedding parties or conduct any of the other heinous violations of human rights which imperial Washington engages in without batting an eye ?
The NAF 's victory in east Ukraine brings us all one step closer to actualizing the multi-polar world of which Lavrov and Putin speak so glowingly . In fact , just hours ago Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko capitulated and signed a ceasefire agreement with the leaders of the anti-fascist militia , Igor Plotnitsky and Aleksandr Zakharchenko . ( Remember : “ We never negotiate with terrorists ” ? ) Ukraine 's National Security Council ( SNBO ) has reported that its troops have halted all military actions . The government 's public statement reads as follows :
“ According to the decision of the President of Ukraine and the order of the chief of the General staff of the military units of Ukraine , troops in the area of anti-terrorist operations ceased fire at 15.00 GMT . ”
Peace at last ?
It sure looks like it .
So while Obama is busy trying to ramp up the violence by rallying NATO to expand the wars around the world , international peacekeepers will begin the thorny task of implementing a seven-point peace plan put forward by none-other-than Vladimir Putin .
The difference between the peacemakers and the warmongers has rarely been as stark as it is today .
MIKE WHITNEY lives in Washington state . They are a contributor to Hopeless : Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion ( AK Press ) . Hopeless is also available in a Kindle edition . They can be reached at fergiewhitney @ msn.com .
This is easily the least fun we 've had watching the Reds since 2011 , no ? Did n't have a losing month all last year . No major injuries to the pitching staff . The team did just fine in Votto 's absence . Everyone 's happy until the 27th and final out of the NLDS . This year , the same team that captivated the entire city has returned , only , instead of Stubbs leading off , it 's Choo . Pretty good deal .
Seems like ages ago though . Now , this team is in the middle of a serious skid . They 've fallen five back of the Cardinals and have missed a good opportunity to gain ground on the Pirates . On the bright side , they 're currently in possession of the final Wild Card . But even that looks to be in jeopardy following the Reds third consecutive loss to a losing team . And there 's a bit of panic setting in , and rightfully so . That 's natural , in any city . But what 's incredibly disappointing is the assertion from a growing demographic of fans and even media that the team has just become listless or boring .
Please .
Let me be the first to say there are few things more frustrating than a baseball skid . Baseball commands a huge amount of time , more than any other major sport . It 's an investment , only instead of money , it 's the limited amount of time you have existing . And money , if you 're doing your part to pay for Joey 's $ 225 mil . But still , huge time commitment . Three hours plus , nightly , daily , and when you 've kept up with every AB , you will have devoted about 25 hours of your week to the Reds . Normally , that 's not an issue . But when the losses start amounting and the runs disappear , it becomes one . We turn our attention to the players . Of course , the players always have our attention . But now we 're pissed , and we 're looking for reasons to justify why the team is n't winning . The flavor of the day : effort . They 're listless . They lack spark . Mo Egger calls them “ boring. ” Because that 's what it looks like from the TV . Looks like these guys could care less , right ?
Think that 's the de facto method to know for certain that your team is in a serious kid . When we 've gone beyond dissecting stats . We 've gone beyond ripping Baker and their lineup to tiny pieces . We 're now focusing on the reactions , expressions , movements of players . A few anecdotes from Reds fans around the web :
“ I like to study people . Body movements , facial expressions and all their other mannerisms . The average Red looks bewildered or like they know they 're out matched then when they 're down early , quickly look defeated mixed with a little hope . The average ( if not all ) Cardinal or Pirate looks stern , confident , composed and as if they 're expecting the result they usually get. ” – Don , blog comment
“ The Reds are boring . At least they were yesterday . And throughout the better part of the last month , the word I 've found myself using more than other is “ boring. ” If you were at the ballpark yesterday , as I was , did you feel an energy in the air that suggested that the Reds were in the middle of a pennant race ? ” – Mo Egger
“ It 's sad they look dead coming out onto the field . Like they were already beat. ” – Tom , blog comment
“ The body language just does n't look good . Listless , detached , unfocused , uninspired , pick a word , any word….and you could apply that word for the last month plus. ” – Lance McAlister
Enough anecdotes , you get it . I do n't know if you read these and agree , but if you do , my only question to you is : have you ever watched a baseball game ?
Of course you have .
Have you ever watched a baseball game between other teams ? Try it out . Two things may result from the experience : you 'll either realize that this is n't the National Football League where guys river dance or wear HoF jackets on the sideline and be comfortable with that , or you 'll realize that this is baseball – long , slow , offers just moments of excitement in a three hour window . That 's the game . Even longer when we get extra innings . And maybe you 'll realize this sport kind of sucks and it 's not for you .
I 'm one of the tortured souls who gives that 25 hour+ attention to the Reds . Almost every AB is being listened to , watched , or monitored . MLB TV makes that very easy ( totally recommend ) . So when the Reds lose 5/6 , you come to the realization that you 've officially devoted that much time of your week for essentially nothing but misery . And now it 's time to cue the blame game , because someone has to answer for your wasted time . Normally , it 's Baker . Easy target . Stubborn , old , can look goofy . Traditionally hated in Chicago , so makes sense to follow the herd and pile on . And when that gets stale , it 's time to go deeper . Now we 're going all Dr. Melfi on players , just psychoanalyzing the crap out of everything from the expression on their faces to the bend in their bill .
It 's foolish . While I 'm just as frustrated as every other fan , I 'm passing on this month 's flavor in Reds fodder . It 's completely unfounded . It 's built entirely off the significant frustration mounting from worried fans and media in search of a worthy talking point . But what do we honestly expect ? Reds have lost their ace . Lost their clean-up guy , which if you have n't noticed has really been a bigger deal of late considering the lack of a powerful RH bat . Both catchers look fragile , which makes you wonder about some recent minor struggles of the SP . Losses are mounting , and the guys are noticeably pressing . How are you missing this ?
Tell Derrick Robinson after they were incorrectly called out on an inside the park homer they desperately tried stretching that he 's boring , listless . Someone tell Joey to hit the ball an extra three inches next time . Hopefully you witnessed them arguing something as ludicrous as whether or not the ball was actually caught . Definitely not signs of someone who is pressing , right ? What about Choo ? Slamming the bat after their final AB last night in frustration .
The look on Brandon 's face screams listless ? I 'm thinking more like stressed . Because I guarantee the clubhouse is significantly more stressful than Twitter or the blogverse that 's questioning just how much effort is being exerted . The Reds are n't boring . You 're just bored continually watching them score no runs and losing baseball games . You know , it 's kinda ' their livelihoods at stake here . Their careers , their legacy . Just catch them after a win , or after a walk-off . Or even after a big play . No one thinks they 're listless then . No one questions the team 's heart when they 're jumping together at home plate as the winning run crosses . Does heart/effort fluctuate that much ?
Baseball guys are n't necessarily known for their exuberance . Not much showmanship to go around . How many Lou Piniellas you see tossing bases anymore ? How many times does Baker need to be ejected to prove they care ? What look does Brandon need to wear to show you they care ? If they smiled during this skid , does that change your opinion ? Should every guy be launching their bat in frustration ? Maybe dropping a few expletives that you 'd find in a New Jersey bathroom stall . Does that illustrate effort ?
The argument lacks entirely too much substance to seriously offer . But I suppose when it gets this bad , we need something other than who is batting second to talk about . I seriously doubt anyone wants or needs this 2013 more than the guys in uniform . Losing makes everyone seem disinterested .
Hey , ultimately , I 'd rather you guys be right . Then it 's just a matter of getting the right cheerleaders by the trade deadline .
What will our phones look like in 2014 ? How about in 2020 ? We 've been speaking to the man in the know to find out . Get ready for a flexible future ...
We 've been peering into the future . Patrick Harrison-Harvey is Vodafone 's resident future phone guru , being the man who gets to look at all of tomorrow 's handsets today . He 's already revealed the thinking and the trends that 'll dictate the next year of phone designs , but what about after that ?
That 's what we intend to find out…
Bend it , flex it , anyway you want it
“ The next big thing to come in , ” says Patrick , “ will be proper foldable screens . The industry is already talking about it , and the technology for the screens is there , but it 's not in mass production yet . It 's just about making the technology and the material they 're using mainstream . ”
Flexible screens ? We 're intrigued . So how will that affect the look and feel of our precious handsets ? Patrick explains that it 'll be a pretty fundamental shift , but one that filters onto the shelves in stages :
“ There 'll probably be a phased approach to this , in that you wo n't wake up one morning and see devices with fully flexible screens that completely change the way phones are used .
“ I think what we will see , though , are devices in the future that negate the need to get a phablet because you 'll have a phone that looks like a current one , but with a screen that folds outwards to double the size . There are videos of that already online , ” says Patrick , referring to concepts like this futuristic one from Samsung :
But , unfortunately , there are some limitations : “ You ca n't do a fully foldable device yet because you ca n't fold a battery , so you 've got to have a physical part of it and an extra bit of screen that folds out . So , closed , you 'd have a normal phone , but then when you open it you 'd have a large-screen phablet experience .
“ Once you have that , the phone can start to recognise different gestures . You could bend it to go to your home screen , for instance , or fold it to turn the page on your e-book . ”
New materials , new design
“ It 'll need to be one screen that works on either side , ” Patrick says , “ and without a join in the middle . Theoretically that all works now , it 's just about getting the costs down enough to make it a mass market product . ”
And to do that , manufacturers are apparently turning to futuristic materials . Patrick tells us that the next evolution in manufacturing will come from space-age substances still currently in the lab . “ The new material that everyone 's talking about is graphene . Which is carbon fibre that 's only one atom thick . ”
How Huawei 's leading the big battery charge
If screen sizes are getting bigger , should n't batteries get smarter ?
Click here to read how the Huawei Ascend Mate 's battery is built to last .
We 're pretty excited by all this , but with work on the atom-thick graphene still in its infancy and a lot to be done to get things affordable , how long until we can all pocket these super-cool folding phones ? 20 years ? 10 years ? Nope… they 're not as far off as you might think :
“ I 'd say we 're about two years away from a bendable screen becoming a mainstream device , and with foldable screens following on from these in the next five years , ” explains Patrick .
Looking further afield
Two years will fly by , but what 's coming after that ? Patrick sees the flexible screen thing running and running , and – eventually – every single part inside our phones will learn the same tricks…
“ Manufacturers will have to change how they make the processors , to allow for flex , ” they explain , “ as well as a change in battery technology . Maybe wireless electricity become the norm , and be all around us . Phones could feed off of this , and remove the need for larger and larger batteries . I think that will happen , even if it is a way off of being as ubiquitous as Wi-Fi is now . ”
“ Will wireless electricity become the norm ? ”
Hang on… Wireless electricity ? “ It 'll be more for the home at the start , ” Patrick tells us , “ because it 's going to be a very long time before there 's electricity just bouncing out of lampposts for your phone to grab .
“ It 's quite a way off because of the amount of work needed . ”
And how long is a very long time ? “ It seems a very long way off , but If I think how much technology has changed in the last 10 years , it seems possible that in another 10 years we can be completely wireless and phones will be free of the rigid structures that confine them now . ”
That 's not a huge amount of time if you think what we 'll be getting : fully flexible phones with dual-sided screens , running on wireless electricity that pumps through your home town . Colour us excited .
Back to the now… Check out part one of our talk with Patrick , in which they explain the ‘ phablet ' phenomenon , and reveals what 's coming over the next year .
Manhattan gets all the glory , but if you want to know the real New York City , you 'll find it in Queens . Real New Yorkers , real-people stuff to do . We 're not talking celebrity haunts , celebrity sightings , restaurants you ca n't get into unless you are an A-lister . You 'll find yummy ethnic food , great green spaces , interesting neighborhoods to explore , beaches , history and mind-expanding museums .
And if it 's big-league sports you 're looking for , you 've got the New York Mets , who play at Citi Field in Flushing Meadows , and the U.S. Open for tennis , the last tournament of the Grand Slam , which also includes the Australian Open , the French Open and Wimbledon . This world-class event takes place annually from late August into the first two weeks of September at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows .
If Queens is your home territory , find out all there is to do right where you live .
Eat
You 'll find tempting ethnic food choices all over Queens . Eat in one of the best Thai restaurants in New York City and order your meal Thai spicy or get a slice in Ozone Park , Astoria , Glendale or Middle Village . Get a roti in Richmond Hill , a kebab in Jackson Heights or dim sum in Flushing . If you 're adventurous , eat meat skewered on a sword in Rego Parkistan . Eat Korean food in Bayside , Turkish food in Sunnyside or go on a taco taste along Roosevelt Avenue .
Celebrate your birthday at Pio Pio , your anniversary at Il Toscano and your love of `` Goodfellas '' at the Clinton Diner in Maspeth . Top it off with Italian ices at the Lemon Ice King of Corona or challenge your family to compare cannoli from Italian bakeries .
Drink
Drink beer at Bohemian Hall 's beer garden or get a little tipsy on Vernon Boulevard . And do n't bat an eyelid when the waiter puts anise next to your espresso at any Italian restaurant in northeast Queens .
Be Merry
Besides checking out regular live music venues , you can dance with dragons at the Lunar New Year Festival in Flushing or dance at a Greek nightclub in Astoria .
Johann Schumacher/Getty Images
Park It
If you 're in Queens in the spring , summer or fall , you 'll find something to love in the borough 's parks . Go birding at Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge or fishing at Gantry Plaza State Park . Camp at Alley Pond Park and challenge your family to the adventure course . Get a German beer and catch a movie at Atlas Park or go to Forest Park and take a spin on the carousel or sway to the music at the Forest Park bandshell . Forest Park is an ideal place for a peaceful fall hike .
Bike It
If you 're into biking -- motorcycle or bicycle -- ride along the Cross Island Parkway and Little Neck Bay all the way to Fort Totten or bike the Vanderbilt Parkway between Cunningham Park and Alley Pond Park . Or just bike a neighborhood . Any neighborhood .
Kit L. / Getty Images
Go House Gawking
If you are into architecture , there are lots to discover in Queens . Stroll the Tudor-ific Forest Hills Gardens and imagine the homes belong to fancy Hobbits , gawk at the homes on stilts in Broad Channel or challenge your family to a geocache game of historic homes in Queens .
Watch Tennis
If you love tennis , Queens should be on your list of things to do before you die . After all , it has the granddaddy of all American tennis tournaments , the U.S. Open . Buy a day pass for the U.S. Open for one of the tournament 's first few days and enjoy the best tennis , inches from your face . Even better , pay nothing to see great tennis at the U.S. Open Qualifying Tournament .
Expand Your Mind
When it 's hot , cold or raining , the place to be is inside . Go to the Queens Museum of Art and check out the great Panorama of New York City . Learn about the Flushing Remonstrance or visit the King Manor Museum for a walk back to the past . Find your way behind the scenes at the Museum of the Moving Image , one of the best museums in NYC and view contemporary art for free at the little-known Fisher Landau Center for Art .
Sascha Kilmer / Getty Images
Get on the Water
If the days are warm , the water beckons . And Queens has plenty of it . Spend a day at the beach in the city : Visit the Rockaways or hit the beach on the East River . If you 'd rather be on than in the water , kayak the East River with the LIC Boathouse .
Go Exploring
If you 're up for some adventure , you have many options to choose from . See how many cemeteries you can hike in one day without getting in a car , bus , train or plane . Visit the Irish or Filipino stretch in Woodside . For a big-picture view of Queens , explore the borough via the 7 subway , aka the International Express . Dare to take the tunnel tour at Fort Totten or clamber over battlements at Fort Tilden .
Love a Parade
Catch a Performance
When you think of New York City theater , you think of Broadway . But you can catch avant-garde performances at the Chocolate Factory Theater . Or you can go to the Secret Theatre or the LaGuardia Performing Arts Center . You can even tango at Thalia Theatre .
Joaquin Ossorio-Castillo / Getty Images
Choose From Everything Else
If none of that piques your fancy , here are more choices . First , go to Citi Field and watch the Mets -- if you are a fan . Shop Jamaica Avenue for bargains and any baseball hat you could imagine . ( Do this before you go to a Mets game . ) Run the marathon , or just cheer a marathoner in Long Island City . Learn to race a sprint bike at an honest-to-goodness velodrome or warm up and dance your heart out at WarmUp . Go to Best in Queens and check off all the winners . Play tennis in that huge tennis bubble where the Grand Central and Cross Island meet or play mini-golf under the Apollo rockets at New York Hall of Science .
Dear Secretary Clinton ,
Please step down . Withdraw from the race . Throw your considerable expertise and energy behind Elizabeth Warren . You will go down in history as a selfless humanitarian who cared more about the future of humanity than they did about their own aspirations .
The situation is dire . Even the slightest possibility of a Trump presidency ( you are tied in the polls today ) is too much for our fragile democracy and our even more fragile world . Our problems are legion and getting worse ( we all know what they are ) .
You have too much baggage . And while you are appreciated by many ( especially along the I-95 and I-5 corridors ) for everything you have accomplished , we need a candidate who has the opportunity to bring people together . We need an end to polarization . And sadly , that is not you . If the narrative over the next three months is your emails , Benghazi , Bill 's peccadilloes , the finances of the Clinton Foundation and general Republican antipathy towards you , then we will be unable to talk about solutions for climate change , greed , violence , worldwide social unrest and the need for national and international collaboration and problem-solving .
I have family and friends in the hinterlands . Whether it is justified or not they do not trust you and are prepared to `` sit out '' the election . These are people who voted for Obama twice . Despite my pleas to them about the potentially negative and profound repercussions of Trump 's pathological narcissism for all of us , they are adamant about not supporting you .
I am old enough to remember when national political conventions were cauldrons of discussion and debate , not scripted media events . As an 18 year old in 1968 I was sitting behind the dais , not 20 feet away from Mayor Daley , when they leapt to their feet in anger and screamed an anti-semitic slur at Abraham Ribicoff . That single event catalyzed my becoming active in the anti-war movement . From that same convention , I remember the healthy arguments that happened on the convention floor and in meeting rooms . You have the power to generate that kind of energy again . You have the power to make the convention a place of healthy discourse and in so doing energize people who care . Step down . Turn the convention into democracy in action .
I am begging you . Model selflessness and wisdom . The world and the United States are at an ecological and political tipping point . Please , for the Love of God , do the right thing and let go .
Respectfully and with great admiration ,
Former mayoral candidate Sarah Thomson , who lives downtown , wants to be appointed to fill the Etobicoke council seat that will be vacated next month by either Councillor Doug Holyday or Councillor Peter Milczyn .
Holyday ( Ward 3 , Etobicoke Centre ) and Milczyn ( Ward 5 , Etobicoke-Lakeshore ) are competing in an Etobicoke-Lakeshore provincial byelection . The vote is Aug. 1 .
Council can either appoint someone to replace the winner or call a byelection . Because there will be just months until the 2014 campaign period begins in January , an appointment is a strong possibility .
Thomson began lobbying for the seat through their assistant on Friday . The assistant , Sarah Patterson , touted Thomson to councillors after interviewing them on an unrelated issue .
Thomson , who lives near Bloor St. and Sherbourne St. , said in an interview they would promise not to run again in Etobicoke . They said they want to serve the area for a brief period to better appreciate its needs .
Earlier this month , Descendents announced their first new album in 12 years , Hypercaffium Spazzinate , along with a coinciding single , “ Victim of Me. ” Now the punk legends have confirmed a list of U.S. tour dates kicking off in September and running through November . Tickets go on sale on June 17 at 10 a.m. local venue time . Check out the list below , and grab Hypercaffium Spazzinate on July 29 via Epitaph .
Descendents 2016 tour dates :
September 2-5 — Denver , CO @ Riot Fest
September 15 —Minneapolis , MN @ First Avenue
September 16-18 — Chicago , IL @ Riot Fest
September 22 — San Diego , CA @ SOMA
September 24 — Pozo , CA @ Pozo Saloon
September 29 — San Francisco , CA @ Warfield Theatre
October 1 — Los Angeles , CA @ Hollywood Palladium
October 6 — Boston , MA @ The Royale
October 8 — New York , NY @ PlayStation Theater
October 13 — Philadelphia , PA @ Electric Factory
October 15 — Silver Spring , MD @ The Fillmore
November 9 — Seattle , WA @ Neptune Theatre
November 10 — Seattle , WA @ Neptune Theatre
November 12 — Portland , OR @ Roseland Theater
Kolberg is a 1945 German historical film directed by Veit Harlan . One of the last films of the Third Reich , it was intended as a Nazi propaganda piece to bolster the will of the German population to resist the Allies .
The film is based on the autobiography of Joachim Nettelbeck , mayor of Kolberg in Pomerania , and on a play drawn from the book by Paul Heyse . It tells the story of the defence of the besieged fortress town of Kolberg against French troops between April and July 1807 , during the Napoleonic Wars . In reality , the city 's defense , led by then-Lieutenant Colonel August von Gneisenau , held out until the war was ended by the Treaty of Tilsit . In the film , the French abandon the siege .
Plot [ edit ]
The film begins in 1813 after the phase of the Napoleonic Wars known in German as the Befreiungskriege ( War of Liberation ) . The opening scenes show Prussian Landwehr and volunteers marching down the streets of Breslau through enthusiastic crowds . This is followed by a dialogue between King Frederick William III of Prussia and Count August von Gneisenau , in which Gneisenau explains that the siege of Kolberg taught the importance of citizen armies . Ending with the admonition that kings who can not lead must abdicate , the scene switches to Vienna in 1806 to show the abdication of the last Holy Roman Emperor , Francis II of Austria , whom the script has Gneisenau call `` an Emperor who abandoned the German people in their hour of need '' .
The scene set , the film moves to 1806 and a Kolberg not yet affected by war , where the inhabitants are shown enjoying life , and the town 's leaders , Nettelbeck chief among them , discuss Napoleon 's proclamations , and what it will mean to them . Some see the French victories as a good thing , some wonder whether to leave . Nettelbeck alone is set on resisting the French . The film continues in this vein , with Nettelbeck struggling against cowardice , lethargy and the old-fashioned ideas of the garrison commander , to defend their city against the approaching French . Nettelbeck creates a citizen militia , in spite of the best efforts of the regular Prussian Army , has supplies collected , and strongly opposes the idea of surrender .
Finally , having been threatened with execution , and convinced that Kolberg can only be saved if a great leader can be found , Nettelbeck sends Maria on the dangerous journey to Königsberg whither the Court of Prussia has retreated , to meet with the King and with Queen Louise , who was described by Napoleon as `` the only man in Prussia '' . Maria 's journey leads to the energetic and charismatic Gneisenau being sent to Kolberg . After an initial confrontation with Nettelbeck , in order to show that there is only one leader in Kolberg , and that Gneisenau is that leader , the two work together with the army and the citizens to save the city from the French . After Kolberg is ( unhistorically ) saved , the film returns to 1813 after the Convention of Tauroggen , a time when Napoleon was defeated in Russia , and Prussian leaders wonder whether it is time to turn openly against him . Frederick William is convinced by Gneisenau to do so , and sits down to write the proclamation An Mein Volk ( `` To my People '' ) announcing the Wars of Liberation .
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
The film is based on the 1823 edition of the autobiography of Joachim Nettelbeck , mayor of Kolberg , and on the 1865 play drawn from the book by Nobel laureate Paul Heyse . No reference was made to the latter as the author was Jewish . Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels explicitly ordered the use of the historical events for a film , which they regarded as highly suitable for the circumstances Germany faced . [ 1 ]
Kolberg entered production in 1943 , and was made in Agfacolor with high production values . At a cost of more than eight million marks , it was the most expensive German film of World War II , with the actual cost suppressed to avoid adverse public reaction . [ 2 ] At a time when the war was turning against Germany , tens of thousands of soldiers were called from the fronts to be used in the film . [ 3 ]
Principal cinematography took place from 22 October 1943 to August 1944 . The exteriors were shot in and around the cities of Kolberg , Königsberg , Berlin , Seeburg , and Neustettin . [ 4 ]
To film scenes with snow during summer , 100 railway wagons brought salt to the set in Pomerania . The film was finally completed at the Babelsberg Studios at Potsdam while the town and nearby Berlin were being steadily bombed by the Allies .
Two extras were killed during the making of the film when an explosive charge went off too early .
The film 's extra cast accounted a massive 187,000 people , out of whom about 50,000 were soldiers . The film has the second-highest cast strength , after only Gandhi ( 1982 ) .
Release [ edit ]
The film opened on 30 January 1945 in a temporary cinema ( U.T . Alexanderplatz ) and at Tauentzien-Palast in Berlin , and ran under constant threat of air raids until the fall of Berlin to Soviet forces in May 1945 . Simultaneously with the opening in Berlin it was shown to the crew of the naval base at La Rochelle at the Théâtre de la Ville . [ 4 ] [ not in citation given ] It was also screened in the Reich Chancellery after the broadcast of Hitler 's last radio address on 30 January . One of the last films of the Third Reich , it never went into general release . [ 5 ]
The city of Kolberg was declared a Festung ( `` fortress town '' ) as Soviet forces neared it on 24 February 1945 . Within a month of the film 's opening Kolberg was under full siege ( sometimes called the `` Second Siege '' or `` Second Battle '' of Kolberg ) , with around 70,000 trapped German civilians and military personnel . House-to-house fighting caused devastation . Kolberg fell to Soviet and Polish forces on 18 March 1945 . Many civilians escaped by sea , and those who survived were permanently expelled along with all Germans in east Pomerania . The ruined city of Kolberg became part of Poland and is now known as Kołobrzeg .
The film was re-released in 1965 , with an attached documentary , and is now available on DVD . In Germany , it is a Vorbehaltsfilm ( `` reservation film '' ) , available for screening from the holder of the rights ( Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau Foundation ) only under special conditions . [ 6 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Kolberg on IMDb
on IMDb Kolberg is available for free download at the Internet Archive
Kolberg at AllMovie
Ever worked in a company where all your colleagues quit en masse , nobody wanting to be the last man standing and saddled with the work of their departed colleagues ?
In these situations , there 's usually a common thread : the employer is left scratching their head wondering why the hell everyone walked out , eventually rationalising that the employees left due to greed or personal reasons .
Meanwhile , all the employees know very , very well why they quit . And it 's usually down to one of these four reasons .
1 . AT LEAST ONE OF THE BOSSES IS INSUFFERABLE
I can not stress how many times people I 've worked with walked out on the company because the boss was driving them nuts .
Yet bosses never seem to realise that they are the ones driving employees away .
A sure sign that a boss is to blame for resignations is when you have one team under a particular boss whose people keep quitting , while other teams have a much lower turnover rate .
Nigel , a 32-year-old lawyer says , `` My boss practically drove me out of the firm with their ridiculous and dramatic behaviour . I had been planning to stay in this particular job for much longer , but finally felt that I had no choice but to leave . ''
2 . THE WORKLOAD IS TOO HEAVY
No matter how many lifestyle perks a company doles out and how many Employee Appreciation Days it organises , expect a high turnover rate if the workload is too heavy .
More and more employees are starting to be wary of companies that require them to work very long hours , especially as we are one of the worst countries in the world in terms of work-life balance .
Evangeline , a 30-year-old legal counsel , habitually worked till midnight every day in the first two law firms they were employed at .
They have since quit working at law firms altogether and is now a legal counsel at a local bank .
They say , `` The turnover rate in the legal profession is very high as not everyone can handle the punishing hours . While long hours are unavoidable in law , it is also the firm 's choice to get by with fewer rather than more associates . Since so many associates are willing to burn the midnight oil and stay at the office overnight , why try to hire more people ? ''
3 . IT 'S A DEAD END JOB OR A FAMILY BUSINESS WHERE CRONYISM IS RIFE
If there 's one thing employers should understand about young Singapore employees , it 's that professional growth is very important to them .
Nobody wants to be stuck earning the same salary three years from now , especially not when the cost of living keeps rising .
That 's why a lack of prospects at work is one big reason employees leave .
Victor Lim , a 66-year-old retiree , advised their 28-year-old daughter to quit a previous job because they were working for a family business where promotion prospects looked bleak . The company preferred to promote family members who were working there over other staff .
`` In family businesses , management will always favour their family members and you will never get ahead , '' they say .
Family businesses in Singapore tend to have a hard time holding on to employees , as they 're viewed as difficult to make progress in , since key positions are usually reserved for family members .
4 . THE PAY IS POOR
While some employees can afford to take on a lower paying job because of benefits like flexibility or better work-life balance , in the absence of such perks , expect a high turnover rate .
When Nadine , a 34-year-old civil servant , began their career , they were working in media and getting paid $ 1,800 a month . They regularly worked till 8pm and beyond , which means they were being paid less than $ 10 an hour .
The university graduate left one year later for a new job .
`` I was okay with the job actually , they say . `` But the pay was just too low . ''
No matter how wonderful a job is , most people go to work to earn money at the end of the day , so employers who are not paying a fair wage should expect their employees to jump ship once they find something better .
Student protesters demonstrate against the RPI administration for not respecting their free-speech right Friday Oct. 13 , 2017 in Troy , NY . ( John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union ) Student protesters demonstrate against the RPI administration for not respecting their free-speech right Friday Oct. 13 , 2017 in Troy , NY . ( John Carl D'Annibale / Times Union ) Photo : John Carl D'Annibale Buy photo Photo : John Carl D'Annibale Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close RPI students lament 'culture of fear ' as protesters face judicial action 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
TROY — A nonprofit group that advocates for free speech on college campuses is threatening to lodge a formal complaint with Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 's accrediting association unless the private Troy college stops its `` repeated and deliberate efforts '' to quash student criticism .
In a letter dated Monday , the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education ( FIRE ) addressed the unrest that 's spread across campus since the administration 's decision to pursue judicial action against two students who participated in a peaceful protest Oct. 13 outside of a black-tie fundraiser on campus .
Hundreds of students gathered outside the alumni and donor event to protest what they view as a de facto takeover of the 127-year-old student-run student union . During the protest , students breached a fence that had been erected just prior to the fundraiser in order to demonstrate closer to the event .
According to the administration , the students moved a barrier and entered a restricted area of campus . According to students , they walked through an open area of fencing on a campus they pay to attend .
Regardless , students Michael Gardner and Bryan Johns were informed they had been identified in photographs , videos and news reports as having led the protest , and were sent letters informing them their actions — which included trespassing , violation of a policy , and failure to comply — were grounds for disciplinary action .
Other students were sent letters informing them they had been identified at the demonstration , and must schedule a meeting soon with the assistant dean of students to discuss the matter . `` This is not a judicial matter , '' they were assured , according to a copy of one letter obtained by the Times Union .
Even before these actions , the administration 's removal of `` Save the Union '' flyers from campus and repeated denials of student requests to demonstrate earned RPI a `` red light '' rating from FIRE , which contends its policies `` clearly and substantially '' restrict freedom of speech .
`` We write today because RPI 's disrespect for student rights has hit a shocking new low , '' said Adam Steinbaugh , a senior program officer for FIRE , in the letter sent this week .
`` At every opportunity , RPI has demonstrated that it will use its vague policies as a vehicle to suppress students ' criticism in advance of visits by prospective students or donors , '' they wrote . `` When students have sought to hold demonstrations , RPI has claimed a lack of resources to enable such demonstrations — resources RPI was able to summon when students proceeded with their demonstrations . ''
RPI Vice President for Strategic Communications and External Relations Richie Hunter on Wednesday said it would be `` inappropriate to comment '' on any individual student 's situation related to the Oct. 13 protest , which they stated was unauthorized and involved students breaching security barriers .
Students , however , said they were not informed that the fencing was intended for security purposes or to block off a restricted area . In addition , they said , Troy police and RPI public safety officers who were working the demonstration did not inform students they had trespassed or violated policy .
`` I feel like my freedom of speech is not welcome here , '' said Gardner , one of the two students facing disciplinary action .
Gardner , a graduate student from Ohio who also completed their undergrad degree at RPI , said students have approached them to thank them for speaking out since word got out they are facing disciplinary action .
`` They really believe I 'm fighting something worthwhile because , as they told me , they 're constantly worried about repercussions any time they speak out critically of the administration , '' they said . `` I feel like they 're just facilitating this continuous culture of fear we have here . ''
Johns , the other student who was charged , said the judicial proceedings have put a strain on an already-busy class schedule .
`` It 's also unjust for the RPI administration to single out two students , '' they said . `` By deciding to target just the two of us , the RPI administration continues to spread a culture of fear . ''
The administration 's actions have also prompted condemnation from Grand Marshal Justin Etzine , who represents the student body in the highest-elected student leadership position on campus .
While RPI is a private institution and therefore not bound to uphold the First Amendment , it explicitly states in the Student Handbook that it will not `` impede or obstruct students in the exercise of their fundamental rights as citizens . ''
In order to maintain its accreditation with the Middle States Commission on Higher Education , it has to uphold this promise , according to FIRE . If it does not respond to FIRE 's letter by Nov. 21 , Steinbaugh said , the group will lodge a formal complaint with RPI 's accreditor .
Gill v. Whitford
United States Supreme Court ( No . 16-1161 )
The plaintiffs , 12 Wisconsin residents who historically have voted Democratic , filed a lawsuit on July 8 , 2015 in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin challenging the legislative district plan drawn by the Republican-controlled legislature following the 2010 Census . They argue the map is unconstitutional because it discriminates against Democratic candidates and voters on the basis of their political beliefs , violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment , and because it burdens their First Amendment rights of association and speech .
Earlier this year , on April 7 , the three-judge federal panel ruled unanimously to allow the case to proceed to trial , marking the first time in three decades that partisan gerrymandering claims survived a motion to dismiss . The trial was held in late-May and posed two major questions for the court . The first was whether the Wisconsin state house plan had been drawn with discriminatory partisan intent . Second , assuming there was intent , the trial turned to whether the maps had a constitutionally discriminatory effect — an issue that courts have thus far been unable to develop a simple test to resolve .
The trial provided a key initial test for the efficiency gap , a proposed standard for determining discriminatory effect that counts the number of votes each party wastes in an election to determine whether either party enjoyed a systematic advantage in turning votes into seats .
On November 21 , 2016 , the panel issued a 2-1 opinion holding that Wisconsin 's legislative plan was an unconstitutional partisan gerrymander because it resulted in excessive partisan asymmetry that could not be explained by neutral factors such as political topgraphy . Shortly thereafter , the panel ordered the Wisconsin Legislature put a remedial plan in place by November 1 , 2017 .
Wisconsin filed an appeal on February 24 , 2017 , asking the Supreme Court to review the decision striking down the map .
Key pleadings for Gill v. Whitford can be found here .
Benisek v. Lamone ( formerly known as Shapiro v. McManus )
United States District Court for the District of Maryland ( No . 13-cv-3233 )
A group of Maryland voters filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland on November 5 , 2013 challenging the congressional redistricting plan enacted by the Democratic-controlled Maryland General Assembly following the 2010 Census .
In their amended complaint , plaintiffs claimed that Maryland 's 6th Congressional District was a partisan gerrymander that violated their representational rights guaranteed by Article I of the U.S. Constitution and their First Amendment right of political association . Until the 2011 redistricting , the Sixth District routinely sent a Republican to Congress ; afterward , the district flipped , going to the Democratic side . Under the plaintiffs ' theory of the case , the Democratic-controlled legislature engineered this flip in an attempt to punish Republican voters for casting their ballots in favor of their preferred Republican candidates .
On August 24 , 2016 , the panel denied the state defendants ' motion to dismiss in a 2-1 decision , holding that the plaintiffs had adequately alleged a claim that they had been disfavored and punished for exercising their First Amendment rights . The parties are now proceeding with discovery , with a trial in the case expected in late summer or early fall 2017 .
Key pleadings for Benisek v. Lamone can be found here .
Harris v. Cooper
United States Supreme Court ( No . 16-166 )
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Common Cause v. Rucho
United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina ( No . 1:16-CV-1026 )
________________________________________________________________________________________________
League of Women Voters v. Rucho
United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina ( No . 1:16-CV-1164 )
Race and politics collided in North Carolina this cycle , presenting courts with both racial and partisan gerrymandering claims .
On October 24 , 2013 , plaintiffs in Harris v. McCrory filed suit alleging that North Carolina packed African-American voters into the 1st and 12th Congressional Districts when it redrew its congressional district lines in 2011 . The district lines , they argued , diluted African-American voting power and violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment . In early February , the three-judge panel agreed and struck down the state 's congressional map as an unconstitutional racial gerrymander .
After the ruling , the state defendants appealed . Meanwhile , the North Carolina legislature held an emergency special session where it redrew the map . However , in redrawing maps , legislative leaders adopted rules that required proposed maps to maintain the state 's partisan balance of 10 Republican and 3 Democratic seats . A key legislative leader stated on the floor that , `` I acknowledge freely that this would be a political gerrymander , which is not against the law . '' The challengers filed objections to the remedial plan claiming the new map was doubly defective . Not only did the legislature fail to fix the deficiencies with the original map , they argued , but it also added an unconstitutional partisan gerrymander to the still-existing racial gerrymander .
The court denied the plaintiffs ' objections on June 2 , 2016 . In the short eight-page opinion , the court said its “ hands appear to be tied ” given the lack of a judicially management standard to evaluate partisan gerrymandering claims . However , the court emphasized that its ruling was not an endorsement of , nor does it prevent further challenges to , the state 's remedial plan .
The plaintiffs have appealed the district court 's ruling on the 2016 remedial map to the Supreme Court . The Court is expected to decide some time before June whether to accept the case for argument . It is possible , however , that the Court will delay any decision or action on the partisan gerrymandering claims in Harris until it has decided the state defendants ' racial gerrymandering appeal .
In the meantime , Common Cause and the League of Women Voters have filed suits in district court also challenging the constitutionality of the 2016 remedial plan . Both cases have been consolidated and the trial is scheduled to begin on June 26 , 2017 .
Key pleadings for Harris v. Cooper can be found here .
Key pleadings for Common Cause v. Rucho can be found here .
Key pleadings for the League of Women Voters v. Rucho can be found here .
Many military commanders might have been surprised June 30 when Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced that , effective immediately , transgender servicemembers could be open about their preferred gender without fear of involuntary dismissal or denial of enlistment or continued service “ just for being transgender , ” as Carter explained it .
They went farther than that , however , pleasing up to 11,000 transgender personnel estimated to be serving on active duty or in reserve components , but alarming some line commanders still puzzled by medical issues alone associated with servicemembers desiring to switch genders .
Carter gave their department and service branches 90 days , until Sept. 1 , to write and issue commander guidebooks on handling of issues raised by the new transgender policy . Also by Sept. 1 , the military medical community is to be given guidance to begin providing transgender personnel with whatever medical care they require , from counseling to hormone treatments and , for some members , gender reassignment surgery .
By September , Carter wants transgender personnel who experience significant gender-related distress , called gender dysphoria , to be able to begin the process of changing genders . In consultation with medical providers , commanders are to begin approving needed treatments , accommodating periods of transition and minimizing readiness impacts .
During transition , individuals will begin living socially consistent with their preferred gender . That means dressing in the new gender and using preferred gender berthing , bathroom and shower facilities . Medical providers will determine when transition is complete . At a time approved by the commander , in consultation with the member , the member 's gender marker will be changed in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System and the member will be recognized in their preferred gender .
On open recruitment of transgender personnel , Carter said it should be allowed no later than July next year . The military no longer classifies gender nonconformity as a mental illness . But transgender recruits who otherwise qualify for service will need statements from their doctors certifying that they have been “ stable ” in their new gender identity at least 18 months .
There is policy flexibility , however , for recruits who do n't declare or are unsure of their desire to change genders as they enter service . Those who complete 180 days ' honorable service before deciding they want to change genders still will be provided with whatever transition care they need .
Transgender experts and advocates expressed confidence that the U.S. military , like armed forces of 18 other nations , will adapt swiftly to open service of transgender members and shifting gender identities . They predict little disruption to unit operations and no significant increase in overall medical costs given that the transgender population is so small .
But advocates and experts also acknowledged the steep learning curve ahead for leaders at all levels to understand transgender members , the stages of transition ahead for them , and the fact that level of medical treatment will vary significantly based on individual needs .
“ One person 's transition does n't look like the next person 's , ” said Dr. Jesse M. Ehrenfeld , associate professor of anesthesiology and surgery at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine . That 's hard for private-sector employers to understand and will be more difficult for the military , they said .
“ There 's an expected course when somebody has their gall bladder out . I can tell you as a physician what their recovery time is expected to be , when we think they 'll be deployable again . I ca n't necessarily tell you that for a transgender person because transition is unique and specific to any one person . … [ T ] hat 's one of the harder reasons why it 's been challenging for people to wrap their minds around what the impact of all this is . ”
Ehrenfeld , a Navy Reserve commander , is credited with sparking Carter 's interest in the issue six days into their stint as defense chief . With press in tow , Carter held a town hall visit with troops in Kandahar , Afghanistan , where Ehrenfeld was deployed . They asked Carter their thoughts on transgender members serving in austere environments like Afghanistan .
Ehrenfeld said they were sitting beside a transgender airman who risked dismissal if their status were known . So the doctor asked a question for him . Carter said they wanted to make service attractive to all “ our best people . ”
Four months later , Carter barred the services from forcing out or denying re-enlistment based on gender identity unless personally approved by the undersecretary of defense for personnel , who also would chair a working group of senior defense and service staffs to study the issue . Carter told the group to presume transgender personnel can serve openly without adverse impact to readiness , unless they could identify impediments .
Ehrenfeld , who treats transgender patients and coauthored a book on LGBT clinical health , said Carter 's June 30 decision favorable for transgender members is more important than their deadlines because “ the real work is just starting . There is so much education that needs to be done , about what this means , what integration looks like . … Although policies will be written , changes implemented , guidance given , I think the hard work is on changing our conversation and understanding at the command level [ to ] foster an environment across the services that 's inclusive and open to all . ”
Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee , promised a hearing on the new policy , focusing on the added cost for military medicine and the potential impact on readiness .
At the department 's request , think tank Rand Corp. has studied both questions and predicted no significant impact . Health coverage of gender transition would cost between $ 2.4 million to $ 8.4 million annually , a range “ exceedingly small ” against $ 6 billion spent annually on active-duty care .
Rand also estimated that less than a tenth of 1 percent of the force would have transition-related care disrupt their deployment .
Retired Rear Adm. Alan M. Steinman served as the Coast Guard 's top medical officer and later co-authored a 2014 study that found no medically sound reason to continue the ban on transgender personnel . It recommended the military provide all the medical care these members need .
“ If there are psychiatric issues as a result of being transgender that prevent you from doing your job , then that 's going to be disqualifying , ” Steinman said . But “ there is nothing inherently disqualifying about being transgender. ” The previous policy assumed all transgender people were psychiatrically impaired and clearly “ that 's not the case , ” Steinman said .
Send comments to Military Update , P.O . Box 231111 , Centreville , VA , 20120 ; milupdate @ aol.com ; Twitter : @ Military_Update
The couple and a young child were on a free trip to the Musee d'Orsay with a charity that supports hard-up families .
As the group browsed a room with paintings by Van Gogh , security guards told them they had to leave the building because people were `` complaining about their smell '' .
The worker with the Act for Dignity charity said : `` I argued with the security man , telling them the family were all decent and properly dressed .
`` Not a single other person had complained about us so I refute the idea that it was their smell .
`` We moved on to another room , but we were again met by four museum guards who ordered us out of the building . ''
Claire Hedon , vice-president of the ATD charity , said they had written to Aurelie Filippetti , the French culture minister , to complain about the incident .
The director of the museum told the French media they were `` saddened '' by the treatment of the family .
Republican candidate Donald Trump got in hot water with Jewish donors on Thursday when they refused to back down on comments they made the previous day that they were not sure Israel was interested in peace with the Palestinians .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Trump told The Associated Press on Wednesday they have `` a real question as to whether or not both sides want to make '' Mideast peace .
`` A lot will have to do with Israel and whether or not Israel wants to make the deal - whether or not Israel 's willing to sacrifice certain things , '' Trump told AP . `` They may not be , and I understand that , and I 'm OK with that . But then you 're just not going to have a deal . ''
Donald Trump ( Photo : AP )
Pressed to explain their comments on Thursday , Trump refused to back down . `` I do n't know that Israel has the commitment to make it , and I do n't know the other side has the commitment to make it , '' Trump said .
The comment drew murmurs of disapproval . They soon drew a smattering of boos after refusing to say whether Jerusalem should serve as the undivided capital of Israel , a priority for many in America 's pro-Israel lobby .
Trump shrugged off the criticism . `` You 're not going to support me even though you know I 'm the best thing that could happen to Israel , '' Trump said . `` I know why you 're not going to support me : because I do n't want your money . ''
The Republican Party 's presidential contenders spoke at a meeting of the Republican Jewish Coalition , a group whose primary benefactor , casino billionaire Sheldon Adelson , spent more on the 2012 federal elections than any other donor .
Their willingness to make a huge political investment helps explain why their signature group has attracted all of the major Republican presidential candidates to its forum in Washington - even though the man themselves was n't among the hundreds in attendance .
Some of the Republican candidates ( Photo : AP )
Billionaire business person Donald Trump is the front-runner followed by another outsider , retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson . Sens . Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are in a second tier of candidates , considered to have a good shot at the nomination if Trump and Carson fade in the primaries . The candidacy of former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush , the son and brother of former presidents , has failed to catch fire . Other candidates include New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie , Ohio Gov . John Kasich and former business person Carly Fiorina .
Trump 's commens also drew criticism from the other candidates .
`` Some in our own party - in the news today - have actually questioned Israel 's commitment to peace , '' said Sen. Marco Rubio . `` Some in our own party actually call for more sacrifice from the Israeli people . They are dead wrong , and they do n't understand the enduring bond between Israel and America . ''
Rubio continued : `` I reject those who believe that Israel is the impediment to peace , '' they said . `` Let me be crystal clear : there is no moral equivalence between Israel and its enemies . ''
Marco Rubio ( Photo : Reuters )
Rubio also decried as anti-Semitic a move by the European Union to label goods imported from Jewish settlements , a decision sharply criticized by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
`` We must not separate the threat to Jerusalem and Tel Aviv from the threat to Paris , or London , or Washington , or even Miami , '' Rubio said , also criticizing a rise in anti-Semitism in Europe .
`` Discriminatory laws that apply only to Jews are now being written into European law for the first time in more than half a century , '' the Florida senator said , to sustained applause .
Ripping 'catastrophic ' Iran deal to shreds
`` We need a president who will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel , '' declared Ted Cruz .
But in a clear break from Rubio and other Republican national security hawks , Cruz suggested the United States would be safer with Assad continuing in their role as Syrian president , just as the world would have been safer had Middle East dictators not been toppled in Libya , Egypt and Iraq .
`` Toppling a government and allowing radical Islamic terrorists to take over a nation is not benefiting our national security interests , '' Cruz said .
Cruz , who recently has been climbing in presidential polls , also said they would make scrapping the nuclear deal the first order of business after assuming office following the next November 's White House vote .
`` If I am elected president , I have pledged on the very first day in office to rip to shred this catastrophic Iranian nuclear deal , '' they said of Obama 's landmark foreign policy achievement .
Ted Cruz ( Photo : MCT )
Cruz asserted that Obama 's former secretary of state Hillary Clinton , who is running to succeed their ex-boss in the White House , would be equally catastrophic were they to become America 's next commander-in-chief .
`` If you vote for Hillary Clinton , you are voting for the Ayatollah Khamenei to have nuclear weapons , '' they said , in remarks echoed by their fellow Republican presidential contenders .
Cruz joined with Rubio in declaring that if elected president , they would move Washington 's embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .
Lindsey Graham , a US senator from South Carolina and former military attorney , joked that as president `` I may have the first all-Jewish cabinet in America . ''
On a serious note , they insisted that on the topic of defense of Israel , their bona fides were second to none .
`` ISIL will be destroyed , Iran will be defanged , '' under their administration , the senator proclaimed .
Michael Leventoff , a New York business person and member of the Republican Jewish Coalition , said Trump questioning Israel 's commitment to the peace process is another example of them `` just getting it wrong . ''
`` There 's plenty of evidence of Israel 's repeated attempts at peace , '' they said . `` This is exactly why Trump is what I like to call a brilliant idiot . They should know better , and probably does . ''
While there was no chance Thursday for the candidates to interact with Adelson , who is on a personal trip , many candidates already have met with him .
Each of the candidates is strong on the issues that concern Adelson the most , chief among them protection of Israel , said their political adviser , Andy Abboud .
The US , Canada and Mexico are expected to finalize a joint bid to host the 2026 World Cup by the end of the year , according to comments made by CONCACAF president Victor Montagliani to The Guardian on Thursday .
“ Canada , the US and Mexico are aiming for a joint bid , the idea has been around for a while , discussions are continuing and it is a very exciting proposition if it comes to fruition , ” Montagliani told The Guardian from Aruba , where CONCACAF will hold its annual congress on Saturday . “ We have had nothing but positive remarks about it and it is a very strong sign of what football can do to bring countries together . ”
Montagliani said that each of the three countries would have the infrastructure to host the tournament on its own , but that a joint bid would be “ a fit ” with FIFA 's new , 48-country format for the 2026 tournament .
FIFA announced last year a new process for bidding to host the 2026 World Cup , with countries able to submit their bids from June 2017 through December 2018 . FIFA will evaluate each bid from January 2019 to February 2020 before making their final decision at the FIFA congress in May 2020 .
No CONCACAF country has hosted the World Cup since the US held the tournament in 1994 . That World Cup served as something of a launching pad for MLS , with eight of the nine markets that hosted matches – Bay Area , Boston , Chicago , Dallas , LA , New York , Orlando and Washington – eventually becoming home to an MLS team . Detroit is the only market that hosted a 1994 World Cup match that does n't currently have an MLS team , though a group from the city formally applied for MLS expansion in January .
An ancient , 3-foot-tall ( 0.9 meters ) human whose diminutive stature has earned it the nickname `` hobbit '' has puzzled evolutionary scientists since its little bones were discovered on the Indonesian island of Flores . Some have suggested the individual was a Homo sapiens with some miniaturizing disorder .
Now , teeth from the hobbit suggest it belonged to a unique species rather than a modern human with a growth disorder . The new research also suggests hobbits may share a direct ancestor with modern humans .
The 18,000-year-old fossil remains of the hobbit were discovered in 2003 . Since then , scientists have suggested that the hobbit , which had a brain about the size of a grapefruit , was a unique branch of the human lineage Homo , dubbed Homo floresiensis . However , other researchers have argued the hobbit was really a modern human with microcephaly , a condition that leads to an abnormally small head , a small body and some mental retardation . [ Real-Life Hobbit : See Photos of Homo floresiensis ]
To learn more about the hobbit , scientists have now performed the first comprehensive analysis of the ancient human 's teeth . The researchers compared the 40 known hobbit teeth with those from 490 modern humans from Asia , Oceania , Africa and Europe , as well as from a variety of extinct hominins , such as Homo habilis , which is suspected to be among the first makers of stone tools . ( Hominins consist of humans and their relatives dating after the split from the chimpanzee lineage . )
The researchers found hobbit teeth were as small as those from short modern humans . However , other features of these teeth looked completely dissimilar from those of modern humans .
The hobbit teeth displayed a unique mosaic of primitive traits seen in early hominins mixed with more-advanced traits seen in later hominins , the researchers said . For instance , the canine and premolar teeth looked primitive , whereas the molar teeth looked advanced , or as if they had emerged later in the evolution of Homo sapiens , the scientists said .
These findings contradict earlier claims that hobbits possessed teeth entirely like those of modern humans . The results also suggest hobbits were not just modern humans with severe abnormalities , the researchers said .
The researchers found that the hobbit 's primitive dental features are most similar to specimens of Homo erectus , the earliest undisputed ancestor of modern humans , from the Indonesian island of Java . However , H. erectus was about as tall as modern humans . The scientists suggest that on isolated islands , the ancestors of the hobbit underwent dramatic dwarfism , with their bodies shrinking from about 5.4 feet ( 1.65 m ) to 3.6 feet ( 1.1 m ) , and brains dwindling from about 52 cubic inches ( 860 cubic centimeters ) to 26 cubic inches ( 426 cubic cm ) .
`` For me , this work will turn the tide about the question of evolutionary origin of H. floresiensis , '' study lead author Yousuke Kaifu , a paleoanthropologist at Japan 's National Museum of Nature and Science in Tokyo , told Live Science .
While the human lineage generally evolved larger bodies and brains over time , the hobbit suggests that isolation on islands could substantially reverse this evolutionary trend , Kaifu said .
The scientists detailed their findings online Nov. 18 in the journal PLOS ONE .
Copyright 2015 LiveScience , a Purch company . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Aug 14 , 2015 Ξ Comments are off
The Miss Hercules pageant near Oakland , California accepted the first transgender contender for this year 's competition , sending an unprecedented message of openness , reports ABS-CBN News .
15-year-old Brandon Sooksampan , who is of Laotian descent , hopes their participation will bring awareness of the trans community . They also look up to Caitlyn Jenner and Geena Rocero as role models .
Filipino American Richard White , president of the Miss Hercules Organization , said they were surprised to see Sooksampan 's application , but welcomed it .
“ Everybody said why not ? ” said White . “ If the Miss Universe Organization accepts transgenders ; if the Olympics accepts transgenders ; the NCAA , and the Girl Scouts of America accept transgenders – why ca n't we ? ”
You can read some comments from Sooksampan about why they are running and reaction from their mother in ABS-CBN News .
Want more hot BPR News stories ? Sign up for our morning blast HERE
GOP voters no longer want House Speaker Paul Ryan representing them as the face of the Republican Party .
In a brand-new poll out today by NBC News , some 58 percent of republican voters want GOP presumptive nominee Donald Trump to lead the party , as opposed to only 39 percent who said they trust Ryan to be the leader of the party .
While nearly six in 10 republicans say they want Trump to be the face of the new GOP , Ryan has slowly come around to the New York business person .
Just last week , there was a media circus surrounding a meeting between Trump and GOP party leaders , including Ryan . Afterwards , Ryan said it would take them time , but that they would eventually support Trump against Hillary Clinton in the presidential general election .
Sign up for our morning blast HERE
An Austrian green party politician is claiming the American secret service NSA had a particular interest in the Netherlands and that it was top of a NSA priority list .
Peter Pilz said on Monday they planned to take legal action against Deutsche Telekom for tapping internet connections in Austria and the Netherlands on the NSA 's behalf . They claim to have the list showing the NSA 's priorities in their possession .
On Tuesday Pilz held a news conference to give further details about their claims and the networks which they say the Americans were listening in to . This , they say , includes internet connections running from Amsterdam to Luxemburg and includes the massive De-Cix internet hub in Frankfurt .
Dutch home affairs minister Ronald Plasterk said on Tuesday afternoon they would ask the Dutch security services to look into the claims . It would be ‘ unacceptable ' for a foreign power to listen in to Dutch internet traffic , the minister is quoted as saying by the Volkskrant .
We all know about parasites , like tapeworms that can get into our intestines if we eat infected undercooked meat . There are many types of parasitic worms , including flatworms and roundworms , and they can all make humans sick .
But there 's one infection by a parasitic worm that , worldwide , makes more people ill than malaria , and yet hardly anybody has ever heard of it . It 's called strongyloidiasis , and estimates suggest up to 60 % of Indigenous Australians in some communities carry the infection .
What is it ?
Strongyloidiasis is an infection caused by a parasitic worm called Strongyloides stercoralis ( S. stercoralis ) , which infects the gastrointestinal system ( stomach , intestines and other digestive organs ) . Worldwide , it infects an estimated 370 million people , making it more common than malaria . But so few people are aware of it that it has been described as the most neglected of all neglected diseases .
Read more : Health check : the low-down on 'worms ' and how to get rid of them
Strongyloidiasis is generally considered a disease of developing countries , but we also see it in economically disadvantaged areas in the US , Asia and Europe . In Australia , the worm can infect anyone , but is most common in Indigenous Australian communities , refugees , returning overseas travellers and Vietnam veterans .
Estimates suggest the prevalence of infection in Indigenous Australian communities is 35-60 % . Yet the true incidence in Australia could be much higher as the infection is difficult to detect , is often not tested for and is not a nationally notifiable disease . This means there is no centralised record of cases .
How can you get infected ?
from shutterstock.com
You can be infected with the worm by coming into contact with contaminated soil or faeces . The way it gets into your intestine is quite a process . First it enters your body through skin , normally the feet . From there it makes its way into the bloodstream and then the lungs . It is then coughed up and swallowed , which is how it ends up in the small intestine . It can live there for decades .
Infection can be undetected for many years . Patients can show no symptoms or suffer vague ones like weight loss , indigestion , abdominal cramps , diarrhoea , coughing , wheezing or a rash like hives on the buttocks or waist . Diagnosis can be confirmed by detecting the worm in a stool sample or looking for antibodies ( which means the immune system has developed proteins to fight the infection ) in a blood sample .
However , the detection methods are not foolproof . Stool sample analysis can result in false negatives because the worms can move into the faeces at different times . And blood tests can result in false positives due to the detection method reacting to other proteins and mistaking them for Strongyloides .
If infection goes undiagnosed and your immune system becomes compromised , or you are given steroids which suppress the immune response , the parasite can enter new phases of infection . These are hyperinfection or dissemination .
Hyperinfection is when the worm reproduces rapidly . The result is an enormous number of worms , which is often deadly .
Dissemination is when the worms spread throughout the body . This is almost always fatal as the gut bacteria carried by the worm are moved into other organs , causing massive infection .
How is it treated ?
If diagnosed correctly , the infection can be treated by a drug called ivermectin , which is typically used against parasitic worms and other parasites including scabies . However , if one worm remains , it can reproduce ( asexually ) , causing reinfection . Also , you do not develop immunity to the worm , so you can be immediately reinfected once the drug has left your system .
from shutterstock.com
The biggest issue with drug treatment is that we have already started to see ivermectin-resistant Strongyloides in sheep and horses . Another drug family , called benzimidazoles , is sometimes used against human Strongyloides , but we 've also seen resistance to this in infected animals .
Mass drug administration of ivermectin has been successful in significantly reducing the number of infected people in some communities in Australia . However , its roll-out has been patchy . Also reinfection can occur , suggesting the environmental part of the Strongyloides lifecycle plays an important role .
Controlling the environment
Very little is known about how the worm survives outside a host and little has been done to try to control it in the environment . The worm can reproduce once outside a host , but we do n't know how long it can survive in the environment , although it is thought to be quite a while .
The worm 's survival in the environment explains the prevalence of strongyloidiasis in low socioeconomic areas . Poor infrastructure , living conditions and sanitation result in contaminated soil and water where the worm can live and cause infection .
Read more : Why the housing shortage exacerbates scabies in Indigenous communities
We must start targeting Strongyloides control in the environment and reduce our reliance on drugs . If human Strongyloides becomes resistant to ivermectin , the consequences could be devastating . However , the biggest challenge in fighting this disease is that many people have not even heard of the Strongyloides worm .
Earlier today , three police officers were gunned down by a trio of suspects in Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
One suspect was killed by the authorities and the two others are still at large .
And on the same day , a police officer was ambushed in their squad car in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
In a news conference , Assistant Police Chief William Jessup explained what happened :
Officers responded to that location shortly before 2:00 AM for a call of a domestic violence incident . As officers were about to leave the scene , discovering that the suspect was not on the scene , an officer seated in their squad car was attacked viciously by a suspect who fired multiple rounds into the squad car striking the officer multiple times .
Fortunately , they survived the attack . The officer , whose name has n't been released to the public , is being treated for multiple gunshot wounds at the hospital .
As for the suspect , they were found dead nearby . The reported cause of death : Suicide .
In light of the ambush attack on the officer , the Milwaukee Police Association revealed some details about them via Facebook :
Officer injured/ambushed We [ MPD/MPA ] are truly blessed today . The officer that was seriously injured late… Posted by Milwaukee Police Association on Sunday , July 17 , 2016
Their message reads , in part :
Officer injured/ambushed We [ MPD/MPA ] are truly blessed today . The officer that was seriously injured late night/early this morning , is a good cop that has pledged themselves to service of community ; in-fact , was engaged in sworn duty at the time they were brutally attacked . This officer , like many others , risk their lives each and every day so that we may have a safer city… and certainly so we may sleep through the night uninterrupted . Tonight that was n't the case . This COP is also a husband , father and a child of loving parents ; they did not sleep through the night , rather they were awoken to the unknown . I saw the pain and concern in the parents faces , as well as that of the officer 's bride . I also felt the absolute terror that obviously was haunting Mrs. COP . This incident will soon be forgotten by the community , however for the family of the officer , and they himself , this night will replay… replay . I truly believe , collectively from our officers – they give more than they will ever receive .
The officer 's injuries are not life-threatening but they are serious . They have served as a police officer for thirteen years .
I spent the majority of last week looking on as Maybelline and Redken 's dream teams prepared models for each of the 30 runway shows backstage at Toronto 's World MasterCard Fashion Week . Within an hour a model could be transformed into three different looks . It was amazing how well-run backstage was this year . Designers commented on how relaxing it was to know their models were in such good hands .
Maybelline 's makeup team was led by Lead Makeup Artist Grace Lee , who was the true star of backstage . You could see them messing around , taking silly selfies with Erin Wasson , chatting with the dozens of beauty writers trying to get a quote , and expertly directing them team .
Redken 's hair team had Jorge Joao , the Lead Artist and Stylist for the week . Imagine having to assemble and take apart 30 hairstyles ? It was no easy task , but their team members from salons all over Ontario told me that Jorge had everything so well-organized that each look went off without a hitch .
And taking care of the nails all week was Essie 's team led by Rita Remark . They created trendsetting looks for each show on false nails that the models could remove the minute they walked off the runway and have a new set on for the next show in minutes . It was all pretty impressive .
The backstage Maybelline media lounge was a saving grace . Fresh cookies and coffees were available 24/7 . You ca n't make it through 5 days and 30 shows without that much sugar ! Seeing all my fave beauty editors and bloggers is always a highlight . Catching up with all the gals is one of the perks of Fashion Week .
While the shows take place on the runway , the real action is backstage . Here are some of my favourite backstage shots of the week :
Photo Credit : Jake Rosenberg , The Coveteur
Over the past several weeks , I too have been following the unfolding story of the latest Gox problems , from the outside . I was one of the earliest critics of Mt.Gox , calling on people to abandon the exchange in April of 2013 during one of their previous ( of several ) self-induced meltdowns
In April of 2013 I said :
“ Magic The Gathering Online Exchange is a systemic risk to bitcoin , a death trap for traders and a business run by the clueless. ” https : //bitcointalk.org/index.php ? topic=172991.msg1801451 # msg1801451
That same week , I participated in a podcast for LetsTalkBitcoin where we advised customers of Gox to leave and never trust that exchange again with their funds .
April 2013 was also the last time I did business with Mt.Gox , moving all my funds to blockchain.info which allowed me to maintain control of my keys without the possibility of theft from or by the site operator .
Since then I have made repeated public statements advising people to avoid Gox and commenting on their latest mess ( USD withdrawals , lag , DDoS etc ) .
Approximately two weeks ago , Gox claimed that Transaction Malleability “ a bug in bitcoin ” , which was known since 2011 , was forcing them to suspend withdrawals . I publicly excoriated Gox 's incompetent and clownish management and disputed their claim that their problems were due to a “ bug in bitcoin ” .
A few days later , a bot started using Tx-Mal as a broad DoS attack against all exchanges , aiming to uncover if other exchanges were vulnerable . In response , some exchanges temporarily suspended withdrawals to investigate their implementations and confirm they were robust . I was part of the team helping to coordinate between the other exchanges to ensure that they could quickly resume operations which they did no more than 48 hours later . Some exchanges were in fact completely unaffected , revealing as false Gox 's claims that this was a bug in bitcoin .
Blockchain.info staff jumped in to help from the very first moment , even though blockchain.info 's wallet and block explorer were not affected by Tx-Mal . While I offered coordination and assistance with the media response , blockchain.info staff developed a new API on blockchain.info to present a partial transaction ID ( NTXID ) solution developed by core developer “ ” sipa ” , based on the immutable inputs of at transaction . We offered that on blockchain.info as an independent location to look up and verify transactions with by ntxid . During this time , Mark Karpeles was active on the forums and developer boards and appeared to be implementing fixes to Gox software to address Tx-Mal . This solution helped many exchanges accelerate their technical fixes to their infrastructure and between this and other industry efforts , all the other exchanges resumed normal operations in less than 48hrs . I am very proud of the role blockchain.info team played in providing technical asisstance to many across the bitcoin industry at a time of crisis .
As I watched Karpeles post updates on public channels ( like # bitcoin-dev on IRC ) about the NTXID solution , I became more optimistic that a technical solution to Gox 's code problems was imminent . As we started seeing Gox transactions posted on the public blockchain ledger , as reported on reddit and other sites , it appeared to me as if Gox might recover from their latest mess . During this entire time , I had no information about Gox 's financial state other than what Mark Karpeles posted publicly . I do n't know Mark Karpeles personally and I do n't think I have ever met them or communicated with them directly .
At this point I felt bittersweet : I wanted Gox to recover and allow customers to retrieve their funds as quickly as possible . Yet , I knew and had publicly expressed , that the underlying problem would not be fixed : Proven management incompetence , expressed by a variety of massive failures , and their failure to hire a competent security and management team . My primary concern was for the funds of customers trapped on Gox and therefore I kept hoping for the best : a way for people to get out of this horribly mismanaged business .
In interviews , throughout last week , I stated that while I had serious misgivings about the competence of Mt.Gox executives and especially Karpeles , I had not seen any indication of bad faith or fraud in the past two years . Furthermore , Gox had stated publicly that they kept the majority of funds in “ cold storage ” , so I believed that even if the exchange had been defrauded because of their poor implementation of withdrawals-based-on-transaction-ID , the damage would be limited to the “ hot wallet ” .
Yesterday afternoon at approximately 3pm PST , Monday February 24th , I heard unconfirmed reports that Gox was in crisis mode and their funds were mostly , if not entirely , gone . This was the first hint I had of any solvency issues . Less than 30 minutes later , I found a public blog post with a lot more detail here :
http : //two-bit-idiot.tumblr.com/post/77745633839/bitcoins-apocalyptic-moment-mt-gox-may-have-lost
Based on this blog , it appears their “ cold storage ” was not in fact “ cold ” – which is either a stunning misrepresentation of their security or an outright lie . “ Cold storage ” does not “ leak ” . The idea that the funds were stolen , unnoticed , from cold storage , due to Transaction Malleability , strains the credulity of even the most gullible observers .
As I write this , Tuesday Feb 25th at 9:00am PST , I still have no official confirmation and I know nothing beyond what is in that article , but I fear the worst . Everything I see makes me believe that Gox will never recover and that the funds are most likely lost .
I am devastated by the impact this will have on customers of Gox and I am angry at the irresponsible behavior of Mt . Gox and especially Mark Karpeles that will damage the lives of many people .
Even though I read the blog posting about Gox 's problems sooner than most , I did not sell any bitcoin and will not sell any in the coming weeks . I continue to be committed to bitcoin 's future and I am confident that the bitcoin industry and community will add Gox , along-side SilkRoad , as a lesson and move towards the future , stronger .
Last night , I took action to help rebuild some of the trust that this community desperately needs after reports of a massive breach of trust . I spent the evening and into the late night at the offices of Coinbase , reviewing their funds security with my own eyes . They invited me and I volunteered , even though they are a competitor and I have no professional relationship with the company , because they felt that an independent review would quickly put customers at ease . My statement on Coinbase :
http : //aantonops.wpengine.com/2014/02/25/coinbase-review/
We will face a storm of negative media , conflating Gox with bitcoin and hurting the bitcoin community in the short term . First and foremost , we must all be thinking of the people affected by the loss of funds in Gox and I extend my heartfelt sympathy to them all . We must honestly and directly address the concerns of all users and interested parties , emphasizing the difference between a decentralized trusted system ( bitcoin ) and the failures of a single company that did not use the trust mechanisms offered by bitcoin 's blockchain technology .
Gox represents a failure of a poorly managed exchange that had full centralized control of customer funds , in custodial accounts , off the bitcoin blockchain . By keeping the funds off the blockchain , Gox removed the protections of transparency and end-user control and replicated the model of a centralized bank without any of the controls and oversight such institutions require .
There is a better way : bitcoin companies can maintain customer funds on the bitcoin blockchain with full transparency and accountability . We can offer client-side key-management solutions that put full control in the hands of the customers and remove them from the control of custodians , be they exchange , markets or web-wallets . If a bitcoin company keeps custodial access to customer funds ( holds their keys ) , then they can and must offer cryptographic-proof of solvency through the blockchain .
I will continue to work tirelessly with the rest of the industry to build trustworthy , transparent , decentralized and cryptographically provable solutions that protect customer funds and allow them to retain full control .
We must all draw hard lessons from this experience and use them to make our community stronger . A few individuals can not nullify the positive and inspiring work of thousands .
I continue to believe in this community , full of hope , innovation and creativity and acting in good faith to promote this incredibly important technology that can improve the lives of billions .
Andreas M. Antonopoulos
Anarchy Comics : The Complete Collection , edited by Jay Kinney , 223 pages , PM Press , $ 20 .
Anarchy Comics had an anarchic publishing schedule , the magazine 's four issues appearing at irregular intervals from 1978 to 1987 . The first three editions were compiled by the cartoonist and journalist Jay Kinney , the fourth by their frequent collaborator Paul Mavrides . Several celebrated artists contributed to the comic book over the years , including Clifford Harper , Melinda Gebbie , and Spain Rodriguez , among others . Their efforts hit a wide range of tones , by turns realistic and fantastic , solemn and irreverent .
Now those four issues have been assembled in PM Press ' Anarchy Comics : The Complete Collection , along with various out-takes and ephemera . The strips anthologized here include straightforward stories about anarchist history , cartoons mocking Marxist sectarians , illustrated anti-authoritarian essays , and odd little vignettes that are hard to classify . ( The latter include a page by Gilbert Shelton , creator of The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers , proposing an alternate set of highways they call `` free zones , '' where all traffic laws—indeed , all laws of any kind—are suspended . ) The left gets spoofed a lot , but it is n't being spoofed from afar : Just about all the artists and writers come from , or at least have a foot in , the left side of the anarchist spectrum .
Some of the material is basically filler , but there is compelling work here too . Harper , for example , contributes a stark adaptation of Pierre-Joseph Proudhon 's famous definition of government—the one that features the words `` To be governed is to be watched , inspected , spied on , regulated , indoctrinated , preached at , controlled , ruled , censored by persons who have neither wisdom nor virtue . ''
If that were all that Anarchy Comics had to offer , I might recommend the anthology to friends with an interest in alternative comics or the radical press , but I probably would n't take the time to write a review . But there 's something else here , too : a series of stories by Kinney and Mavrides that are among the funniest satires of the '70s and '80s , elevating the anthology from interesting to essential . These strips mock everybody , anarchists emphatically included , in a manner that resembles the comedy of the Firesign Theater , the Illuminatus ! trilogy , and the Church of the SubGenius . ( With the SubGenii , the similarities are more than just a resemblance . Both Kinney and Mavrides were heavily involved with the mock-church . ) As an underground comic that debuted at the late date of 1978 , Anarchy Comics was caught between the final gasps of the hippie era and the opening blasts of punk . The Kinney/Mavrides stories captured the moment by firing satiric vollies in both directions .
Kinney and Mavrides did n't do a strip together in the first issue , but there was a taste of things to come in Kinney 's five-page feature `` Too Real , '' a collage-comic constructed from clip art and mid-century magazine ads .
It 's a strange , funny , and somewhat free-associative rant that straddles the boundary between earnestness and irony , presenting sincerely held ideas in absurd and self-mocking ways . ( In one panel , a cat announces : `` I am Eleanor Roosevelt with a message from the Vatican ! Introduce maximum autonomy into daily life . Stop . Question authority . Stop . Buy food in bulk . Stop . This has been a recording . '' ) The story had the additional effect of allowing a comic produced by Last Gasp Press , a publisher associated with hippie humor , to lead off with almost half a dozen pages that adopt the aesthetic of a punk-rock flier .
That was a nice setup for the magazine 's first Kinney/Mavrides collaboration . `` Kultur Dokuments , '' published in the second issue , is really two tales in one . The framing story involves a generic town whose people are rendered as almost-identical pictograms—except for the local LaRouchies and Leninists , who are rendered in the style of the Bizarro World characters in an old Superman comic . The picto people ignore the Bizarros picketing their workplace and instead start their own revolt by `` seiz [ ing ] control of our graphic style , '' morphing themselves into individualized drawings that range from Tintin to a talking dog . The metaphor here is n't hard to decipher .
The Pictos and Bizarros are funny , but they are n't what makes `` Kultur Dokuments '' so memorable . In the middle of the strip , drawn in an entirely different style , there 's a sizable story within the story : an Archie Comics parody in which Archie and Jughead are transformed into Anarchie and Ludehead , a couple of obnoxious punks rebelling against the even-more-obnoxious mellow California counterculture .
At one point , the cartoonists reenact the '60s cliché of a car full of rednecks hurling beer cans at some longhairs . Only this time the beer gets thrown at the punk rock kids , and the people throwing the brew are , well ...
For those of you who have n't been exposed to many underground comics , those three hairy dudes in the car are the Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers , some of the best-known characters to come out of the hippie comic-book world . When I originally read this story in the '80s , I took their appearance here as a jab at the older feature , but in fact it 's practically a licensed cross-over : Mavrides had just joined the Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers production team .
The hippie/punk split moves to center stage in the third issue , with a Kinney/Mavrides story called `` No Exit . '' The protagonist of this piece , published in 1981 , is a punk singer and self-proclaimed anarchist called J-P who gets murdered by their own fans when they take their lyrics too literally ( `` Kill the land and kill the sea ! /Kill yourselves or kill me ! '' ) . They are cryonically preserved , and when they are reanimated 3,000 years later they learn that the anarchist revolution has finally won . But while J-P 's anarchism is nothing more than punk nihilism , the anarchotopia of the future is about as far from punk as you can get , combining New Age fantasies ( `` I 'm getting a telepathic message from the dolphins up on their L5 space colony ! `` ) , political correctness ( `` There 's no more ageism ! There 's no more shapeism ! There 's no more sizeism ! `` ) , and the dreariest direct democracy imaginable :
Buy Photo Soccer star Carli Lloyd , of Delran , speaks during a special tribute to them held at The Mansion on Main Street in Voorhees and organized by the Medford Strikers and Universal Soccer Academy on Sunday , July 19 , 2015 . `` Today has been the first time in two weeks that everything has sunk in , '' they said . ( Photo : Tracie Van Auken for the COURIER-POST ) Buy Photo Story Highlights Medford Strikers and Universal Soccer Academy gives Carli Lloyd touching tribute at The Mansion in Voorhees
VOORHEES – Although Carli Lloyd was cool and composed on the big stage of the World Cup , scoring three goals for the United States women 's soccer team in the gold medal win over Japan , they broke into tears when standing behind a podium Sunday during a tribute in their honor .
“ I do n't usually cry , ” Lloyd said , taking a deep breath . “ This has topped everything . ( Sunday ) is the first time in two weeks that everything has sunk in . ”
The former Delran High School star and their USA teammates have been the toast of the country since winning the World Cup on July 5 , including a ticker-tape parade down the Canyon of Heroes in front of tens of thousands in New York City .
“ I have n't had much sleep the last two weeks , I 've been running on fumes , it 's been a whirlwind , ” Lloyd told the adoring crowd of 250 family and friends as well as youth players from the Medford Strikers and Universal Soccer Academy and their parents at The Mansion on Main Street in Voorhees .
“ I really looked forward to being here . This is my life . This is my home . ”
The two-hour tribute included video of Lloyd 's hat trick in the 5-2 triumph over defending champion Japan . Each goal was accompanied by cheers . When Lloyd talked after a half-dozen speakers , their genuine goodness and appreciation were obvious by them tears .
“ She really does n't cry , ” said Kathy Sweet , who was a teammate with Lloyd at Delran . “ That was surprising . I think it was overwhelming for them This is when it hit her . ”
James Galanis , who has been Lloyd 's personal trainer for 12 years , understood why the emotion flowed .
“ The most important people in their life were at this event , ” Galanis said . “ The people who have been there for them over the years , the people who have helped shape them and give them the confidence that they could do this were all in this room . ”
The event was hosted by the Medford Strikers and the Universal Soccer Academy .
“ She is driven , but they also play to make the people who love them happy , ” Galanis said .
Galanis ' 9-year-old son , Preston , represented the young players at the Universal Soccer Academy , who Lloyd has touched by their hard work and humility , when they said , “ We love Carli . ”
Taylor Racioppi , 18 , read part of an essay they wrote seven years ago about their “ favorite soccer player of all time . ”
“ She embodies the passion of the game , ” said Racioppi . “ I was privileged to spend a little time training with Carli leading up to the World Cup . ”
Liz Carberry , who is going to Villanova to play this fall , also trained with Lloyd .
“ She was a role model on and off the field , ” Carberry said . “ I thank them for being a player we all can look up to . ”
Chris Fletcher , whose son , Chris , and daughter , Lauren , train at the Universal Soccer Academy , said Lloyd was the hardest-working athlete on the field , was extremely honorable and caring and was always interacting with the kids .
“ The content of their character is matched by their work ethic , ” Fletcher said . “ She is an American hero . ”
John Johnson , Lloyd 's longtime attorney , called their kind , caring , compassionate and respectful .
“ Carli Lloyd embellishes all the characteristics you want in a role model , ” said Johnson , from Medford .
Former Olympian Heather Mitts also cried when talking about Lloyd , who scored the winning goals in the 2008 and '12 Olympic gold medal games .
“ I 'm so proud of Carli , ” Mitts said . “ I know how hard they worked . I never met a teammate who was willing to work harder than Carli .
Galanis echoed everyone 's sentiment on Lloyd 's legendary work ethic .
“ The final was n't won on July 5 when the world was watching Carli , ” they said , “ the final was one when no one was watching . ”
Lloyd , who turned 33 last week , plans to play for another six years . They want to compete in two more Olympics and one more World Cup .
“ I want to be the best player in the world for the rest of my career , ” said Lloyd , the Mental Toughness coach for the Medford Strikers .
Patrick Progar , the president of the Medford Strikers , said they will need to form a “ Carli Celebration Committee ” after they heard them goals .
“ This is where my home is , it is the Universal Soccer Academy players and the Medford Strikers , my friends and family , ” Lloyd said about the tribute . “ Just watching the highlights gave me chills in my arms .
“ It was a fantastic day . I am so thankful . ”
Kevin Callahan ; ( 856 ) 486-2424 ; kcallahan @ GannettNJ.com
Read or Share this story : http : //on.cpsj.com/1Jawy27
`` For too long , Camden has been one of the most dangerous cities in New Jersey , and in America , '' said Governor Chris Christie in their State of the State Address this year . They are n't kidding .
Plagued by drugs , homelessness and poverty , Camden had the highest crime rate in the nation among cities of 75,000 residents or more , according to CQ Press ' City Crime Rankings 2014 , which are based on an analysis of FBI statistics from 2012 .
Last spring , the state transferred the responsibility of policing Camden from the city to the county . It seems to be helping . More officers have been hired and manpower is up about 30 % , according to chief Scott Thomson .
Related : 10 cities people are moving to
`` We 've been able to put more officers in unstable neighborhoods and suppress flagrant crime , '' they said .
Camden recorded 57 homicides in 2013 , down from 67 the year before and violent crime of all types fell 38 % year-over-year in January , according to Thomson .
The U.S. military has been using games for decades to train its troops . Now , for the first time , the Army has set up a project office , just for building and deploying games .
No , the Army is n't about to start handing out copies of Halo 3 to troops , TSJOnline.com notes . “ I have n't seen a game built for the entertainment industry that fills a training gap , ” said
Col. Jack Millar , director of the service 's Training and Doctrine
Command 's ( TRADOC ) Project Office for Gaming , or TPO Gaming . Instead , the new office – part of the Army 's Kansas-based National Simulation
Center – will focus on using videogame graphics to make those dull military simulations more realistic , and better-looking .
TPO Gaming is also starting work on a tool kit that would let soldiers `` build and customize their own training scenarios without waiting for a contractor to do it for them , '' the trade journal notes . `` The Marine Corps has already pioneered this concept with its
Virtual Battlespace 2 , an adaptation of the Armed Assault
first-person-shooter . ''
The game is `` one of the candidates under consideration for the Army tool kit . '' But , by then , it wo n't exactly be cutting edge . The kit may not deploy until as late as 2015 . ( You got ta love those fast-moving military bureaucracies . ) By then , DARPA 's made-to-order sim tool could already be in the works , too .
TPO Gaming is hardly the Army 's first foray into the field . Five years ago , the service developed the America 's Army shoot-em-up , to recruit potential soldiers . The game proved so popular , it became a military training tool .
The Army has also poured millions into the Institute for Creative
Technologies at the University of Southern California , to use Hollywood know-how to develop next-gen sims .
But while some military offices encourage videogame development , others are looking to crack down on the games troops play , TSJOnline observes .
Model of 'The Universe ' left of that of ' Palm Deira ' and below another of 'The World ' in Dubai
`` The Universe '' was a planned artificial archipelago in the shape of the Milky Way and Solar System , that would be built off the coast of Dubai , United Arab Emirates . [ 1 ] The project was announced in January 2008 by the developer Nakheel , which also built the Palm Islands and `` The World '' archipelago . It was stated to be completed sometime between 2023 and 2028 , [ 2 ] but as of 2009 , the project has been placed on hold . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] The dredging companies Van Oord and Jan de Nul , the same companies used for the Palm Islands and The World , [ citation needed ] would create up to 3,000 hectares of land . [ 2 ]
The Universe is to be located between the Palm Jumeirah , The World , the Jumeirah coast , and the Palm Deira . [ 1 ]
Current status [ edit ]
The project was in the planning stages , but was placed on hold in 2009 . [ 3 ] Nakheel 's website continued to list The Universe as a `` future project '' , [ 5 ] however , as of 11 April 2015 it has been removed .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The Universe at Nakheel 's official site
Coordinates :
Argentina lifted its ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men earlier this week , following a more than decade-long campaign by LGBT advocacy groups pushing for blood donation equality in the country .
At a signing ceremony Wednesday , Health Minister Daniel Gollán said the policy change was “ scientifically and technically accurate , ” and based on “ a medical approach that replaces that old concept of ‘ risk groups . ' ”
Argentina can now “ move toward a national blood system that is safe , caring and inclusive , ” they said in a Tuesday statement , per Agence France-Presse .
The country joins a growing minority of nations that has abolished similar blood bans . In countries such as Chile , Mexico , Spain and Italy , blood donors are accessed on individual risk rather than sexual orientation .
LGBT rights groups have applauded Argentina 's decision . According to AFP , activists have been urging the government to lift the ban for 15 years .
“ It is a great joy to be able to take this step toward equality and non-discrimination in one of the last realms that explicitly excluded us from the full enjoyment of our rights , ” Esteban Paulon , president of the Argentine Federation of Lesbians , Gays , Bisexuals and Transgender , said in a statement .
Blood donation bans against men who have had sex with men ( MSM ) are said to exist in about 50 countries , including the United States . Such bans came into prominence at the beginning of the AIDS epidemic amid fear -- and a lack of understanding -- about the virus . As HIV testing has become increasingly accurate and innovative , activists have criticized the exclusion as being both ethically and scientifically unjustifiable .
Several countries , including the U.S. , France , Germany and Belgium , have begun talks about possibly revising their policies .
Earlier this year , the Food and Drug Administration proposed lifting the ban in the U.S. -- at least partially . Under revised FDA guidelines , gay and bisexual men in America would be allowed to donate blood , but only if they 've abstained from sex for a year .
Blood donation equality advocates lauded the FDA announcement . However , many argued that the change does not go far enough .
David Stacy , government affairs director at the Human Rights Campaign , said the proposal was “ a step in the right direction , ” but added that it “ falls far short of a fully acceptable solution because it continues to stigmatize gay and bisexual men . ”
The American Red Cross , the American Association of Blood Banks and the American Medical Association are among the organizations that have called for the abolishment of the blood ban in the U.S .
In 2013 , 86 members of Congress wrote to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to press the agency to reevaluate the outdated policty .
“ We have seen vast advances in blood screening technology , blood donation policy changes in other countries allowing MSM to donate , and opposition from our nation 's blood banks who have called the current ban ‘ medically and scientifically unwarranted . '' the letter said . “ Our current policies turn away healthy , willing donors , even when we face serious blood shortages . ”
In the wake of Argentina 's policy shift , several netizens have taken to Twitter to express the hope that their home countries will sit up and take notice .
Jared Polis ( D-Colo. ) was one of those who weighed in on the decision , tweeting to the FDA : “ Hope you 're watching . ”
Argentina has ended their ban on gay men donating blood ; hope you 're watching @ US_FDA http : //t.co/QODb01us2Q — Jared Polis ( @ jaredpolis ) September 17 , 2015
I 'd love to # BleedForEngland but @ NHSEngland wo n't have my blood . If Argentina can do it , why not us ? — Rob Francisco ( @ livingprocess ) September 20 , 2015
The U.K. and Canada both have restrictions on blood donations by gay and bisexual men . In the U.K. , men have to wait at least a year after having sex with another man before giving blood . In Canada , the wait is five years .
Each year , the first Thursday of May is set aside by federal law as a day for “ people of all faiths to pray for the nation. ” According to their website , the National Day of Prayer “ exists to communicate with every individual the need for personal repentance and prayer , to create appropriate materials , and to mobilize the Christian community to intercede for America 's leaders and its families . ”
In 1988 President Ronald Reagan signed into law the designation of the first Thursday of May as the annual observance of the National Day of Prayer . The first Chair of the Day of Prayer Task Force was Shirley Dobson of Focus on the Family , a conservative Christian organization that lobbies for conservative issues such as creationism , school prayer , opposition to abortion and same-sex marriage , and returning the United States to its supposed Christian roots . “ The Task Force represents a Judeo-Christian expression of the national observance , based on our understanding that this country was birthed in prayer and in reverence for the God of the Bible , ” declares the website .
The Secular Week of Action is designed to coincide with this overt federal endorsement of religious practice and offer a positive alternative both for individuals and secular organizations .
The US Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) has published four applications filed by MasterCard related to its work with blockchain and distributed ledger tech .
The four applications , all published on 24th November , focus specifically on payments and transacting . Steven Charles Davis is listed as the sole inventor on three of the four applications , while the last also names Ashish Raghavendra Tetali as an inventor .
In sum , the proposed patents suggest that MasterCard is at least weighing the question of how blockchain-based digital currencies could be integrated into its own systems . The applications focus on methods and systems for authorizing , processing and securing blockchain-based transactions , with MasterCard arguing that a combination of blockchain and its existing payment technology could be a boon for those making digital payments .
The company wrote in one of its applications :
“ Accordingly , the use of traditional payment networks and payment systems technologies in combination with blockchain currencies may provide consumers and merchants the benefits of the decentralized blockchain while still maintaining security of account information and provide a strong defense against fraud and theft . ”
Publication of the applications comes weeks after the credit card firm released a set of experimental blockchain APIs . Last year , MasterCard gained exposure to the industry by taking part in the funding round for investment firm Digital Currency Group .
MasterCard is far from alone in its pursuit of patents related to digital currencies or blockchain .
Patent application releases over the past few months have suggested a flurry of activity on the patent front among both emerging and established businesses . In recent weeks , the USPTO has published applications from startups including 21 Inc , Blockstream and Digital Asset Holdings , as well as major firms like AT & T and Nasdaq .
Disclosure : MasterCard is an investor in CoinDesk 's parent company , Digital Currency Group .
Image Credit : Atstock Productions / Shutterstock.com
Here you go @ 6abc @ briantaff6abc ( No , I did not film this .. it was already posted on social media . smh ) pic.twitter.com/S0MgmlsoK2
Philadelphia police arrested a man Friday in connection with a spray-painted message on the statue of former Mayor and Police Commissioner Frank Rizzo .
Per Philly.com , the man arrested is 40-years-old . Charges are still pending , but they are expected to be charged with criminal mischief , institutional vandalism and possession of an instrument of crime for spray-painting the statue that stands outside the Municipal Services Building .
The suspect defaced the statue Thursday night with the message “ Black Power ” after calls for its removal following the protests in Charlottesville , VA. Philly.com reports that the statue was egged Wednesday .
Officers responded to a call Thursday around 11 p.m. to a call for “ vandalism in progress ” in front of the Municipal Services Building . On top of the vandalized Rizzo statue at the building , the words “ The Black community should be their own Police ” were written on the steps .
City workers cleaned the statue early Friday morning .
“ The statue is going to come down one way or another , ” Asa Khalif , a member of the Pennsylvania chapter of Black Lives Matter , said via Philly . “ It stands for generational hurt , oppression , injustice , homophobia , anti-blackness . ”
Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @ BreitbartVideo
These are 8 new magical items for Dungeons and Dragons 5th edition . Including one meant for beast familiars or ranger animal companions .
Any and all feedback or comments are welcome .
I have also made the Beithíoch ( Beast Kin ) Race . Its a new race where you gain an animal form to change in and out of at will .
Beithíoch ( Beast Kin ) Race
If your looking for any new races then check out my Half Demon Race . It is a unique race that is high risk but high reward and an interesting roleplaying experience .
Half Demon Race
The new Revised version of the Half Demon is out . If the orginal is n't quite what your looking for then try this one .
Half Demon Revised
If your looking for new beasts then try Beasts : Vol.1-Red Elk with 3 new beasts . It has a wild variant for the forests of your campaign and a riding or war variant for your players to bring with them on their journey .
Beasts : Vol.1-Red Elk
Fenrisulfr , The Unbound is now an option for players and dungeon masters . They have 3 new statblocks and information on the god and their followers . They even have an Unbound form that rivals Tiamat . You can check them out : Norse God : Fenrir ( Monster Stats ) .
Norse God : Fenrir ( Monster Stats )
When you 're 19 and you 've lived through substance abuse , people like to tell you that you 're wise beyond your years . It 's something singer-songwriter Julien Baker gets a lot , especially after people hear their music , which is filled with the sort of pain you expect from someone well beyond their teen years . But Baker thinks everyone is wrong about them They admit to “ having to confront darkness ” in their past , but they like to think of themselves as “ eternally becoming. ” That 's exactly what you hear in their debut album , Sprained Ankle , which Vulture is pleased to stream exclusively ahead of its release this Friday . I contest Baker is not wise beyond their years , but uncannily wise of their years ; their songs are filled with indecision , self-frustration , and uncertain hope .
When I first heard Baker 's music , I thought of Sharon Van Etten , but soon realized Sprained Ankle is more like Bon Iver 's For Emma Forever Ago or the Antlers ' Hospice , two recent classics of catharsis made by accident , out of necessity . Last year , Baker moved away from Memphis to study literature , Spanish , and secondary education at Middle Tennessee State University , leaving behind their band Forrister . With no friends or bandmates , Baker wrote alone about being alone , and the heavy , self-reflective thoughts one has when alone . They recorded demos , which led to them finding a producer and making an album that they thought only their friends back home would hear . Turns out the audience for their grappling with mortality , addiction , and loss of faith was a bit bigger than they imagined — and for good reason : Sprained Ankle will break your heart at least once , you know , if you are prone to such reactions . Stream it below , and read on for our equally candid Q & A with Baker . ( Note : the stream says there are only three songs , but when you press play it will play the whole album . )
Do you think your music is sad ?
I do n't say that it 's sad . I always say ambient , because I have four reverb pedals and three delays that I do n't need . But I 've been told by many a person that it is . They 're like , “ You make sad-bastard music. ” Okay ! I mean , the lyrics are sad . I try to provide an element of positivity if not in the explicitly stated lyrics , in the overall feel , the overall message of the record . I do n't just want to bum people out or be a self-indulgent broken artist trope . Still , it 's also important to just create a realistic , relatable experience . And so the sadness in my music I hope comes across as things that other people can relate to and can feel comforted by , and not “ woe is me. ” “ I went through a breakup – woe is me. ” “ Woe is me , I had a drug habit , and now it 's better . ”
The first lyric of the first single , “ Sprained Ankle , ” is , “ Wish I could write songs about anything other than death. ” It 's a funny thing to lead with , as a sort of mission statement .
They 're not all about dying ! Some of them are about almost dying or being afraid of death or a relationship dying . I remember exactly when I wrote that . I was sitting in my dorm and it was almost a joke with myself . I was just writing these sad , bummer songs , and it was like , What is wrong with me ? Why ca n't I feel better ? I wish I could write about something happy . I wish I could write something other than songs about frickin ' death . What if I just say that lyric in the song ? I texted the lyrics to one of my friends , and they were like , “ I love it ! ” So I kept it and it 's good because it 's an endeavor of mine to write songs about more significant things . I do n't want to dwell on negativity , but you have to confront it . It 's a weird balance to find .
Your song “ Rejoice ” is very raw in its recording , especially the vocals when you scream , “ I think there 's a God and they hear either way when I rejoice and complain . ”
All of the songs were about that specific time , asking God , where are you because there 's suffering – my friends are suffering and the world is suffering – and I feel brokenness and hatred ? I 've finally reached a more peaceful time . I can write these scathing songs or write happy tunes and it 's going to be constant , like there 's somebody there who knows who I am and my faults and are not dissuaded of love by them . I wanted that part to be really intense , because it 's that freeing notion of you have an ability to write songs , you can say whatever you want , and you can literally scream at someone . I 've spent a lot of time as a petulant child , squandering my talents and time – essentially abusing the gift of life . When I realized how absolutely precious life was , I was like , “ Thanks for sustaining me . ”
What made you realize that ?
It 's been a long process . There was a time in my life when I was predisposed to substance abuse and I do n't talk about that a lot , because now all of my friends know me as 100 percent dry-as-a-bone Julien , who 's a grandma , but that 's how I have to be , and that 's okay . I 'm a lot happier . But it took some really serious confrontations . There have been a number of times in my life where I have confronted the very real possibility of bodily harm and injury at the hands of self-destructive behaviors , which were coming out of sadness or feeling alone or feeling like God does n't love me and there is no God watching over me – basically , there 's no one to love me . Well , I do n't even care about my life , so I 'm going to destroy myself and drink and do drugs and put myself in harm 's way intentionally and just hope I should die .
When it was so close to my life actually being taken away from me , I realized , Oh , no , wait , there is so much evidence of God – whatever manifestation , if you want to say Christ or an undivided love . There is so much evidence of positivity in this world , and I could n't allow that to slip away because I 'm so selfish . So I started writing these songs about how sad I was . Through writing this record I came to terms with a lot of the fear and self-hatred and loneliness that I needed to . Now , what 's so cool is that when I go and perform these songs , a lot of times people will message me or talk to me after the show and be like , “ I needed to hear that. ” It 's precisely why I wanted to share this music with people . These are songs are about my actual life . It 's shameful – you feel dirty and gross – but then someone says , “ That 's what I needed to hear , ” and you 're like , “ It was 100 percent worth it . God is real and they love you . ”
So let 's say this starts happening on a larger scale , and you get to play festivals or you get to do TV . Are there any famous people you 'd like to meet ?
Ooooh . I always say this : I love Demi Lovato so much . Them music is great . They write these incredible power-pop anthems . Also when I read interviews with her , on a serious note , she 's really candid about recovery , and that 's so awesome and important . I have a lot of respect for them Also , I 'd love to meet [ MewithoutYou 's ] Aaron Weiss , but I 'm afraid . If I got a chance to meet [ Pedro the Lion 's ] David Bazan or [ Death Cab for Cutie 's ] Ben Gibbard , I would freak out . But at the same time I do n't know if I should . They always say , do n't meet your idols . I 'd also love to meet Taylor Swift . I 'm such a 12-year-old girl . I love 1989 and everyone does .
Funny , I was going to ask you about Taylor Swift …
Taylor Swift is a newfound allegiance of mine . When I started making music , when I was 12 or 13 years old , it was Take This to Your Grave by Fall Out Boy . I would play through those records . I would be like , “ Oh , Taylor Swift is lame , preppy bull crap. ” Every teenager is really loyal to their music scene – especially being punk and hard-core . So my initial reaction to Taylor Swift was , “ This is bubblegum pop nonsense and it 's not important and it does n't have heart. ” Well , that 's not true . For a person to be musically mature , you have to be able to appreciate all genres of music , and be able to listen to songs and find at least one thing you like about it . So I listened to Red and was like , “ You know what ? Objectively , this is a great record . I like Taylor Swift. ” I changed my mind . I became an adult instead of just a kid who was like , “ If it 's not punk , get out of my face ! ” It does n't mean that I still do n't gravitate toward those other genres more . But I do love me some Tay , you know ?
When the news of Matt Lauer 's dismissal from NBC broke , President Trump used it as an opportunity to attack NBC News and network Chairman Andrew Lack .
They tweeted :
Wow , Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “ inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. ” But when will the top executives at NBC & Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News . Check out Andy Lack 's past ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 29 , 2017
This raises many questions , including , is the president investigating news executives and to what end ?
Trump went on , naming MSNBC president Phil Griffin and referring to the 2001 death of an intern to then-Congressman Joe Scarborough :
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin ? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “ unsolved mystery ” that took place in Florida years ago ? Investigate ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 29 , 2017
NBC has been a trusted source of news since it aired the nation 's first television news broadcast in 1939 . The only time I can remember that NBC was accused of putting misinformation on the air was recently when Brian Williams misrepresented their own past . That was dealt with in an appropriate manner and did not affect the actual news they covered .
In my book “ Anchoring American , ” NBC 's Chet Huntley , in response to the Nixon administration , said :
“ Journalists were never intended to be cheerleaders of a society , the conductors of applause , the sycophants . Tragically , that is their role in authoritarian societies , but , not here – not yet . Government , I 've concluded , is now an insufferable jungle of self-serving bureaucrats . ”
What has me concerned is that President Trump appears to want the networks to answer to their standards as opposed to being responsible journalists reporting the news even when its critical of their own words or their administration . That 's their job . This is supposed to be a nation of checks and balances . Without those checks , welcome to 1984 .
ADVERTISEMENT
For the president to attack Andy Lack by name is way out of line . I have followed Andy 's career from the years as a producer of 60 Minutes through both of their tours as president of NBC News . It was Lack who hired Matt Lauer to host the Today Show in 1997 , so it probably was not an easy task to fire him . When the president asks us to investigate Andy 's past what exactly is they referring is they referring to ?
Speaking of “ pasts ” perhaps the president should watch the documentary “ Meet the Trumps ” on Netflix .
Further disturbing is the fact that Trump is blurring the line between news and commentary . Phil Griffin and Joe Scarborough are commentators . They convey their opinions which , last I checked , is protected by the first amendment .
The irony is that the president is attacking the very people who largely control their legacy . It 's apparent the president does not take criticism very well . There would be far less of it if they would focus their attention on impending legislation ( which affects every American ) , North Korea ( that has our country afraid of a nuclear attack ) and the business of running this great country . There is no need to attack the media for doing their job unless it 's a smoke screen to keep our attention off the real crises .
The news will go on long after President Trump leaves office and will continue to be the providers of information to the people . The government has no business meddling in the affairs of the news media . Otherwise , we will we have to revert back to the days when town criers needed protection for yelling out the news of the day , hence the saying “ do n't shoot the messenger. ” If Trump learns that lesson , the whole country will be better off .
Jeff Alan is an Emmy Award-winning journalist and author of two books , “ Anchoring America ” and “ Responsible Journalism. ” Their career spans more than 40 years and includes work as a television anchor or news director in five metropolitan markets and as a media analyst for NBC and CNN .
PHOENIX—With their Suns season over and a new team likely in the future for free agent Steve Nash , the Canadian point guard spent an emotional final day with their American host family , the Berkleys , Sunday . `` Steve has been such a joy to have around , so polite and such a great role model for [ our son ] Ben , '' said Lisa Berkley , Nash 's host mother , who Nash claimed makes the best mac and cheese he 's ever tasted . `` He struggled to adjust a bit at first—there were a lot of tears that first year—but eventually people stopped picking on them and they really became part of the family . I 'm going to miss driving them to practice every morning . '' Nash , who will be returning to their home country for the summer , said they expect to find hosts in another city in time for next season , adding that they hope their next family lets them stay up just as late playing Xbox 360 as the Berkleys did .
Advertisement
Several Fatah leaders , in fact , often speak in English about the need for reviving the peace process , while in Arabic they praise and endorse the Fatah gunmen .
The Palestinian Authority leadership has never distanced itself from the rhetoric and actions of these groups . Fatah 's militias will be the first to reject any peace agreement that includes the slightest concession to Israel .
The international community and the media often ignore the fact that Mahmoud Abbas 's Fatah has a number of armed groups . Their fight is to destroy Israel , eliminate the `` Zionist entity '' and achieve the `` right of return '' for millions of descendants of refugees .
Many in the international community often refer to the Palestinian Fatah faction , which is headed by Palestinian Authority ( PA ) President Mahmoud Abbas , as a `` moderate '' group that believes in Israel 's right to exist and the two-state solution .
What these people do not know is that Fatah , the largest faction of the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) , consists of several groups that hold different views than those expressed by Abbas and other English-speaking Fatah officials .
Some of these Fatah groups do not believe in Israel 's right to exist and continue to talk about the `` armed struggle '' as the only way to `` liberate Palestine and restore Palestinian national rights . ''
One of these groups is called The Aqsa Martyrs Brigade - El Amoudi Brigade .
The Aqsa Martyrs Brigades is Fatah 's armed wing , established shortly after the beginning of the second intifada in September 2000 . Although the Palestinian Authority leadership maintains that the group has been dissolved and its members recruited into its security forces , scores of gunmen continue to operate freely in Palestinian villages and refugee camps in the West Bank .
Based in the Gaza Strip , the El Amoudi Brigade , which consists of dozens of Fatah gunmen , is named after Nidal El Amoudi , a top Fatah operative killed by the Israel Defense Forces on January 13 , 2008 , after they carried out a series of armed attacks against Israeli civilians and soldiers during the second intifada .
During the last war in the Gaza Strip between Israel and Hamas ( `` Operation Protective Edge '' ) , the El Amoudi Brigade claimed responsibility for firing dozens of rockets at Israeli cities and IDF soldiers .
Sources in the Gaza Strip claim that many of the group 's members are former security officers , still on the payroll of the PA. Other sources claim that the group is funded by ousted Fatah official Mohamed Dahlan , who is currently based in the United Arab Emirates , and the Lebanese Shiite terror group Hezbollah .
It is worth noting that the Palestinian Authority leadership has never distanced itself from the El Amoudi Brigade 's rhetoric and actions .
In addition to an official website , Fatah 's El Amoudi Brigade regularly issues threats to pursue the armed struggle against , and destroy , Israel . Last week , the group posted a video with a message to the `` Israeli enemy '' on the 67th anniversary of the creation of Israel -- which Palestinians refer to as `` Nakba Day '' ( Day of Catastrophe ) .
Entitled , `` A Message to the Israeli People '' and accompanied by Hebrew subtitles , the video declares that the `` battle for the liberation ( of Palestine ) was closer than ever , '' and warns Israelis : `` Our Nakba ( catastrophe ) is unforgettable ; soon you will have to leave because you have no other choice . ''
The Fatah video shows the group 's members during military training in the Gaza Strip , in preparation for the next battle against Israel . `` We have prepared the best soldiers , '' says the song in the background .
In a separate statement on the same occasion , the Fatah group emphasizes that the `` armed struggle '' against Israel `` is the only means to liberate Palestine . '' It also stresses that the `` right of return '' for Palestinian refugees to their former homes inside Israel can not be compromised and is non-negotiable . `` Our people reject all alternative options to the right of return , '' the statement read , repeatedly referring to Israel as the `` Zionist enemy . ''
Elsewhere , the Fatah group boasts that its men have been able to manufacture a new 12-kilometer range rocket called 107 that was used against IDF tanks and soldiers during the last war in the Gaza Strip .
The El Amoudi Brigade is not the only armed Fatah militia operating in the West Bank and Gaza Strip . Another significant group in the Gaza Strip , which also participated in the last war against Israel , is called the Martyr Abdel Qader Hossaini Brigade . Like its sister group , El Amoudi Brigade , the Martyr Abdel Qader Hossaini militia also supports the armed struggle against the `` Zionist enemy . ''
A third major Fatah terror group is called the Abu al-Rish Brigades , which has been responsible for many terrorist attacks against Israel and the kidnapping of foreigners in the Gaza Strip . The gang , which describes itself as the `` military wing of Fatah , '' also refers to Israel as the `` Zionist enemy '' and claims to have participated alongside Hamas in the last war in the Gaza Strip .
Gunmen from Fatah 's Abu al-Rish Brigades , which describes itself as the `` military wing of Fatah , '' appear in a September 2014 propaganda video .
The international community and the media often ignore the fact that Fatah has a number of armed groups that are still openly dedicated to the `` armed struggle '' and terrorism as a way of `` liberating Palestine . '' They also ignore that `` moderate '' Fatah leaders who speak in favor of peace and the two-state solution do not distance themselves from these groups . Several Fatah leaders , in fact , often speak in English about the need for reviving the peace process , while in Arabic they praise and endorse the Fatah gunmen .
The presence of armed Fatah gangs in the West Bank and Gaza Strip is a sign of the huge challenges that any Palestinian leader would face if and when the Palestinians and Israel reach a peace agreement . Obviously , these Fatah groups will be the first to reject any peace agreement that includes the slightest concession to Israel . Some of these groups are opposed in principle to peace with Israel because they simply do not recognize Israel 's right to exist .
This is something that the international community -- first and foremost the U.S. -- needs to take into consideration when dealing with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Decision-makers need to know that opposition to peace with Israel will come not only from Hamas , but also from many groups within Fatah . As the armed groups themselves indicate , their fight is to eliminate `` Zionist enemy '' and achieve the `` right of return '' for millions of descendants of refugees to their former homes inside Israel .
Meanwhile , Abbas and other Fatah leaders , who are fully aware of the actions and threats of their loyalists , are doing their utmost to stop the world from hearing what the Fatah gunmen have to say about peace and the two-state solution . The question remains : Until when will the international community continue to bury its head in the sand and pretend that Fatah is a unified , moderate and pragmatic group that seeks peace and coexistence with Israel on behalf of all Palestinians ?
There is something called society , or its Indic equivalent- “ Samaaj ” and there is another thing called “ Individuality “ . In today 's times , Samaaj and Individuality are frequently pitted against each other . All political systems- Dictatorships , Democracy , Kingship etc . work for creating/strengthening “ Samaaj ” . A Communist state aims to create an egalitarian Samaaj , a Theocracy works for creating a religiously pure Samaaj , Aristocratic regime tries to create a Samaaj based on rewarding lineage and so on . These movements work towards drowning/curbing the differences amongst people and creating a homogenous Samaaj . Individualist movements on the other hand , work on the differences between people . They emphasize the uniqueness of an individual and aim at creating a fluid system that creates a set of commonly accepted values ( which are flexible ) . As an example , a Khap Panchayat tries to maintain Samaaj 's control , while Feminist/Liberal movements aim at breaking Samaaj 's controls . In an ideal situation , “ Samaajist ” and “ Individualist ” forces must be present in any society and balance each other out so that saner logic may prevail .
Unfortunately , Democracy does n't always create a system which encourages the peaceful coexistence of these two forces . Democracy , especially Liberal democracy , as a system is more supportive of liberal forces at the cost of Samaajist forces . Thus , you have a situation , in which viewpoints of a minority , however , abhorrent they might be , will be proclaimed from loudspeakers , whereas majority viewpoints that uphold the Samaaj will be depicted as regressive or intolerant . The emergence of independent media , that is high on noise but low on content and intellect further propagates the Individualist mindset that amplifies differences . This media therefore acts as a force multiplier for the Individualist cause .
India , as the largest and probably the loudest democracy serves as a very interesting experimentation chamber for the behavior of these 2 forces . A country , born out of partition along religious lines , displayed no appetite for theocracy and whole heartedly embraced democracy . Instead of moulding the Samaaj to create a common cultural identity , politicians identified vote banks who could be exploited to meet their political objectives . These vote banks whether caste based or religion based came in the way of effective integration of differences that should ideally have been subsumed within a larger Samaajik identity . Instead of focussing on commonalities , people focussed on differences- how Caste A had deprived Caste B of its rights , how community X and blasphemed against Community Y 's gods etc . etc . Reprisals followed and the “ Samaaj ” became toxic .
Cut to the present times , Media 's role as the torchbearer of liberal ideas has meant that genuine issues are also portrayed as a battle between liberalism and Conservatism . Minority vs Majority issues are often portrayed in a way to showcase minority issues more favorably . For example , take the case of beef ban , Of the entire population of this country , not more than 20 % would be consuming beef . Of Hindus , specifically , the number might be closer to 90 % . The states that have a history of beef consumption are either in the North East or Kerala . The law banning beef was passed in Maharashtra . It was portrayed as though the country was banning beef , disrespecting the sentiments of the majority of its citizens . Media helped generate toxicity in this case . Take another example , Madrassa education is known to be notorious . Every educated Indian would feel that people , irrespective of religion , must be educated and join the national mainstream . But God forbid , if someone were to even squeak about reforming Madrassas , liberals would be up in arms , wailing about the attack on secularism . A final example , introduction of Vedic mathematics- Everybody knows that it helps students do better at Maths , yet , Media reports continue to lambast it as being “ Hindutva ” agenda .
A modern society needs to be proud of its heritage and confident of its future . A modern society must balance its Samaaj and its liberal ethos . That is the need of the hour . It is easy to mock , judge and misrepresent . It is more difficult to be sane , rational and logical .
Once again , It is elementary , my dear Watson !
Futurama is no stranger to being cancelled , and it unfortunately looks like the axe has fallen yet again — Entertainment Weekly is reporting that Comedy Central has declined to renew the show , making the seventh season the last go for the Planet Express crew ( note : link contains season seven spoilers ) . While the show has a loyal and devoted fanbase , it also has had more ups and downs than most programs experience since its debut on Fox way back in 1999 . Futurama was the victim of erratic scheduling until the plug was finally pulled ( for the first time ) in 2003 .
Comedy Central led the show 's first revival in 2007 after reruns of the Fox episodes on Adult Swim proved popular — four straight-to-DVD movies were released , and each was eventually broken into four individual episodes which comprised the show 's fifth season . The network then gave the show two more 26-episode seasons , each of which was split down the middle , with the final 13-episode run scheduled to begin on June 19th .
`` I think these episodes are the best ones we 've ever done . ''
`` I felt like we were already in the bonus round on these last couple of seasons , so I ca n't say I was devastated by the news , '' executive producer David X. Cohen told EW . Despite Cohen and creator Matt Groening 's acceptance of Futurama 's final fate , both left the door open for yet another revival . The show 's producers said they were exploring options for a new home , but there was nothing serious yet to report . `` We would love to continue . We have many more stories to tell , '' says Groening . `` But if we do n't , this is a really great way to go out ... I think these episodes are the best ones we 've ever done . ''
Please note : The Entertainment Weekly source link contains season seven spoilers , including details on the final episode !
It is time for the FBI to investigate Zakkout and their activities , and for all the groups that provide them an ill-deserved virtuous reputation to recognize them for the threat they pose to the coexistence and `` understanding '' they purport to be promoting .
The question is , then , whether Sofian Zakkout 's attachment to Hamas is `` merely '' emotional , or whether they are an official member of the terrorist organization . All evidence points to the latter .
There is good reason to suspect that a pillar of the Muslim community in South Florida , who sits on the boards of many civil rights groups and charities , is actually a member of Hamas , the terrorist organization ruling the Gaza Strip . Sofian Zakkout , the founding president of the American Muslim Association of North America ( AMANA ) , was born and partly raised in Gaza , which they have referred proudly to as `` my nation , my hometown . ''
Their fondness for their birthplace , however , is not what is worrisome about Zakkout . It is , rather , that they have spent decades cloaking themselves in a veil of respectability , while actively promoting violent Hamas propaganda , including virulently anti-Semitic speech .
To grasp how dubious a character Zakkout is , one need only compare AMANA 's self-described mission – and Zakkout 's positions , for example , in the Florida State Advisory Committee to the United States Commission on Civil Rights , the Florida Regional Interfaith/Interagency Emergency Network in Disaster , the Miami-Dade County Citizen Corps and even the Jewish-Arab Dialogue -- with their activism on behalf of Hamas .
On Amana 's Facebook page , the group , established in 1992 , states :
`` Our mission at AMANA is to make our communities stronger , safer , and best prepared to respond to the danger of Islamophobia and the threats of terrorism , hate crimes , public health issues and disasters of all kinds ( may Allah forbid ) . Our mission is to provide a better understanding of Islam to Muslims and information on Islam and Muslims to non Muslims . Our mission is to build more understanding , more knowledge and respect between the Muslim and non-Muslim communities . `` It is important to work with other community leaders with no exception of race , color , religion and origin hand by hand so that our country the United States of America will be a safer and more secure place to live in . ''
its goal is :
`` to make our communities stronger , safer , and best prepared to respond to the danger of Islamophobia and the threats of terrorism , hate crimes , public health issues and disasters of all kinds ( may Allah forbid ) ... , to provide a better understanding of Islam to Muslims and information on Islam and Muslims to non-Muslims ... , [ and ] to build more understanding , more knowledge and respect between the Muslim and non-Muslim communities . ''
In addition , according to a Harvard University Pluralism Project overview , `` AMANA does not think Muslims have any problem with other religious groups , such as Jews or Christians , but rather appreciates and supports each other . ''
Yet Zakkout 's social media feeds are rife with hate-filled posts against non-Muslims , particularly Jews . Their Facebook page , for instance , is littered with Hamas logos and photos of its operatives and leaders , including arch-terrorist founders Ahmed Yassin and Abdel Aziz al-Rantisi , and deceased bomb-maker Yehiya Ayyash .
Over a picture they shared in February 2015 of Yassin and Rantisi together , Zakkout wrote ( in Arabic ) :
`` It is an obligation to kill those who left our religion . It is an obligation to kill those who fight our religion and to intimidate our enemies and the enemies of the religion . ''
A few months earlier , in August 2014 , Zakkout declared on Facebook , `` Hamas is in my heart and on my head , '' adding that `` America has been contaminated by some Jews . ''
A year before that , in July 2014 , Zakkout organized a pro-Hamas rally outside the Israeli Consulate in Miami . A video of the event shows an elated Zakkout smiling as protesters repeatedly scream , `` We are Hamas ! '' Zakkout then posted photos of the demonstration on Facebook , with the caption : `` Thank God , every day we conquer the American Jews like our conquests over the Jews of Israel ! ''
More recently , in April 2017 , Zakkout posted a graphic of all the Palestinian terrorist factions interlocking arms , around an image of Israel draped in a Palestinian flag -- an image they have also shared several times in the past .
Two months later , in June 2017 , they attacked the Saudi foreign minister -- and their `` Zionist government '' -- for accusing Qatar of supporting Palestinian jihad , waged by Hamas . `` This sucker does n't know we defend the remaining Palestinian lands , '' they wrote . That same month , they posted : `` It is no shame for your enemy [ the Jews ] to enter your homeland by force ... The shame is to let them leave alive . ''
Statements such as these , which incite to violence not only against Jews , but all `` infidels , '' including Muslims who denounce terrorism , run counter to Zakkout 's self-professed peaceful and philanthropic aims `` to build more understanding ... between the Muslim and non-Muslim communities . ''
No matter how abhorrent hypocrisy and love of Hamas may be , however -- especially when exhibited by a respected American community leader -- neither is criminal . Even the definition of incitement on social media is a matter of controversy . It is , nevertheless , illegal in the U.S. to be an active member of Hamas , which was declared a terrorist organization in 1995 by then-President Bill Clinton , and designated as such by the State Department in 1997 .
The question is , then , whether Sofian Zakkout 's attachment to Hamas is `` merely '' emotional , or whether they are an official member of the terrorist organization . All evidence points to the latter .
The question is whether Sofian Zakkout 's attachment to Hamas is `` merely '' emotional , or whether they are an official member of the terrorist organization . Pictured above : Unidentified Hamas gunmen in Gaza City , in 2006 . ( Photo by Abid Katib/Getty Images )
It is time for the FBI to investigate Zakkout and their activities , and for all the groups that provide them an ill-deserved virtuous reputation to recognize them for the threat they pose to the coexistence and `` understanding '' they purport to be promoting .
If it emerges that Zakkout is a member of Hamas , they should not be permitted to continue their pernicious activities in America , while prospering in the process .
The Canadian Press
Surrey , B.C . -- A 101-year-old runner who jogged five kilometres in 40 minutes says Sunday 's Surrey , B.C. , event was too short to break a sweat .
Fauja Singh holds the title of world 's oldest marathon runner , but the British man with family in B.C . was n't aiming to set a personal best in the city 's inaugural marathon .
The event drew more than 2,000 participants and thousands more cheering spectators , including teens who jostled for the man 's autograph and others who hoisted signs that read `` Fauja Rocks ! ''
Singh and four generations of their family ran together , along with Surrey Mayor Dianne Watts .
Publicist Laura Ballance said Singh 's goal was to inspire people of all ages and abilities to get outside and get active .
Singh holds the world record for the men 's over-90 category after running the Toronto marathon in five hours and 40 minutes in 2003 .
A 12-year-old boy was given a shock when a new iPhone 4S in Tesco told them to ‘ shut the f * * * up , you ugly t * * * ' , after the handset had been tampered with by pranksters .
The latest generation of iPhones come equipped with an intelligent software assistant known as Siri that is able to answer a range of questions based on user voice commands .
iPhone 4S ' Siri making a less explicit response ( Pic : Apple )
But one prospective customer was given a rather rude response to a simple question while testing out the new Apple product in Tesco .
Charlie Le Quesne , 12 , asked Siri : ‘ How many people are there in the world ? ' to which they received the response : ‘ Shut the f * * * up , you ugly t * * * . '
Staff at the branch of Tesco in Coventry apologised for the product 's abusive message and said that pranksters had tampered with the phone 's set-up instructions .
The child 's angry mum Kim said : ‘ The phone was a demo version and was low enough on the shelf for Charlie to have a go with it . They asked it a simple question and we could n't believe the filth it came out with .
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘ I thought I must be hearing things . So we asked again and the same four-letter stuff blared out .
‘ I asked for the manager and after staff heard it they agreed to unplug it . '
A spokesperson for Tesco added : ‘ We have launched an investigation . The handset will be going back to Apple for diagnostic tests . '
Apple were recently forced to deny that the virtual assistant is anti-abortion , after Siri would not tell users the location of local clinics .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Cuadrilla boss Francis Egan tells John Moylan why their firm wants to frack for shale gas at Roseacre in Lancashire
Cuadrilla , one of the energy firms hoping to exploit the UK 's shale gas resources , has announced two new exploration sites in Lancashire .
The company says it intends to apply for planning permission to drill and frack at two sites at Roseacre Wood and Little Plumpton near Blackpool .
It said local residents were being consulted on the plans .
A small number of companies are currently exploring for shale gas in locations across the UK .
The British Geological Survey estimates there may be 1,300 trillion cubic feet of shale gas present in the north of England alone .
But fracking is controversial , and campaigners have raised concerns over its environmental impact .
`` The company intends to apply for planning permission to drill , hydraulically fracture and test the flow of gas from up to four exploration wells on each of the sites , '' Cuadrilla said in a statement .
Reporting from one of the new sites , the BBC 's correspondent John Moylan says if the permissions are granted , fracking could begin as early as the first three months of 2015 .
They said the company had claimed a `` positive response on the doorsteps '' after it had been out leafleting local residents .
'Good neighbour '
Francis Egan , Cuadrilla chief executive , said the company had decided to focus on just two sites in Lancashire to reduce the impact on the local area , while allowing it to find out how much gas can be recovered from the ground below .
`` We 're committed to being a good neighbour and to talking with the community at every stage of the process , '' they added .
Fracking plans have prompted local protests at other sites .
There are concerns that the process , which involves pumping water , sand and chemicals into rock to force out the gas , could lead to earth tremors or affect water supplies .
Helen Rimmer from Friends of the Earth said : `` These plans will be met by stiff opposition from local people rightly concerned about having the UK 's first attempted multiple-well fracking operation under their feet .
`` Fracking is n't the answer to our energy problems . Experts say it will do little to tackle climate change - and even Cuadrilla has said it wo n't cut energy bills . ''
Cuadrilla said separate applications were being made to install seismic monitoring equipment in Lancashire to monitor the effects of the fracking process .
It is also giving £100,000 to the local community for each well drilled .
'Wild card '
The UK 's nascent shale gas industry is still at the exploration stage .
But energy companies and ministers hope large reserves of shale gas could revolutionise the energy industry as it did in the United States .
Bob Dudley , the chief executive of oil giant BP , told the BBC that shale gas in the US had been a `` wild card '' in the global oil market , helping to keep the oil price flat for the past few years , despite disruption to production in places such as Nigeria and Libya .
Energy Minister Michael Fallon says they expect up to 40 shale gas sites to be drilled in England over the next two years .
Major investors have begun taking an interest in the UK 's shale gas .
Cuadrilla 's latest planned exploration will be partly funded by Centrica - the energy giant behind British Gas . It owns a 25 % stake in Cuadrilla 's operations in the region .
Last month , French company Total also announced it was investing at least $ 21m ( £12.7m ) in UK shale gas exploration .
HARRISON , NJ ( August 16 , 2012 ) – The New York Red Bulls announced today that the club has signed midfielder Lloyd Sam . The 27-year-old will be available for selection pending the receipt of their International Transfer Certificate and P-1 visa .
“ Lloyd has impressed our coaching staff during their trial in New York and we are pleased to sign him , ” said Red Bulls General Manager and Sporting Director Erik Soler . “ He is someone who has good speed and can play a number of roles in our squad . ”
A native of Leeds , England , Sam joins the Red Bulls after most recently featuring for English League One ( third division ) side Notts County . Sam joined the club on loan from Leeds United in March 2012 and scored five goals in 10 appearances , highlighted by a hat trick on April 9 as Notts County knocked off Yeovil Town , 3-1 . From the 2010-11 season until their loan to Notts County , Sam played in 35 matches for Leeds United in England 's Championship , scoring twice .
Sam started their professional career with English side Charlton Athletic , then of the Premier League , in 2003 at the age of 18 . In 2004 , they went on loan to League One side Leyton Orient , appearing in 10 matches . They had two additional loan spells while with Charlton , spending time in 2006 with Championship side Sheffield Wednesday and in 2007 with Southend United . Sam became a fixture in Charlton 's starting lineup beginning with the 2007-08 season in the Championship and continued there until their final season with the club , when Charlton played in League One in 2009-10 . Overall , Sam made 119 appearances for Charlton , scoring six times .
# 10 Lloyd Sam
Position : Midfielder
Height : 5-8
Weight : 163 pounds
Day of Birth : Sept. 27 , 1984 in Leeds , England
Hometown : London , England
Previous Club : Notts County ( England League One )
How Acquired : Signed on Aug. 17 , 2012 .
Memorial Day is gone and so is your trim waistline . You do n't have time to fool around with silly ab routines now . You need something that works .
So how about the best ab exercise known to man ? Or at least to a reputable scientific journal ?
It 's called a combination swiss ball pike and roll-out .
Sounds like a medieval torture device . But it 's actually easy to learn and extremely efficient . In fact , you can probably get a killer ab workout by doing this move fewer than 10 times .
`` If someone was looking at one exercise and wanted to make sure they were getting the most abdominal work done in a way that makes them look better and function better , '' says trainer Nick Tumminello , `` this is the exercise to do . ''
To start the pike/roll-out , simply hold yourself in a pushup position with your feet on a swiss ball . ( To make the exercise easier , move the swiss ball towards your belly button ) With your body in a plank ( straight ) position , keep your legs straight and push your hips towards the ceiling while keeping your back flat . After straightening your hips and coming back to the start position , push your body backwards on the ball until your arms are fully extended in front of you and your legs are fully extended behind you .
Here 's the video , courtesy of Nick Tumminello :
Why does this work so well ? As the Journal of Orthopaedic and Sports Physical Therapy states :
`` The roll-out and pike were the most effective exercises in activating upper and lower rectus abdominis , external and internal obliques , and latissimus dorsi muscles , while minimizing lumbar paraspinals and rectus femoris activity . ''
Translation : The exercise forces your abdominals to work the hardest while your lower back and hip flexors -- areas that can take over in other traditional ab exercises -- are almost completely left out . So while a crunch works your abs but only with help from other areas , the roll-out pike isolates your abs much more effectively .
ThePostGame brings you the most interesting sports stories on the web . Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to read them first !
Remember , this one is n't easy . Do n't expect to get dozens ( or even a dozen ) reps right away .
But if you keep at it , you can expect to get dozens of compliments right away . Or at least by July 4th .
About 50,000 US and S Korean troops are involved in the military exercise North Korea has warned that any attempt to shoot down a satellite it says it plans to launch will result in war . The South and the US believe Pyongyang could be preparing to test-fire a long-range missile under the guise of a satellite launch . The North also says it has put its military on full combat alert as an annual military exercise by US and South Korean forces begins . The official news agency called the manoeuvres a dangerous provocation . On Friday , the North said that the risk of conflict resulting from the drill meant it could no longer guarantee the safety of commercial flights through airspace it controls off the east coast . A number of airlines have already re-routed their flights as a precaution . 'Counter-strikes ' In a statement published by the official Korean Central News Agency on Monday , the Korean People 's Army warned that it was ready to use force against the South , the US and Japan . Shooting our satellite for peaceful purposes will precisely mean a war
North Korean army statement
In pictures : US-South Korea drill `` We will retaliate any act of intercepting our satellite for peaceful purposes with prompt counter-strikes by the most powerful military means , '' it said . `` Shooting our satellite for peaceful purposes will precisely mean a war . '' The army earlier issued a separate statement saying all military personnel had been ordered `` to be fully combat ready '' in order to defend the nation . It described the joint military exercise as `` unprecedented in the number of the aggressor forces involved and in their duration '' . In protest , it has now cut off its remaining military hotline with the South and ordered its 1.2 million-strong army to remain combat ready . The closure of the hotline , which is used to exchange information about people and goods crossing to an industrial zone in the North Korean border city of Kaesong , left scores of South Koreans working there stranded . Following talks in Seoul on Monday , the new US envoy to North Korea , Stephen Bosworth , said any launch by Pyongyang would be `` very ill-advised '' . A spokesperson for South Korea 's defence ministry said the North 's threats were just `` rhetoric '' but that the armed forces were prepared to deal with any contingencies . Last week , a report from Japan suggested it could send a destroyer carrying missile interceptor technology to the Sea of Japan ( East Sea ) in preparation for such an event . Mr Bosworth is in the region to try to kick-start stalled six-nation talks on the North 's denuclearisation . They said the US wanted to resolve the tensions through dialogue . 'Dangerously provocative ' The 12-day military exercise involves about 50,000 US and South Korean troops , in what the two allies say is a rehearsal for the defence of the peninsula . Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Advertisement But North Korea is always rankled by the annual drill , claiming that it is a dry run for an invasion and dangerously provocative , the BBC 's John Sudworth in Seoul says . Some observers in South Korea , though , believe the North may be using the exercise as a pretext to clear the skies of traffic ahead of a missile launch , our correspondent adds . Last week , North Korea raised objections to the annual exercise at a rare meeting between its generals and the US-led United Nations Command ( UNC ) in the South . Tensions have risen since South Korea 's President Lee Myung-bak began taking a harder line on the North on taking office a year ago . In January , Pyongyang scrapped a series of peace agreements with the South over Seoul 's decision to link bilateral aid to progress on denuclearisation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We released the fourth app from the mobile team , Emergence , on day one for the new Apple TV and are currently getting around 2k downloads a day . The codebase was created by a single developer , and we did n't want to keep that knowledge siloed . So , I ran an hour-long code review session last night where I talked through the codebase , explained why some decisions were made and about the differences between tvOS and UIKit .
Given that I had been asked to write a blog post about tvOS in general , I felt that making the code review public for anyone to watch would be a nice alternative to the usual long-form writing on this blog .
Jump to YouTube for the video , or click more for a smaller inline preview .
Along with gaming , football is probably my biggest hobby .
I 've played at least twice a week since the age of 8 , and been a season ticket holder at my beloved Aston Villa for the past 18 years . Football games have therefore always been hot on my radar , and thankfully there have been a reasonable amount of quality games in the genre over the years . Many attempts however miss the mark , failing to capture what makes the beautiful game fun , and this is certainly true of many of the big-budget releases .
I will outline here what I think makes a successful football game , with examples of good and bad things games have done in the past . ( NB : To avoid confusion I will refer to the in-game footballers as ‘ players ' and the person playing the game as the ‘ gamer ' ) .
Balance
One of the main difficulties developers face in creating a football game is the balance between the individual player/teams ' skill , and the gamer 's ability . In reality , real players obviously have different degrees of talent – Iniesta is a much more accurate passer of the ball than Robert Huth . But turning degrees of individual ability into a quantifiable stat is n't always easy in itself , and more importantly can come at the detriment of the gamer 's sense of fairness and enjoyment .
Passing accuracy is quite a good example to use to illustrate this issue . Some stats are reasonably easy to quantify , such as speed . Holding the run button down with a fast player will make him/her move quicker than a slower player . However with something like passing accuracy , the situation is n't as clear-cut – the issue arises where the gamer might put the correct direction and weight on the ball , but be passing the ball with a poor-passing individual . Should the game make the pass fail ? Or not be as strong/accurate ? If so , to what degree ? Should it happen every time , or be based on luck ? Or should the gamer be rewarded with an accurate pass regardless , because the direction and weight was correct ? And if that philosophy is adopted , what 's the point in having different player traits ?
Football games have tackled this issue differently over the years . In the early days , first football games like Sensible Soccer and FIFA 95 simply had the same abilities for every player due to hardware limitations . The players ' ability was based entirely on the gamer 's input , and the only effect of picking a team was on the shirt colours . Over time , individual traits started to come in , with games in the ‘ fourth generation ' such as ISS64 and Fifa 99 having a mix of universal mechanics that applied to all teams ( in these cases ISS had automatic passing , FIFA automatic shooting ) but with some players being quicker or stronger than others .
The better football games balance this issue with a slider-type effect . The key is that you want it to be possible to score a last-minute screamer with Phil Jagielka , but you want the likelihood of it to happen to be far smaller than doing it with Yaya Toure . But it still needs to be possible . So the solution is for better players to have a larger window of opportunity to pull off certain moves than weaker players , but a perfectly timed hit should still be possible . The more recent FIFA games have achieved this to some degree , though the element of blind luck ( more on that below ) is still a factor . I call it the slider effect because it 's best illustrated by FIFA 's penalty kick slider – the gamer has to land the marker in the middle of a continuously moving slider in order for the PK to be accurate . With the better players , the slider moves slower , thus increasing the window of opportunity and making it easier to pull off a successful shot . The weaker players have a fast slider , so whilst it 's still possible and crucially requires more skill to pull an accurate PK off with a player , it 's still doable by better gamers .
Unscripted events
During the fifth generation , EA 's FIFA and Konami 's Pro Evolution Soccer ( PES ) were the only real two options for a mainstream soccer sim . Despite strong sales of the former , in most critics ' and gamers ' eyes there was only one winner every year : PES . This was despite its clunky menus , laughably woeful commentary and lack of any licensed teams whatsoever ( go on West Midland Village ) . The FIFAs of the time on the other hand had excellent levels of polish presentation , but they lacked in the area PES excelled in – gameplay .
The key difference was scripting . FIFA looked great , but you would score the same goal repeatedly from a pre-determined and limited set of scripts . This meant that once you had mastered the combination of input , there was nothing the opposition could do to stop you . One-on-one with a goalkeeper with ( fat ) Ronaldo in FIFA 99 , all the gamer has to do is tap the shoot button , and the ball goes into the top corner . Every time . Players would always make the same runs , have a limited number of passing and tackling options available , and after a week of gameplay you 'd have seen everything the game has to offer , and be winning games 10-9 against your friends .
PES on the other hand , was a completely different ball game . Every game was different , and it was notoriously difficult to score a goal . Seemingly random and unique things happened every game , things that were literally not possible in FIFA – the ball would sometimes ricochet back off the crossbar , onto the goalie 's head and back onto the post . FIFA did n't allow this – giving you either the same goal or same spectacular save every time . In PES , the ball felt like a ball – unpredictable and influenced by the gamer rather than fully controlled by the gamer , whereas in FIFA the ball just felt like part of the script , obeying the strict pre-determined set of guidelines the rest of the game was held to .
In 2008 , EA made the conscious realisation that this was lacking in their game . This great article on how EA turned FIFA around interviews engineer Gary Paterson , who joined EA in 2004 . Paterson was hired to change the fundamentals of FIFA , and cites these elements of Pro Evo they looked to incorporate when criticising older FIFAs :
“ Things like the success of a shot , ” they explain . “ It was n't based around context , it was just based around attributes . You have to start thinking of – is they under pressure , what kind of kick angle is it , how is the ball moving , what kind of animation is they using , think about how he 's going to strike the ball , and what effect striking the ball in that manner would have on the trajectory of the ball . ”
It 's these contextual considerations that make a good football game , not how many licenses for the Hungarian Second Division it has .
12 years on from Paterson 's appointment , FIFA is dominant both commercially and critically . The last 6 incarnations all have Metacritic scores above 80 , and it 's the shift from superficial glamour to authentic gameplay that has caused this .
Luck
In the real game of football , the element of luck is undeniably a factor . Keepers making howling errors , linesmen missing offsides , beach balls from the crowd entering the field… luck is part of the game .
The difficulty in designing a football game is how much luck do you incorporate , if any at all ? Applying chance to a game is always tough , as if it is to be fair and competitive between players then ideally luck should be minimized and skill should be emphasized . But if the aim of the game is to emulate football – luck should technically be part of the experience .
Again , in older games luck was n't present , with games obeying a strict set of unbreakable rules . But in later more complex games , there was always a certain thrill knowing that the keeper could spill that Hail-Mary 40-yard lob , or that you could get away with a two footer from behind , however unlikely . Luck can and should be used to add to and enhance the experience . However FIFA 13 is a good example of a game where luck played too much of a roll . Every player had a chance of mis-controlling a ball , and whilst that 's technically true in real life , it simply happened far too often in FIFA 13 that it went beyond the point of feeling novel and became a regular hindrance , hampering the enjoyment of the game . The game at times felt beyond your control , whereas in the superior FIFA 12 every goal felt like an achievement for the player . Thankfully EA rectified this in FIFA 14 , and subsequent iterations have been better still in this area .
There are of course a lot of other things that can determine the quality of a football game technical aspects like graphics and sound of course add to the experience . Commentary can be particularly immersion-breaking if not done well . However I feel it 's the features I 've touched on that truly make or break a football game , and the more a developer considers these , the better the chances of a quality outcome for the game .
The United States Air Force commander in charge of the NATO alliance 's military presence in Europe said on Wednesday this week that US troops may soon be deployed to the region as tensions continue to worsen near the border between Ukraine and Russia .
In an interview with the Associated Press , US Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove said that forthcoming plans intended to ensure stability in Europe for the NATO partners in the area could involve the mobilizing of American troops .
Representatives from the 28 countries involved in the multinational organization have asked Breedlove — a four-star general who has since last year served as the supreme allied commander of NATO 's European operations — to have a plan ready by early next week , according to the AP 's John-Thor Dahlburg , to reassure partners in the region “ that other alliance countries have their back . ”
Breedlove told the newswire that they have every intention of unveiling their proposal ahead of next Tuesday 's deadline , and that they would n't `` write off involvement by any nation , to include the United States . ''
When asked by the AP for clarification about the potential for US military involvement , Breedlove reportedly reiterated , `` I would not write off contributions from any nation . ”
The general 's remarks come in the midst of an ongoing uprising in Ukraine that led to the ousting of that country 's president earlier this year in February and has escalated ever since .
Last month , people in the adjacent Crimean peninsula overwhelmingly voted to sever ties with Ukraine and align with Russia amid a growing rift between nationalists and separatists in the region , and shortly afterwards Russia formally accepted the results of that referendum .
But concerns about further escalation have been rampant in the days since , with Breedlove saying last week that Russia had not only amassed roughly 40,000 troops near the federation 's border with eastern Ukraine , but also has the resources to invade and annex that portion of the country as well in the span of just three to five days . Then over the weekend , pro-Russian protesters seized government buildings in the Ukrainian cities of Donetsk , Lugansk and Kharkov , rekindling concerns of a potential split in the country 's mainland .
Also on Wednesday this week , Russia 's Foreign Ministry said that both Ukraine and US have `` no reason for concern '' about the heightened presence of forces in the region , and that `` Russia has repeatedly stated that it does not conduct unusual or unplanned activities which are militarily significant on its territory near the border with Ukraine . ”
Meanwhile , Breedlove suggested that the situation there remains as serious as ever .
`` What we see there is a force of about 40,000 , '' they told the AP following a NATO conference Wednesday in Paris , Dahlburg reported . `` I would characterize it as a combined arms army . In other words , this is an army that has all of the provisioning and enabling that it needs to accomplish military objectives if given them . ''
At the same time , though , the AP reported that Russia 's objectives remained unclear to Breedlove , and could result in any which action upon the directive of Moscow .
“ The force could stand pat and intimidate Ukraine solely by its presence , drive south to create a land bridge with Crimea , push along the Black Sea coast to the Ukrainian port city of Odessa and the largely Russian Trans-Dniester enclave of Moldova or invade areas of eastern Ukraine where ethnic Russians are also demanding unity with Russia , ” Dahlburg said of the commander 's concerns .
Speaking to CNN on Wednesday , US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said , “ We 're always vigilant and we 're always looking at the options that we need to take . ”
The NATO member-states of Romania , Slovakia , Poland and Hungary all share international boundary lines with Ukraine , though are at a minimum 500 miles away from the country 's border with Russia where tensions continue to worsen .
The burning question on everyone 's mind when Allo was released - `` can you send SMS ? '' The answer , as seemingly common with Google products , is `` it 's complicated . '' Allo-w me to explain the answer , and more of Allo 's quirky behavior , below .
What happens when I send a text to someone without Allo ?
When you tap a contact that has not yet registered for Google Allo , you are presented with the above message warning that you are sending messages through SMS . When you send a message , the recipient receives the following text from a random five-digit number ( at least in my tests ) :
[ Your full name ] ( [ Your phone number ] ) added you on Google Allo to chat . Text HELP to learn more or STOP to unsubscribe . https : //g.co/AlloSMS
You can continue to send texts to that person , but the texts will come from that proxy number , and not from your personal number . The other person can reply to your texts from that number , and they will appear in the conversation in Allo .
So , in summary , all SMS communication through Allo is sent through a relay number , not through your phone 's number .
On Android , Google has added the On Android , Google has added the App Preview Messaging API as part of Google Play Services . Applications that use this API can send messages to any Android device , even if the other device does n't have the app installed . Allo is the first application to use this new API , and as you can see below , it allows Android users to receive Allo messages ( and respond to them ) without installing it . Thanks to Jordan Long for the screenshots
Can I set Allo as my default SMS app ?
No , it does not appear as an option .
What happens if I delete Allo ?
You will not receive messages sent to you through Allo unless you re-install the app . Allo does not de-register your number when you uninstall the app , so any messages will continue to be sent to your Allo inbox .
Android owners who once owned iPhones may remember having this problem . If you switched from an iPhone to an Android device , you would cease to receive SMS messages from iPhones until you de-registered your number with iMessage .
How do I re-register my phone number in Allo ?
If you open Allo 's application settings , there is a Disconnect button .
What happens if I activate Allo on another device ?
You will lose your name , profile picture , chats , and contacts . ( source )
Is connecting a Google account required ?
No , connecting a Google Account to Allo only allows Google Assistant to learn about you and provide better results .
Complicated enough for you ? Hopefully Google will iron out some of these issues as time goes on , but its current SMS behavior is almost worse than no support at all . If you want to make the plunge , grab the latest APK from APKMirror .
America 's Cup - Coutts all but confirms Oracle Team USA adding cyclors
Will Oracle Team USA add ETNZ style cyclors ? Emirates Team New Zealand sailing on Bermuda 's Great Sound testing in the lead up to the 35th America 's Cup Hamish Hooper/Emirates Team NZ Will Oracle Team USA add ETNZ style cyclors ? Emirates Team New Zealand sailing on Bermuda 's Great Sound testing in the lead up to the 35th America 's Cup Hamish Hooper/Emirates Team NZ http : //www.etnzblog.com
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL : www.sail-world.com/153707
by Sail-World.com/nz on 12 May 2017This involves adding a third grinding position into the AC50 rather than replacement of the existing pedestals.In their other role as CEO of the America 's Cup Events Authority , Russell Coutts updates on progress with the construction of America 's Cup facilities in Bermuda.He also looks at the readiness of the six teams to compete . Over the course of the final practice races , next week , the teams will need to refine their techniques and prepare for the qualifiers in 2 weeks .
We are all supposed to be feeling pity and outrage for the girls of Cologne . But we are only allowed to be sorry and angry in the right way . The wrong way is to mention that the attackers were a mystery meat conglomeration of basketballs and kebabs . That would be horribly racist of you . And the gothic majesty of Cologne 's High Cathedral of Saints Peter and Mary , home to a 13th century reliquary and site of Catholic Pilgrimage , pelted with fireworks by Muslims , but secular modernity does not care about that . The events of Cologne have been co-opted as a women 's rights issue .
The only allowed reaction is to lament that women are no longer able to walk around city centres alone at night dressed like sluts . And that something must be done about this . By men . Of course .
Women asked for this , and now they 're getting it . Not victim-blaming , but observable cause and effect . The vast majority have had their minds polluted by the nihilistic dogma of the modern priestly caste . They were told they could have it all and that there would never be any consequences . The consequences of modernity are here now .
In America , Obama pulled in over 70 per cent of the vote among unmarried women . The pattern is the same in Europe . I wonder how many of these women attacked in Cologne took part in # RefugeesWelcome and # BlackLivesMatter virtue signalling on social media . Young women , decoupled from their natural role as wife and mother , overwhelmingly vote left , and this is the result : looters crawling over a barren and decaying civilisation as it takes its last gasps of air .
Unrestrained female sexuality and unrestrained third world immigration
Even now , with roving immigrant rape gangs looting their way across European cities with impunity , women are adamant that they should not have to change their behaviour . It has become a sacred cow of the modern West that women should be able to do whatever they want and live free of any consequences . Women want to dress promiscuously in culturally enriched city centres , and they also insist any and all desert tribesmen should be welcomed into our nations . You ca n't indulge these conflicting ideologies simultaneously without serious consequences . We warned them about this and they called us fascists for it . If you 've done the time anyway maybe you should do the crime .
Even now , with the rot of modernity apparent to all who can see , there are still people who push the Leviathan 's narrative . In light of these sex attacks in Cologne , Musa Okwonga , a Nigerian ‘ poet ' living in Germany has called for European men to ‘ keep sticking up for women ‘ and in doing so gained the praise of deranged leftist mouthpiece J.K. Rowling . The subtext to this , being written by an African living in Europe , is that the men of Europe should not descend into racism , but supplicate even further to girls . Girls who voted left , agitated for refugees and who are not having children . How much sympathy will there be ?
Attacked and traumatised , Germany 's girls run to men for protection . But they demand we resolve this problem in a way that suits them , that does n't restrict their pursuit of hedonism , and without engaging in any ugly racism . Yet another impossible task vomited forth by the leftist vortex . Leftism begets intractable problems which it can only think to solve with ever increasing doses of leftism .
That their demands are impossible is lost on them . Men are expected to resolve these irreconcilable simultaneous equations , and the failure to complete this impossible labour will be the fault of men , of course , and their racism and misogyny .
The Third Solution
This may sound like a hatred of women to some . It 's not . It is sadness , that so many European girls could be so easily fooled into trading away their nature . It is a hatred not of women , but of modernity and what it has done to women . Women will come to realise that while being female once afforded them some victim status , being female-but-white means they will forever be below refugees on the victim status totem pole .
Modernity convinced women that patriarchy enslaved and oppressed them . Freed from the supposed shackles of marriage and fertility they have become burdened with debt , surrounded with frivolity in order to distract them from their role in the European gulag and now it is unsafe for them to even walk the streets of their home town . Motherhood would only take them away from their vital role as wage slave and consumer .
Patriarchy protected them and revered them as the bearers of the next generation . Modernity views them as economic units . Patriarchy regards wives and mothers are indispensable to a nation . Economic units are interchangeable , expendable and ultimately disposable . And now they are being disposed of , to the new generation of ‘ Germans ' , by a hostile government which has no more need for them , and neither the ability nor desire to protect them . The perpetual revolution of leftism has left them behind in order to chase after even more deserving victims .
While we have been sleeping a deliberately confusing maze has been built up around us . A maze littered with false paths and dead ends . How to escape it ? Turn left for women 's rights . Turn right for a police state . Or simply do nothing , go poolside , party with sluts and enjoy the decline until the star of Western civilisation twinkles out forever . But none of these paths will deliver us from evil .
The way out of the maze is to not acquiesce to either the barbarians , or to the fickle demands of the women hypnotised by modernity . It is tempting to abandon women to the world they have wrought . We are not bitter men-left-behind-and-going-our-own-way however , that would get us nowhere , nor would it be right . Instead we should realise the great opportunity we have been gifted to make our nations reject modernity and false-dichotomy politics . Men can solve this problem , but there will be conditions attached . Do n't like it , take your chances in the ghetto . Submission to God and Truth bought them immortality . Submission to modernity got them raped .
Already there is talk of German hooligans and gangs of men organising and descending on the cities to avenge their women-folk . It is an ancient , natural instinct for men to rush to defend a maiden 's honour , but where is the honour in most of the girls of the modern world ? Promiscuous but sterile . Given up on marriage and children . Intruding into male spaces and the workforce , but only the glamorous ones . It 's always the boardroom , never the coal mine .
We must remove kebab from our ancestral homelands , and we will , but what is worth defending in modernity ? Who would pull this rotten and bloated corpse from the river ? We will drive out the invader but it will not be done in the utilitarian name of women 's rights , at least not in the modern sense . The Restoration will be tough , dirty and dangerous work , and men will not fight and die to preserve the terminal sickness of modernity .
The fighting man of Europe has fought and died on battlefields everywhere for God , King and Country . How sad it must be now for German men to have to brawl in their own city streets for the leftover scraps of modernity . How shameful it would be to fight in the name of preserving abortion , birth control and putting women to work in office cubicles and factories .
A nativist uprising , beginning with small cadres , fellowships and brotherhoods of ruthless and determined men , are the start of something bigger , grander than just a petty backlash against immigrants . What a waste of all that righteous anger for it to stop at immigrants . The fire rising now must engulf also those who invited them here , those who agitated for them , those who profited from sheltering them , those who dismissed nativist opposition as evil , those who lied to hide the truth from the people , those who misled our women into modernity and away from Tradition .
Merkel and the rest of the traitorous politicians will go the way of Ceaușescu . All of them will be ploughed into the soil of our ancestral homelands , not just in Germany , but everywhere modernity has taken root in Europe . This punishment and vengeance must be done with such a gravity and ruthlessness so that it propagates a shockwave far into the future , ingrained into the European mind forever , so that nobody dares to do this to us again .
Germany and the European Tradition will arise . They are not dead , but sleepeth .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
Tumblr
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Sweden may be about to adopt increased surveillance of the internet , with new proposals about data retention and network rules leaked to local ISP Bahnhof .
The proposals are contained in submissions to a parliamentary inquiry into Sweden 's data retention regime , which came into force in 2010 .
The company says it 's been passed the documents by an anonymous source , and that they explain Sweden 's government wants to extend the holding period under existing data retention legislation . Today , providers have to retain users ' IP address information for six months , but a submission to the inquiry asks that be raised to 10 months .
There 's also talk of demanding providers rework their networks to reduce sharing of IP addresses between users , Bahnhof claims ( translated from the Swedish by Google ) .
Bahnhof CEO Jon Karlung complains that the law enforcement proposals would need hundreds of millions of Kronor in capex and would impose tens of millions in annual opex .
That 's put the whole industry into “ rebellion ” , Karlung writes , because it looks like Sweden is imitating China , “ where the state requires the network to be tailor-made for monitoring , not for the internet to work as well as possible ” .
A legislator has also attacked VPN services in the inquiry , Karlung claims , with a demand that ISPs log the first activation of each new anonymisation service .
Rick Falkvinge of Private Internet Access writes that Sweden is ignoring a 2014 European Court of Justice ruling against data retention , instead “ doubling down on the forbidden concept of surveillance of people who are not currently any suspicion ” .
Sweden 's government has already blotted its infosec record when it leaked its entire motor-vehicle registration database in July 2017 . ®
Talks have opened between Dutch , Belgian and British officials to try to prevent the ferry ports at the Hook of Holland and Zeebrugge becoming the new flashpoints for migrants attempting to enter the UK – now that security has been tightened substantially at Calais .
Dutch military police have been stationed at the Hook of Holland , near Rotterdam , since June , when 68 people , including two pregnant women and 15 children , were found locked in four cargo containers that had been shipped from the Netherlands to the English port of Harwich .
There are also regular attempts to enter the UK from Zeebrugge in Belgium , but the route from the Hook of Holland to Harwich is already known for its “ carousel system ” – where migrants found attempting to enter Britain are deported back to the Netherlands , before trying again .
Although June 's discovery of 68 stowaways – 35 from Afghanistan , 22 from China , 10 from Vietnam and one from Russia – was the largest to date , there have also been many others detained in recent months , including 18 Afghans found on a ferry , and nine Albanians in a lorry waiting to board .
Risk of accidents
That warning was echoed in the UK at the weekend by Keith Vaz , chair of the House of Commons home affairs select committee , who said that unless large-scale migrations were tackled at source , closing one route would simply have “ a domino effect ” .
“ There is already evidence of more illegal activity around the Hook of Holland and Zeebrugge , ” they said .
“ We need agreements with countries across the north coast . . . before we see Calais-like crises springing up at ports right along the continent . ”
Police say that in the first six months of this year , 220 migrants were caught trying to make the crossing from the Hook of Holland – though it 's not known how many were successful .
In the Netherlands itself , the number of asylum applications has doubled since the start of the year to between 500 and 600 a week , placing settlement services under severe pressure .
As many as 40,000 migrants are expected to apply for Dutch visas this year , up 25 per cent on 2014 – and the largest number since 1994 , when 53,000 people applied , many of them displaced by the wars in Yugoslavia .
Weather Channel Founder John Coleman , a meteorologist for over six decades , slammed Bill Nye , ‘ the science guy ' for saying that the new skeptical global warming film ‘ Climate Hustle ' is “ very much not in our national interest and the world 's interest . ”
Coleman is featured introducing ‘ Climate Hustle ' in theatres on May 2 for the one-night only showing . www.ClimateHustle.com Nye is also featured in the panel discussion that follows the skeptical film in theatres on May 2 .
“ I have always been amazed that anyone would pay attention to Bill Nye , a pretend scientist in a bow tie , ” Coleman said today .
“ As a man who has studied the science of meteorology for over 60 years and received the AMS ( American Meteorological Society 's ) ‘ Meteorologist of the Year ' award , I am totally offended that Nye gets the press and media attention they do . And I am rooting for the ‘ Climate Hustle ' film to become a huge hit — bigger than ‘ An Inconvenient Truth ' by Al Gore , ” Coleman explained .
Coleman was the original meteorologist on ABC 's Good Morning America .
Coleman also ripped Nye for suggesting climate skeptics should face jail time for their dissenting views .
“ That this the most awful thing since Galileo was jailed for saying the Earth was not the center of the Universe , ” Coleman said .
“ In 20 or 30 years , when Nye is an old man , they will realize how wrong they were as the Earth continue to be a just great place to live , ” Coleman added .
Related Links :
Nationwide Theatre Event ( Now including Canada ! ) – One Night Only May 2 – With introduction by Weather Channel Founder John Coleman & Exclusive panel discussion following movie with Gov . Sarah Palin , Brent Bozell , Climatologist Dr. David Legates , Marc Morano & Special Appearance by Bill Nye
Go to www.ClimateHustle.com for theatre near you and to buy tickets .
Bill Nye , UN Scientist Warn Moviegoers to Shun Skeptical film ‘ Climate Hustle ' : ‘ Not in Our National Interest ' –Bill Nye : ‘ Climate Hustle ' is ‘ very much not in our national interest and the world 's interest . ' – UN Scientist Michael Oppenheimer condemned the film – without even viewing it : ‘ Marc ( Morano ) is a propagandist '
‘ Nye should not be the face of this movement ' – Warmists continue trashing Nye : Salon Mag . – Bill Nye NBC debate ‘ a DISASTER ' – ‘ Children 's TV host leading this ‘ debate ' only enhances impression entire issue is a JOKE ' – Salon claims Nye looked ‘ faint ' like ‘ he was going to throw up ' – Nye 's eyes got wide and it looked like they were going to throw up . ( Check the video , they really looks faint around 10:44 . ) ‘ The entire exercise was a joke , of course…The fact that a children 's television host is leading this “ debate ” only enhances the impression that the entire issue is a joke…Nye is a smart guy with great intentions , but they should not be the face of this movement . '
Weather Channel founder John Coleman : “ We climate change skeptics have long needed a film to counter An Inconvenient Truth . This may be it . I was honored to be asked to record the introduction of the movie for its May 2nd debut at 400 theaters , so I was provided a preview of the entire film . It is not made for scientists and political activists . It is designed to reach the general public including teenagers . It is my hope that in the years to come it will be shown just before or after Al Gore 's sci-fi epic in every school . I the meantime I will buy tickets and attend the showing at the nearest theater to my new home in Las Vegas . I hope it draws a crowd and holds and pleases the audience . ”
People born with Down syndrome have always been considered to be incurably developmentally delayed—until now . In the past few years a number of laboratories have uncovered critical drug targets within disabled chemical pathways in the brain that might be restored with medication . At least two clinical trials are currently studying the effects of such treatments on people with Down syndrome . Now geneticist Roger Reeves of Johns Hopkins University may have stumbled on another drug target—this one with the potential to correct the learning and memory deficits so central to the condition .
Down syndrome occurs in about one in 1,000 births annually worldwide . It arises from an extra copy of chromosome 21 and the overexpression of each of the 300 to 500 genes the chromosome carries . “ If you go back even as recently as 2004 , researchers did n't have much of a clue about the mechanisms involved in this developmental disability , ” says Michael Harpold , chief scientific officer with the Down Syndrome Research and Treatment Foundation . But all that has changed . “ In the past six or seven years there have been several breakthroughs—and ‘ breakthroughs ' is not by any means too big a word—in understanding the neurochemistry in Down syndrome , ” Reeves says .
This improved knowledge base has led to a series of discoveries with therapeutic promise , including the latest by Reeves . They and their team were attempting to restore the size of the cerebellum in mice engineered to show the hallmarks of Down syndrome . The cerebellum lies at the base of the brain and controls motor functions , motor learning and balance . In people with Down syndrome and in the Down mouse model the cerebellum is about 40 percent smaller than normal . By restoring its size , Reeves hoped to gain a clearer picture of the developmental processes that lead to anomalies in a brain with Down syndrome .
Reeves 's team injected newborn Down mice with a chemical that stimulates an important neurodevelopmental pathway that , among other things , orchestrates cerebellum growth . “ We were not in fact surprised that we fixed the cerebellum . That was our working hypothesis , ” Reeves says . Yet they had not anticipated that three months after treatment the mice with a restored cerebellum would be able to learn their way around a water maze—a function of learning and memory thought to be controlled by another part of the brain , the hippocampus . The researchers do not yet know whether they inadvertently repaired the hippocampus or whether the cerebellum might be responsible for more learning and memory functions than previously realized .
In fact , other investigational treatments for Down syndrome target the hippocampus—but none target this particular chemical pathway . Reeves 's study , published recently in Science Translational Medicine , may point to a pharmaceutical intervention that could allow those with Down syndrome to live more independent lives . “ The possibility of actually giving Down syndrome people the ability to improve learning and memory significantly—that 's something I never thought I 'd see in my entire career , ” they say . “ And it 's now happening . The game has changed .
West African scam costs WA man Peter Kleinig millions before authorities step in
Posted
Consumer protection officials have been forced to take legal action against a 65-year-old man who lost millions to scammers in West Africa yet continued to solicit funds from others to invest in a bogus scheme .
Since 2007 , Peter Melvin Kleinig has sent millions of dollars to places such as Togo and Ghana , believing the money was going to an investment company .
The money came from Mr Kleinig 's life savings , and from others whom they managed to convince to invest in the bogus scheme on the promise of repayment plus a reward .
The victims identified were from around Western Australia , including Albany , Esperance , Armadale and the Swan Valley .
A friend of Mr Kleinig 's lost $ 2 million to the scam .
Acting Commissioner for Consumer Protection David Hillyard said authorities had tried repeatedly to convince Mr Kleinig that they were being defrauded .
However , they were largely ignored .
Arrests in Ghana no deterrent
`` Officers from our anti-fraud initiative Project Sunbird have spent a lot of time trying to prove to Mr Kleinig that the silver and gold investment company they believe in does not exist , '' Mr Hillyard said .
They said police in Ghana had reportedly arrested nine people over the case , but even news of the arrests did not deter Mr Kleinig , and they continued to solicit funds to send overseas .
`` It 's extremely sad that Peter Kleinig has lost their lives savings and refuses to accept that they are at the centre of an investment fraud .
`` However , when the actions of a victim present a financial risk to other members of the community , authorities have a responsibility to step in to protect the public .
`` That 's why we have entered into this court enforceable undertaking . ''
The undertaking prevents Mr Kleinig from soliciting or accepting funds for the purpose of any investment .
Topics : consumer-protection , wa
Hiddink won the FA Cup with Chelsea in 2009
Guus Hiddink has stepped down as Turkey coach after their side failed to qualify for the Euro 2012 finals .
The Turkish football federation says it has reached a mutual agreement to end the former Chelsea manager 's contract , which was due to expire next summer .
Turkey lost 3-0 on aggregate to Croatia after a 0-0 draw in the second leg of the play-offs on Tuesday .
Hiddink , 65 , took on their fifth national team role in August 2010 and oversaw Turkey 's second-placed Group A finish .
Hiddink had previously led the Netherlands , South Korea , Australia and Russia , plus club sides including PSV Eindhoven , Real Madrid and Chelsea .
HIDDINK 'S CLUB HONOURS PSV Eindhoven : Champions League ( 1988 ) , six Eredivisie championships ( 1986-89 , 2002/03 & 04-06 ) , four Dutch Cups ( 1988-90 & 2005 )
Champions League ( 1988 ) , six Eredivisie championships ( 1986-89 , 2002/03 & 04-06 ) , four Dutch Cups ( 1988-90 & 2005 ) Real Madrid : Intercontinental Cup ( 1998 )
Intercontinental Cup ( 1998 ) Chelsea : FA Cup ( 2009 )
A statement on the official TFF website read : `` We would like to thank Mr Guus Hiddink for their services during their working period , and wish them all the best in their future career . ''
In their post-match interview on Tuesday they said that they expected to end their association with Turkey , saying : `` I worked for the future of Turkey but I think this is my last match with this team - there is a high probability of that . ''
Hiddink , who boasts one of football 's most impressive managerial CVs , is certain to be in high demand and the likes of Paris Saint-Germain in France and Russian Premier League side Anzhi Makhachkala have been linked with their services .
Pakistan International Airlines ( PIA ) flight PK-661 carrying 48 passengers and crew crashed on the way to Islamabad from Chitral on Wednesday at 4:42pm PST . The Civil Aviation Authority confirmed there are no survivors from the ill-fated flight .
Forty six bodies have been recovered from the wreckage , confirmed DPO Abbotabad .
PIA Spokesman Daniyal Gilani confirmed there were 48 passengers , five crew members and one ground engineer on board .
The passenger list confirmed there were 31 men , 9 women and 2 infants on board the flight , including singer-cum-evangelist Junaid Jamshed and their family , as well as three foreigners .
A photo of the crash site . ─ Local police
The ATR-42 aircraft departed from Chitral around 3:30pm and was expected to land at Islamabad 's Benazir Bhutto International Airport at around 4:40pm but crashed in Havelian near Abbottabad shortly after a distress call was sent to the control tower .
PIA 's emergency response center can be contacted at 0092-21-99044890 , 0092-21-99044376 and 0092-21-99044394 .
'All onboard killed '
PIA Chairman Azam Saigal , addressing a press conference on Wednesday evening , confirmed that all onboard have been killed in the crash .
They said the ill-fated ATR-42 aircraft went through a detailed inspection in October . Saigal further added that the plane was fit to fly but that it was unclear what caused the crash .
“ Investigations will establish the cause of the incident and why the plane was unable to fly on the remaining engine , ” said the PIA chairperson .
“ Almost 17 different agencies conduct the safety audit of PIA 's aircraft , ” they added .
Referring to the pilot 's experience , Saigal said the pilot had a flying experience of more than 12,000 hours .
Saigal said the pilot of plane told the control tower 4:09 p.m. that an engine had developed a technical fault and moments later they made a “ mayday call , ” shortly before the plane disappeared .
'Bodies burned beyond recognition '
A government official on the scene said all the bodies are beyond recognition .
`` All of the bodies are burned beyond recognition . The debris is scattered , '' Taj Muhammad Khan , a government official based in the Havelian region said .
A photograph showing the crash site . ─ Local police
Khan , who was at the site of the crash , added that witnesses told them `` the aircraft has crashed in a mountainous area ... before it hit the ground it was on fire . ''
An eyewitness , Jumma Khan , said , `` The bodies we have taken out are in pieces . They are beyond recognition . We can not tell women from men ... they are just legs and arms . ''
Junaid Jamshed on board
Chitral airport sources and the passenger lists confirmed that Junaid Jamshed , their family , and Deputy Commissioner Chitral Osama Warraich were on board the flight and are assumed to be among the casualties .
Jamshed was in Chitral for a Tableeghi mission and was returning to Islamabad when the aircraft crashed . They were scheduled to deliver the Friday sermon at Parliament mosque . They were a prominent member of Pakistan 's Tableeghi Jamaat , a global Islamic revivalist movement urging Muslims to return to Sunni Islam .
Jamshed rocketed to fame in Pakistan in the 1980s and 1990s as the singer for the Vital Signs rock group , and later launched a solo career , with a string of chart-topping albums and hits .
Rescue operations hindered
The ATR turboprop aircraft crashed at Saddha Batolni village near the Pakistan Ordinance Factory , Havelian , PIA said .
Army troops and army helicopters were mobilised to the site and many bodies were recovered from the plane wreckage , Inter-Services Public Relations ( ISPR ) said .
There are 500 army troops , including doctors and paramedics , deployed at the crash site . ISPR added . Necessary vehicles and army ambulances are also taking part in the rescue operation .
The terrain is rugged and rescue and recovery operations were hindered because of nightfall and the cold . Sundown in Havelian took place at 4:57pm . Weather conditions were reportedly clear with almost no wind .
Ambulances were unable to reach at the site of the accident as the aircraft crashed on mountainous terrain .
'Unidentifiable bodies '
Eyewitnesses said the damage on the ground is `` substantial '' .
Picking through the wreckage of the plane crash . ─ Local police
A rescue team member , Kashif , speaking to state television said , `` We put the fire out by putting sand on the branches and area surrounding the crash site . The debris was scattered about 100 metres out . The plane fell in a canal behind the mountains so the debris is not very scattered . ''
`` People on the ground told me that the plane slammed onto the ground two or three times before it fell into a tank of water . There is no question of landing in this terrain for helicopters or planes . There are settlements on both sides of the crash site . ''
`` We looked far and wide for scattered remains or bags but could not find any . The debris is limited to one area . Junaid Jamshed 's visiting cards and ID cards have been recovered by a member of the rescue team , '' Kashif said . They added that dozens of police and rescue officials and about 20-30 villagers reached the spot and used the hot metal plates of the plane to dig up mud and put out the fire . ''
`` The priority is to recover bodies . Then will come the recovery of the parts of the aircraft . I am told that the remains of 15-16 people have been recovered ... five to six bodies were recovered from one spot , near the spot where the engine was seen . One was found 50 metres from the site . None are identifiable , '' they added .
Map showing the route of the plane and the crash site .
Bodies recovered from the debris were sent for DNA testing to Ayub Medical Complex as they were not identifiable .
Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif and Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan directed concerned federal departments to immediately initiate rescue efforts and help the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government , Press Information Department said .
The civil administration also sent rescue teams to trace the wreckage and passengers , Radio Pakistan reported .
'ATR aircraft nearly 10-years-old '
PIA Spokesman Daniyal Gilani said , `` A distress call was sent to the control tower ... then the incident of the crash was reported . ''
They added that the ATR-42 aircraft which was `` nearly 10 years old '' claimed that it was `` in good condition '' .
`` PIA is doing everything possible to help the families of passengers and crew members for first-hand information regarding the incident and damage . ''
A list of the passengers on board the flight . ─ DawnNews
Emergency Response Centre established
PIA has established and Emergency Response Centre at PIA headquarters in Karachi , said a statemetent released by the airline .
“ An Emergency Response Center has been established at PIA headquarters Karachi from where senior PIA management has been monitoring the situation since the incident took place , ” said the statement .
An inquiry has also been ordered into the incident , added the airlines 's statement .
PIA chairperson Azam Saigal and CEO Bernd Hildenbrand also expressed grief and sorrow over the tragic incident involving crash of PIA 's ATR-42 .
What may have caused the plane to crash ?
The altitude graph of the plane . — Dawn
Global aviation watchdog Aviation Herald said that PK-661 crashed near Abbottabad due to engine problems . TV reports also point towards a fault in the left engine , and ascribe blame to a technical fault in the aircraft . These claims have not been verified by the PIA .
`` It remains to be seen if this was a technical fault , '' Air Marshall ( R ) Shahid Latif told Express . `` In Pakistan , there is a big question regarding whether international safety standards are followed when it comes to aircraft . ''
`` Did the pilot make a detailed call to explain what happened ? We do not have this information at this point . ''
They add : `` In an emergency landing , a plane is supposed to land at the nearest place . Perhaps they did not have this choice ... perhaps the plane was not in good flying condition . If the pilot is not able to sustain the flight of the plane then a crash is inevitable . ''
`` The technical crew can diagnose a problem remotely but they can not fix the issue till the aircraft lands . ''
`` Unfortunately , if an engine develops a fault mid-flight then tragedies like these take place . ''
PK661 flight data . — Dawn
They also said Pakistan bought the ATRs some time ago . `` We had smaller planes which were discontinued and got the ATR instead . They have been flying and there have no problems as such . ''
They added that they are used on short routes routinely . `` To my knowledge there has been no report of a technical problem in the ATRs . ''
Timeline of air crashes in Pakistan
Following is a chronology of major air crashes in Pakistan or involving Pakistani planes :
