Having recently picked up the Rules Compendium and Heroes of the Fallen Lands for D & D , a part of their Essentials line , the question of course begs to be asked : How Essential is it ? The answer , dear readers , lies in this article .
What is the Rules Compendium ? It 's one of the 10 D & D “ Essentials ” products for the 4th edition of Dungeons & Dragons . 4th edition ( or , as all the cool kids say , 4e ) was , of course , released a couple of years ago . In that time , the game and its rules have gone through several revisions , corrections , errata and updates . Pages and pages of them .
The main purpose of Essentials is to introduce new players to the game , and to bring back lapsed players . The classes in the first Essentials players ' book , Heroes of the Fallen Lands , are in many ways significantly less complicated than the classes from the Player 's Handbook . This is perfect for new players as the options presented just in the PHB alone can be overwhelming .
But what about the Rules Compendium ? Is it useful ? In a word : yes . In two words : yes , absolutely . The Rules Compendium gathers all of the rules , errata , updates , revisions and corrections together , injects some new ones of its own ( such as the new skill challenge system ) and ties them all together into a very nice , paperbound 320 page 6×9 book . Even if you already have other books from 4e , the Rules Compendium is extremely useful to have , unless you like playing with the non-errata 'd rules .
There are dozens of subtle changes to the rules , and a few big obvious changes . I mentioned skill challenges before . Yes , they and the difficulty classes for skills have been redone .. again . However , this is the best iteration of skill challenges in my opinion , and the skill DC chart is brilliant , once again bringing challenge to skills , but not making the DCs too high . There are also guidelines for improvising with skills .
Two other big changes are a random treasure system and magic item rarity . Magic items are now divided into three types ; common ( which can be bought and made ) , uncommon ( most of the magic items already published , with a few exceptions ) and rare items ( a handful of which are supposed to be given in the upcoming DM 's kit ) . Oh , and no more will you be stuck with a paltry 20 % of your magic item 's value when you sell it .. now you can get 20 % , 50 % or 100 % of the item 's value provided you can find a buyer . Some of you might twitch at that , but trust me , it works .
Also , the Rules Compendium is very , very well organized and cross-referenced . What Rules Compendium * does n't * have been races , classes , feats and equipment lists . Those are in Heroes of the Fallen Lands .
Heroes of the Fallen Lands is the first player 's book , and it contains large sections of the Rules Compendium ( the basic rules , especially as it pertains to character creation , skills and combat ) , the new rules for humans , elves , dwarves and halflings and the new builds for the Essentials cleric , fighter , rogue and wizard as well as the charts for equipment , feats and a few magic items . Because it has such large sections of the Rules Compendium in it , a player does n't necessarily need a copy of the Rules Compendium , though I would suggest having at least one copy of the RC in a group as , even with the duplicated info in HotFL , it is indispensable in my opinion .
When Essentials was announced , the series of tubes that is the internets suddenly flared with the anger of a million raging nerds flinging accusations that Essentials was either “ D & D 4.5 ” or that it was dumbed down 4e . While the Essentials builds of the classes are simpler than the ones out of the core Player 's Handbook , they are not dumbed down . As for the 4.5 accusation , that 's not accurate either . There is absolutely no reason whatsoever that Essentials stuff can not be used alongside “ normal ” 4e . None . Yeah , Essentials does update several things ( including some very nice updates to old standby feats ) , but items , creatures , feats , powers , classes and anything else from 4e can be used right alongside the Essentials rules . In fact , we played our normal 4e game last session using the Rules Compendium and it was seemless…dare I say better and more organized .
So , can I recommend the Rules Compendium and Heroes of the Fallen Lands ? As someone that owns all but a handful of 4e rulebooks and has been playing 4e since the day 4e became available I can definitely , absolutely , without hesitation recommend these two books .
[ tags ] D & D , Dungeons and Dragons , games , gaming , geek , review , Role Playing Games , role playing game , rpg , rpgs , Tabletop [ /tags ]
Here Are The 10 Best Places To Live In Chicago… And Why
Chicago – as a whole – is wonderful , but there are some neighborhoods in the city that are better than others . From low crime rates to good schools and well-kept infrastructure , these places are the best in which to find a home . Popular for good reasons , these are the 10 best places to live in all of Chicago . Keep scrolling for details about these lovely neighborhoods .
1 . Lincoln Square Flickr/Andrew Seaman Full of beautiful , historic homes , this neighborhood has many gardens , nature trails , and charming streets to traverse . It is home to many breweries and bars , as well as the Old Town School of Folk Music where locals can take classes . 2 . Edgewater Wikimedia Commons/Alanscottwalker Locals love this place for its Lake Michigan beaches , tree-lined streets , and boutique shops and restaurants . Visitors enjoy gawking at the 19th century houses and other incredible architecture in this part of the city . It is also easily accessible to downtown via the Red line or LSD ( Lake Shore Drive ) . 3 . Lincoln Park Wikimedia Commons/Alanscottwalker As one of the most popular places to live in Chicago , the schools and attractions here are great , but the cost of living is high . This is due to the many fun things to do in the neighborhood , such as the Lincoln Park Zoo , Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum , North Avenue Beach , Alfred Caldwell Lily Pool , and more . Visitors have a hard time not falling in love with this gorgeous place . 4 . Portage Park Wikimedia Commons/Orestek Nature lovers rejoice in this historically Polish neighborhood known for the park from which it gets its name . The 36-acre green park includes a playground and paths for walking . Locals can be found at one of many delicious restaurants or checking out an art deco film at The Patio . 5 . Edison Park Wikimedia Commons/Smallbones On the west side of the city sits a more budget-friendly pocket that is lovely and charming . Many police and firefighters live here , making it a safe place . Nightlife here is mostly for dining or grabbing a drink at a family-friendly bar or restaurant . 6 . Near South Side Wikimedia Commons/Steve Browne & John Verkleir For a neighborhood that 's as close to downtown as you can get , you 'll want to live here . This neighborhood is just south of the Loop , Printer 's Row , and Grant Park , giving you access to all the best things to do in the city . Most locals live in high rise condos with lakefront views . 7 . Logan Square Wikimedia Commons/Thshriver For a vibrant , yet peaceful atmosphere , you 'll love this younger , artsy community . Known for its bars and restaurants , it even has a jazz bar and all-vegetarian restaurant that locals love . Visitors should take a drive or stroll around historic Palmer Square for a look at beautiful stone and brick houses . 8 . Hyde Park Wikimedia Commons/Urbanrules Home to the University of Chicago , the Smart Art Museum , the Museum of Science and Industry , the Oriental Institute , and more , locals are never at a loss of things to do here . You 'll enjoy lovely views of the skyline as you roam through two large parks that grace the neighborhood . 9 . Bridgeport Wikimedia Commons/Victor Grigas Historically a neighborhood for working class families , this section of the city is home to Chinatown . It is known for being ethnically diverse both in population and culture . There are many Mexican and Chinese restaurants to enjoy as well as specialty shops to spruce up your personal kitchen supply stock . 10 . Wicker Park Wikipedia/Nitram242 Just west of the Kennedy Expressway , this neighborhood has a hipster vibe and youthful culture . Located in the West Town community , it is popular for its indie food scene and nightlife . Locals also enjoy the vintage district , which has been placed on the National Register of Historic Places .
If you 're looking for more great places to live , check out 10 towns in Illinois you 'll want to move to ASAP .
Which Chicago neighborhood do you live in ? Share with us why you think it 's the best place in the city !
In the next half of this century , humans will be regularly engaging in sexual activity with robots , and maybe even falling in love with them , according to Helen Driscoll , a psychologist who specialises in sex and mate choices at the University of Sunderland in the UK .
Them comments came while discussing the technological advances that are making sex dolls more interactive than ever before , and they present a future eerily similar to that of the Joaquin Phoenix film Her , where the main character falls in love with an operating system on their computer ( voiced by Scarlett Johansson no less , who could blame him ? )
`` As virtual reality becomes more realistic and immersive and is able to mimic and even improve on the experience of sex with a human partner ; it is conceivable that some will choose this in preference to sex with a less than perfect human being , '' Driscoll told David Watkinson from the Daily Mirror .
And while that may sound kinda out there , it 's already happening . Porn companies are beginning to splurge on making virtual reality porn , which is filmed from the actor 's point of view and allows viewers to use a virtual reality headset , such as Google cardboard or an Oculus Rift , to explore and look around the movie , making them feel as though they 're really there .
`` You can enjoy a totally new perception of adult content , more immersive and deep ... and it gets closer to a real experience , '' Linda Wells , who works with company VirtualRealPorn , told News.com.au .
VirtualRealPorn is also taking things to the next level by partnering with sex toy company Lovsense . The idea is that someone will be able to get 'intimate ' with one of these sex toys ( vibrators for women , Fleshlight-type toys for men ) and it 'll be programmed to activate in response to the virtual reality porn they 're watching - basically simulating sex .
And although that might sound incredibly creepy to you right now , Driscoll believes that the onslaught of technology over the coming decades will make the behaviour increasingly mainstream .
`` We tend to think about issues such as virtual reality and robotic sex within the context of current norms , '' they told Watkinson . `` But if we think back to the social norms about sex that existed just 100 years ago , it is obvious that they have changed rapidly and radically . ''
In fact , they think it 's not that much of a stretch from many of today 's online relationships , which are often conducted without the couple meeting face to face .
`` We should not automatically assume that virtual relationships have less value than real relationships . The fact is , people already fall in love with fictional characters though there is no chance to meet and interact with them , '' Driscoll explained . `` And , as some people start to prefer technologically enhanced virtual sex to sex with humans , we may also see greater numbers of people living alone , spending more time in virtual reality . ''
That lack of human contact could be harmful for a lot of people , with loneliness linked to a whole range of physical and emotional problems . `` But , in the long term , technology may overcome these problems , '' said Driscoll , referring to robots that look , feel , and act more like humans .
If there 's one thing we humans are good at , it 's coming up with clever new ways to get off , so we ca n't say we 're too shocked by Driscoll 's predictions . But while you 're waiting for society to get on board with your AI love affair , enjoy watching these people try virtual reality porn for the first time . The future looks ... bright ?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Generators provided some light during the power cut in Karachi
A major power failure plunged large parts of southern Pakistan into darkness on Tuesday night .
Worst affected was the port city of Karachi , a city of 20 million , where many people spent a sleepless night because of warm and humid weather .
The city 's privately-run power company , K-Electric , said the disruption had been caused by a fault in the distribution system .
The company said engineers were working to fully restore the service .
K-Electric said one of its main transmission lines had tripped on Tuesday evening , leading to breakdowns at three different power plants .
Business centres were blacked out and shoppers had difficulties leaving crowded shopping malls , Pakistani media reported .
Power cuts are common in Pakistan because of chronic electricity shortages .
Last Tuesday , a similar outage left parts of Karachi without power for up to 18 hours .
And last month , prolonged power cuts were blamed for many deaths in a devastating heatwave in Karachi .
Jim Harbaugh is crazy .
At least according to San Francisco 49ers linebacker Patrick Willis , who says playing for Harbaugh is a different kind of experience .
`` He is crazy , but he 's a good crazy , '' Willis told ESPN Radio ( via ProFootballTalk.com ) . `` He 's the kind of crazy that there is not a player on that team that would not go to war with him . And when I say 'Go to war with him , ' I mean , he 's crazy -- but most people would say , 'How could somebody be crazy but it 's good ? '
`` He 's crazy in that if they had to lay themselves on the line to make sure that you 'd live , the guy beside them would keep fighting , they would do that . That 's crazy , but he 's that type of coach for us and they have that with us . ''
After going back-to-back with Mike Singletary and now Harbaugh , the 49ers might want to temper the intensity with their next coach . Someone tell Jim Caldwell to stay ready .
Part One of Bernard Schweizer 's essay on James Wood 's God-hating novel is here .
_______________________
How is it possible to at once be furious with God and not believe in Him at all ?
The Book Against God chips away at old-fashioned religious identity politics . In doing so , it suggests that we are activating different parts of our identity , especially our religious identity , depending on the context .
For example , in their “ public ” statements , Wood 's hero , Tom Bunting , comes across as around 80 % atheist and 20 % agnostic . In their private musings they admit to being “ against inherited religion ” —a kind of anti-theism . But when it comes to their “ Book Against God , ” their book-within-the-book , they come across as stridently God-hating .
Now , some of these positions are not all that incompatible . Many atheists are also enemies of religion ( hence , anti-theists ) —Christopher Hitchens has identified themselves as just such a rebel . It also makes sense to waver between atheism and agnosticism , as Philip Pullman sometimes does in their public statements . But there are less likely combinations of religious non-conformism . It would be incompatible to be , say , an atheist and a Unitarian at the same time . Similarly , the combination of atheism ( non-belief ) and misotheism ( God-hatred ) would seem be a very odd couple of religious dissent . To combine both stances simply violates logic .
As I argue in Hating God , one needs to believe in God in order to genuinely hate him . True , atheists may hate the idea of God , but their hatred of the figure of God amounts to something comparable to hating a fictional character , say Iago or the Grinch who stole Christmas . This is not the same as believing in the existence of God while denouncing them as a criminal deity .
“ The most vain , the most ferocious… ”
Having said this , I must acknowledge that some people do appear to hold in balance both a misotheistic hatred of the “ existing ” God and a hatred of the mere God idea .
For instance , there is Michael Bakunin who reviled Yahweh as “ the most jealous , the most vain , the most ferocious , and the most unjust , the most bloodthirsty , the most despotic [ deity ] , ” and yet , Bakunin also acknowledged that “ the idea of God implies the abdication of human reason and justice ” and that “ the religious heaven is nothing but a mirage in which man , exalted by ignorance and faith , discovers their own image. ” Similarly , Pierre-Joseph Proudhon brooded that “ God is hypocrisy and falsehood ; God is tyranny and misery ; God is evil ” and yet they too refer to the “ God idea ” or the “ hypothesis of God . ”
Fast-forward from these nineteenth-century iconoclasts and you get Philip Pullman who keeps reiterating that they are an atheist ( successfully so , since everybody agrees with him ) , and yet they write one of the misotheistic masterpieces of the late-twentieth century , Their Dark Materials . Go figure .
And so I went , and I figured . Literally . The result of my figuring is a diagram that depicts graphically how I conceive of the relationship between Pullman 's or Tom Bunting 's ( negative ) faith and the non-believer 's hatred of a fictional God idea . ( Note that the names above the middle denote actual people while the names below the dividing line stand for fictional characters . The same color code was applied to match an author to his/her fictional creation . )
First , what this diagram shows is a continuum of diminishing intensity of God-hatred from left to center : from rage , to hatred , to anger , to resentment .
And , as we can see , as the intensity of hatred for the “ real ” God diminishes , it enters a phase where it can coexist with the diminished hatred for a God taken to be merely a figment of the imagination . In other words , mildly misotheistic individuals can have at the same time a tendency to be atheists who have a moderate hatred for the ( fictional ) God idea .
Note well that not all atheists are disposed to hating a fictional God . Perhaps most of them simply can not be bothered to resent a collective mental construct , i.e . God .
But it is also true that some of the New Atheists , like Richard Dawkins or Christopher Hitchens , have been very outspoken and passionate in their denunciation of fictional Yahweh 's criminal shortcomings . Their hatred of the God idea seems real , even while they maintain not a shred of belief in the existence of God .
On the left side of the spectrum are individuals like William Blake or Algernon Swinburne whom it would be pointless to convince of God 's non-existence . Their poetry is suffused with religious revolt and reverence of one kind or another . They were haters of a God they truly believed in , i.e . theists with a visceral resentment against Yahweh . These are the God-hating purists .
But in the middle of the continuum there are poets like Shelley , the anarchists Proudhon and Bakunin , our contemporary Philip Pullman , and , it turns out , the fictional Tom Bunting , who do appear to balance belief in a despicable God with hatred of the mere God idea . For such individuals , it appears , the believer 's and the non-believer 's form of God-hatred interpenetrate .
Also , and interestingly , it appears that with one or two exceptions , God-hating characters of fiction are more radically , passionately , and provocatively angry at God than their creators , i.e . the writers themselves .
This brings me to the next important subject : What is the relationship between writers and their fictional creations ?
Biographical Fallacy ? Rubbish .
First rule of literary criticism : Do n't identify fictional characters with their authors . Amendment : the first rule is suspended till further notice .
To let an author 's life illuminate their work and vice versa is sometimes branded as a “ biographical fallacy. ” The term implies that biographical information tarnishes the noble autonomy of the literary artifact and should not be taken into account when interpreting a given work . I find this to be nonsense .
After teaching literature to both undergraduate and graduate students for upwards of twenty years , I found that students ' eyes regularly light up and a ripple of understanding goes through the class when I pour a drop or two of biographical info into the test tube filled with literary matter . That 's when reactions often start to happen .
And how could it be otherwise ? “ The Death of Ivan Ilyich ” is strongly , if inversely , related to Leo Tolstoy 's own life and beliefs . Although Ivan Ilyich 's values ( chasing after possessions , craving social reputation , seeking career advancement ) are pretty much the obverse of Leo Tolstoy 's Christian anarchist outlook , the author is reflected in their character as the mold is in the cast . Talking about Tolstoy not only brings Ilyich into better relief , it also opens new avenues of discussion about religious and political ideologies and their bearing on the story .
And the list of authors ' alter egos goes on : John Cheever 's celebrated short story “ The Swimmer ” is a take on the author 's own struggles with addiction , down to their preferred intoxicant : gin . The similarities between James Joyce and Stephen Dedalus go beyond their shared hatred of the Catholic Church and disdain for the Irish state . Rebecca West 's character Cordelia ( in The Fountain Overflows ) is such a thinly-veiled , unflattering rendition of the author 's sister , Leticia , that West felt compelled to patch things up by dedicating the novel to them
The last example points to the complex ( and real ) psychological entanglements that occur between authors and characters . Psychological schools of criticism have thrived on such dynamics . But the analyzing tendency of psychological criticism has sometimes been accused of verging on voyeurism , where the author 's secrets are pried from their characters on the critic 's couch .
James Wood comments on this investigative turn in literary criticism :
“ the critic as analyst or perhaps as detective interrogates the text for those moments at which the poem seems to be displaying its stresses ; when , in effect , it is sweating . These are the moments at which an anxiety is being repressed . Having found these moments , the critic then announces that the real subject of the poem is this very anxiety or the struggle to hide it . ”
Wood is wary of this method , but I feel that they may not quite do it justice . After all , authors may deliberately play hide-and-seek with their more sophisticated readers , transferring to their characters some important truths that , for one reason or another , can not be stated directly . There 's even a good chance that authors actually want to be read biographically . Until recently , the idea of God-hatred was so explosive that to mention it publicly would have risked ruining an author 's career . But carefully packaged as the view of a character , an author could still give vent to their forbidden rage , perhaps in the hope of being found out by the more “ discriminating readers . ”
Alternatively , authors may simply be conflicted or unsure about certain points of their own belief and use fiction to work through vexing problems . Once again , this struggle may not be evident on the surface of the story or may not even be explicitly “ intended ” by the author .
And this brings me back to Philip Pullman : My linking of Pullman with misotheism has been greeted with some incredulity . The Washington Post review of my book ended by quipping “ I would like to be in the same room when Schweizer tells Pullman that they believe in God. ” That 's smart—but not quite smart enough .
It may be presumptuous to tell anybody what they or they believe . But as Pullman has reminded us in their acceptance speech for the Carnegie medal in 2000 , “ all stories teach. ” And if that is so , then one would assume that there is a connection between the author-as-teacher and the story-as-lesson .
In writing one of the greatest stories of misotheism in recent memory ( i.e . Their Dark Materials ) , Philip Pullman is teaching their readers that they should look to liberal , secular values to give meaning to their lives and that they should despise deities as the dispensers of morality . By identifying them as a misotheist , all I 'm doing is holding Pullman-the-teacher accountable for the contents of their own lesson .
Referring back to the diagram introduced above , it becomes quite obvious that authors do in fact tend to dramatize their private beliefs in the lives of their characters . If you look to the evidence—private letters , diaries , unpublished drafts—it 's often clear that the authors who write misotheistic stories share this negative view of divinity , whether or not they openly and publicly own up to it .
A Mild Case of Misotheism
The relevance of all this for our novel under discussion , James Wood 's Book Against God , begins to come into focus now .
To recap : the central character of this story , Tom Bunting , is a closeted misotheist ( who may not be fully cognizant of the fact that other people share their hatred of God ) , whose “ official ” pronouncements depict them as an atheist with a dash of agnosticism and an occasional bout of anti-clerical rage . What does this allow us to say about the author who created this character ?
Well , their novel is quite openly biographical , with the action set mainly in Wood 's own birthplace . Like Tom , Wood grew up in a religiously devout family and went through their own process of de-conversion . We do get an inkling of this in one of their articles , “ Notes on the New Atheism , ” where they write that “ I grew up in a religious household ” and that reading Bertrand Russell 's subversive essay “ Why I am Not a Christian ” in their youth had “ seemed massively invigorating . ”
It is fitting for a novel about religious conflict , that Tom 's relationship with the father looms large . Tom 's dad , Peter , is a Christian minister , while their son is literally a doubting Thomas . Much of Wood 's narrative concerns the tension between these two antagonists . But it is a milder tension than the intense frustration that informs the work of disappointed misotheists like Zora Neale Hurston and Rebecca West—both of whom reflexively equated their father 's betrayal of them with God 's abandonment of humanity . By contrast , Tom genuinely loves their father ; they just finds them to be a bit pathetic and tiresome in their studious benevolence and unfaltering Christian optimism .
And Tom never wrestles directly with God ; neither do they plot deicide , like an “ absolute misotheist. ” Instead they mainly struggle with their inability to communicate their religious doubts to their father . Even Tom 's “ Book Against God ” gradually loses steam .
So , Tom is a borderline misotheist . In the diagram above , they are somewhere in the middle of the spectrum , flanked by Proudhon , Shelley , and Pullman . And I strongly suspect that Wood themselves belongs in that same basic region of the continuum of God-hatred .
Of course , saying this opens me up to the charge of indulging the “ biographical fallacy. ” But taking my cue from Gustave Flaubert , who explicitly identified themselves with Madame Bovary , I am willing to speculate that James Wood might say “ Tom Bunting , c'est moi . ”
Ron Paul claimed they did n't get the endorsement of Donald Trump because they were the only Republican presidential `` candidate that did n't kiss their ring . ''
Paul hit at their GOP rivals for meeting with the billionaire real estate mogul in 2011 , the State Column reports . Mitt Romney , who met with Trump in late September but denied media access to the encounter , received Trump 's endorsement Feb. 2 , just days ahead of the 2012 Nevada Caucuses .
In an interview with Fox 13 News , Paul downplayed the value of Trump 's endorsement , saying they `` ca n't imagine why anybody talks about him . ''
`` I do n't think they have that much credibility , '' Paul said . `` I never went up to see him . I do n't understand why people pay any attention to him . ''
This is n't the first time Paul has jabbed Trump . They released an earlier statement asking `` why anyone would care '' about Trump 's endorsement of Romney .
Paul also refused to participate in a Trump-moderated debate in early December , calling it `` wildly inappropriate . '' Trump 's debate appearance was eventually canceled .
April 17 , 2016
Expecting Students To Show Up On Time Is White Supremacy
Blake Neff writes at The Daily Caller of a session at the 17th Annual White Privilege Conference -- yes , there is such a thing , and it 's going on through today , in Philly .
One speaker is education consultant and former prof of multi-culti education at Minnesota 's St . Cloud State ( where they taught future teachers ) , Dr. Heather Hackman . They `` argued at the White Privilege Conference ( WPC ) in Philadelphia that great teachers must also be liberal activists , and described in detail their goal for destroying the 'white supremacist ' nature of modern education . ''
Neff :
In Hackman 's telling , virtually everything associated with being a good student in modern education is actually just a tool of racist white supremacy . `` The racial narrative of White tends to be like this : Rugged individual , honest , hard-working , disciplined , rigorous , successful , '' they said . `` And so then , the narrative of U.S. public education : Individual assessments , competition , outcome over process ( I care more about your grades than how you 're doing ) , 'discipline ' where we care more about your attendance and making sure you 're not tardy than we care about your relationships ... proper English must be spoken ( which is just assimilation into standard U.S. dialect ) , hierarchical power structure , and heavy goal orientation . '' While the traits listed may simply be regarded as positive traits for success in the modern world , Hackman described them as specific cultural traits chosen and emphasized to favor whites to the detriment of non-white groups , who are forced to assimilate white traits such as good discipline and goal orientation or else be left behind .
Is there anything more racist than this woman 's thinking ?
*
As most of you will have noticed , the current economic climate is n't particularly rosy when it comes to available work for us creatives .
Let me rephrase that . The current economic climate is n't particularly rosy when it comes to available work for a large proportion of us creatives . There are many people out there who , for various reasons , still do earn a very good living from creative projects , and many who are doing better now than they ever have in the past .
Just like with all industries that get hit by an economic correction , the weak do n't survive and many of the strong remain . A difficult economy coupled with increasing competition over the next few years will pose various threats to creatives , especially independent workers .
Is there anything we can do to put us in the best possible position , so that we not only survive , but so that we succeed well too ?
Be aware of the following key things that could make all the difference for you as a creative worker over the coming years…
1 . Being your own brand
This is mentioned a great deal on Red Lemon Club , but bears repeating for this post . Simply , brands are memorable and brands are credible . A brand will attract people to you .
Having a brand does n't necessarily mean having a logo or a brand name , though this will add depth to your brand . It means attaching a particular style to the way you work . This applies to your website , how you describe yourself , the style , attitude and message in your work , how you deal with customers and how you present your work .
All of it needs to be consistent and recognisable . If you can get to a stage where the work you do exhibits something of your own brand , you are a cut above the rest .
2 . Focusing on one skill
This may generate some resistance from those of you who advertise several skills under one brand , but I 'm going to step in here .
Things are only going to get tougher with competition increasing from the many more people becoming freelancers all over the world . If you are trying to make money with more than one creative skill , you will be spreading yourself thin , and you will likely find yourself buckling under the pressure .
My advice is to focus daily on becoming extremely good at one thing and honing a distinct style in the process ( by all means expand your skills in other things , but focus on one from a commercial point of view ) and just watch your value grow over time .
“ Focus daily on becoming extremely good at one thing and honing a distinct style in the process . ”
3 . Having a marketing plan
If you work for money as an independent creative , be it part time , or full time , you are in business , and businesses need proper marketing plans . You need to know who you intend for your products and services to be seen and used by . You then need to have an idea ( at least an idea ! ) of how , when and with what you will promote your stuff at an on-going rate .
Those of you who do n't know how to bring prospects and previous clients to your brand , will struggle .
4 . Regularly building your network
Yes some of you think the idea of networking is plain grim . Yes it can sometimes take extra effort to reach out to someone and hook up with them . But you are doing yourself and your business a massive disservice by letting your social network , both real world and online , go stagnant .
Keep building it , rekindling old relationships and sparking new ones . Knowing a solid network of people will be your backbone , especially in tough times . Write emails , ping people , engage on social networks , go to meetups , buy cool people lunch .
“ Keep building it , rekindling old relationships and sparking new ones . ”
5 . Having a solid financial setup
Ahhh , so tedious yes ? Again , this relates to the fact that if you want to be earning a living or an income of some kind from your creative pursuits , you need to be viewing it as a business . You guessed right , a business needs a proper financial structure and plan in place .
I hope to cover the details of this through Red Lemon Club soon , but I 'd advise you get a book out on the basics of finance in business , and what you need to be doing as a freelancer or self-employed person to ensure you survive financially ( obviously everything relies on an income in the end ) .
This should cover how to use a balance sheet , in-goings and outgoings , tax and when it 's due , and profit and loss .
Hiring an accountant will put you in good stead too , but having one will not automatically protect you from eventually going bust . You need to know what you are doing from a financial perspective . Strong businesses are always financially literate .
6 . Striving for excellence
Especially in tough times , you just can not settle for the average or mediocre . So many people are using things like the recession as an excuse to cut corners , then they wonder why their businesses are shutting down .
You need to be striving for excellence more than ever , because excellence sells . This applies to the quality of your work , the service you provide , how you deal with people and how you present everything . Even the small things are important . This is even more important than you think .
Show that you care about every detail of your business and your work , and people will be drawn to you .
“ You need to be striving for excellence more than ever , because excellence sells . ”
7 . Genuinely caring for others
Sounds a bit gooey right ? But this is a post that is effectively about standing out . Caring about people , including your clients and customers will set you apart . Going beyond what is expected will set you apart even more , and benefit you in surprising ways over the long term too .
As always , your comments are really encouraged , and I 'll try and respond to questions you have .
Do share this post on social media . If you do , I may send you something special .
.
Days after it emerged that the controversy about a faulty electronic voting machine in Madhya Pradesh had more to do with inaccurate media reporting than rigged technology , the same script seems to have played out in Rajasthan 's Dholpur .
On April 9 , Aak Tak reported that at least one EVM being used for the Dholpur Assembly bye-poll was registering votes for the Bharatiya Janata Party even when other buttons were pressed . One voter told the news channel that though they voted for the Congress , the slip that registered their vote had the BJP 's lotus symbol on it .
The story was immediately picked up by the Congress-led Opposition in Rajasthan , and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal , who has seized upon reports of faulty EVMs to allege that the Election Commission is somehow rigging elections on behalf of the BJP . The Dholpur incident became yet another rhetorical point in an Opposition narrative that suggests EVMs are being fixed to favour the BJP .
As with the Madhya Pradesh incident , where it emerged that shoddy local reporting was picked up by the national press and turned into a story about EVMs that only voted for the BJP , the Dholpur case is riddled with holes .
What officials say happened
According to Dholpur district collector Suchi Tyagi , as many as 10 electronic voting machines had to be replaced for the April 9 bye-poll because of technical errors found in their control units . While errors in eight machines were diagnosed before voting began , two came to light during the polling . “ But we have so far come across no complainants who say that they voted for one party and saw VVPAT slip pertaining to another . ”
A Voter Verified Paper Audit Trail machine attached to the EVM allows voters to check if the machine is recording the right vote . A paper slip with the party symbol showing the vote that has been recorded appears on a display screen for seven seconds and then automatically drops inside the machine . It was being used for the first time in Rajasthan .
Returning Officer Manish Faujdar told reporters that the machines that had to be replaced had actually stopped working because of technical errors . Explaining further , a district official who asked to remain anonymous said that the machines flashed error codes , which can pertain to a wide range of issues , including function of cables , cells and others . As a result , technicians had to be called to the polling booths who then decided to replace those EVMs . According to the official , EVMs do not function when it displays an error code .
The case of polling booth number 163 in Dholpur was different . Unlike the other technical errors , the problem with the EVM there seemed to be the result of district authorities messing up . “ The mock drill data in the control unit of the voting machine at poll number 163 was not erased , ” Madhya Pradesh Chief Electoral Officer of Rajasthan Ashwini Bhagat told Scroll.in .
This means that the machine had already counted a certain number of votes , from the mock drill that was held to test it before election day . Officials realised that the total number of votes recorded by the machine was greater than the number of votes that had actually been cast that day , and so they halted voting . A re-poll for booth number 163 was held on April 11 .
Despite these issues , Bhagat said that the Election Commission had so far not come across any voter complaining that the VVPAT slip showed a different slip than the one of the party they had voted for .
What was reported
Aaj Tak 's report , however , said that there was a complaint about an EVM registering the wrong vote . The news channel 's story quoted a man named Rakesh Jain saying they voted for the Congress , but saw a slip with the BJP 's symbol emerging . It also attributed some of these details to Faujdar , the Returning Officer .
Faujdar did speak to reporters later , with their statement having been recorded and circulated with the local press , but their comments only refer to technical errors and do not include any reference to Rakesh Jain , the voter who allegedly complained about an EVM . Attempts to reach Faujdar have been unsuccessful .
The local administration , according to Dholpur district collector Suchi Tyagi , only heard about the complaint after they came across the Aaj Tak report . This prompted them to look out for Rakesh Jain , who was quoted by the news channel . The administration did find a voter with the same name , who had cast their vote at booth number 163 , and they asked them to sign an undertaking about their experience that day .
The undertaking in Hindi signed by Rakesh Jain , a copy of which is in Scroll.in 's possession , says : “ I did not speak to anyone from Aaj Tak channel nor did I say that I voted for Congress and saw slip pertaining to BJP . I am satisfied with the voting mechanism and I am oblivious of how I was named in a news story . ”
Rajasthan Chief Electoral Officer Ashwini Bhagat said that Jain 's undertaking is part of a detailed report which they have sent to Election Commission of India concluding that no such complaint was received .
Wrong man ?
The story took a turn on the evening of April 10 , when the district administration came across a video clip recorded by a local reporter who freelances for a Hindi news channel . In the video , a person can be seen complaining about a mismatch between the party symbol they voted for and the slip they saw on the VVPAT machine . But they do not name the parties . The reporter , who did not wish to be identified , said that the man in the video had identified themselves as Rakesh Jain , although they do not say this in the recording . The video clip itself was not broadcast on Aaj Tak or any other TV channel .
The man in the video however is not the same as the Rakesh Jain whom the district authorities identified and asked to sign an undertaking .
“ We have identified the man in the video and they are not Rakesh Jain , ” said Dholpur collector Suchi Tyagi on the morning of April 11 . “ The man in the video is apparently the resident of another locality which does not come under the jurisdiction of poll booth number 163 . Teams are looking out for him . ”
Another senior officer , who did not wish to be identified , said that the poll booth in which the man identified in the video might have cast their vote in had indeed witnessed an EVM replacement , owing to a technical error , but no other voter from that booth has complained about an EVM and VVPAT mismatch . That issue is expected to be clearer once the man has been identified and questioned .
Their testimony , in fact , becomes even more important because any official complaint about an EVM 's functioning requires the concerned voter to sign a declaration under the Conduct of Elections Rules , 1961 . Any false information on their or their part is punishable by imprisonment , penalty and/or both .
Another video ?
To add to the confusion , another video clip has also been making the rounds in Dholpur , featuring a person who does not identify themselves on camera , but claims to have voted in poll booth number 163 . The video shows the man saying that they voted for Congress and the VVPAT slip displayed the BJP symbol . When asked about this , however , the local officer said that until the evening of April 11 the administration was only aware of one clip which they had concluded was not of a voter from booth number 163 .
Two days after the bye-poll took place , despite the story having gone national after it was picked up by Kejriwal and other Opposition figures , there are two videos , no trace of the people in them and , most importantly , no official complaint about any EVM registering votes different from the ones cast . The Election Commission also reiterated this in a press release issued on April 11 .
“ The Chief Electoral Officer has also informed that no complaint of mismatch in the voting has been reported from anywhere by voter or candidate/political party during the entire polling period , ” the release said . “ In light of above , the reports appeared in a section of media have been found to be incorrect and baseless . ”
In this Thursday , March 30 , 2017 photo , Cindy Shaw , Newcastle middle school librarian , teaches seventh grade students about citing sources during a class in the library in Newcastle , Okla. Four years ago , Oklahoma 's oil patch was booming , and state lawmakers were arguing about what to do with $ 200 million in surplus revenue . Now , unwavering confidence in the wisdom of lower taxes has given way to a growing panic over how to pay for basic services like public schools , health care and public safety . ( AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki )
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) — Four years ago , Oklahoma 's oil patch was booming , unemployment was falling and state lawmakers were debating what to do with $ 200 million in surplus revenue .
Republicans who control state government successfully pushed to reduce the state 's top income tax rate , slash the oil and gas production tax rate from 7 percent to 2 percent and give more tax incentives to industry .
But the boom ended and the money dried up . Now the once-unwavering confidence in the wisdom of lower taxes has given way to a growing panic over how to pay for basic services such as schools , health care and public safety . Revenue has fallen about 20 percent short of budgeted needs for the third year in a row .
The situation has deteriorated to the point where highway patrol troopers have been warned not to fill their fuel tanks , and drunken drivers have been able to keep their licenses because there are not enough administrative workers to revoke their driving privileges . Nearly 100 of the state 's 513 school districts have moved to four-day weeks .
Oklahoma 's woes are intensifying just as President Donald Trump 's administration proposes its own ambitious plan to slash corporate and personal taxes . The White House insists the overhaul will spur economic growth and bring prosperity to the middle class , but the idea alarms lawmakers worried about the risk of ballooning federal deficits .
State legislators have already tried cutting the budget . Overall , last year 's inflation-adjusted budget of $ 6.9 billion was 11 percent less than 2009 , according to a recent analysis .
But the spending cuts so far have not been enough to close a projected $ 900 million gap . Lawmakers are weighing drastic steps such as reducing Medicaid payments , which officials say could cause hundreds of nursing homes to close .
“ We 're not running the state based on a plan and a strategy . We 're trying to operate it on a philosophy , ” said State Auditor and Inspector Gary Jones , a former Oklahoma Republican Party chairperson who 's among a growing number of Republicans and Democrats calling for an about-face . “ It seems like we 're afraid to admit we 've made mistakes and correct them . ”
It 's not clear that some in Oklahoma 's GOP are ready to see taxes as a two-way street . The party holds more than three quarters of the Legislature 's seats .
“ I think we need to ... make sure we 've squeezed every nickel , dime and penny out of every corner that we can before we just start raising taxes , ” said Republican Mike Schulz , the Senate leader .
Oklahoma is n't the only red state in tax-cut distress . Lawmakers in GOP-led Kansas , Indiana , Missouri and Mississippi are debating ways of raising more revenue to ease budget problems . In neighboring Arkansas , where Republicans recently won control of the statehouse , GOP leaders approved a more modest tax cut proposal than many conservatives wanted .
It 's difficult to pinpoint whether a specific tax cut leads to economic growth , but lowering the tax burden can sometimes spur the economy , said Nicole Kaeding , an economist for the Tax Foundation , a Washington , D.C.-based research group .
They cited North Carolina as a state that cut individual and corporate tax rates while expanding the sales tax base .
However , they said , tax revenue “ is just one side of the equation . If you just cut tax revenue but do n't cut spending , the state of course is going to have a budget issue . ”
The situation in Oklahoma is particularly dire because the state relies so heavily on the volatile oil and gas industry , which accounts for 13 percent of overall state earnings . Also , term limits regularly send a fresh crop of newly elected GOP officeholders to the Capitol eager to redeem their campaign promises on lower taxes .
Schools , which receive half of state-appropriated funds , are feeling the brunt of the shortfall . The Tulsa district is proposing to close four schools and scrap some sports programs . The state and regional science fairs were listed for elimination until a private donor came forward with a $ 50,000 check . Teachers have not received a raise since 2008 .
Many state agencies have had their budgets cut by 40 percent over the last three years .
When many red states cut taxes in recent years after Republicans made sweeping gains in the 2010 election , their leaders anticipated that any revenue loss would be temporary .
“ There 's been this persistent argument that if we cut taxes , the economy will grow enough to make up for the lost revenue , and it just simply does n't happen , ” said economist Mickey Hepner , the dean of the University of Central Oklahoma 's College of Business .
Republican Gov . Mary Fallin stands by Oklahoma 's 2014 individual income tax cut , which eliminated $ 135 million in annual revenue . They are now calling for tax hikes on cigarettes , fuel and a wide assortment of services to compensate .
“ I 've given a lot of different solutions for our Legislature to consider , ” they said . But no revenue proposals have advanced yet .
So far , Fallin and other Republicans have avoided paying a political price for the problems . Many lawmakers count on support from conservative voters who believe that government can always be smaller .
“ I think if we looked at any government agency , there 's fat that can be trimmed , and that includes the schools , ” said Zane Grider , manager of a car dealership in Newcastle whose two kids now attend school just four days a week . “ If we ran our business the way the government tries to run things , we 'd all be broke . ”
Democrats say they believe many are growing weary of the annual budget crisis .
Residents “ are waiting for leaders in this building to step up and lead , ” said House Democratic Leader Rep. Scott Inman , a Democratic candidate for governor in 2018 . “ The Republican majority , the governor and lieutenant governor , have failed to do so . ”
___
Follow Sean Murphy at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy .
Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved Indianapolis Colts head coach Chuck Pagano watches from the sidelines Oct. 22 , 2017 , during the first half of an NFL football game against the Jacksonville Jaguars in Indianapolis . ( AP Photo/AJ Mast )
Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved Indianapolis Colts head coach Chuck Pagano watches from the sidelines Oct. 22 , 2017 , during the first half of an NFL football game against the Jacksonville Jaguars in Indianapolis . ( AP Photo/AJ Mast )
Charlie Clifford - INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) -- Chuck Pagano was released from their coaching duties for the Indianapolis Colts following Sunday 's win against the Houston Texans , WISH-TV Sports Director Anthony Calhoun first reported on Sunday evening .
Breaking : I 've just learned that Chuck Pagano has been released of their duties as # Colts Coach . - Anthony Calhoun ( @ ACwishtv ) December 31 , 2017
After missing the postseason for the third consecutive year , the Indianapolis Colts have fired head coach Chuck Pagano after six years at the helm of the franchise . The 57-year-old finishes their run in Indianapolis after a 4-12 mark in 2017 , their first sub .500 campaign with the Colts .
Following a promising start during Pagano 's first three seasons in charge , the tables were turned during their final three seasons in Indianapolis . From 2015-17 , the Colts failed to finish above .500 and missed the postseason during each campaign . Pagano posted an overall record during that span of 20-28 including a 9-9 mark against the AFC South .
The decline in 2017 resulted in the franchise 's first losing season since 2011 and only its third overall dating back to 2001 .
Pagano 's first three seasons in charge of the Colts were highlighted by three consecutive 11-5 seasons and playoff appearances from 2012-14 . In the process , Pagano became only the second head coach in NFL history to earn 11 wins in each of their first three seasons with a team and became the third head coach in Colts history to reach the playoffs in each of their first three years ( Ted Marchibroda , 1975-77 and Tony Dungy , 2002-04 ) . For two consecutive seasons ( 2013-14 ) , Indianapolis posted perfect 6-0 records against AFC South opponents en route to back-to-back division titles .
Part of Pagano 's lasting legacy in Indianapolis dates back to their first season with the team . Pagano was forced to take a leave of absence just three games into the season after being diagnosed with a curable form of leukemia .
Serving as the team 's interim head coach , offensive coordinator Bruce Arians and the Colts rallied to a 9-3 record following a 1-2 start to the season under Pagano . As the regular season came to an end , the culmination of Arians ' stretch as interim head coach concluded with the team 's playoff-clinching victory at Kansas City ( Week 16 ) .
The stage was set for Pagano to return after missing 12 weeks of action . In the regular season finale , Pagano made their return to the sideline at Lucas Oil Stadium as the Colts defeated Houston to cap an 11-5 regular season . Indianapolis later fell to the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Wildcard Round .
Following their return , Pagano formed the CHUCKSTRONG Foundation , which has raised more than $ 4.7 million for continued cancer research . They also host an annual CHUCKSTRONG Tailgate Gala , which raises awareness and funds for cancer research .
Pagano departs Indianapolis with an overall mark in regular season of 53-43 and a 3-3 record in the postseason .
Many Colts fans said they were not surprised by the decision to part ways with Pagano . They told 24-Hour News 8 it would be tough to see them go , but they think it is best for the team .
`` It has been several years , we have n't moved anywhere . It is time for a change . We 've got a lot of great players , we need to pick up some new draft picks , but it is time to move on from this coaching staff and make a change , '' said Colts fan , Harold Allen .
Others recognized the fact that Pagano had a tough year when it came to injuries .
`` Andrew Luck is the key to it and they have n't been in the game for a little bit , so at the end of the day injuries are going to play a toll on everyone 's ability to win games and the Colts have taken a hit with the injuries right now , '' said Zackery Garcia .
`` It is tough to see Chuck go , but we are going to have to let them go . We do n't have an option at this point , '' said Kyle Martis .
A Christian man was arrested on the day of their son 's funeral in Pakistan last weekend , and charged with insulting Islam – blasphemy – despite being recognised as mentally ill . They are now in prison .
Iqbal Masih , 65 , a retired father of nine , is from the Fazlia Colony of Lahore , a Christian neighbourhood with around 1,000 residents , and has long experienced mental health issues , for which they are on medication .
Muhammad Waqas , the complainant , told World Watch Monitor that whenever Masih failed to take their medicine , they would go out into the street and shout abuse at passers-by .
A close family member of the Masihs , who wished to remain anonymous , told World Watch Monitor that their son , Bobby , had died following a short illness and that their father had stopped taking theirs medication .
“ Bobby 's body was at home and people from the neighbourhood were visiting to pay their condolences when Iqbal started shouting abuse , after which the women left their home , ” Waqas said .
“ Iqbal then recited the kalima [ the Islamic proclamation of faith ] and shouted abuse . Realising that they were not behaving normally , the police were called to take them away so that tension between Christians and Muslims of the area might not arise . ”
But Dilraj John , a local resident , said several Muslim clerics and others had also gathered , angered by Masih 's comments .
“ Some of them wanted to set them on fire , but other sensible people suggested that Masih be handed over to the police as they were experiencing a mental health crisis , ” they said . “ Since then the situation is under control and the situation between Muslims and Christians is no longer tense . ”
“ Masih was mentally suffering . They could start calling names in the middle of the night . The complainant lives next door to him , but there was no previous enmity between them and the sole reason for the complaint was Iqbal 's name-calling , ” they added .
Waqas said Masih had previously been sent to an asylum but that their family could n't afford for them to stay there .
“ I asked the police to send them to the mental asylum again as everyone is fed up with him , ” they said . “ That is why Christians of the area also consented that they were handed over to the police . ”
Amnesty International 's report ‘ As Good As Dead : The Impact Of The Blasphemy Laws In Pakistan ' , notes : “ The Pakistan Penal Code exempts from criminal prosecution those who ‘ by reason of unsoundness of mind , [ are ] incapable of knowing the nature of the act , or that [ they are ] doing what is either wrong or contrary to law ' .
“ However , the burden to prove ‘ unsoundness of mind ' is on the accused , the difficulty of which is compounded within a context of general stigma and lack of awareness about people with mental illnesses in Pakistan . ”
BuyThisSatellite : $ 150K crowdfunding project to provide net access to poor countries with a bankrupt hi-cap comsat
A new NGO called A Human Right is attempting to raise $ 150K in a bid to buy one of the world 's highest capacity communications satellites from its bankrupt owners in order to re-task it to supply Internet access to the world 's poorest people . They plan on building their own super-cheap satellite modems as well .
Unlike most crowdfunding projects , they 've put up bios of their team and advisors ( I pass on nearly every Kickstarter project I get sent because the creators do n't detail any successful project they 've done before ) , which includes telcoms veterans , accomplished technologists , and aerospace experts . They also claim support from organizations as diverse as NASA , Fon , and Deutsche Telekom Labs .
Although we believe in free Internet for the planet , there are some realities to face : like paying the rent . We will offer a diminished service for free to everyone , while allowing telecommunications companies to purchase and re-sell high speed bandwidth . Our goal is to not only get everyone online , but also facilitate the growth of an industry . As the CTO of Deutsche Telekom Thomas Curran advised us : `` You 're evangelizing for access , expanding it . That can only help the industry . '' And helping industry helps developing countries grow .
Buy This Satellite
( via Futurismic )
Report : Chinese Activist Left Embassy Because Their Wife 's Life Was Threatened
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jordan Pouille /AFP/Getty Images Jordan Pouille /AFP/Getty Images
Chinese legal activist Chen Guangcheng has said to The Associated Press that `` he was told Chinese officials would have killed their wife had they not left [ the U.S. ] embassy , '' the wire service reports .
It also writes that `` Guangcheng says a U.S. official told them that Chinese authorities threatened to beat their wife to death had been not left the American Embassy . ''
And the AP adds that they `` says they now want to leave China [ and ] fears for [ his ] family 's safety . ''
Also , `` activist Zeng Jinyan told The Associated Press on Wednesday via Skype that Chinese officials forced Chen to choose between going into exile alone or staying in China with their family . ''
Those accounts vary from the word earlier today , via U.S. officials , that Chen had freely decided to leave the U.S. embassy , where had been staying for the past week or so following their escape from house arrest , and that Chinese officials had made assurances that they would be safe .
The latest news underscores , though , the expressions of unease we reported about earlier .
Update at 4:25 p.m . ET . So , What 's Going On Here ?
Assistant Secretary of State Kurt Campbell , who was at the center of the negotiations over Chen after the activist arrived at the U.S. embassy , told NPR 's Michele Kelemen today that :
`` I probably was in 30 or 40 hours of conversation with him . Every single discussion was about the possibility of how to go back and live a more normal life in China and what we could do to help in that effort . Never once did they talk about asylum or coming to the United States . And I think they fully recognize what are some of the challenges that people who come to the United States in these circumstances face .
`` I do believe that they have anxiety about the period ahead , but I also know from my discussions with them that they feel that the United States and the people that he 's worked with and others and nonprofits , just an enormous number of supporters will be behind them as they go forward . And I think in this set of circumstances , that 's the best you can ask for .
NPR 's Corey Flintoff adds this from their reporting today :
`` Veteran China watchers say that the U.S. officials who negotiated the deal for Chen to leave the embassy and the Chinese officials who approved the deal may be feeling burned by later Chen 's statements. `` 'This was really hard for the Chinese to do , ' says Susan Shirk , head of the 21st Century China Program at the University of California . Shirk says the deal was apparently made over the objections of 'hard-line voices at the top ' of China 's political hierarchy. `` 'It was pretty amazing diplomacy by the two sides—achieving the outcome Chen wanted , ' they add . `` Jeffrey Bader , who served in the Obama administration as a National Security Council adviser on China , says there 's good reason to believe the State Department officials who say they never conveyed any threat from the Chinese to Chen . `` Bader , now a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , notes that the Americans negotiated as a multi-member team , so there would n't be any ambiguity about what was agreed upon . `` On the other hand , Bader says , Chen is a dissident who was beaten and jailed , 'so they have a reasonable basis for concern . ' `` Bader adds that Chen and the people he 's associated with have at least two good reasons to keep them in the spotlight : to keep attention on their cause and also , to assure them of some measure of safety by keeping them under media scrutiny . ''
Update at 3:05 p.m . ET . Chen Tells CNN They Want To Leave China :
Chen has told CNN that `` if they stay here , they will not live , '' the news network 's Stan Grant just said on the air . Chen also said they `` feels he 's been let down by the United States , '' Grant reported , because while in the embassy they were `` cut off from the news and was encouraged to leave . '' After leaving the embassy , Chen told CNN , they learned from their wife about ongoing threats to their life from authorities .
Update at 1 p.m . ET . U.S. Says It Did Not Relay Any Threats :
NPR 's Michele Kelemen reports that the U.S. State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland says in an email that `` at no time did any U.S. official speak to Chen about physical or legal threats to their wife and children . Nor did Chinese officials make any such threats to us . ''
Nuland adds , though , that `` U.S. interlocutors did make clear that if Chen elected to stay in the embassy , Chinese officials had indicated to us that their family would be returned to Shandong , and they would lose their opportunity to negotiate for reunification . ''
Nuland also says that :
`` At no point during their time in the Embassy did Chen ever request political asylum in the US . At every opportunity , they expressed their desire to stay in China , reunify with their family , continue their education and work for reform in their country . All our diplomacy was directed at putting them in the best possible position to achieve their objectives . ''
Our original post — `` Will China Follow Through On Assurances About Activist 's Safety ? ''
From 'Morning Edition ' Listen
The dramatic news that U.S. officials have escorted blind Chinese legal activist Chen Guangcheng to a hospital after receiving assurances that they wo n't be put back under house arrest raises a key question :
Will Chinese authorities follow through on those assurances ?
`` He was escorted from the [ U.S. ] embassy to the hospital . But , frankly , they ca n't be escorted around China for the rest of their life , '' Richard McGregor , Washington bureau chief for The Financial Times said earlier on Morning Edition .
As they pointed out , `` in the past , Chen was actually snatched from the capital '' by authorities from their home city . `` Who 's to say what can happen in the future ? ... Assurances only go so far . ''
As NPR 's Louisa Lim added , `` a lot depends on how this now plays out . ''
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , who has gone to China for previously scheduled discussions , seemed to acknowledge the uncertainty in a statement sent to reporters :
`` I am pleased that we were able to facilitate Chen Guangcheng 's stay and departure from the U.S. embassy in a way that reflected their choices and our values . I was glad to have the chance to speak with them today and to congratulate them on being reunited with their wife and children . `` Mr. Chen has a number of understandings with the Chinese government about their future , including the opportunity to pursue higher education in a safe environment . Making these commitments a reality is the next crucial task . The United States government and the American people are committed to remaining engaged with Mr. Chen and their family in the days , weeks , and years ahead . ''
For their part , Chen told Clinton , `` I want to kiss you , '' during a phone call following their departure from the U.S. embassy — where they had been staying since escaping from house arrest on April 22 .
Chen , a self-trained lawyer , had run afoul of authorities in recent years because of their work to expose a campaign of forced abortions . They reportedly injured themselves during their flight from house arrest .
Chinese authorities have asked the U.S. to apologize for allowing Chen to seek shelter at the U.S. embassy in Beijing . Until today , American officials had not acknowledged their role in the affair .
Trump 's Infrastructure Plan Still Could Use More Planning
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Pugliano/Getty Images Bill Pugliano/Getty Images
Despite America 's rapt attention on former FBI Director James Comey 's testimony , the White House has been observing Infrastructure Week . Infrastructure is one of the only policy areas that could have crossover appeal , but there has been little real movement so far on getting something through Congress .
To kick off the festivities , the president on Monday pushed their plan to privatize air-traffic control . And on Wednesday , they touted their broader infrastructure spending plan . The basic idea of this plan is that the government will spend $ 200 billion , using tax breaks to incentivize private business to , in turn , spend more money on infrastructure projects . Altogether , with state and local contributions as well , spending would total $ 1 trillion . The administration also said that it would cut regulations to help the government `` get out of the way '' of building projects .
Those are the basic outlines of the infrastructure proposal that the administration has been talking about throughout Trump 's first four months in office . However , there 's still not a detailed plan , nothing has been introduced in Congress and answers to some big questions remain elusive .
The administration will have to figure out those details before it formally introduces its plan ( and is n't simply touting it to attempt a diversion from the Comey testimony ) . Here are a few more of the questions the administration will have to ask itself — and , perhaps , transportation policy wonks — if the White House is hoping to implement the plan .
1 . Where are the details ?
Trump 's speech in Cincinnati on Wednesday and a subsequent press release contained little new information on how their plan would work . The administration had said ahead of time that it would be announcing new spending on rural infrastructure , for example . That kind of spending might calm the fears of some rural residents , after Trump 's initial budget proposed slashing rural development and transportation spending .
But in a Wednesday press release on the plan , the only details were :
`` Rural America will receive grants to rebuild crippled bridges , roads , and waterways . ''
A White House spokesperson told NPR via email on Wednesday that there are no further details on that spending .
And while the plan released Wednesday also said the government would spend $ 200 billion , it did n't say how that spending would break down — how much would be for tax credits , and how much would be for grants , for example . The White House spokesperson likewise said those details are not available .
One other question , says one expert , is what the specifics of these partnerships between the government and the private businesses will look like .
`` The idea that you can spur a larger amount of infrastructure funding than the federal dollars is not , in and of itself , unique , '' said Jacob Leibenluft , a senior adviser at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a left-leaning fiscal policy think tank . `` But it 's pretty important to explain how you do it . ''
2 . How many jobs could it really create ?
Trump promotes jobs as a big selling point of their infrastructure plan . But given current economic conditions , the job creation could be underwhelming .
`` The administration talks jobs , jobs , jobs , but I think most economists would recognize that we have the unemployment rate quite low , '' said Douglas Holtz-Eakin , president of the right-leaning American Action Forum and a former head of the Congressional Budget Office . `` The number of new jobs that would be created is limited . ''
There could be some economic boosts , Holtz-Eakin added , but it might not show up in those headline jobs numbers . Rather , they said , there are other potential benefits .
`` It would be a productivity improvement , and that will show up in higher wages more than in higher jobs , '' Holtz-Eakin predicted .
There are also certainly other benefits of infrastructure projects — smooth roads and non-crumbling bridges , for example — but as jobs are a big selling point here , it 's worth asking how big the effect would actually be .
One related question is about the nature of the projects the tax credits might spur . They are designed to incentivize building , but it 's possible , Leibenluft warned , that builders would take the credits on projects they would have done anyway . `` Your hope would be that they 're only supporting projects that would n't happen otherwise , '' they said .
3 . Could the plan be undercut by other federal infrastructure spending cuts ?
In the president 's budget proposal , the $ 200 billion would be spent over the next 10 years . But other infrastructure spending would take a hit over the next decade , Leibenluft pointed out in a blog post this week .
The president 's budget would cut Amtrak spending , for example , and it would ensure that the Highway Trust Fund does n't dole out any more than it takes in in revenue . The fund has some major fiscal problems , and a 2015 CBO report showed a shortfall projected to grow in the coming decade . Part of the funding issue is that gas tax revenues have fallen off . ( The gas tax pays for the fund . ) But how to fix the fund 's shortfalls is a topic for a different article .
All of which is to say : the Trump administration 's budget focuses heavily on cutting spending . But whatever infrastructure spending is cut means the trillion-dollar plan could have that much more ground to make up , both in terms of projects and economic gains .
4 . Will state and local governments be able to afford it ?
Infrastructure spending comes from a mix of federal , state and local sources . In fact , only around a quarter of total spending on transit and highways comes from the federal government , according to a May 2014 report from the Pew Charitable Trusts .
The question then is to what degree this plan could leave state and local governments to pony up more money . Earlier information from the White House on its infrastructure proposal said the plan would `` support more communities moving toward a model of independence , '' arguing that local officials know necessary infrastructure programs better than the federal government .
Some state and local officials have balked at this idea of `` self-help , '' as Bloomberg reported earlier this year , saying that they may not be able to afford the kind of investment their infrastructure needs .
`` Our citizens think they 're overtaxed today , '' said Oklahoma City Republican Mayor Mick Kornett , as reported by Bloomberg . `` If the idea is that we 're going to somehow pass initiatives with funding to keep up the roads and the bridges and all of the infrastructure that 's out there , that seems like a tough sell to me . ''
From losing their grandmother and uncle to failing their final year of university – How Loqman rebounded to found one of Brunei 's most promising start-ups
Pacing down the steps of Sultan Sharif Ali Islamic University 's canteen , it appeared to be a weekday morning like any other .
For Hj Loqman Al-Hakim Hj Hamdan however , this was a walk they would not forget . The 24-year-old 's usual gregariousness was absent , overwhelmed by an encircling wave of anguish .
Cancer had claimed the life of Loqman 's grandmother just a few days prior . The weight of their emotions growing , their knees began to buckle as they crouched down . Their shoulders rolled inwards ; elbows pressing into their legs as tears began to stream down theirs face .
“ I thought I could hold it in , ” said Loqman , who had tried to deal with their death stoically . “ But the grief was too much . ”
Two years have passed . Today , Loqman has reinvented themselves from university student to entrepreneur , with a novel business that connects and sends Al-Quran teachers to customers ' homes .
The 26-year-old 's biggest draw stems from their idea 's potential to scale rapidly online by leveraging on a uniquely local supply base .
“ Bruneian 's have amongst the best command of English in the region , ” says Loqman . “ And without doubt , the Islamic institutions here produce a steady flow of graduates knowledgeable in the Al-Quran every year . ”
It 's just the right combination needed for Al-Huffaz to tap into the global market . The results could be game changing ; there are 1.7 billion Muslims across the globe – and growing .
Loqman is readying Al-Huffaz for the next step ; meeting with developers to set up a video conferencing platform ; joining job fairs to look for teachers and making it every week to Darussalam Enterprise 's start-up boot camp – where they always make sure to take a seat at the very front .
“ To make my life count , ” Loqman puts it simply , when asked for the reason why Al-Huffaz came to be . “ For my country , for those I have lost and for Allah . ”
2014 ended on a sombre note for Loqman . But their grandmother 's death , however painful , was only the beginning of a series of painful experiences that sent Loqman into a downward spiral .
Less than 12 months after , they would also lose their uncle , who they had spent their childhood with . In their final weeks , Loqman remained by theirs side .
Their daily commute to university switched from their home to a fold up chair in the hospital , as they fed , cleaned and prayed for their uncle who suffered from a condition that eventually paralyzed them as they slowly lost their motor control .
“ I needed to be strong , ” they said , as their uncle 's admission came at a critical time during their final year in university . “ But after they passed , I was devastated . It was all I could think about . ”
Loqman ended up submitting their final dissertation well below the word count . It would not be enough . They were told soon after that they had failed and would not be graduating that year .
“ 2015 was supposed to be the year I graduated , got married , got a job and started a family , ” they said . “ And here I was failing . It was the last thing my grandmother and uncle would have wanted . ”
Loqman was trapped in the crucible ; and it had to be their faith that would guide them out . “ All I had gone through , all that I had failed to do . I had to believe that God was still there for me . ”
They told their fiancée , that they were to marry right before their graduation , that they would repeat their final year . They were shocked but remained firmly behind him . Loqman re-did their dissertation and passed .
While waiting to formally graduate , they applied for 12 jobs – from banks to food delivery – but their phone never rang for an interview . “ I was teaching Al-Quran to one family I knew personally at the time , ” they said . “ It helped provide a small income to get by . But I did n't think much of it since I was from UNISSA . I knew there were many Bruneians who could help teach the Al-Quran . ”
Loqman was right in principle – there were many with the ability to teach . In practice however , there was no facilitator outside traditional settings like mosques that matched teachers with students .
One day , as Loqman was chatting with their friends , they brought up that Bruneians were talking about a shortage of private Al-Quran teachers . They were looking , but could not find any .
“ When I heard of the shortage ; I was ready to teach those whoever was interested . But should there eventually be hundreds of customers ; how would I cater to all of them ? ” they said . “ I realized the better option was to have a platform to bring the customers and teachers together . Like Uber , but to learn Al-Quran . ”
Loqman registered Al-Huffaz in April , was certified by Brunei 's Islamic Religious Council and got to work . With a pool of 30 teachers , Al-Huffaz now teaches 50 separate classes a week , each typically lasting an hour .
They have caught the eye of investors , who are looking to partner with them to take their services overseas through an online platform . Loqman and their team spent last week sifting through more than a hundred CVs – all applying to be a part of their platform .
“ We plan to double the amount of teachers we have to have the supply needed to push things to the next level , ” said Loqman . “ These are Masters ' graduates , some have even memorized the whole Al-Quran . It was an honour to even be interviewing them . ”
The appeal is simple . For just six hours of work as week , teachers can earn $ 300 a month . “ For those free to teach more and are willing to help build demand , the possibility is much higher , ” they added .
I sit in one of Loqman 's classes in Anggerek on a Monday evening . This one is slightly different – he 's been teaching here since 2014 . It 's their longest serving customer , who first took notice of their talent during their student attachment at the Civil Service Institute .
The 26-year-old is clear in their delivery , warm in their approach and pays close attention to the nuances of their recital .
“ Whenever I am faced with a challenge ; I remember that the strength I need to survive is in the Al-Quran , ” they tell me after the class is complete . “ And believe it as it is said – Allah will not burden a soul beyond it can bear . ”
The Big Picture : 10 Fun 1940s Ads For First Generation TVs
Before television was blamed for everything from obesity to ADHD , it was thought of as one of the greatest technological advances ever . In the early days of TV , manufacturers and industry experts wanted the public to know how television would improve the lives of everyone who brought one into their homes .
These old television advertisements ( all from between 1939 and 1947 ) illustrate not only the different attitudes about TV back in the gadget 's younger years , but the physical differences between the TV sets of that time and the sleek , slim televisions of today .
Imagine thinking of a 12-inch TV as large and futuristic ! But back when the average television size was barely bigger than the screen on your iPhone , 12 inches was a luxuriously giant size . Of course , the cabinet containing that tiny screen would still take up half of your living room .
In the 1940s , television was said to bring families closer together , keep kids happy – and even help you love America more . That mentality did n't last for very long , and today TV ads rarely make claims about improving anything other than the picture quality of your favorite reality shows .
There 's something beautiful about the retro pictures of these old televisions . When the technology was new and TVs were n't yet in every home , they must have been fascinating pieces of the future . In those days , no one could have predicted where the TV age would take us…or that we 'd now voluntarily be inviting creatures like Speidi and Brangelina into our homes .
BLOOMINGTON , Ind . -- Indiana spent this week learning the tough lessons at practice .
On Wednesday night , the sixth-ranked Hoosiers finally got a chance to have some fun -- at the expense of Mount St. Mary 's .
Four days after losing for the first time this season , Cody Zeller scored 16 points and grabbed six rebounds , Christian Watford added 15 points and eight rebounds and the Hoosiers shot and rebounded like a team intent on making amends as they ran away from the Mountaineers , 93-54 .
`` When we talk about practice , we try to keep it within ourselves , '' junior forward Will Sheehey said . `` But I think the way we played tonight showed how hard we practiced the last few days . ''
Other players let the secret out .
After spending the first part of Christmas break enduring rigorous two-a-days , they delivered the kind of dominant performance that will help Indiana ( 10-1 ) forget about Saturday 's stunning overtime defeat to Butler .
The Hoosiers outrebounded Mount St. Mary 's 41-18 . They forced as many turnovers ( 17 ) as they allowed baskets . They limited the Mountaineers ( 4-5 ) to a season-low 31.5 percent from the field , and Indiana shot 70.6 percent from the field -- the fourth highest mark in school history . The Hoosiers went 9 of 12 from 3-point range .
Not enough ?
Indiana had five players in double figures , 27 assists on 36 baskets and never let Mount St. Mary 's get closer than 31 points over the final 14½ minutes .
And Wednesday 's game became the respite for Indiana 's players .
`` Every day was just a battle , whether we came in the first time or the second , we battled hard every time , '' said senior forward Derek Elston , who returned to the lineup after missing the first 10 games because of knee surgery . `` That was something we had to do , we had to get that grip back and tonight we did . ''
They did it emphatically and with everyone playing a role .
Sheehey scored 16 points off the bench . Victor Oladipo had 14 points , five assists and five rebounds . Remy Abell finished with 12 points , six rebounds and four assists . Yogi Ferrell had eight points , nine assists and four rebounds , and Jordan Hulls added eight points and five assists .
With numbers like that , even Indiana coach Tom Crean found little to critique .
`` Whenever you lose , I think it creates a different level of urgency with your team and it did , '' Crean said . `` We dealt with a multitude of things this week , whether it be an injury , whether it be an illness or whatever . I thought our guys did an excellent job . I thought we moved the ball extremely well . I thought we kept the pace . ''
If the Hoosiers play like this , they 'll be even tougher to beat -- as Mount St. Mary 's discovered .
The Mountaineers were led by Rashad Whack with 17 points and Josh Castellanos and Sam Prescott , who each had 10 points . Yes , they managed to hang close for about 15 minutes but they eventually succumbed to the Hoosiers ' size , speed and depth and never caught up .
Mount St. Mary 's is 0-13 all-time against the Big Ten and 1-20 all-time against the Top 25 .
`` You miss shots against a good team , they 're going to rebound it , they 're going to outlet it and they 're going to push and they 're one of the faster teams , so that 's what happened today , '' coach Jamion Christian said . `` I 'm just happy they did n't score 100 . ''
That 's about the only thing Indiana did n't accomplish in winning its 28th straight home game against a nonconference team .
The Hoosiers used an 8-0 run to take a 26-17 lead midway through the first half , and when the Mountaineers got within 30-26 , Indiana finally had enough .
Oladipo 's steal led to a layup by Ferrell , Zeller posted up for a short jumper and Oladipo knocked down a 3 to extend the lead to 37-26 . Indiana closed the half with two free throws and a layup from Sheehey and Watford 's 3 on a fast break to make it 46-29 .
Then the Hoosiers opened the second half with a dunk from Zeller that sent Indiana on an 18-2 run to make it 64-31 .
The resounding victory came on a bittersweet day , though .
Crean announced that injury-prone guard Maurice Creek would be out indefinitely with an undisclosed injury to their right foot .
The team said Creek was injured during Sunday 's practice -- a workout and a week of workouts that these players wo n't soon forget .
`` What happened in the past is in the past , '' Abell said . `` We needed to look ahead , so we wanted to make the extra pass and not just stay on one side of the floor . As we did that , we got easy baskets . ''
PHILADELPHIA ( CBS ) – A Philadelphia man is suing the Hooters restaurant chain after they say an employee used a racial slur on a receipt to identify them and their girlfriend .
The incident happened in early July at the Hooters restaurant in Queens , New York .
READ : Gas Prices More Than $ 8 Per Gallon In NJ , Pa .
Kisuk Cha says they and their girlfriend went to the restaurant in Queens and ordered wings and buffalo shrimp to go .
However , Cha says when they were handed the receipt , they saw something on there that completely shocked him . Cha says in the space that is normally reserved for the customer 's name , the cashier had typed “ Chinx. ” Cha and their girlfriend are Korean-Americans .
READ : Man Arrested For ‘ Kill Mitt Romney ' Facebook Page
Cha says they went home and was sick to their stomach about the incident and eventually contacted a lawyer .
“ This was n't something I would expect to be U.S. citizen . Honestly , I am really , extremely offended by this incident and I hope that this kind of incident never happens again , ” Cha told Eyewitness News .
READ : Boy Quits Football Team Over Pink Gloves Dedicated To Mom
Hooters has not responded to the lawsuit , but they say the employee who allegedly wrote the racial slur has since resigned .
HONOLULU – The Hawaii Department of Health is preparing for an upswing of patients signing up for the state 's medical cannabis registry , as the only two medical marijuana dispensaries in the state are officially open for business . Resident of Hawaii hope they can soon get medical cannabis products like edibles and moon rocks .
More than 18,000 patients have joined the state 's medical cannabis registry . This comes after the legislature passed their own cannabis bill that allows patients to purchase up to 8 ounces or nearly a quarter kilo .
About 38 percent of the patients reside on the Big Island , while 29 percent live on Oahu , Hawaii News Now reported .
“ We do see the beginning of a possible trend that shows more growth happening on Oahu , ” said Scottina Ruis , coordinator for the state 's medical cannabis registry program .
The state has managed to bring the turnaround time for applicants down to three to five business days .
“ At the high end , when we got the program initially , the process was an entirely paper application process , so a lot of different functions for staff , ” Ruis said . “ I think high end of turnaround time was six to eight weeks . ”
There are four full-time employees and three more will be added by the end of the year .
“ We 've only got so many live bodies and we 're doing our best to keep up with the demand and hopefully , we can stay ahead of that , ” Ruis said .
There has been some swirling criticism that the state system is suffering from cronyism , with the licenses being aware to the politically connected and inexperienced . This has been a problem with many of the states implementing medical cannabis . After speaking with people in Ohio , Florida , and Michigan , there have been the same concerns about who is being awarded the license to grow cannabis .
The concern is just , as these cannabis markets are projected to grow substantially over the next half decade . Being awarded the license can be like being handed golden opportunity .
We believe that as these systems mature and the topic gets exposure , the people will let their voice be heard and ask for accountability of the system .
By Yves on Tuesday 27 October 2009 , 02:43 - Permalink
We just presented yesterday at ISMIR a tutorial about Linked Data for music-related information . More information on the tutorial is available on the tutorial website , and the slides are also available .
In particular , we had two sets of slides dealing with the relationship between music recommendation and linked data . As this is something we 're investigating within the NoTube project , I thought I would write up a bit more about it .
Let 's focus on artist to artist recommendation for now . If we look at last.fm for recommendations for New Order , here is what we get .
Similarly , using the Echonest API for similar artists , we get back an ordered list of artists similar to New Order , including Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark , Depeche Mode , etc .
Now , let 's play word associations for a few bands and musical genres . My colleague Michael Smethurst took the Sex Pistols , Acid House and Public Enemy , and draw the following associations :
We can see that among the different terms in these diagrams , some refer to people , to TV programmes , to fashion styles , to drugs , to music hardware , to places , to laws , to political groups , to record labels , etc . Just a couple of these terms are actually other bands or tracks . If you were to describe these artists just in musical terms , you 'd probably be missing the point . And all these things are also linked to each other : you could play word associations for any of them and see what are the connections between Public Enemy and the Sex Pistols . So how does that relate to recommendations ? When recommending an artist from another artist , the context is key . You need to provide an explanation of why they actually relate to each other , whether it 's through common members , drugs , belonging to the same independent record label , acoustically similar ( if so , how exactly ) , etc . The main hypothesis here being that users are much more likely to be accepting a recommendation that is explicitly backed by some contextual information .
On the BBC website , we cover quite a few domains , and we try to create as many links as possible between these domains , by following the Linked Data principles . From our BBC Music site , we can explore much more information , from other BBC content ( programmes , news etc . ) to other Linked Data sources , e.g . DBpedia , Freebase and Musicbrainz . This provides us with a wealth of structured information that we would ultimately want to use for driving and backing up our recommendations .
The MusicBore I 've described earlier on this blog kind of uses the same approach . Playlists are generated by following paths in Linked Data . Introduction of all artists is done by generating a sentence from the path leading from the seed artist to the target artist . The prototype described in that paper from the SDOW workshop last year also illustrates that approach .
So we developed a small prototype of this kind of ideas , rqommend ( and when I say small , it is very small : ) ) . Basically , we define `` relatedness rules '' in the form of SPARQL queries , like `` Two artists born in Detroit in the 60s are related '' . We could go for very general rules , e.g . `` Any paths between two artists make them related '' , but it would be very hard to generate an accurate textual explanation for it , and might give some , hem , not very interesting connections . Then , we just go through these rules on an aggregation of Linked Data , and generate recommendations from them . Here is a greasemonkey script injecting such recommendations with BBC Music ( see for example the Fugazi page ) . It injects Linked Data based recommendations , along with the associated explanation , within BBC artist pages . For example , for New Order :
The German federal police have developed a three-step emergency plan closing the Austrian border to limit the number of migrants arriving on German soil , local media reported Tuesday .
BERLIN ( Sputnik ) – The Die Welt daily learned , following the two-day ruling Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) and Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) session in German parliament , that Federal Police President Dieter Romann had presented relevant details to the CDU and SPD factions in the Bundestag in recent weeks .
© AP Photo / Ronald Zak Austria Building Fence at Border Crossing With Slovenia Amid Migrant Crisis
The first stage of the plan , in effect after political leadership decides to reject refugees at the Austrian border , shutters over 60 large border crossings . Police would be permitted to use water cannons in case of emergency .
The second line of officers would be involved in detaining migrants who manage to cross the border illegally . The third line is tasked with transporting the migrants back to the border via helicopter , according to the publication .
The contingency plan is implemented from three to seven days .
Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere estimated nearly a million migrants have received or applied for refugee status in Germany so far this year . European Commissioner for Digital Economy and Society Gunther Oettinger said Germany would be unable to take in another 1.1 million registered refugees next year .
Spurs closing in on Damiao as Redknapp sends top scout to size up £15m striker
Tottenham are edging closer to signing £15million-rated Brazilian hitman Leandro Damiao .
Spurs manager Harry Redknapp sent chief scout Ian Broomfield to South America to watch the striker in action for Internacional on Sunday night .
Target : Leandro Damiao ( left ) is in Harry Redknapp 's sights
The trek was to glean final pieces of information about the striker before Redknapp considers their options , reported The Mirror .
Damiao could be purchased ahead of Emmanuel Adebayor , who spent the season on loan at the club from Manchester City , but whose wage demands might prove a stumbling block .
French striker Loic Remy is another option , but Marseilles will demand a vast transfer fee , so Damiao looks to be Tottenham 's best option .
Spurs chairperson Daniel Levy is willing to splash some cash after Tottenham missed out on the Champions League in such heartbreaking fashion .
Hitman : Damiao could prove cheaper than Emmanuel Adebayor or Loic Remy
Chelsea won the Champions League on Saturday night to dump rivals Spurs into the Europa League .
You are a photographer in the middle of a suicide bombing in Syria and you see a bleeding child . Would you wait and click an award-worthy picture , or help the boy ? Abd Alkader Habak chose to rescue the child , breaking down at the end of the ordeal , and internet is hailing them as a hero .
The Aleppo-based activist-videographer was caught in the middle of a massive suicide attack on a convoy of buses evacuating Syrians from a rebel-held area on April 16 . The attack left at least 126 people dead , including scores of children .
“ I was just a few metres away when suddenly there was a massive explosion . My camera was thrown to the ground and I was thrown close by due to air pressure , ” Habak said of the incident .
They searched for their camera and found it on the ground , where a child was also lying injured .
Devastating photo @ AbdHabak - Syrian videographer next to the charred body of a child . 39 children out of 70 killed by suicide bomber # syria pic.twitter.com/u3KTNo6vRl — Ala ' a Shehabi ( @ alaashehabi ) April 15 , 2017
“ He was bleeding . So I ran towards him . I looked at them and they were moving their hands . I looked at their face and I could see they were breathing .
“ This child was firmly holding my hand and looking at me , ” they said .
Still camera in their hand , Habak picked up the boy , and ran towards an ambulance , which took them to a hospital inside the rebel-held area .
Habak , whose pictures carrying the child and later breaking down have gone viral on social media , described the scene as horrible , “ especially seeing children wailing and dying in front of you . ”
“ So I decided along with my colleagues that we 'd put our cameras aside and start rescuing injured people , ” Habak told CNN .
Other photographers present in the area captured Habak 's compassionate act , and the pictures have been shared thousands of times on social media .
“ What I and my colleagues have done today is what inspires our humanity to those who were partners in killing the children of Khan Sheikhan , ” Habak tweeted , referring to the recent gas attack by Syrian regime .
First Published : Apr 19 , 2017 16:32 IST
It took a rematch with the Buffalo Bills for the New England Patriots to bench rookie center David Andrews in favor of sophomore center Bryan Stork .
The Bills defensive front was out for quarterback Tom Brady 's blood and Andrews did n't do much to stay the pass rush . A false start and a few blown blocks later and Stork stepped in and has n't looked back .
The 6 ' 4 , 315 lbs Stork always made for a more impressive physical specimen than the 6 ' 2 , 295 lbs Andrews , and the results on the field match the projections in our heads . Stork is the superior player and should be the starting center , while Andrews should remain a viable , quality back-up , offering a similar size as the offensive line captain Ryan Wendell .
The coaching staff is finally putting the best offensive line unit on the field .
`` We 're always trying to get the right group out there , '' offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels said . `` There have been games where Bryan and David have both played in the same game also . David played this last game towards the end as well .
`` I think they 're different in terms of the type of player they are , both of them are smart and dependable and tough , do a lot of different things to try and help set the table for the rest of our lineman and get everybody going in the right direction . ''
Stork left late in the game against the Texans due to a shoe issue , although they are reportedly dealing with a minor ankle injury . Andrews played for six snaps , their only time on the field since they were benched against the Bills .
`` Bryans a little bit more experienced certainly at this point having played quite a bit last year , '' McDaniels continued . `` I think both guys have a lot of strengths to them . Both guys certainly work hard to try and improve some of the things maybe they do n't do as well as they 'd like to . I think they work extremely hard , bring great work ethic to our offense . There 's a presence inside , a toughness that they both have .
`` Bryan certainly like I said , he 's played a lot of good football for us . I think it 's a consistent competition there . I think we encourage that at all positions and those guys definitely have embraced that . They go and compete hard in practice each week going forward to try and get better individually and improve the other guy at the same time through competition and we try and put the best guys out there that we can each week . ''
McDaniels is effectively saying that Stork does n't just possess more experience , but that the sophomore center competed in practice and earned the starting spot over Andrews .
Andrews played at a commendable level for the first half of the season , but if there is a player that can perform at a higher level , well , that player should be on the field .
What is an iPad ?
When Steve Jobs introduced Apple 's tablet in January 2010 , they delivered an unequivocal answer . “ The iPad , if you were to sum it up , is our most advanced technology in a magical and revolutionary device at an unbelievable price , ” they said . The words appeared on the screen behind them as they said it , and then they repeated the line . Magical and revolutionary . It became one of Jobs ' most iconic phrases . What they were really saying was even simpler : the iPad is the future .
It 's hard to believe that it 's been nearly five years since Jobs introduced that first iPad , and even harder to believe how completely the iPad changed the way computers fit into our lives . The iPad brought tablets into the mainstream , upended the entire PC business , and for several years looked like a runaway success on par with the iPhone . The question was n't whether tablets would replace laptops for most people , but how quickly .
But pendulums tend to swing back , and the iPad 's rocket ride into the future seems to have slowed . Sales have flattened out and missed expectations , Apple 's Mac sales have held their ground , and phones themselves have gotten larger and larger — the iPhone 6 Plus is creeping right into iPad mini territory .
And now , just one month after releasing that larger iPhone 6 Plus , Apple is back with the iPad Air 2 , an even-thinner reworking of last year 's iPad Air . It has a faster processor , a better camera , and a fingerprint sensor . You can get it in gold . It costs anywhere from $ 499 for a base model with a paltry 16GB storage to $ 829 for the top-end model with 128GB of space and a cellular radio . It is an iPad . It is the latest iPad .
What is an iPad ?
At the most basic level , the iPad Air 2 is a monumental achievement in the field of iterative improvement . From a distance , it 's almost impossible to tell the iPad Air and iPad Air 2 apart . The basics of the design are exactly the same : the same proportions , the same polished chamfered edges , the same layout of ports and speakers and buttons . All that 's missing is the side switch , which was extremely useful as a rotation lock or mute switch . Locking rotation is now done with the control that appears by swiping up the Control Center from the bottom of the display ; you can mute by holding to down volume button . None of this is easier or better than a switch , but so it goes with Apple 's ongoing quest for thinness . A monumental achievement in the field of iterative improvement Pick up an iPad Air 2 and you 'll immediately understand why Apple pursues that thinness with such single-minded zeal . It 's so , so thin : 18 percent thinner than the older Air , and even slightly lighter . It 's hard to believe that there 's a computer back there , let alone a computer as powerful as the laptop computers of just a few years ago . If there is anything magical about this new iPad it is this , this feeling of impossibility . The Air 2 makes the original iPad look and feel archaic , like a horrible monster from a long-forgotten past . That thinness is primarily achieved from a new optically-bonded display that virtually eliminates the air gap between the LCD and the top glass , making it seem like you 're touching the pixels directly . Apple 's making a big deal out of this , but it 's actually fairly late in bringing the technology to the iPad — every iPhone since the iPhone 4 has had a bonded display , the iMac has had one for a while now , and several competing high-end tablets have one as well . All for good reason : bonded displays look terrific . The Air 2 has a vibrant , sharp display that looks almost painted on . Apple says the new antireflective coating on the Air 2 reduces glare by 56 percent , but I did n't really notice it making a huge difference ; you definitely ca n't use it in bright sunlight . My only issue was a pinkish cast on one of our review units when viewed off-axis ; iPads have usually had near-perfect viewing angles and any inaccuracy is probably worth an exchange . Just below the display you 'll find Apple 's Touch ID fingerprint sensor , which works as seamlessly as it does on the iPhone to unlock the iPad and pay for things using Apple Pay in apps . ( There 's no NFC chip in the iPad Air 2 , so waving it at credit card terminals is sadly not possible . Next time . )
Inside the iPad Air 2 lies Apple 's new A8X chip , which is a variant of the A8 found in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with additional graphics capabilities . It 's ridiculously fast — noticeably faster to load web pages and launch apps than my iPad Air , and it has so much graphics headroom that I 'm eager to see how game developers take advantage of it . But that might take a while : Apple still sells a full lineup of iPads with A7 chips ( and the original iPad mini with an A5 ! ) , and it 's hard to see the incentive for developers to optimize iPad apps for the A8X until the installed base of Air 2s makes it worthwhile . You 'd expect a thinner device with a more powerful chip to take a hit on battery life , but the Air 2 lasted just as long as any of my other iPads — I went a full weekend of using it on LTE and Wi-Fi without charging it , finally plugging it in at 34 percent . Grid View
a fine enough camera in bright light and just okay in low light Lastly , the back of the new iPad features a new eight-megapixel camera , an upgrade from the five-megapixel shooter Apple 's used for the past few iPads . It 's a fine enough camera in bright light and just okay in low light , and nowhere close to the exemplary units in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus — it 's like a slightly worse iPhone 5 upgraded with iOS 8 tricks like slo-mo and timelapse video modes . It wo n't blow any minds , but it 's a huge upgrade for the millions of people happily using the iPad as a camera — the steady wave of inevitable hardware improvement gently cresting over a nation of weirdos holding their giant viewfinders aloft , waiting for a moment worth sharing .
If the hardware of the iPad Air 2 demonstrates the overwhelming power of small iterative improvements , then the software represents the failings of that approach . The overall experience of using the iPad Air 2 in 2014 is a case study in missed opportunities and untapped potential . Apple has all but stopped adding tablet-specific features to iOS — the minor two-paned mode for landscape apps on the iPhone 6 Plus is a more significant rethinking of how to manage a larger screen size than anything added to the iPad Air 2 this year . Just consider something as simple as browsing the web . On raw benchmarks the iPad Air 2 is comparable to a 2011 MacBook Air — which , again , is crazy — but the MacBook 's version of Safari is vastly more feature-rich and flexible . That MacBook will also allow me to run multiple apps alongside Safari and be far more productive than the iPad ; we 're well past the point when Apple needs to figure out proper multitasking on its tablet . If I 'm going to put down my large-screened phone and pick up another device , I want the cost of that switch to buy a dramatically improved experience , not simply a bigger screen . iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite are designed to make the transition from iPhone to Mac easier than ever with features like Handoff and Continuity ; there 's hardly any reason to take a pitstop at the iPad along the way . A case study in missed opportunities and untapped potential And in moments when having an iPad does make sense , it 's missing things that would make it absolutely sing . My wife loves to borrow my iPad when they go to the gym , but there 's no multiple-user support as with Android tablets or Amazon 's Kindle Fire line , so they ca n't use it to check their email instead of mine . There 's no guest mode , so when I spent the weekend with friends passing the Air 2 around to pick songs from Spotify , I had to choose between telling everyone my passcode or just turning the lock off entirely . David Pierce had logged into their iCloud account on one of our Air 2 review units , and when I went outside to take photos with it I realized that I was shooting directly into their iCloud camera roll . We had literally programmed our fingerprints into it , but it could n't tell us apart . I said it in last year 's iPad Air review and I 'll say it again : it feels like Apple is so content with its commanding lead in the tablet market that it 's willing to let the iPad 's superlative hardware sell itself instead of figuring out new places for it to go . For better or worse , Apple 's allowed the iPad to become the giant iPhone its critics have always insisted that it is , and in a world with giant iPhones that 's a tough spot to be in .
Up until 50 years ago suicide was a crime in England and Wales . But why were people prosecuted for attempted `` self-murder '' and how did things change ?
When police found Lionel Henry Churchill with a bullet wound in their forehead next to the partly-decomposed body of their wife it is hard to imagine the emotional turmoil they must have been in .
They had tried but failed to take their own life in the bed of their Cheltenham home .
Doctors said the 59-year-old needed medical treatment at a mental hospital , but magistrates disagreed . In July 1958 they were sent to prison for six months after pleading guilty to attempted suicide .
Their story made just a few column inches in the Times , but in the newspaper 's archives their tale is far from uncommon .
Take out-of-work labourer Thomas McCarthy , 28 , who `` drank something bad '' on the steps of St Paul 's Cathedral after becoming depressed . They were sent to prison for a week for their troubles in October 1923 .
And then there is Lieutenant-Commander Geoffrey Walker 48 , of Heathfield , Sussex , who in June 1953 was fined £25 for attempting suicide with a French revolver they found on a beach at Dunkirk .
Image caption The penalties for attempted suicide varied from a fine to a short spell in prison
And 31-year-old William Morgan , of Islington , north London , who tried to take their life in an elaborate way involving a van , was sent to jail for a month in February 1959 .
Nowadays it would seem almost unthinkable to punish someone for attempting suicide , but until just half a century ago , it was a crime in England and Wales .
A Times leader on the subject noted that in 1956 , 5,387 failed suicide attempts were known to police , and of those 613 were prosecuted . Most were discharged , fined or put on probation , but 33 were sent to prison .
`` If they were hauled in front of a court for attempting to kill themselves , or even worse sent to jail , I ca n't even begin to imagine the impact of that , and the stigma ( that followed ) would have been horrendous , '' says Dr Caroline Simone , senior lecturer and expert in suicide bereavement at Derby University .
Some were shown leniency , like Lancashire man Harry Howard , 27 , who tried to take their own life because they did n't want to spend the night in a `` cold '' police cell , and Mabel Sayers , 37 , of Dartford , who , in a sudden `` fit of depression '' turned on the gas and gathered their three children around them
World-weary hangman John Ellis , who turned a gun on himself , was also spared . `` If your aim had been as true as the drops you have given it would have been a bad job for you , '' the chairperson at Rochdale Police Court told them as they were discharged . `` Your life has been given back to you , and turn it to good use in atonement . ''
Night-time burial
`` Self-murder '' became a crime under common law in England in the mid-13th Century , but long before that it was condemned as a mortal sin in the eyes of the Church .
Use of the word 'commit ' The phrase 'commit ' when referring to suicide is still in common usage
`` The connotation of 'commit ' is that someone has committed a crime or committed a sin , '' says Dr Caroline Simone . `` If you buy into the religious perspective it is a sin to murder one-self . When you say commit you suggest that person is making a rational decision . ''
The word 'commit ' is not used by Samaritans
BBC guidelines advise against its use
For a death to be declared a `` Felo de se '' , Latin for `` felon of himself '' , an old legal term for suicide , it had to be proved the person was sane .
If proven , they were denied a Christian burial - and instead carried to a crossroads in the dead of night and dumped in a pit , a wooden stake hammered through the body pinning it in place . There were no clergy or mourners , and no prayers were offered .
But punishment did not end with death . The deceased 's family were stripped of their belongings and they were handed to the Crown . `` The suicide of an adult male could reduce their survivors to pauperism , '' Michael MacDonald and Terence Murphy wrote in Sleepless souls : Suicide in early modern England .
In many countries suicide was never criminalised . And in some cultures it was seen as a patriotic alternative to dishonour .
It is thought that Greek philosopher Socrates became their own executioner - sentenced to death by drinking poison - and in ancient Athens it was said city magistrates kept a supply of poison for anyone wishing to die . In Japan , Samurai warriors would carry out Seppuku , a ritual suicide by disembowelment , rather than fall into enemy hands .
`` Attitudes to suicidal behaviour have changed over time and at different times in different places , '' says Prof Nav Kapur , head of research at Manchester University 's Centre for Suicide Prevention .
'Shockingly slow '
So why was suicide punished as a crime in England and Wales until 1961 ?
`` We were one of the last European countries to decriminalise suicide - we were way behind our European counterparts , '' Dr Simone says .
`` We have been very slow and the punitive action that someone 's possessions could be forfeited to the Crown up until 1822 is shocking really . ''
Image caption A report in the Times from 20 October 1959
But Dr David Wright , professor of history at Canada 's McGill University , says prosecutions were `` rare '' taking into account the tens of thousands of hospital admissions for suicidal tendencies .
`` Sometimes it takes a long time to change legislation because it really is n't that relevant anymore , '' they add .
Unlike the high profile cases that have peppered the assisted suicide debate in recent years , experts say there was no significant campaign for a change in legislation . Instead came a gradual realisation that the laws of the day were at odds with society 's view , and that care not prosecution was needed .
`` From the middle of the 18th Century to the mid-20th Century there was growing tolerance and a softening of public attitudes towards suicide which was a reflection of , among other things , the secularisation of society and the emergence of the medical profession , '' says Dr Wright , co-author of Histories of suicide : International perspectives on self-destruction in the modern world .
In 1958 the British Medical Association and the Magistrates ' Association urged a `` more compassionate and merciful outlook '' , and a year later the Church of England joined the calls for change .
The Times also campaigned , drawing attention to the fact that suicide was not a crime in Scotland . `` Attempted suicide seems to have become punishable in England almost by accident , '' a leader stated in 1958 .
Tragic tale founded Samaritans Samaritans began in 1953 with Chad Varah , an Anglican vicar . Their first duty was to bury a 14-year-old girl . The girl had started menstruation , but , having no one to talk to , believed they were gravely ill and took their own life . Reverend Varah vowed they would help others and set up Samaritans which later became the world 's first 24-hour helpline service . It has 18,500 volunteers and 200 branches in the UK and Ireland .
However as late as 1958 , home secretary of the time Richard Austen Butler seemed unconvinced . `` Although it is clear there is greater sympathy and understanding for suicides , there is no evidence that an alteration would be universally acceptable to public opinion , '' they told the Commons .
But St Pancras North Labour MP Kenneth Robinson , who raised the issue in the Commons many times , would not let the matter drop .
On 27 February 1958 they tabled a motion contending that suicide should cease to be a criminal offence . Within days 150 MPs had signed it .
When the law was finally repealed three years later it was widely welcomed and 50 years on it is still seen as an important moment .
`` What was happening in the late 50s and early 60s was that attitudes shifted from suicide as wrongdoing or sin to the medicalisation of suicide , recognising that the majority of individuals attempting suicide or dying [ from suicide ] were in a great deal of distress , '' says Kapur .
Despite a much more sympathetic attitude , experts say there is more to be done .
A YouGov survey commissioned by Samaritans shows a third of 1,066 people polled would not talk to someone if they felt suicidal .
Clare Wylie , the charity 's head of policy and research , says it shows many still consider suicide a `` scary or taboo topic '' .
It is clear debate over attitudes to suicide will go on , but how far could we be from another change in the law ?
A new treatment for adult-onset diabetes and obesity developed by researchers at Indiana University and the German Research Center for Environmental Health has essentially cured lab animals of obesity , diabetes and associated lipid abnormalities through improved glucose sensitivity , reduced appetite and enhanced calorie burning .
In preclinical trials , the new peptide -- a molecular integration of three gastrointestinal hormones -- lowered blood sugar levels and reduced body fat beyond all existing drugs , according to the work co-led by IU Distinguished Professor of Chemistry Richard DiMarchi and Matthias Tschöp , director of the Institute for Diabetes and Obesity at the German Research Center for Environmental Health . The new findings were published today in Nature Medicine .
These preclinical results advance the clinical work the team announced last year that a peptide combining the properties of two endocrine hormones , GLP-1 and GIP , was an effective treatment for adult-onset diabetes . This new molecule includes a third hormone activity , glucagon .
`` This triple hormone effect in a single molecule shows results never achieved before , '' said co-first author Brian Finan , a scientist at the Helmholtz Diabetes Center who earned their Ph.D. in biochemistry at IU in DiMarchi 's lab . `` A number of metabolic control centers are influenced simultaneously , namely in the pancreas , liver , fat depots and brain . ''
In constructing the new single-cell molecules with triple-hormone action , the researchers found they could reduce body weight in rodents by about 30 percent , almost twice as much as the GLP-1/GIP double hormone . The molecules are called triple agonists -- three hormones combined molecularly that can bind to and activate receptors to produce certain biological responses .
`` This peptide represents the first rationally designed , fully potent and balanced triple agonist ever achieved in the treatment of any disease , '' DiMarchi said . `` The benefits of the previously reported individual co-agonists have been integrated to a single molecule of triple action that provides unprecedented efficacy to lower body weight and control metabolism . ''
In the paper , the team described the new results as `` unparalleled '' when compared to earlier tests using the three hormones alone and together as co-agonists . It is a clear demonstration that combining GLP-1 , GIP and glucagon can produce improved therapeutic effects .
The triple hormone specifically and equally targets three receptors of GLP-1 , GIP and glucagon . GLP-1 and GIP predominantly contribute to enhancing insulin action and reducing blood glucose . GLP-1 also curbs appetite , while glucagon primarily increases the long-term rate at which calories are burned and improves liver function .
Human clinical trials are being managed by Roche , which also co-authored the new paper . Inventions associated with this work have been licensed through the Indiana University Research and Technology Corp. to Marcadia Biotech Inc. , which Roche acquired in 2010 .
Additional scientists affiliated with IU and DiMarchi 's lab were co-first author Bin Yang and Joseph Chabenne , Vasily Gelfanov , David Smiley and Ma Tao .
Hope Sandoval and the Warm Inventions : 2017
Hope Sandoval & the Warm Inventions ( photo by WFUV )
by
Hope Sandoval 's ethereal voice has been with us since the early '90s , first known to us as the lead singer for Mazzy Star , and we 've loved Colm Ó Cíosóig 's drumming since the mid-'80s with their band , My Bloody Valentine .
The two started working together in the early aughts as Hope Sandoval & the Warm Inventions , and since have slowly released three full length albums , and three EP 's - each one feeling like a long-awaited gift . Fans of their work were doubly lucky in the past year to also get the first new albums from their respective original bands in decades , as well .
Their latest effort as Hope Sandoval & the Warm Inventions , Until The Hunter , came out in November of 2016 , the follow-up to their 2009 album , Through The Devil Softly . Once again , the new collection was well worth the wait , as was their rare , long overdue visit to our studios .
[ recorded : 10/24/17 ]
Ever since Trump got into office , liberals continue to prove how far they 're willing go in order to bury their dirty secrets . Members of the DNC will simply kill off whoever stands in the way of their agenda , as evidenced by the body of lawyer Beranton J. Whisenant Jr . Ever since Trump got into office , liberals continue to prove how far they 're willing go in order to bury their dirty secrets . Members of the DNC will simply kill off whoever stands in the way of their agenda , as evidenced by the body of lawyer Beranton J. Whisenant Jr. washing up on a Florida beach back in May . As Wasserman-Schultz 's continues to be investigated for their possible role in the man 's murder since Whisenant Jr. was set to expose Wasserman-Schultz 's fraud and visa case in Florida , now the former DNC chair has another nightmare on their hands after what the FBI just found after conducting a massive raid at their home .
Body of Beranton J. Whisenant Jr. washed up on a beach back in May right before set to expose Debbie Wasserman Schultz 's scandal
Several months back , a highly-disturbing Muslim spy ring was discovered at the White House , led by 3 brothers who were hired by Wasserman-Schultz to do IT work for Congress . The 3 Muslim brothers , Abid , Imran and Jamal Awan , were busted for stealing top secret information from Congressmen 's laptops , and then copying it to an external hard drive outside of the White House . Since the bust , a criminal investigation by U.S. Capitol Hill law enforcement has been underway , although no arrests have yet to be made . Now we 're learning to startle information of how Wasserman-Schultz is not only helping these Muslim terrorists get away with their crimes , but has been keeping the seized hard drives at their home so they could later give the top secret stolen intel back to the Muslims ! Several months back , a highly-disturbing Muslim spy ring was discovered at the White House , led by 3 brothers who were hired by Wasserman-Schultz to do IT work for Congress . The 3 Muslim brothers , Abid , Imran and Jamal Awan , were busted for stealing top secret information from Congressmen 's laptops , and then copying it to an external hard drive outside of the White House . Since the bust , a criminal investigation by U.S. Capitol Hill law enforcement has been underway , although no arrests have yet to be made . Now we 're learning to startle information of how Wasserman-Schultz is not only helping these Muslim terrorists get away with their crimes , but has been keeping the seized hard drives at their home so they could later give the top secret stolen intel back to the Muslims ! The Daily Caller reported :
“ Pakistani-born Imran Awan , long-time right-hand IT aide to the former Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) Chairwoman , has since desperately tried to get the hard drives back , the individual told The Daily Caller News Foundation 's Investigative Group .
A high-level congressional source , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the probe , confirmed that the FBI has joined what A high-level congressional source , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the probe , confirmed that the FBI has joined what Politico previously described as a Capitol Police criminal probe into ‘ serious , potentially illegal , violations on the House IT network ' by Imran and three of their relatives , who had access to the emails and files of the more than two dozen House Democrats who employed them on a part-time basis . ”
During the raid , Capitol Police seized smashed computers and hard drives from Wasserman-Shultz 's home that had previously belonged to the Muslim IT administrator . It 's not clear whether Wasserman-Shultz had smashed the devices as a way to destroy evidence or bury their ties to the Muslim terrorists , but the former DNC member of congress is no doubt in serious legal trouble after being in possession of the items during the raid . During the raid , Capitol Police seized smashed computers and hard drives from Wasserman-Shultz 's home that had previously belonged to the Muslim IT administrator . It 's not clear whether Wasserman-Shultz had smashed the devices as a way to destroy evidence or bury their ties to the Muslim terrorists , but the former DNC member of congress is no doubt in serious legal trouble after being in possession of the items during the raid . The Daily Caller went on :
“ Capitol Police have also seized computer equipment tied to the Florida lawmaker .
Awan 's younger brothers , Abid and Jamal , their wife , Hina Alvi , and Rao Abbas , Imran 's best friend , are also under investigation . There have been no arrests in the case .
There is also evidence of There is also evidence of financial schemes that extend beyond the Capitol Police 's purview and may expand to Pakistan , where Imran spends significant portions of the year . ”
It 's unbelievable to comprehend why Wasserman-Schultz would commit treason against the United States by aiding and abetting our enemies , but many are beginning to suspect that the Muslim brothers have been blackmailing members of Congress with whatever information they stole from the Congressmen 's laptops . “ Congressional aides also feared It 's unbelievable to comprehend why Wasserman-Schultz would commit treason against the United States by aiding and abetting our enemies , but many are beginning to suspect that the Muslim brothers have been blackmailing members of Congress with whatever information they stole from the Congressmen 's laptops . “ Congressional aides also feared politicians were being blackmailed by the Pakistani IT suspects in security breach , ” The Gateway Pundit reported .
Fox News anchor Maria Bartiromo was the Fox News anchor Maria Bartiromo was the first person to break the story about the Muslim brother spy ring at the White House , where they discussed exactly what 's at stake now that America 's secrets are now in the possession of these Muslim IT workers , all who have ties with the Muslim Brotherhood and had for months been funneling our secrets to possible terrorists outside the United States , thanks to Wasserman-Schultz .
“ They [ the Muslims ] were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives on Thursday because they accessed Congressmen and Congress people 's computer networks unauthorized , ” Bartiromo began . “ At a minimum they were fired . At a minimum we know that they accessed computers unauthorized and they did so in foreign intelligence , foreign affairs and intelligence committees… . they were getting very important information , government information . They accessed these computers .
It 's highly disturbing how all of the DNC 's scandals keep pointing straight back to Debbie Wasserman-Schultz . Them antics began during the election as they were busted for helping Hillary Clinton rig the primary election against Bernie Sanders . After being fired and removed as the DNC chair , not only is Wasserman-Schultz now being tied to the murder of Beranton J. Whisenant Jr. who was investigating them for their fraud and visa case in Florida , but now she 's been caught red-handed for trying to destroy computers and hard drives directly tying them to Muslim Brotherhood terrorists at the White House ! All Muslims that They hired to “ do IT work ! ”
Share this story and help expose this corruption ! This is absolutely sick !
In this review the effects of lifestyle factors , especially alcohol consumption , on vitamin bioavailability are summarized and discussed . Alcohol effects are clearly dose-dependent . Excessive chronic alcohol intake is generally associated with vitamin deficiency ( especially folate , thiamine , and vitamin B6 ) due to malnutrition , malabsorption , and ethanol toxicity . Effects of moderate alcohol use are mainly explained by a lower vitamin intake . In the case of vitamin A and beta-carotene , effects on post-absorptive ( lipoprotein ) metabolism have been demonstrated . In one diet-controlled crossover study , alcohol consumption resulted in an increase in the plasma vitamin B6 ( PLP ) content , especially after beer consumption ( containing vitamin B6 ) , but also after wine and spirit consumption ( not containing vitamin B6 ) . Smoking is also associated with a lower dietary vitamin intake . In the case of vitamin C , B12 , folate , and beta-carotene , evidence has been presented for effects on postabsorptive metabolism , due to smoke-induced oxidative stress and/or vitamin inactivation . For vitamin E a direct effect of smoking on absorption has been demonstrated . There is no convincing evidence that low-fat diets negatively affect fat-soluble vitamin absorption , but cholesterol-lowering compounds ( diets ) , or unabsorbable fat substitutes , may do so . Vitamin bioavailability may be compromised from certain vegetables ( particularly raw ) , and/or from high-fiber foods , because of limited digestion and inefficient release of vitamins from the food matrix .
I have been looking to create this list for a while now . There are many people on quora who ask me how I started in the data science field . And so I wanted to create this reference .
To be frank , when I first started learning it all looked very utopian and out of the world . The Andrew Ng course felt like black magic . And it still does n't cease to amaze me . After all , we are predicting the future . Take the case of Nate Silver - What else can you call their success if not Black Magic ?
But it is not magic . And this is a way an aspiring guy could take to become a self-trained data scientist . Follow in order . I have tried to include everything that comes to my mind . So here goes :
The one stat course you got ta take . If not for the content then for Prof. Blitzstein sense of humor . I took this course to enhance my understanding of probability distributions and statistics , but this course taught me a lot more than that . Apart from Learning to think conditionally , this also taught me how to explain difficult concepts with a story .
This was a Hard Class but most definitely fun . The focus was not only on getting Mathematical proofs but also on understanding the intuition behind them and how intuition can help in deriving them more easily . Sometimes the same proof was done in different ways to facilitate learning of a concept .
One of the things I liked most about this course is the focus on concrete examples while explaining abstract concepts . The inclusion of * * Gambler 's Ruin Problem , Matching Problem , Birthday Problem , Monty Hall , Simpsons Paradox , St. Petersberg Paradox * * etc . made this course much much more exciting than a normal Statistics Course .
It will help you understand Discrete ( Bernoulli , Binomial , Hypergeometric , Geometric , Negative Binomial , FS , Poisson ) and Continuous ( Uniform , Normal , expo , Beta , Gamma ) Distributions and the stories behind them . Something that I was always afraid of .
They got a textbook out based on this course which is clearly a great text :
Again by Professor Blitzstein . Again an awesome course . Watch it after Stat110 as you will be able to understand everything much better with a thorough grinding in Stat110 concepts . You will learn about Python Libraries like Numpy , Pandas for data science , along with a thorough intuitive grinding for various Machine learning Algorithms . Course description from Website :
Learning from data in order to gain useful predictions and insights . This course introduces methods for five key facets of an investigation : data wrangling , cleaning , and sampling to get a suitable data set ; data management to be able to access big data quickly and reliably ; exploratory data analysis to generate hypotheses and intuition ; prediction based on statistical methods such as regression and classification ; and communication of results through visualization , stories , and interpretable summaries .
After doing these two above courses you will gain the status of what I would like to call a “ Beginner ” . Congrats ! ! ! . You know stuff , you know how to implement stuff . Yet you do not fully understand all the math and grind that goes behind all this .
Here comes the Game Changer machine learning course . Contains the maths behind many of the Machine Learning algorithms . I will put this course as the one course you got ta take as this course motivated me into getting in this field and Andrew Ng is a great instructor . Also this was the first course that I took .
Also recently Andrew Ng Released a new Book . You can get the Draft chapters by subcribing on their website here .
You are done with the three musketeers of the trade . You know Python , you understand Statistics and you have gotten the taste of the math behind ML approaches . Now it is time for the new kid on the block . D'artagnan . This kid has skills . While the three musketeers are masters in their trade , this guy brings qualities that adds a new freshness to our data science journey . Here comes Big Data for you .
Let us first focus on the literal elephant in the room - Hadoop . Short and Easy Course . Taught the Fundamentals of Hadoop streaming with Python . Taken by Cloudera on Udacity . I am doing much more advanced stuff with python and Mapreduce now but this is one of the courses that laid the foundation there .
Once you are done through this course you would have gained quite a basic understanding of concepts and you would have installed a Hadoop VM in your own machine . You would also have solved the Basic Wordcount Problem . Read this amazing Blog Post from Michael Noll : Writing An Hadoop MapReduce Program In Python - Michael G. Noll . Just read the basic mapreduce codes . Do n't use Iterators and Generators yet . This has been a starting point for many of us Hadoop developers .
Now try to solve these two problems from the CS109 Harvard course from 2013 :
A . First , grab the file word_list.txt from here . This contains a list of six-letter words . To keep things simple , all of the words consist of lower-case letters only.Write a mapreduce job that finds all anagrams in word_list.txt .
B . For the next problem , download the file baseball_friends.csv . Each row of this csv file contains the following :
A person 's name
The team that person is rooting for – either “ Cardinals ” or “ Red Sox ”
A list of that person 's friends , which could have arbitrary length
For example : The first line tells us that Aaden is a Red Sox friend and they have 65 friends , who are all listed here . For this problem , it 's safe to assume that all of the names are unique and that the friendship structure is symmetric ( i.e . if Alannah shows up in Aaden 's friends list , then Aaden will show up in Alannah 's friends list ) . Write an mr job that lists each person 's name , their favorite team , the number of Red Sox fans they are friends with , and the number of Cardinals fans they are friends with .
Try to do this yourself . Do n't use the mrjob ( pronounced Mr. Job ) way that they use in the CS109 2013 class . Use the proper Hadoop Streaming way as taught in the Udacity class as it is much more customizable in the long run .
If you are done with these , you can safely call yourself as someone who could “ think in Mapreduce ” as how people like to call it.Try to do groupby , filter and joins using Hadoop . You can read up some good tricks from my blog :
Hadoop Mapreduce Streaming Tricks and Techniques
If you are someone who likes learning from a book you can get :
5 . Spark - In memory Big Data tool .
Now comes the next part of your learning process . This should be undertaken after a little bit of experience with Hadoop . Spark will provide you with the speed and tools that Hadoop could n't .
Now Spark is used for data preparation as well as Machine learning purposes . I would encourage you to take a look at the series of courses on edX provided by Berkeley instructors . This course delivers on what it says . It teaches Spark . Total beginners will have difficulty following the course as the course progresses very fast . That said anyone with a decent understanding of how big data works will be OK .
Data Science and Engineering with Apache® Spark™
I have written a little bit about Basic data processing with Spark here . Take a look : Learning Spark using Python : Basics and Applications
Also take a look at some of the projects I did as part of course at github
If you would like a book to read :
If you do n't go through the courses , try solving the same two problems above that you solved by Hadoop using Spark too . Otherwise the problem sets in the courses are more than enough .
6 . Understand Linux Shell :
Shell is a big friend for data scientists . It allows you to do simple data related tasks in the terminal itself . I could n't emphasize how much time shell saves for me everyday .
Read these tutorials by me for doing that :
Shell Basics every Data Scientist Should know -Part I Shell Basics every Data Scientist Should know - Part II ( AWK )
If you would like a course you can go for this course on edX .
If you want a book , go for :
Congrats you are an “ Hacker ” now . You have got all the main tools in your belt to be a data scientist . On to more advanced topics . From here it depends on you what you want to learn . You may want to take a totally different approach than what I took going from here . There is no particular order . “ All Roads lead to Rome ” as long as you are running .
I took the previous version of the specialization which was a single course taught by Mine Çetinkaya-Rundel . They are a great instrucor and explains the fundamentals of Statistical inference nicely . A must take course . You will learn about hypothesis testing , confidence intervals , and statistical inference methods for numerical and categorical data . You can also use these books :
8 . Deep Learning
Intro - Making neural nets uncool again . An awesome Deep learning class from Kaggle Master Jeremy Howard . Entertaining and enlightening at the same time .
Advanced - A series of notes from the Stanford CS class CS231n : Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition .
Bonus - A free online book by Michael Nielsen .
Advanced Math Book - A math intensive book by Yoshua Bengio & Ian Goodfellow
This course used to be there on Coursera but now only video links on youtube available . You can learn from this book too :
Apart from that if you want to learn about Python and the basic intricacies of the language you can take the Computer Science Mini Specialization from RICE university too . This is a series of 6 short but good courses . I worked on these courses as Data science will require you to do a lot of programming . And the best way to learn programming is by doing programming . The lectures are good but the problems and assignments are awesome . If you work on this you will learn Object Oriented Programming , Graph algorithms and games in Python . Pretty cool stuff .
10 . Advanced Maths :
Could n't write enough of the importance of Math . But here are a few awesome resources that you can go for .
Linear Algebra By Gilbert Strang - A Great Class by a great Teacher . I Would definitely recommend this class to anyone who wants to learn LA .
Multivariate Calculus - MIT OCW
Convex Optimization - a MOOC on optimization from Stanford , by Steven Boyd , an authority on the subject .
The Machine learning field is evolving and new advancements are made every day . That 's why I did n't put a third tier . The maximum I can call myself is a “ Hacker ” and my learning continues . Hope you do the same .
Hope you like this list . Please provide your inputs in comments on more learning resources as you see fit .
Till then . Ciao ! ! !
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , who scored against Scotland , will be eligible for Euro 2015
England manager Roy Hodgson has confirmed that members of their senior squad will be available to under-21 boss Gareth Southgate for Euro 2015 .
The likes of Jack Wilshere , Luke Shaw , Phil Jones , Raheem Sterling and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are eligible for the finals in the Czech Republic in June .
The senior side have a Euro 2016 qualifier in Slovenia at the same time .
But Hodgson said : `` After Gareth picks their squad , I will pick mine . They can pick any under-21 who 's available . ''
They added : `` We can deal with four or five absentees and tournaments are important . But if they 're available for me , that 's fine , too . ''
England 's qualifying campaign was impressive , winning 10 consecutive matches , and Southgate 's side will compete at a fifth final in a row , where they face 2013 runners-up Italy , Portugal and Sweden .
PHILADELPHIA -- Whether they play Thursday against the Detroit Lions , or not , Sam Bradford has six games remaining on their original six-year rookie contract .
Bradford , the current Eagles quarterback , will become a free agent at the season 's end and all indications thus far point to them testing the market .
While it 's uncertain if the Eagles want them back , and perhaps just as importantly does Bradford even want to come back , there will be a market . And he 'll be on it .
So now the question is what will a quarterback such as Bradford , who has battled injuries throughout their career , demand on that free agent market .
`` As of now , I 'd put them at the top of the back-up market , '' an agent , who could have a couple quarterback on the market as well , said of Bradford . `` The worry is injury and inconsistency .
`` You 're talking about $ 5 million per year at that part of the market . But because he 's young enough and they have experience , he 'll get $ 6 million plus . ''
RELATED : Eagles and Kaepernick , perfect together ?
That 's a lot less than some deals other quarterbacks have received over the past year . For instance , Ryan Tannehill , who has never been to the playoffs , signed a six-year , $ 95 million deal with the Dolphins ; Alex Smith signed a five-year , $ 76 million deal with the Chiefs ; and Andy Dalton signed a seven-year , $ 97 million deal with the Bengals .
Bradford , who will earn $ 12.9 million this season from the Eagles , however , really has n't done much to earn what the others have gotten .
RELATED : Eagles 3 key matchups vs. Lions
In their six years he 's yet to take a team to the playoffs , and this year is n't looking very promising after the past two losses . And in those six years he 's only played a full 16-game schedule twice .
A better comparison might be the man they were traded for , Nick Foles , who signed what in essence was a two-year , $ 16.2 million deal with the Rams before getting benched .
Bradford 's career numbers , including this season , are a 59.5 percent completion rate , 13,362 yards with 70 touchdowns and 48 interceptions for a quarterback rating of 79.8 .
Mark Eckel may be reached at mjeck04 @ verizon.net . Follow them on Twitter @ MarkEckel08 . Find NJ.com Eagles on Facebook .
THE NO-HUDDLE SHOW , Ep . 17 : Is the Chip Kelly era coming to an end ?
Jim Riggleman put all their chips on the table and came up empty .
After the Nationals ' won for the 11th time in 12 games and climbed one game over .500 , manager Riggleman resigned , after the Nationals refused their request to extend their contract beyond 2011 . General manager Mike Rizzo said Riggleman told them before the game , `` If we would n't pick up their option , they would n't get on the team bus today . ''
And Riggleman stuck to their word . `` You have to feel like there 's a commitment to you , and I did n't feel that , '' Riggleman told reporters after the game . `` I 'm obviously not the person who they want to go down the road with them . '' Riggleman added that he 'd never do a one-year deal again as a manager .
I do n't think he 'll have to worry about that . No team will ever hire a manager again who quit on their team in the middle of the season , especially a 58-year-old with a track record of many more defeats than wins . Rizzo acknowledged as such , saying , `` I 'm disappointed that this is a distraction , and that he 's not thinking of the team first , and put personal goals and objectives ahead of the team . ''
Look , Riggleman is no Earl Weaver or Tony La Russa . They even said , `` I know I 'm not Casey Stengel , but I do feel that I know what I 'm doing . '' They got their first managing gig at the end of the 1992 season with the Padres , when they were just 39 years old . After two years in San Diego , they skippered the Cubs for five seasons , winning the 1998 NL wild card , but finishing 374-419 during their tenure there . They were a placeholder for the Mariners at the end of 2008 and then replaced Manny Acta in Washington midway through the 2009 season . In their career he 's 662-824 , a .445 winning percentage . Among the 86 managers who have managed at least 1,400 games in the majors , that winning percentage ranks 84th , ahead of only Patsy Donovan , who was born in Ireland and managed five clubs around the turn of the century , and Billy Barnie , who managed in the 1800s and was nicknamed Bald Billy .
Was Riggleman a good manager ? It 's hard to say . Their first full season in San Diego was 1993 , the infamous `` fire sale '' year when the Padres traded away Gary Sheffield and Fred McGriff . They took over a Cubs franchise that had played .475 ball or better in six of seven seasons and managed them to a .472 winning percentage . After losing 93 games last season , the Nationals were obviously playing better this season and on a hot streak . Riggleman must have figured there was no time like now to make their move .
As for evaluating a manager , I like to look at what young players they developed . Riggleman has had success with relievers Tyler Clippard and Drew Storen . Michael Morse is n't necessarily young , but Riggleman was the first manager to really give them a chance to play , and Morse has performed well . The recent decision to move Jayson Werth into the leadoff spot and hit the pitcher eighth was at least creative . I do n't think it speaks well of their evaluative skills that Pudge Rodriguez , future Hall of Famer but a guy who has n't hit in years , began the year as the starting catcher over Wilson Ramos . Yes , Riggleman eventually realized Ramos was the far better player , but they should have known that coming out of spring training . Otherwise , Riggleman is kind of the classic , modern-day manager : low-key , faceless , unemotional and a bit boring .
* * * *
The biggest decision of Riggleman 's managerial career probably came in 1998 , when they ( or Cubs brass ) decided to start rookie Kerry Wood in Game 3 of the 1998 Division Series against the Braves . The Cubs were already down two-games-to-none and facing elimination . Wood had n't pitched since Aug. 31 , due to a sprained ligament in their elbow . It was a cold day . At the time , Riggleman said they are n't taking any risks by starting Wood and that physically Wood had `` passed every test and felt very good . '' Wood was asked about the cold weather , saying , `` It 's probably the coldest I 've pitched in all year . I 've never pitched in sleeves before , but it 's probably going to be cold enough that I 'm going to wear them . ''
Does n't look like a situation worth the risk , does it ?
During spring training in 1999 , Wood underwent Tommy John surgery . You can blame that one start or not -- maybe Wood 's elbow was already shot . But if you ask me , Riggleman -- and the Cubs ' front office at the time can not go without blame here -- selfishly put themselves ahead of what was best for the team , which would have been to protect their star young pitcher .
* * * *
The Nationals potentially have something good brewing here . Ryan Zimmerman is back . Werth will hit better . Ramos will improve . Danny Espinosa is a terrific second baseman with some pop in their bat ( 13 home runs ) . Yes , it 's a distraction . But they 'll be fine . Riggleman was n't the reason for the recent surge ; the players were . Players win and lose games . All you want is a manager to not screw things up . Maybe Riggleman did n't screw up the Nationals , but unless they have some very close friends who run major league franchises , their career is certainly screwed .
A Search warrant made public Monday says a former NC State student faces a marijuana trafficking charge in Oklahoma after a trooper stopped them with 26 pounds of marijuana in a rented minivan .
Raleigh police used the warrant to search the apartment of Robert Harrell Bass , Jr. at an apartment complex near campus .
The warrant states that Bass - a former NC State junior - told Oklahoma troopers that they wired $ 70,000 to Humboldt , California and then flew to the west coast with an accomplice to pick up the pot shipment .
Bass told investigators that the accomplice flew back to Raleigh after renting the minivan under a fictitious name .
Bass said they were driving the marijuana back to Raleigh .
They also told investigators they made $ 250,000 in the past year selling large amounts of pot around the NC State campus .
A roomate told ABC11 Monday that Bass was `` taking a break '' from college . A NCSU spokesperson said they are not currently enrolled .
Raleigh police searched the house on Chamberlin Street after Bass told troopers they could cover their $ 25,000 bail with money they had in a safe at the residence .
During the search , Raleigh police confiscated , among other things , more than $ 26,000 in cash , about two ounces of marijuana , paraphernalia , a computer and hard drive , and moneybags .
Classifieds | Report A Typo | Send Tip | Get Alerts | See Click Fix
Follow @ abc11 on Twitter | Become a fan on Facebook
​Image : ​Lind​a Tanner/Flickr
​The snow that provides about 30 percent of California 's water did n't fall this winter , which is really bad news as the state faces a likely fourth year of drought . In response , California 's water board has unanimously voted to adopt stricter conservation measures .
The spring runoff from melting snow is `` critically important '' to California 's water supply , according to Doug Carlson , an information officer with the state 's Department of Water Resources . But the Sierra Nevada snowpack that provides that runoff only has 13 percent of the water content it usually does by this time of year , they said .
Based on sensor readings , the state only has 3.7 inches of snow-water equivalent ( the approximate amount of water you would get if you thawed all the snow at once ) . On average , California has 28.5 inches of snow-water equivalent by this time of year .
`` We 're poised to break the all-time record for the least amount of water content in the snow as of April 1 , '' Carlson told me . Last year and 1977 are tied for the record right now . Those readings were 25 percent of the average .
`` Now we 're approximately half of that amount , and there 's just not going to be any major storm that can make up that deficit , so it looks like we 're going to smash the record for the lack of water in the snowpack , '' Carlson said .
Meanwhile , the lack of rain since last winter means the state 's reservoirs are also sitting well below average . In years past , a good spring storm could bring levels back up to historic averages , but Carlson said that 's not a possibility at this point .
`` We are too far down the drought path for one storm to bring us back , '' they told me . `` Over the last few years there 's been this high pressure ridge that sits like a barricade over California and diverts any wet weather either north or south . It just is n't getting through . ''
In response to the latest numbers , the DWR went to California 's water board with a list of stricter proposed regulations like prohibiting lawn-watering within 48 hours of a rainfall and only serving water on request in restaurants , rather than by default . The board unanimously approved the proposals .
Some communities in California already had regulations like this in place , but others were working on an honor system , hoping residents would naturally curb their water use in response to the drought . Unfortunately , that was n't the case , Carlson explained : Governor Jerry Brown asked the state to cut back its water use by 20 per cent last year , but the state only met that goal one month of the year .
`` Californians apparently have to be persuaded [ in ways ] other than by asking nicely to conserve water , '' Carlson said .
Most companies hand out bonuses at the end of the year , and many of them do so as a form of profit sharing . But IGN Entertainment , a division of News Corp. that creates content and communities for gamers , has developed an innovative system where it 's the employees themselves who help decide how much of those profits should go to each worker .
It 's called “ viral pay , ” and here 's how it works : Twice a year , in January and July , IGN creates a basket of tokens ( called “ Tokens of Appreciation ” ) based on how much profit there is to share . It distributes the tokens among employees and has them give their tokens–which are worth $ 1 each–to whatever other employees they want , as recognition for a job well done .
So , for example , if there 's someone in ad sales who went above and beyond to help you on particular campaign , you might toss some tokens their way . Of if there 's a developer who you think always comes up with great ideas about how to solve particular engineering problems , you might send them a little token love as well . Employees can give all their tokens to the same person , but they usually divide them up among several people .
There are only three rules to the program , Greg Silva , IGN 's vice president of “ People and Places ” ( HR and facilities ) , tells Fast Company : You ca n't award any tokens to yourself , all tokens have to be given away , and IGN 's president ( the organization 's chief executive ) is n't eligible .
“ The purpose is to reward super-performers with super-pay , ” Silva says .
The program was started two years ago because employees wanted a role in helping to identify and reward star performers . “ Our employees were saying ‘ It 's great that the managers know who 's super-effective and contributing the most , but , quite frankly , we know better , so let us reward and recognize our peers . ' ”
The Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals recently affirmed a decision made by its Bankruptcy Appellate Panel last year that may grant a student loan borrower discharges on 15 separate private student loans totaling more than $ 118,000 . The bankruptcy panel relied on a unique treatment of ability to repay that is not used in any other circuit .
Student loans are notoriously difficult to discharge in bankruptcy , the primary reason being a strict standard of “ undue hardship ” in determining a borrower 's ability to repay the loans . In order for a student loan to be discharged , a debtor must prove that they have n't been able to , currently can not , and will not in the future reasonably make payments on the loan .
Most courts use the three pillars laid out in a 1987 case , Brunner v. New York State Higher Education Services to determine if a student loan debt is dischargeable in bankruptcy . In order to be granted discharge under the “ Brunner test , ” a debtor must prove :
They can not maintain a minimal standard of living for themselves and their dependents if forced to repay the loans , That additional circumstances exist that tend to indicate that this condition is likely to persist for a significant portion of the life of the loan , and That they have made a good faith effort to repay the loan .
Most petitions fail this test because monthly payments are typically not egregious enough to trigger the first pillar and the second pillar fails since most student loan borrowers have a college degree , which bankruptcy courts can point to as evidence their situation will improve at some point .
But recent economic developments , combined with soaring higher education costs , have changed the calculus somewhat .
This factored in to the recent case Conway v. National Collegiate Trust .
Conway graduated with a B.A . from Webster University and about 20 student loans totaling more than $ 100,000 . They initially found full time work in their field but was laid off from two different jobs between graduation and late 2008 . They filed for bankruptcy protection and sought the discharge of many of their private student loans ( she also had some $ 18,000 in federal-backed loans that were not part of the proceedings ) .
Conway was granted discharge on $ 20,000 in private student loans to two other lenders . But the 15 loans held by National Collegiate Trust ( NCT ) were contested by the lender . In November 2012 , the total balance owed on the loans , including interest , was $ 118,579.66 .
A bankruptcy court in Missouri sided with the lender and did not allow the debts to be discharged . The court argued that while Conway can not reasonably make payments now , their degree and “ well-developed writing and reasoning skills ” gives them “ at least 30 years left to navigate the job market ” and turn things around .
But on appeal , the 8Th Circuit 's Bankruptcy Appellate Panel ( BAL ) overturned that decision , noting that if Conway made the minimum monthly payments of $ 846.17 on all 15 loans , they could not maintain a minimum standard of living . Instead , the panel insisted that each loan be individually evaluated to determine dischargeability .
Rather than using the Brunner test , the BAL used a “ Totality of the circumstances ” test to determine whether repayment would be deemed a hardship . That standard uses the debtor 's past , present and future financial resources to determine hardship .
Since being laid off for the second time in late 2008 , Conway has been working part-time as a server in various restaurants . The BAL used their income as a server against their monthly expenses to support its finding of undue hardship . The panel noted that it could not speculate on Conway 's future earnings should they find another job in their field , writing , “ We will not substitute assumptions or speculation for reasonably reliable facts . ”
NCT appealed the decision to a judicial panel in the 8th Circuit . That three-judge panel affirmed the decision in June .
The decision is ultimately very narrow . It applies only to the Eighth Circuit — which covers the Dakotas , Minnesota , Nebraska , Iowa , Missouri , and Arkansas – and is not a formal discharge order ; the lower bankruptcy court must still evaluate each of the 15 student loans to determine which Conway can reasonably repay .
But creditors and bankruptcy specialists are noting the apparent easing of the Brunner test standard . Bankruptcy specialist ARM firm Weltman , Weinberg & Reis wrote on its blog , “ …courts in other circuits may start to relax their analysis of the undue hardship test in Brunner . ”
With the job market still depressed and soaring student loan balances which result in high minimum monthly payments , bankruptcy courts may indeed look to other criteria to determine ability to repay .
PHOENIX — The opposing coaches in last night 's Celtics-Suns game are well-liked by their bosses .
And by the other team 's boss , as well .
While Celtic president of basketball operations Danny Ainge and Phoenix general manager Ryan McDonough are extremely happy with their hires of first-year NBA head coaches Brad Stevens and Jeff Hornacek , respectively , they also had interest in each other 's choice .
After leaving the Celtics and taking over the Suns last May , McDonough reached out to Stevens about the coaching opening here . And Ainge actually checked in with Hornacek back in 2004 when they were in the process that eventually led to the hiring of Doc Rivers .
McDonough told the Herald last summer that they and Ainge had identified Butler 's Stevens as a coach who could do well in the NBA .
“ When Ryan McDonough went to Phoenix , you know , Ryan and I had talked a lot about how much we liked Brad Stevens , ” said Ainge . “ I thought Ryan was going to hire Brad to go coach the Suns , but they did n't and they got a great coach in Jeff Hornacek . ”
Ainge was looking to investigate potential hires that might be outside the box a bit when they were brought in by the Celtics . They spoke to a couple of former players to see if coaching was something that interested them .
“ I talked to Jeff back in the days when we were first hiring Doc , but Jeff was n't really ready to get in the game , ” Ainge said . “ I talked to them about their desire to coach . They were somebody that I thought of when I knew we were going to be looking for a new coach . Doc was on the top of our list , but I was just checking to see on Jeff .
“ I also talked to John Stockton to see if they might be interested . Those were two players who I just liked who they were and how they played and how they approached the game . I felt like those guys would make great coaches if that was something they wanted to do . But neither one of them was interested because they were just retiring and had been away from their families for so long . ”
When Rivers and the Celtics divorced , Ainge had a target in mind . McDonough , who worked 10 years for the C 's , was quoted here last offseason , saying , “ As you evaluate players and try to figure out who the next best guys are going to be , you know , you also have to be prepared if there 's a coaching change and who the next best coaches are that are out there . They were a guy that , when I was there , we always had our eye on .
“ But we thought and hoped at the time that Doc would be the coach for a long , long time , so we would n't have to worry about it . But I guess you always have to be prepared . ”
Nowadays , McDonough is understandably reluctant to speak about checking in on Stevens , though it is clear they made a great move with Hornacek .
“ We have a good coach , ” McDonough said . “ We 're happy with him . The Celtics have a good coach .
“ We talked to , I 'd say , five to 10 different guys . Brad was one of them . Read into that what you will . But we have a guy who I think is going to win Coach of the Year . So was it close or not close ? To me , it 's never close until it 's done . ”
Stevens was also a little hesitant yesterday to discuss the call from the Suns .
“ I do n't go into any of that stuff , ” they said , “ and the reason I say that is because a lot of different people as they go through their coaching searches reach out in different ways . So I 've never really talked about anybody that has approached me in that regard , even the schools and everybody else . As they go through that , they go through the process that they think is best for their group , and that 's that .
“ The bottom line is that prior to the Celtics I 'd been — I do n't know if ‘ called ' is the right word — gauged by a couple of different places , not only this year , but in years past . Both ( NBA ) and also obviously college teams . But , again , I do n't really want to go into it . ”
A mummified body that could be hundreds or even thousands of years old was found Friday afternoon by workers at the site of the planned Singleton Quarry , prompting the Indiana Department of Natural Resources to halt activity at the site until the discovery can be verified .
Lake County Sheriff John Buncich confirmed their department was called to the scene around noon Friday after the workers reported discovering what they thought might be a body on the Clay Street property about one mile south of Indiana Route 2 .
`` It appears to be a mummified body estimated to be anywhere from 500 to 2,000 years old , '' Buncich said . `` They are thinking from discussions out there it may have been an Indian burial ground . ''
Singleton Stone LLC is set to begin construction on a limestone quarry on a 1-mile by 1.5-mile parcel of farmland south of Route 2 , west of Range Line Road and east of Interstate 65 . The quarry is expected to be about 450 feet deep and will pump between 30 million and 72 million gallons of water a day into the Singleton Ditch .
The site where the remains were found is adjacent to the Singleton Ditch about a quarter mile west of Clay behind a locked gate .
Conservation Officer Terri Millefoglie confirmed the DNR was called to the site because items were found by Singleton Stone workers . It is a requirement that the agency be called in when potential artifacts are uncovered . They said the items have been forwarded to an archaeologist for further investigation to determine exactly what has been discovered .
They said it is too early to tell if the remains are Native American .
Millefoglie said work at the site was stopped because of the discovery and can not continue until the items discovered have been properly identified .
`` There are many laws around Indian sites . … If it is determined this is any type of sacred ground there are many avenues they will need to follow — many , many steps after today , '' they said .
Millefoglie said they are uncertain how long the examination will take but expects to have more information available early next week .
Carrie Napoleon is a freelance reporter for the Post-Tribune .
Around 6 PM on Wednesday August 5 , I left my job near the World Trade Center and headed up 6th Avenue on my bicycle looking for a place to get some air in my tires .
From there , my plan was to cross the Williamsburg Bridge , catch the sunset on the Brooklyn side , then pedal south and be home in Carroll Gardens by 8 P.M. or so .
This little trip home was totally mapped out in my head .
But sometimes roundabout bicycle rides get cluttered with magic encounters and enchanting visuals that connect me in a personal way to the community we call New York City .
Pedaling up 6th Avenue , I remembered that I wanted to stop and see a wall where workers had been installing what one day earlier was a headless , five-or-six-story-high ballerina . Them tutu and slippers suspended mid jump , the dancer is the main character in a giant photograph on the side of a building just south of Canal street . I figured by now , she 'd have their head , so I wanted a picture for my instagram .
Chinatown and Little Italy
They did . What I could see of their face seemed regal . After a few minutes snapping an instagram shot , I headed east to Centre Street , made a left uptown and rode through Chinatown .
Golden afternoon sun bathed the crowded sidewalks along Canal Street that were filled with people buying and selling . It was August in Manhattan so the smell of fish permeated what few breezes blew . Double decker busloads of tourists , some taking selfies inched through the rush hour traffic . Honking horns and revving engines competed with frantic arm waving traffic cops who barked orders then blew their whistles .
`` When riding a bike you 're much more connected to the world around you . You see , hear , smell and feel everything , good and bad , unlike in a car where you are separated from the living world by metal and glass . You tend to have a heightened sense of awareness , you notice the little things , '' said Sam Greenman , Product Manager Schwinn Bicycles in an email note a few days after my ride .
And it 's certainly more efficient way to cover a lot of ground in the city .
`` In only a couple hours you can cruise the Brooklyn Bridge , roll through Chinatown , pass by Tribeca and up the West Side Hwy bike path along the Hudson all the way to Central Park , '' said James LaLonde , Global Marketing Manager for Cannondale Road .
I cut through the congestion and stayed on Centre Street past Little Italy then to Lafayette where my eye caught another giant black and white photograph plastered on a wall . The image depicts a rock climbing dangling from a cliff with by one arm . Next door to the rock climber was a New York City Fire Department firehouse .
Just as I was snapping a pic of them with my phone , a door swung open and out came a firefighter .
`` Why does everyone love that big picture so much ? '' they said with a tone of bemused curiosity , as they looked up .
I 'm not sure , I said slowly .
`` Is it just art , or is it some kind of ad ? '' I asked him .
The firefighter told me , `` It 's art . ''
With that , they smiled and walked back into the firehouse .
The intersection and the cab driver
I got back on my bike and headed up to the traffic light at Spring Street . Within a few seconds , a collection of six , maybe seven cyclists had joined me all waiting for the light to change . The crosswalk was thick with pedestrians , some chatting with each other , many walking with shopping bags in tow , texting , sexting , others just walking . We all had one thing in common .
All of us were heading some place else beyond this little stretch of street . And the likelihood any of us would remember this otherwise mundane moment was pretty nil .
But then , I heard a voice .
`` You ride fast ! '' said the man in what sounded to me like a Caribbean accent .
`` Yesss , '' they said , `` so fast ! '' By now they were laughing a big slow hearty ha ha ha .
I turned back around and saw a rotund gentleman sitting at the wheel of a Yellow Taxicab . They were wearing a cool black leather vest over a white tee shirt , a couple of nice silver rings and looking right my way , smiling big and featuring two gold teeth front and center .
I smiled back and with complete confidence asked , `` You think ? ''
They said `` yes ! '' this time slowly their voice cracked up an octave higher . `` I saw you down on sixth , taking the picture , now you are here before me , yes , you are so fast ! ''
I laughed and said that 's right I am !
And then I blurted out a rhythmic , `` Well , I get around ! ''
The driver laughed loudly . The other cyclists smiled . Two or three seconds later , the signal changed to green and the rotund man in the cab was gone and like two-wheeled quicksilver , all the cyclists scattered as well .
A bit further up Lafayette , I found the bike shop and got air .
With newly firm tires , I zipped through the East VIllage , took a cross street east then a turn right towards downtown and finally landed at Chrystie Street and Delancey .
The Williamsburg Bridge
To the east on Delancey sits the WIlliamsburg Bridge . Construction for this majestic suspension bridge finished in 1903 and nothing 's been built since that touches its transit brilliance . Towering gray steel beams and cables extend into the sky giving the bridge the appearance of some sort of giant industrial harp .
Running through its center , a pink cage-like encasement surrounds the bike and pedestrian pathways . Just beneath the pathway , subway cars rumble enhanced by the slick sound of automobile and truck rubber meeting pavement , all this sets a rhythm for the bridge .
While pedaling across , a few impressive `` pieces '' of graffiti struck me as clever enough to instagram . Faces that say Looney Tunes or big splashy old school tags that remind of 1970 's era movies shot in New York I watched growing up in Alabama .
Then , for a New York minute , I wondered if there 'd been any quiet blessings from our progressive City Hall that encourages unofficial `` art '' on public spaces like the Manhattan or Williamsburg bridges .
The short answer is no .
All city bridges are subject to routine maintenance . That means all graffiti on public structures gets removed on a periodic basis according to a spokesperson from Mayor Bill DeBlasio 's office I spoke with a few days after my ride . And if the graffiti is particularly offensive , it gets taken down even sooner they said a few days after my ride .
But does that include work by artists like the world famous Banksy ? What if Banksy wanted to use the bike path on the Williamsburg or Manhattan Bridge as a canvas for a thought provoking piece ? Would the city remove that too ?
It does n't matter who paints it , said the spokesperson . The city does not discern between artists when it comes to graffiti removal . Besides that , they said a lot of the more interesting stuff ends up on private structures at the behest of a building 's owner ( like the ballerina and rock climber ) .
And maybe it 's a good thing the city removes all the graffiti periodically . Some might say it clears the public canvas for the next artist Much like New York City , cleaning the canvas pushes the city to constantly evolve , evoke and strive for constant reinvention .
The pedestrian and bike paths meet
Midway across the bridge , there 's a path across the subway tracks from the pedestrian to the cyclist sides . People often chill and snap pics here since there are spectacular views of the subway trains just below .
Two twenty-something looking types were sitting at the space . They eyed me with three shots ominosity and one part sugar when I pulled up . Part of pink fencing in front of them was covered with trinkets and folksy looking crafts , as if an outlaw art gallery had set up shop there .
Then one of them jumped up on a guardrail and took pictures of a tiny little tropy of a teensy police officer firing what looked like a gun at a tiny speeding bicyclist . Later , I tried to snap it with my phone .
After snapping a pic of an approaching subway train at the foot of the bridge , I rode down to Kent Avenue where the shell of the Domino Sugar Refinery stands . In an adjoining empty lot , some sort of festival was on . Women wearing flowy dresses and men with beards and spiffy shorts were headed to the lot at 302 Kent . Finding a place to lock my bike was challenge .
The secret garden
When I walked up to one of several young women standing the entrance , they asked , `` are you here for the meditation festival ? ''
I said no although meditating sounded great , I just wanted to have a look . They said `` of course ! '' My goal was to get a picture of the old building before it gets developed into luxury commercial housing .
Curbed New York explained this past July that during `` the downtime before construction starts at the Domino Sugar Refinery site , the empty lot that formerly housed the massive refinery building has given rise to -- wait for it -- an organic farm . ''
Skeptical me saw this garden as a temporary ass kiss measure by the big project 's developers , Two Trees Management .
But with its pristine rows of baby vegetables and a skate-board park , all of it featuring splendid views of the bridge and Manhattan , I was enchanted by it all in no time .
As I admired the vegetables and the pre-meditation bliss on everyone else 's face , I spotted a small sign near some rows of what I think was spinach .
`` Please do n't walk here , baby plants sleeping , '' the sign read .
I crouched down and took another instagram shot and two young women walked up to me , and one of them said , `` oh how cute , now that 's a sweet picture ! ''
When my dad gave me a stack of their old college paperbacks , I think the education they hoped to foster was aesthetic , not erotic . But one of the books was Lolita , and to a twelve-year-old boy with passable reading comprehension skills , the twelve-year-old girl with the “ honey-hued shoulders ” and the apple-patterned dress was , above all else , sexy :
There my beauty lay down on their stomach , showing me , showing the thousand eyes wide open in my eyed blood , their slightly raised shoulder blades , and the bloom along the incurvation of their spine , and the swellings of their tense narrow nates clothed in black , and the seaside of their schoolgirl thighs .
At least Nabokov was teaching me fresh vocabulary . I had to look up nates , of course , but another new word , nymphet , was helpfully defined throughout the book . Suddenly I saw the world through wiser eyes . Who among my seventh-grade classmates , I wondered with a frisson , was such a creature ? What girl had that “ soul-shattering , insidious charm ” that , while invisible to me , made the antennae of certain adult males tremble ?
For much of middle school , I 'd been enamored of a smart and introverted girl in my grade . I 'll call their Anna . Red-haired , freckled , and painfully pale , Anna was hardly a dead ringer for Dolores Haze , but I was observant enough to recognize the “ ineffable signs—the slightly feline outline of a cheekbone , the slenderness of a downy limb ” —that marked them as a nymphet .
My imagination required a corresponding nympholept , and the Humbert Humbert of Brunswick Middle School could only be our affable fourth-period teacher , a tall , handsome , offhandedly suave man who was soon slipping in Anna 's bedroom window to ravish her—and be ravished by her—on a nightly basis , as a perturbed cocker spaniel looked on . ( I 'd once overheard them mention their dog at school . ) I loathed and admired him . How could I ever hope to compete ?
What Nabokov prettified with a murderer 's fancy prose style , I saw with bracing clarity . This was 1995 , and hardcore Internet porn was not yet easily accessible to twelve-year-olds , but my imagination was ambitious . No permutation of heterosexual sex escaped it .
Let me re-emphasize that their trysts took place entirely inside my head . I spent most fourth periods in a daze , playing obscene scenarios on a mental loop . Whenever I tired of one ( her parents are sleeping , and Anna and our teacher have to be quiet ) , another effortlessly assembled itself ( our class goes on an overnight field trip , and Anna and our teacher have adjoining rooms ) . I was like the narrator of James Salter 's A Sport and a Pastime , constructing an elaborate erotic saga that starred two people I hardly knew .
Underneath it all ran a current of guilt . Even if I did n't quite grasp the nature of my radical misreading of the novel—Humbert 's a predator , not a competitor—I understood that for the majority of readers it did n't tend to provoke reactions like mine . How weird and fucked-up was I ?
Years later , in high school , Anna became my first girlfriend . Occasionally I 'd look at them and remember with a jolt of mortification the six weeks or so they spent as one of my mental sex puppets . We had a running game of asking each other , “ What are you thinking ? ” at unexpected moments , and the unspoken rule was that you had to answer honestly . I always did , but they never asked at the right time . That was probably for the best .
Nick Antosca is the author of Fires and Midnight Picnic , which received a Shirley Jackson Award .
Recent media coverage in advance of the G20 summit in Hamburg has set the stage for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to press for climate action . In comparing Trudeau 's support for the Paris Agreement to the Trump administration 's “ exit ” from the Paris Agreement , it is possible to associate the word “ leadership ” with Canada 's climate policies .
However , it is only in comparison with Trump that our policies look at all progressive . In fact , Trudeau will need to commit to far more than anything currently planned domestically for Canada to hold its head high in the company of the European nations , or even China .
French President Emmanuel Macron has taken Trump on most directly with an English-language social media campaign : “ Make our Planet Great Again. ” Macron heads to Hamburg calling for much more aggressive climate action from all G20 nations .
G20 host and German Chancellor Angela Merkel is committed to pressing Trump , and isolating him , if need be . German media sources maintain that Trudeau advised to take Paris Agreement references out of the G20 declaration . Trudeau has categorically denied this . I was enormously relieved to hear the prime minister commit to pushing for strong language in support of the Paris Agreement in the final G20 communiqué .
Related
With the upcoming G20 as the backdrop , some of the world 's leading thinkers , policymakers , business leaders and scientists have outlined what is required to fend off catastrophic climate change . “ Three years to safeguard our climate ” was published in Nature on June 27 , 2017 . It was co-signed by dozens of experts , notably Christina Figueres , former head of the UN climate secretariat , and received prominent coverage in The Guardian , TIME magazine and outlets around the world .
I did not see any coverage in Canada , but that is perhaps because among the dozens of signatories , none was Canadian . Nevertheless , every Canadian should read this call to action and explanation of why we only have until 2020 to put the planet on track to meet the Paris targets .
Forget the political bickering . The reality is mathematical . We have a global carbon budget . To avoid blowing past the targets of the Paris Agreement in the next four years , the G20 nations need to set far more aggressive targets .
This is the reality that is so often lacking in our public discourse about the Paris Agreement targets . Our current domestic target – the one left behind by Stephen Harper and now endorsed by Trudeau – is incompatible with the agreement negotiated in Paris in December 2015 . Crunch the numbers and it is clear . We need a far more aggressive target domestically . Ours is one of the weakest in the world . And just as we need a more ambitious target , so too do the other nations that are already miles ahead of us .
The key message from “ Three years to safeguard our climate ” is that , while the full range of actions to ensure a liveable world will take decades , the next four years are critical . On current political commitments from those countries that claim a commitment to avoiding more than 1.5 degrees of warming – which is the Paris target – we will fail . And failure is not political or theoretical ; it is apocalyptic .
So if Trudeau is interested in showing leadership in Hamburg , they must go to the gathering prepared to announce that Canada is committed to ratcheting up our climate commitments . The Harper target of 30 per cent below 2005 emission levels by 2030 must be advanced to Canada reaching 30 per cent below 2005 levels by 2025 .
Let 's emulate the state of Hawaii and pass binding targets with legislated reporting on progress . Let 's accelerate plans to decarbonize our electricity sector and expand electric vehicle infrastructure , protect our forests and move to improve energy efficiency of our built infrastructure .
Let 's press other nations to do the same . Anything less is achieving climate rhetoric at the expense of climate action .
Elizabeth May , O.C. , MP , is leader of the Green Party of Canada .
Request Your Free eBook Now :
`` Android UI Design ''
Delve into the world of Android Programming with this compact guide that introduces you to UI Design !
Android is an operating system based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers . Android 's user interface is based on direct manipulation , using touch inputs that loosely correspond to real-world actions , like swiping , tapping , pinching and reverse pinching to manipulate on-screen objects .
In this eBook , you will get a look at the fundamentals of Android UI design . You will understand user input , views and layouts , as well as adapters and fragments . Furthermore , you will learn how to add multimedia to an app and also leverage themes and styles .
With this free eBook you will also receive weekly news , tips and special offers delivered to your inbox courtesy of Java Code Geeks .
Offered Free by : Java Code Geeks
See All Resources from : Java Code Geeks
HULU AND SOUTH PARK ANNOUNCE EXCLUSIVE MULTI-YEAR CONTENT LICENSING DEAL AT 2014 TELEVISION CRITIC 'S ASSOCIATION SUMMER PRESS TOUR
LOS ANGELES — ( July 12 , 2014 ) – Today , at the Television Critics Association summer press tour in Los Angeles , Hulu announced it will be the exclusive streaming home for all seasons of Comedy Central 's Emmy and Peabody Award-winning “ South Park “ !
HULU TO BECOME EXCLUSIVE HOME FOR “ SOUTH PARK ”
Hulu and South Park Digital Studios announced today the exclusive , multi-year licensing agreement to stream all seasons of “ South Park ” on the Hulu Plus subscription service . In addition , the entire “ South Park ” library will be available for free on Hulu from now until the premiere of season 18 this fall ( Sept. 24 ) . Fans will have next-day access to new episodes on Hulu and Hulu Plus starting with season 18 . SouthPark.cc.com will continue to have all seasons of South Park until the beginning of season 18 , at which point both Hulu and SouthPark.cc.com will have a revolving selection of free episodes available . Hulu will power the video and advertising experience on SouthPark.cc.com .
“ ‘ South Park ' has revolutionized TV and pushed boundaries with unparalleled topicality and daring humor , ” said Craig Erwich , Head of Content , Hulu . “ ‘ South Park ' has been one of the top ten most popular shows of all time on the platform . We 're thrilled to offer the series to fans in its entirety . ”
“ This is a natural partnership for us , ” said Matt Stone and Trey Parker , creators of “ South Park. ” “ We are excited that the entire library will be available on Hulu and that the best technology around will power South Park Digital Studios . ”
> > Watch your favorite episodes now on Hulu !
You 're going to want to hear this # RHOD house update .
Stephanie Hollman looked at an amazing potential property with their husband , Travis Hollman , in the latest episode of The Real Housewives of Dallas . The house was practically perfect in every way , except for one thing : there was an indoor pool ... in the living room .
Do n't believe us ? You can see it in all its glory in the video , above .
The RHOD mom of two liked the house but did n't think it would be the best place for their family to live ( see : there 's a pool in the living room ) . But Travis ended up winning the abode in an auction , so the house was theirs .
But now this crib can finally be Stephanie 's dream home . Travis revealed on Twitter Thursday that they have gotten rid of the pool in the living room . `` She won this round , '' the RHOD husband tweeted . `` The pool is gone ! ''
Stephanie took pride in their victory on Twitter with a simple `` # Winning '' in reply to Travis ' news .
The RHOD mom later explained that the pool is still there ; they 're `` just covering it . '' `` We are having a removable cover built so we can take it off for special occasions ! '' they tweeted .
Just covering it 😊 We are having a removable cover built so we can take it off for special occasions ! # RHOD — Stephanie Hollman ( @ stephhollman ) August 24 , 2017
We are going to build a removable cover , so @ travis_hollman dreams are n't entirely crushed ! — Stephanie Hollman ( @ stephhollman ) August 24 , 2017
Besides , Stephanie said that they still have a pool in the backyard so the family can get their swim on .
The Hollmans have n't moved into the home yet , but Stephanie said they will be `` soon . '' They also shared on Twitter that they 're planning on `` doing a bunch of renovations to make it much more kid friendly , but if not # ByeByeHouse . '' Now the RHOD mom is excited to `` let the decorating begin ! ''
And , in case you 're wondering , that toilet is still the best part of the house .
Oh I am loving that bathroom 😝 — Stephanie Hollman ( @ stephhollman ) August 24 , 2017
But we need more of those magical toilets 😝 — Stephanie Hollman ( @ stephhollman ) August 24 , 2017
Take a tour of Stephanie 's current fabulous pad and all of the RHOD abodes , below .
About This Game
A diorama is NOT a game , nor is it a demo . Simply put , a diorama is a painting you can visit with a simple goal of inspiring a sense of wonder . They are an ideal retreat to ponder and be somewhere else.The Marchland is the third entry in 'The Shoebox Diorama ' series , an ongoing series of fantastical dioramas for VR devices by interactive illustrator 'Daniel Ernst ' . A diorama can be explored as a standalone experience or as an interconnected experience through the ‘ Table of Contents ' diorama ( coming soon ) , which serves as the central hub.Visit a tollbooth where the visitor can experience what it feels like to be in between the real and virtual world and become a poltergeist of some sorts . You 're invisible , but you will see , feel and hear objects in the environment react to your touch . You can walk through walls , knock on Windows , and ruffle the plants . Or take a seat in the rain and watch as the invisible cars pass by . Before you know it , you have crossed over into ‘ The Marchland ' .
As First Nations evacuees continue to arrive in Winnipeg after being forced from their homes by wildfires in northeastern Manitoba more spaces are being created to house those displaced .
According to CBC News , close to 3,700 people from Wasagamack , St. Theresa Point and Garden Hill First Nations in the Island Lake area of northeastern Manitoba have been flown out of the region since Tuesday .
Residents from Wasagamack were taken by boat to St. Theresa Point to escape nearby wildfires .
Global News reports , the Red Cross announced on Saturday that 1,500 more wildfire evacuees are headed to Winnipeg and Brandon .
Roughly 900 of the 1,500 are to reach Winnipeg on Saturday . The remaining residents will be evacuated Sunday .
The latest batch of residents fleeing the fire is coming exclusively from Garden Hill as the community deals with heavy smoke .
The new evacuees from Garden Hill First Nation are coming at the request of the community . The group is those dealing with health concerns . — Timm Bruch ( @ GlobalTimm ) September 2 , 2017
The RBC Convention Centre and the Winnipeg Soccer North indoor complex have been turned into temporary shelters . Together , the centres hold roughly 1,900 , but there are currently more than 5,000 fleeing fires in the province .
Howver , the Canadian Red Cross in Manitoba and Nunavut , said Saturday the organization does n't anticipate opening up a third temporary shelter to help the triage centres . Friends and families are taking in some of the evacuees and freeing up some of the space in the shelters .
The last group of evacuees were brought in on eight small planes and one Hercules aircraft supplied by the federal government that has been in use since Thursday .
For people in Winnipeg who want to donate or volunteer time to pick up donations can post on the Helping Manitoba forest fire evacuees in Winnipeg & Brandon Facebook page . Organizers of that page are looking for everything from children 's toys to clothing , diapers , baby formula and toiletries .
The province says Manitoba has had around 500 fires so far this season .
Sen. Ted Cruz faces a critical test in Indiana 's Republican primary May 3 . While a loss would not eliminate him , it would make their efforts to stop Donald Trump even more challenging . ( Michael Conroy/AP )
After their clean sweep of five primaries Tuesday , the options for denying Donald Trump the Republican presidential nomination continue to dwindle rapidly — so swiftly , in fact , that next week 's primary in Indiana now appears to be a make-or-break event for the stop-Trump forces and especially the candidate running second , Sen. Ted Cruz ( Tex . ) .
What happened in Tuesday 's primaries was not wholly unexpected . Trump was playing on home turf , in states where Republican voters for the most part are less ideologically conservative than in other areas of the country . But as with their victory in New York a week ago , just because something was predicted does n't mean it is n't significant .
Which is why the losers — Cruz and Ohio Gov . John Kasich , who are now in an odd-couple alliance to stop Trump — did what losing candidates have done throughout this long primary season . They tried to make the best case they could that the battles ahead , not those just concluded , are the ones that really count . They are left to cling to no more than that .
For Trump 's rivals , all is now a numbers game — including the challenge of making everyone believe that the front-runner can be kept short of the 1,237 delegates needed to win on the first ballot at the convention . Based on raw arithmetic , it 's not unreasonable for Cruz , Kasich and others in the party who do n't want Trump as their nominee to express hope-to-confidence that they can be stopped .
Under the many possible projected outcomes in the remaining 10 states , Trump will either end up just over that magic number or somewhat short of it . At some point after June 7 , the last day of GOP primaries , it will be known whether Trump has a hard list of delegates who will vote for them on the first ballot — those who are bound to them on the basis of primary and caucus results , or those who are not bound but have made public pledges to him .
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz held a campaign rally in Knightstown , Ind. , on Tuesday after the primary races in Connecticut , Delaware , Maryland , Pennsylvania and Rhode Island . ( Reuters )
But there is more at work than just counting numbers . When Trump broke the 60 percent barrier in the popular vote in New York , it forced many Republicans to take notice and begin to acknowledge , if grudgingly , that they seemed more likely than before to prevail . That feeling could gather force on the basis of their powerful showing Tuesday night , when in state after state they rolled up huge margins .
Beyond their victories , there was evidence in the exit polls to suggest that the will among rank-and-file Republicans to stop a Trump nomination , even if they fall a bit short of 1,237 at the end of the primary race , might not be as strong as Cruz , Kasich and the GOP establishment would like to see .
Those exit polls indicated that majorities of Republicans who voted Tuesday say the candidate who has won the most — insert here your choice of states , delegates or raw votes — should end up becoming the nominee . Beyond that , there was evidence that in these states , at least — and granted , the five states composing Tuesday 's battlefield hardly constitute Cruz country — more voters said they could n't vote for the Texan in November than said that of Trump .
Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus has said repeatedly that coming close wo n't determine the nomination , that the nominee must break the 1,237 barriers . That 's a message some of the leaders in the stop-Trump movement are trying to reinforce , no matter what has happened on the past two primary nights .
Katie Packer , who oversees the anti-Trump super PAC called Our Principles , said nothing that has happened this week or last changes their group 's calculations about blocking Trump .
“ What we 're communicating to people , ” they said , “ is the same we communicated to people before New York and after New York , that the last primary day [ April 19 ] and this primary day were not going to be particularly good days . . . . We always planned to move beyond these two dates . ”
Packer sees California as the ultimate arbiter of the success of the stop-Trump forces , if only because the state will award 172 delegates on June 7 . But as a practical matter , Indiana and the 57 delegates up for grabs in its winner-take-all contest next Tuesday loom even larger . A Trump victory next week would amplify calls for the party to begin to rally behind him .
1 of 53 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Presidential hopeful Ted Cruz on the campaign trail View Photos The Texas Republican , the first major presidential candidate to formally declare a bid , is one of the last three GOP candidates left in the race . Caption Looking back at the Texas senator 's presidential bid . May 3 , 2016 Sen. Ted Cruz speaks with their wife , Heidi , by their side during a primary night campaign event in Indianapolis . Cruz ended their presidential campaign , eliminating the biggest impediment to Donald Trump 's march to the Republican nomination . Darron Cummings/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Cruz knows this , and that explains the unusual pact between the senator from Texas and the Ohio governor , which the rival campaigns announced late Sunday and which Trump attacked mercilessly Monday — and which has been in a fragile state ever since Kasich went off the reservation in describing it Monday .
Kasich , whose only strategy is to have the GOP nomination contest go beyond two or three ballots in Cleveland , has agreed to throttle back their campaign efforts in Indiana ( though they were in the state Tuesday raising money ) . That will give Cruz what they long have wanted : a clean matchup against Trump . In return , Cruz will not invest in later primaries in New Mexico and Oregon .
Cruz has had success in corralling delegates in inside combat at recent state conventions , outmaneuvering Trump to the point of embarrassment . But those delegates are n't all available to them on a first ballot . Some will go to Cleveland bound to Trump . Cruz needs to deny Trump those 57 Indiana delegates or face the reality that their candidacy could come to a bleak conclusion .
Had Cruz met some of their earlier targets in this race , they might not be looking at a do-or-die face-off in Indiana . By their own game plan , they were supposed to win South Carolina in February . Instead , Trump romped and won every delegate . Cruz was supposed to have a big day March 1 , when many Southern states cast ballots . They won Texas and Oklahoma , but Trump won Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia and Tennessee .
Trump has shattered Cruz 's goal of consolidating conservatives . Cruz was planning to nail down the evangelical vote , but Trump has won evangelicals in at least twice as many states as Cruz . Before Tuesday , among GOP voters who do not have college degrees , Trump had won in 18 states to Cruz 's four . In the contest for the most conservative voters , Cruz had won them in more states than Trump , but only by a handful . Trump had won those who call themselves “ somewhat conservative ” in 18 states to Cruz 's three . Those patterns continued Tuesday .
GOP strategist Russ Schriefer , who was an adviser to the campaign of New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie , said the uncertainty about the outcome remains real . “ Cruz is playing the hand that they have been dealt as well as they can play it , ” they said , pointing to the candidate 's efforts to raise doubts about whether Trump can get to 1,237 , their announcement that they are vetting a shortlist of candidates to be their running mate and their sketching out of scenarios under which they could claim the nomination . “ Whether it 's real or not , optically it 's smart , ” Schriefer said .
Republican pollster Neil Newhouse , who was an adviser to the super PAC supporting former Florida governor Jeb Bush 's campaign , called these efforts a late-game , Hail Mary play . “ They 're not sure any of this is going to work , but they do n't want to leave any stone unturned , any tactic untried , ” they said . “ I 'm sure they 've got to believe this is incredibly uphill , but the rule of campaigns is you never stop working and fighting and searching for the path to victory . ”
Cruz must survive to Cleveland and hope that Trump 's first-ballot strength will be their high-water mark . A defeat in Indiana , though not a mathematical ending to the nomination battle , would nonetheless be a crippling blow to what is left of their strategy for winning .
A prominent transgender activist was assaulted in Malaysia last week by two men with iron rods .
Nisha Ayub was named Hero of the Year at this year 's Asia LGBT Milestone Awards and was a 2015 recipient of Human Rights Watch 's Alison Des Forges Award for Extraordinary Activism .
Ayub described Thursday 's ( 10 September ) attack on Facebook .
‘ First time in my life , I have been attacked by 2 indian guys just below my house , ' they wrote .
It was a shocking moment for me . They use iron rod , hit my head . I fell and hurt my ankle , a slash on my leg . It was a horrific moment for me . Lucky my mum that always look from the window when I go to work saw everything and bcs of them screaming , they ran away . '
Ten years ago , Ayub was sentenced to three months in a male prison under an Islamic anti-crossdressing law . Since their release , they have tirelessly advocated for transgender rights in the Muslim-majority country .
A few days after the attack , they added : ‘ I 'm repeating what I said before , u can put me in jail , u can hurt me , u can even kill me but u can never take away my identity as a transgender woman . My work as an advocate will never stop until my last breath . '
The attack comes days after tourism minister Nazri Aziz said LGBTI Malaysians would never be granted equal rights ‘ because it is not allowed in Islam . '
Human rights group Suara Rakyat Malaysia ( SUARAM ) condemned the attack and the minister 's comments .
‘ The harm suffered by Nisha should stand as a reminder of the dangers and harassment LGBT activists and communities face in Malaysia . Irrespective of whether we agree or disagree with the ideals of another , as Malaysian , we must never fall to violence as a mean to express our disagreements , ' it said in a statement .
‘ In such dark times where some quarters think such acts as acceptable , we must stand in solidarity with our friends and stand fast against such act of violence . '
The group added : ‘ Unless the minister wish to be perceived as supporting such deplorable acts in Malaysia , we would advise the minister to retract their stance on the matter . '
As I 've discussed before , threat models or risk models help you to define the adversaries you should invest the most resources being concerned about . There are a variety of different risk perspectives you can use to design a threat model : adversary-centric , asset-centric , or software-centric . We can adopt these into very similar models for OPSEC plans . Each of these models have a single principal that operational security 's primary goal is to mitigate risk while maintaining operational capabilities .
Adversary-Centric OPSEC
In these types of plans , we 're focused on what an attacker or adversary can do to us ; who is coming after you , what they can do , and how you can defend . An adversary-cetnric policy has the advantage of being much easier to create and document because many people already think this way . It 's very simple to come up with a list of adversaries that have the potential to affect what 's important to you . The down-side of this approach is that you need to know your adversaries . In the case of the NSA “ revelations ” , many were shocked to find out that a nation-state had the type of capabilities that were disclosed . Prior to this , not many were able to mitigate themselves from these types of threats because they simply did n't know or fully appreciate an adversary of this nature .
Asset-Centric OPSEC
This approach focuses on designging mitigations around your assets — the things you value the most . If , for example , your asset is your ability to privately communicate on the Internet , you 're going to do everything you can to ensure no-one can affect this . You 're not focused on specific adversaries per se in this approach , but you are doing everything in your power to protect yourself . Maybe you 're buying a VPN service or using a botnet or Tor for all communications . Maybe you 've decided that you 're going to try out one of the new decentralized messaging systems as a way of keeping yourself secure .
One of the benefits of this method is that it 's easy to explain why a measure needs to take place . If you 're operating in a group , this may be an important factor . You can easily make the case that your asset needs to be secure , therefore we are taking these steps to mitigate the risk . Contrary to the adversary-centric approach , this is a less passive perspective — you are not taking the point of view of being fearful of something happening , you are merely performing the proactive , required procedures to keep your assets safe .
Operation-Centric OPSEC
This approach , my favorite , lends itself nicely to compartmentalization if you 're managing multiple identities across multiple operations . An operation in this case could be an identitiy , a research project , an regular activitiy or whatever , that may require specific operational security measures . An operation-centreic OPSEC plan may sound recursive to you , but the gist is that your plans are focused on your specific operation , and that operation alone . The main difference between this and an asset-centric approach is that it is designed to have drastically different and compartmentalized procedures allowing for scalability without letting one operation interfere with another .
If you 've ever taken a look at the security plans of a large , Fortune 500 company compared to that of a startup , it 's quite possible that the startup is able to implement simple , elegent , effective security plans while the Fortune 500 spends millions of dollars designing a unilateral security policy that severely inhibits the organizations operational capabilities . The reason that a small , agile startup can devise elegant OPSEC measures , is the same reason that compartmentalizing your OPSEC procedures in an operation-centric point-of-view is effective .
The other reason that I like this is because it gives you a good balance of a variety of different OPSEC approaches . You are paying attention to your operation 's assets while taking into account specific adversaries and their attacks . As you define an operation — we 'll say buying illegal drugs on the internet — you will be scoped down to a specific task and controlled environment . It lets you define boundaries in which your OPSEC guidelines can define situations in which your measures/countermeasures no longer protect you . This keeps risks at a minimum because you are only defending against a subset of your activities — those associated with the operation . In the example of buying illegal drugs on a darknet market , your OPSEC guidelines can state that in the case of the darkmarket collapse ( which seems to happen regularly lately ) , your operation should fold and the identity should be burned . You can take into accounts adversaries such as those that own the market , and assets you 're concerned about such as keeping yourself out of jail .
I will admit , none of those listed are perfect , nor do they make up an exhaustive list . They may however give you a starting point for building an OPSEC plan for yourself .
Check out how GoDaddy is empowering and celebrating makers to change their world if it does n't quite fit them . These folks are making their idea real and taking back control.Make The World You Want http : //x.co/6ney6 The world is n't black and white.There 's no one set path . No way you have to be.So why not do what you 've been dreaming of ? When you 're stuck in someone else 's story , write your own.When they want you to be quiet , say it louder.When you create change in society – make it happen.Do n't listen to self doubt.Do n't stop for people who do n't understand your vision.Whether it 's big or small , just go full steam ahead.You 've got the power , we 've got the toolsMake the world you want , and share it with everyone.Make your own way.As the company empowering everyday entrepreneurs around the world , GoDaddy gives you all the help and tools you need to grow online.Home page : http : //x.co/6nfWM # godaddy # godaddycommercial , # maketheworldyouwant , # makers Show less
A South Korean scholar has accused Japan of not making any attempt to ensure visitors to ( Ha-she-mah ) Hashima Island know the full history of the UNESCO Heritage site.That is where several hundred Koreans were taken by the Japanese , for forced labor during World War II , but no mention of the atrocity is written anywhere.Seo Kyoung-duk , a professor at Sungshin Women 's University said that , when they visited the island last week , there was no such information.Also left out are the years from 1940 to 1945 , .. when the Koreans were enslaved.In 2015 , Japan promised to reveal the island 's `` full history '' , .. including forced labor of Koreans , for it to be recognized as a heritage site that aided Japan 's industrialization.As an implementation report is due in December , the professor plans to demand the site 's UNESCO status be * * removed if Tokyo continues to whitewash the island 's dark history .
How I ( Finally ) Learned to Love My Body
Oh , it took years and years for me to even say it , let alone feel it , but : I love my body . Just as it is , too .
I 'm just a regular person with a regular ( as far as that term goes ) body . I 'm also a person with high self-esteem and an extremely healthy body image . At least , that 's where I am now . To recap , I suffered from an eating disorder for many years . Once I stopped eating in a disordered way , I had to dig into the underlying causes of the behavior . Food , or lack thereof , was just a symptom of a deep , deep dislike for my body , which , I learned after a whole lotta therapy , is really a deep , deep dislike for myself .
Somewhere along the line I got the message that I was n't enough and once I came to believe that , I needed to both punish myself for my supposed insufficiency and get to a state of enough-ness by dropping a lot of weight and being thinner than everyone else . Since I believed for so long that being thin was a sign that I was good enough and that if I was n't the “ really skinny girl , ” no one would love me , it was much harder to learn to love my new , not-underweight body than it was to learn to eat three meals and three snacks a day . Hard , but not impossible ! Here are the things that helped me get there :
1 . I stopped looking in the mirror . That 's right , I stopped starting off my day figuring out whether I had a “ good body ” or not . It was really hard , but refraining from body inspection meant I was n't hanging that day 's happiness and my sense of self-worth on what ( I thought ) my body looked . Over time , I realized I did n't have to be a “ body ” going out into the world , I could just be a person like everyone else .
2 . I stopped reading articles or looking at pictures in magazines about weight loss . I was obsessed with articles in tabloids—and even slightly more reputable publications , like the New York Daily News—that documented how celebrities lost weight . This kept the myth going to that there was such a thing as a good and bad body . The body with “ baby weight ” was bad while the body that had shed its “ baby weight ” was good . Those articles sent the message that the kind of body one possessed was of utmost importance . I did very , very well without them .
3 . I had a talk with a close guy friend in which they revealed that “ guys do n't care about any of that stuff ” —that stuff being , oh , I dunno not looking like a Victoria 's Secret model— “ and if they do , then forget him. ” Even though I prioritized having a thin body for way more reasons than wanting to attract the male gaze , I absolutely believed that a boy would be totally horrified if my body was n't `` perfect . '' My guy friend also said , “ Kelly , look around at the guys you have crushes on . I guarantee you they have flaws. ” They right . And , furthermore , they were in a happy relationship with a woman who loved their imperfect body . I was single . I decided they might be on to something .
4 . By realizing that “ we 're all ultimately worm food . And if you ca n't like your body now , what 're you gon na do when you 're 80 ? ” Ouch . That one came from the therapist . She 's right . My body ca n't be my source of my happiness , contentment , or self-worth . It 's just unsustainable—literally .
5 . I recited affirmations to myself : “ You 're beautiful. ” “ You enough. ” “ You 're perfect and loveable as you are. ” ( Again , from the therapist ) . They also suggested that when the negative thoughts started to take over , I should write them down on a piece of paper , cross them out , and write down the opposite thought underneath . For example , “ You 're body is repulsive ” became “ Your body is beautiful the way it is. ” This gradually stopped feeling fake .
6 . I started to think , “ Would I talk to my friend the way my head is talking to me right now ? ” Absolutely not ! I started to see that I could apply the same non-judgmental attitude to myself that I would to my closest friends . Why did I deserve special ( especially abusive ) treatment ?
7 . I stayed away from diet- and fitness-obsessed friends . I had a handful who were hardcore gym-rats , and others who were way into “ healthy living ” ( which really meant obsessing with their appearances and torturing themselves with various potions for their skin , practicing extreme diets under the guise of “ clean eating , ” and even week-long fasts ) . It was a toxic environment for me if I wanted to let go of my obsession with what I looked like .
8 . I started to be thankful for my body , and for what it could do for me . Yes , I absolutely had to fake that appreciation in the beginning . My therapist had me write out gratitude lists for my body . “ I 'm grateful that my body is healthy ; I 'm grateful that my body can take me on a hike. ” That kind of thinking gradually reeled in the desire to harm by body .
It did n't happen quickly and it took a lot of pain in order for me to even become willing to let go of the shame I felt around my body . Today I 'm happy with the way I look . Is my body `` perfect '' ? No . Do I care ? Actually , no . I learned that there 's so much more to life than what kind of body I have . And dropping the rock I carried for years and years has opened up SO MUCH time in my life—on any given day . Now that I 'm not plotting out the most effective method for me to lose weight I actually have a life . I work on fulfilling the goals for the rest of my life . My writing life , for instance , has never been stronger .
Do you have experience with learning to love your body ? If so , please share .
In the New Bill James Historical Abstract , every decade has a player listed with the title of “ Can I Try This Career Over ? ” In each case , it 's a player who had a career that did n't remotely compare to their level of talent for a number of reasons that were entirely out of their control . They ended up in the wrong organization at the wrong time and got stuck behind the wrong player . They suffered injuries at the exact moment when they would have gotten steady playing time . They wasted their career on the bench in the middle of nowhere and eventually revealed how good they were later on in their career .
When I was watching the Cardinals-Seahawks game last night , I kept thinking about that in relation to Carson Palmer . As they scuffled behind an offensive line that seemed to be offering the Seahawks bottle service as they let them through , I really started to wonder : Has anybody been in the wrong place at the wrong time more frequently than Palmer ? I do n't really blame Palmer for how they have performed , and I do n't pity them — inasmuch as I could ever pity a tall , perma-tanned USC quarterback — but I also ca n't imagine that Palmer ever thought it would have ended up this way when they entered the 2003 draft . There was a superstar here once , and now there 's the guy who had their receivers coming over the top to tip away would-be interceptions . Every athlete has to go through that decline , but there 's a huge chunk of Palmer 's career missing that he 'll never get back . If anyone deserves another chance to redo their career , it 's Palmer .
Put Palmer 's career in perspective and you 'll see what I mean . It seems impossible to think this way about them today , but when Palmer finished up their run at USC with a Heisman Trophy victory and entered the 2003 NFL draft , they were considered to possibly be the best quarterback prospect since Peyton Manning . Their Sports Illustrated scouting report from the time highlights their mobility and effectiveness rolling out of the pocket , skills that Palmer rarely displays at this advanced stage of their career . The poise and timing attributed to the young Palmer seem assigned to another person entirely .
There were rumors at the time that the Bengals , who had the first overall pick in that year 's draft , might trade the pick away to add depth to their roster . The Bears , who had the fourth overall pick , were rumored to be lurking as a likely landing spot for Palmer if the Bengals passed on them to take Charles Rogers or Terence Newman . Could Palmer 's career have looked much more different than if they had ended up with the Bears , a team that was about to have a three-year run as one of the best defenses in football ? As it was , the Bengals drafted Palmer and the Bears traded down with the Jets , eventually drafting Rex Grossman with one of their two first-round picks .
Palmer , a four-year starter at USC , was kept on the sidelines their entire rookie season and did n't throw a single pass . It 's hard to imagine that most of the bad teams in the league would have kept Palmer locked up on the sidelines all year , but the Bengals went 8-8 with Jon Kitna at the helm . That 's a full season wasted . Some would later credit their early success to spending that full year on the sidelines catching up , but it 's impossible to prove causation there . In today 's NFL it seems downright quaint to imagine a top-five pick spending the entire season on the sidelines , even though this happened to Palmer only a decade ago . Imagine Washington keeping Robert Griffin on the sidelines all season last year so they could start Rex Grossman for 16 more games . That does n't happen in a sports-blog-driven world .
Palmer did n't have to wait much longer to get their opportunity ; the Bengals installed them as the starter before the 2004 season and , injury aside , stuck with them throughout their “ rookie ” campaign . Palmer 's numbers were n't incredible — they completed 61 percent of their passes , checked down a lot , and threw one touchdown for every interception — but they would become a star in 2005 , their second season as the Cincinnati starter . During that second season , Palmer looked like the best young quarterback in football ; they led the league in completion percentage ( 67.8 percent , the sort of figure that was unheard of at the time ) and touchdown passes ( 32 ) while posting the league 's lowest sack rate ( 3.6 percent ) . They threw nearly three touchdowns for every interception , won 11 games with the Bengals for the first ( and only ) time since 1988 , and made a star out of T.J. Houshmandzadeh , a possession receiver and return man at the bottom of the Cincinnati offense . Alongside the already-established Chad Johnson , Houshmandzadeh would have their best success with Palmer in Cincinnati . And like Johnson , Houshmandzadeh would try to go elsewhere after their run in Cincinnati and struggle to make an impact .
That iteration of Palmer — the guy who looked every bit as good as Peyton Manning or Tom Brady in 2005 — was set to compete with Ben Roethlisberger for a decade 's worth of AFC North division titles . Instead , their rivalry as equals ended after Palmer 's first postseason pass . Hosting the Steelers in Cincinnati in the wild-card round , the Bengals forced the Steelers to punt . On their second play from scrimmage , Palmer dropped back and hit Chris Henry on a go-route for 66 yards . As the crowd celebrated , the camera panned back to reveal that Palmer was in agony behind the play . Their knee had been ripped apart by a diving hit from Steelers lineman Kimo von Oelhoffen , a blow that would be made illegal three years later after Tom Brady was taken out by a similarly diving Bernard Pollard . For the next four years , Palmer 's playoff record consisted entirely of one pass for 66 yards .
There is an entire career missing there , eight more seasons of great quarterback play that we never saw . The injury came 11 days after Palmer agreed to terms on a mammoth six-year , $ 118.75 million contract extension . That deal , a testament to the player everybody expected Palmer to remain , would eventually help push Palmer out of Cincinnati altogether . The Bengals themselves never reached the heights that the 11-5 season seemed to point to with that core of talent , and Palmer eventually became the scapegoat .
When they did return nine months after tearing their ACL and MCL and dislocating their kneecap , Palmer was n't the same . Even with the quick return , 2006 was still the best season Palmer would ever have after that breakout season the year before . They completed 62.3 percent of their passes , threw for a career-high 7.8 yards per attempt , and had more than two touchdowns for every interception . And while they are n't quite as good in 2007 , when they led the league with 20 interceptions , it was n't the sort of season that would stand out as notably poor , just a relatively disappointing season in the career of an otherwise-great player . Again , though , Palmer was about to take a step down .
After a slow start to the 2008 season , Palmer suffered an elbow injury in Week 3 when they were sacked by Giants cornerback Corey Webster . They did n't report any issues until the following Friday before missing Week 4 , and when an MRI revealed no structural damage , they came back for Week 5 . It was the last game they played all year ; despite Palmer finishing up that game without any complaints while going 23-for-39 with two touchdown passes , another MRI revealed that their elbow ligaments had detached from the bone , producing a torn UCL , which meant that they would likely need Tommy John surgery on their throwing arm . Palmer passed on the surgery and was week-to-week for the rest of the season without ever returning .
Even more than the knee injury , the elbow injury dramatically changed Palmer 's level of performance . Here are Palmer 's rate statistics before and after that 2008 campaign :
Cmp % Yds/Att INT % Before UCL Tear 64.1 % 7.3 3.1 % After UCL Tear 61.0 % 7.0 3.4 %
That 's a bigger decline than the numbers might suggest . Palmer went from being a comfortably above-average quarterback to a slightly below-average one overnight ; given their huge contract , that changed them from a necessary evil to an albatross in Cincinnati . There 's no video of the Webster hit online , but I wonder about how things might have been different without the knee injury . When Palmer came back , I saw a number of NFL shows that broke down their new mechanics and how they were unsure of themselves in the pocket ; Palmer was n't planting their leg on their throws , which caused them to be inaccurate . That also put more stress on their shoulder and elbow . They eventually started to plant their leg again , but it seems that the mechanical shifts that resulted from Palmer 's knee injury helped fray that elbow ligament . And might Palmer have been able to escape the hit and either get out of the pocket or create a throwing lane for themselves if their knee had always been 100 percent ?
In any case , when Palmer came back , they led the Bengals to another division title . But the numbers indicate that this was the first sign that Palmer 's arm strength had been sapped by the elbow injury ; while they completed 60.5 percent of their passes , they averaged a mere 6.6 yards per attempt . They were still healthy enough to lead the Bengals to the playoffs , throwing in five game-winning drives and three fourth-quarter comebacks in the process . After they lost to the Jets , though , Palmer 's run as a successful quarterback in Cincinnati was over . They were mediocre during the 2010 season , throwing 20 interceptions without any discernible improvements elsewhere , and that was enough to end Palmer 's tenure with the team . Their itinerant phase was beginning .
Palmer requested a trade to move on from Cincinnati , but they were facing a stubborn , foolish owner in Mike Brown , who dug in and forced Palmer to sit on the sideline . Palmer sat for the first six weeks of the regular season , but just before the trade deadline , an opportunity arose . The Raiders misguidedly believed they were contenders , and two years ago today , Raiders head coach Hue Jackson took advantage of a chaotic front office ( following the death of Al Davis two weeks earlier ) and replaced an injured Jason Campbell by dealing a first- and second-round pick to Cincinnati for its estranged quarterback . Oakland even signed Palmer to a contract extension worth $ 43 million , another deal that would come back to haunt the team that signed Palmer .
Oakland went 4-6 the rest of the way with the occasional big play from Palmer , but the bigger concern became their contract . When they flipped , their team had flopped . The Raiders fired Jackson after the season and replaced them with the combination of Dennis Allen at head coach and , crucially , Reggie McKenzie at general manager . McKenzie wanted to rebuild the barren team from the ground up , and that included the guy playing quarterback . Again , it was another wasted move for Palmer ; right after giving up half a season to try to find the right team elsewhere , they ended up in the wrong spot at the wrong time . What could they have done with a season and a half alongside a better team ? It was another false start .
Finally , the USC product refused to renegotiate their contract heading into this 2013 season , leading to another epic game of chicken between Palmer and their employers . It eventually led to the Raiders trading Palmer away ( in order to start Matt Flynn , somehow ) to the Cardinals for a conditional seventh-round pick . In agreeing to the deal , Palmer gave in , renegotiating their contract into a $ 16 million , two-year deal that the Cardinals will get out of after this season . Because the Raiders waited until the beginning of April to trade Palmer , Arizona was the last starting job left standing . It left Palmer playing behind one of the worst offensive lines in the league , and that was only the beginning . The Cardinals would draft guard Jonathan Cooper in the first round later that month , but Cooper suffered an injury in August that will keep them out for the whole year . Left tackle Levi Brown , the most notable offensive lineman on the roster , was n't remotely competent after coming back from a season-ending injury , and made it through only the middle of October before being dealt to the Steelers . If you saw what Seattle did to Palmer on Thursday , you know what 's going to be happening to Palmer over the remainder of the season . He 's basically going to get hit and hit until they get hurt , and when they do , the Cardinals will be down to Drew Stanton at QB . Palmer is biding time before their next missed opportunity .
That 's four major events that drastically impacted Carson Palmer 's career : being drafted by the Bengals as opposed to a more hospitable organization , suffering the serious knee injury during their first playoff pass , having their elbow fall apart , and being traded to the Raiders only for the people who acquired them to get fired within months . In each case , they ended up getting the short side of the professional/medical stick . It seems horribly unfair for a player who was such a bright star in 2005 . There 's no guarantee that things would be any different for him , but if anyone deserves another shot at the same career given their talent level , it 's Carson Palmer . Circumstances that were mostly out of their control prevented them from becoming the player they seemed they could be .
But the strangest nugget in the pact that the Republican member of congress from Minnesota signed was one that hearkens back to the good old days when slavery was legal , meaning that black kids had the priceless benefit of having a traditional home .
The manifesto is ripe with anti-gay paranoia written by the man who once said , `` If we 're teaching the kids , 'do n't smoke , because that 's a risky health style , ' the same can be true of the homosexual lifestyle . ''
Somehow they fancy themselves a kingmaker and is hoping that other GOP politicians , desperate to appear so-conservative-it-hurts will sign their pledge [ .pdf ] titled `` The Marriage Vow : A Declaration of Dependence upon MARRIAGE and FAMILY . ''
The pledge was drawn up by Bob Vander Plaats , a man who ran for governor of Iowa in 2010 and lost in the Republican primary despite the benefit of an endorsement from Internet legend Chuck Norris . Vander Plaats also sought the high office in Iowa in 2002 and 2006 ( as Jim Nussle 's running mate ) but voters gave them the thumbs down .
Michele Bachmann signed a controversial pact Thursday that is anti-gay , anti-abortion , anti-pornography , and floats the curious notion that African American children were better off during slavery than they are under the Obama administration .
`` Slavery had a disastrous impact on African American families , yet sadly a child born into slavery in 1860 was more likely to be raised by their mother and father in a two-parent household than was an African American baby born after the election of the USA 's first African American president , '' the vow states in a bullet-point .
Cheryl Contee of the Jack & Jill political blog explains some of the errors in that portion of the vow .
`` Given that families were broken up regularly for sales during slavery and that rape by masters was pretty common , this could not be more offensive , '' Contree wrote .
`` When will Republicans inquire with actual black people whether or not we 're ok with invoking slavery to score cheap political points ? It has to stop . It is the opposite of persuasive and is another reason Republicans repel us . It 's hard to believe that Michele Bachmann would be foolish enough to sign this pledge , '' Contree complained .
Vander Plaats says their group , the Family Leader , will not support any candidate who declines to sign the pledge , which means former Utah Gov . Jon Huntsman wo n't be getting their support since Huntsman never signs pledges , according to the Des Moines Register . The paper also reported that a spokesperson for Texas representative Ron Paul said the member of congress has reservations about the pact .
Bachmann is no stranger to anti-gay rhetoric . Them strategist-husband last year said homosexuals were barbarians who need to be disciplined .
`` We have to understand : Barbarians need to be educated . They need to be disciplined . Just because someone feels it or thinks it does n't mean that we are supposed to go down that road . That 's what is called the sinful nature . We have a responsibility as parents and as authority figures not to encourage such thoughts and feelings from moving into the action steps , '' Marcus Bachmann said as a guest on the Christian-based `` Point of View '' radio talk show May 12 , 2010 .
RELATED :
Bachmann may struggle in Palin 's shadow
Sarah Palin 's chief fires back at Michele Bachmann 's strategist
John Wayne to John Adams : Michele Bachmann stands by their ( mis ) statements
-- Tony Pierce
Twitter.com/busblog
Andrew Malcolm is on assignment
Photo : Republican presidential hopeful Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R-Minn. ) talks to Chris Ryan during the taping of a radio show at the Barley House in Concord , N.H. Credit : Jim Cole / Associated Press
Should the United States be permanently at war ? Listen carefully to this week 's Republican presidential debate on national security and the answer becomes pretty clear . For most of the major GOP candidates , the answer is yes .
Within the first few minutes of the GOP debate , Newt Gingrich , Mitt Romney , Michele Bachmann , Herman Cain , and Rick Santorum had all declared the United States at war while answering a question about the Patriot Act . In making this assertion , none of them mentioned Afghanistan or Iraq , the two countries where large numbers of U.S. troops have in recent years actually been fighting . No , for the Republican presidential candidates , talking about Iraq and Afghanistan is thinking small . They were talking about America 's “ war against terror , ” a war they believe should define the way the U.S. government approaches civil liberties , and spends money , for , in Gingrich 's words , “ the rest of our lives . ”
Think about that for a second . When George W. Bush declared the United States at war with terror after Sept. 11—thus setting in motion the vast financial expenditures and gut-wrenching human-rights abuses that would mark their foreign policy—many national-security experts genuinely believed Al Qaeda would commit additional 9/11s on American soil—and possibly attacks that could be far worse . But it 's been more than 10 years without another attack in the U.S.—or anywhere in the world—that 's even close to 9/11 in scale . Al Qaeda is largely irrelevant to the changes shaking the Arab world , where even Islamist parties are taking part in elections and thus breaking fundamentally with the terror network 's core belief that sovereignty belongs to God , not to the people . And America 's drone and special forces attacks have eviscerated Al Qaeda 's leadership structure . A Washington Post report this summer explained that the CIA and other U.S. intelligence agencies now consider Al Qaeda a shell of its former self . As a top U.S. counterterrorism official told the Post more recently that “ we have rendered the organization that brought us 9/11 operationally ineffective . ”
Intelligence experts can be wrong , of course . But at the debate , the major Republican candidates did n't even bother to explain why . They simply declared that because there is a threat , America remains at war . Sure , there 's a terrorist threat and there always will be , even if Al Qaeda itself goes out of business . But if that 's all it takes for the United States to be at war , the United States will never be a peacetime nation again , which means we 'll never be able to regain the civil liberties we enjoyed before 9/11 , or tame a defense and homeland security budget that has grown so massively in the last decade .
We 've been through this before . The idea that America was fighting a “ Cold War ” against “ global communism ” when in fact we were engaged in a power struggle with a calcifying Soviet Union and a series of left-wing Third World movements over which it had little influence distorted American foreign and domestic policy for decades . But at least the “ Cold War ” was an oxymoron—it suggested a state of tension that did not result in the taking up of arms . “ War on terror , ” which suggests active military conflict , is even worse . Travel around America today . Do we look like a nation at war ? The small segment of the American population that serves in the military is still fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq . But the rest of the nation has utterly lost interest . And when those two wars mercifully end—as they likely will no matter who is president in the next few years—America will be a peacetime nation again . At some level , the leading Republican presidential candidates understand that . They would never dream of suggesting that America 's “ war on terror ” requires higher taxes , a draft or anything else that would burden the ordinary American . And yet they keep using the language of war to insulate America 's defense budget from serious scrutiny and to suggest that people accused of terrorism do n't deserve basic protections under the law .
As George Orwell famously noted , bad public policy often hides behind dishonest language . Nations that truly are permanently at war generally go bankrupt or become police states or both . Nations whose leaders pretend they are permanently at war when they are actually not simply suffer a profound distortion of their national priorities . In the United States today , that is bad enough .
Former Labor premiers Bob Carr and Morris Iemma have gone to war over who was responsible for the rise of Eddie Obeid amid warnings that corruption hearings involving the notorious powerbroker will have dire consequences for the party at the federal election .
Senator Carr , now the Foreign Affairs Minister , has accused Mr Iemma , their successor as premier , of a serious error by allowing Mr Obeid `` special status '' in their government .
Clash : Morris Iemma , left , and Bob Carr . Credit : James Alcock , Dominic Lorrimer
'' I 'm sure that Morris Iemma , a very decent - decent and honest figure - would reflect that it was a cardinal mistake to allow Obeid that special status and privilege , '' Senator Carr says in comments that will go to air on Monday night on the ABC program Four Corners .
'' And people who then ran the state ALP machine were making a terrible mistake to confer some special status on him . For what reason ? What could they deliver ? What qualities could they bring ? ''
After launching the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 on August 2nd , we have reported about the Galaxy Note 7 explosions while charging . Though there is no official update on both the incidents . Today , the Samsung announced to recall all the Galaxy Note 7 units and the customers will be replaced with a new unit . While we reported two incidents , the company received 35 incidents of Galaxy Note 7 malfunctions .
Samsung also confirmed that only 24 units in every one million devices at a risk of catching fire . But in precautionary measures , the company is recalling all the Galaxy Note 7 Note devices . The confusion between the Samsung India and one of the local retailer resulted in selling one of the Note 7 units prior to the actual sale date in India . Now the company is trying to buy back the device and is even willing to pay 3X the amount of what the customer paid .
While in India and few other countries the availability date of the device is postponed . But in China , the company has officially launched the Galaxy Note 7 on August 26th and the device is mentioned to be available from September 1st . Though there is no 6GB RAM variant , the company started selling the 4GB RAM variant of Galaxy Note 7 from yesterday .
The worldwide sales of the Galaxy Note 7 are stopped due to the battery issue , but the Chinese sales are n't halted as the Galaxy Note 7 units sold in China uses the battery from the different supplier . Today , the company sent out the press release mentioning the same . Below is the English translation of the Chinese press release .
Samsung Electronics officially announced , ease of use for the protection of consumers , in some countries , for Galaxy Note7 possible risks proactively replace the battery . Country line version from September 1 officially on sale in the Chinese market , the use of different battery suppliers , not in the replacement category , Chinese consumers can rest assured purchase . Samsung Electronics will continue to carry out “ Chinese people love to do business and contribute to China 's social enterprise ” commitment to continue to uphold the quality and service first conviction , for consumers the best products and experiences . Thanks to the media and public attention for China Samsung Electronics . – Samsung ( Sep 2 , 2016 )
Abstract
Less than ten years ago , the asbestos industry enjoyed the support of every Quebec and Canadian political party . The Chrysotile Institute and the International Chrysotile Association , both located in Quebec , aggressively marketed asbestos around the world , claiming scientific evidence showed that chrysotile asbestos could be safely used . The industry created a climate of intimidation . Consequently , no groups advocating for victims of asbestos or campaigning for its outright ban existed in Quebec to challenge the industry . A campaign was launched to mobilize the scientific community to speak out . Working with scientists , activists , and asbestos victims around the world , a small group of Quebec scientists exposed the false arguments of the asbestos industry . They publicly and repeatedly challenged the unscientific and unethical asbestos policy of the government . By appealing to Quebec values and holding those in power accountable , the campaign won public support and succeeded against all odds in defeating the asbestos industry . View Full-Text
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. – A scary encounter led a woman to develop a bra that can hold pepper spray and a knife .
Last April , Jennifer Cutrona was training for a marathon . Them run took them to a favorite wooded trail near their home in Texas .
Them earbuds were in , and they caught off guard when a man lurking in the woods jumped out to grab them
They said all they could think of was getting away and back home to their two sons .
“ If I were to be killed senselessly on a trail for somebody 's thrill , how bad it would impact their world ? ! ” Cutrona said .
Cutrona believes women should prepare for the worst when they go out to run alone .
After their assault , they invented and patented a new self-defense bra , called “ Booby Trap Bras . ”
The very day after their assault they sewed a sheath into their sports bra so they could carry a knife for protection .
They patented the bra – designed for activity -- which provides women a way to safely store a special knife or pepper spray which they can easily access if attacked . The `` Just in Case Knife Bra '' retails for $ 54.99 ( knife sold on website separately ) and the `` Just in Case Pepper Spray Bra '' retails for $ 49.99 .
“ It had to happen for me to move forward , ” Cutrona said . “ I was excited that I got away , but I know a lot of women are n't that lucky . ”
Them message of safety and empowerment is something Cindy Andrews appreciates . They love to walk with their kids in the park and worries about them when she 's not around .
“ Because you never know , want to trust everybody but ca n't anymore , ” Andrew said .
That 's what Cutrona and their mother Teresa hope more women will take away from them story .
“ It was n't done out of fear , to live in fear , it was done just to be prepared just in case . ”
The pepper spray has a blue dye added to it , to help police detect the attacker .
Within three months of their design , Cutrona began shipping orders .
You can find them on their website , here .
FILE PHOTO : Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen addresses a news conference in Vienna , Austria May 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger Reuters
VIENNA ( Reuters ) - Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen will insist that the coalition government formed after next month 's parliamentary election should be pro-European , they said on Tuesday , but they stopped short of saying that ruled out the far-right .
Van der Bellen , a former Greens leader , ran on a pro-European Union platform and beat an opponent from the far-right Freedom Party ( FPO ) in last year 's presidential election .
As head of state , they are mainly a figurehead but they do have the power to appoint and dismiss governments .
The eurosceptic FPO initially cheered Britain 's vote last year to leave the European Union but has since watered down its criticism of the bloc as polls have shown that a clear majority of Austrians want their country to remain a member .
`` I will ensure after the election that the new government , whatever its composition , does not lose sight of one thing : Austria should also in the future be a country at the heart of Europe , at the heart of the European Union , '' Van der Bellen said in a speech to the nation ahead of the Oct. 15 vote .
Van der Bellen has said they would aim to prevent FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache from becoming chancellor if the anti-immigration party won the election .
That outcome appears increasingly unlikely as polls show the conservative People 's Party ( OVP ) led by Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz has a significant lead , with Chancellor Christian Kern 's Social Democrats ( SPO ) or the FPO in second place .
The SPO and OVP have dominated post-war politics and are in coalition together , but tensions between them have grown , making it more likely the election winner will turn to the FPO to obtain a parliamentary majority and form a government .
In their address , Van der Bellen called on Austrians to inform themselves on political parties and their policies and to shun short-term thinking . They also said parties should avoid clashing so fiercely that they could not hold talks after the election .
When asked after their speech if they would prevent the FPO from entering government , they did not give a direct answer .
`` I have always said clearly , and I stand by it and I think I have also made clear today , that I place the greatest importance on Austria having a pro-European government , '' they said .
( Reporting by Francois Murphy ; Editing by Janet Lawrence )
I learned about Reddit a few years back . One page with everything interesting . I was always a lurker , because I just browse . I do n't care about karma points or votes . I could simply go to reddit.com and look at cool stuff . I can firmly say the quality of that experience has diminished significantly . I was clicking random because I was bored and it brought me to r/conspiracy , and I noticed the post , `` How Reddit was destroyed 3.0 '' . That post was a breath of fresh air . I 've read about reddit scandals with mods and admins before , but I did n't realize it went that deep . The thing was , there was still no other site worth browsing . I hope this changes that . I really would like more people to start seeing reddit for what it has become . I 've book marked this site , and will be here every day , IF you ( everyone else here ) can keep me here . I could say so much more , but it 's all unorganized in my head . Reddit went full-retard with bias and censorship . I will try to get all my reddit user friends to use this site , I believe it is the right thing to do . I have not even looked at the front page here much , but I can already tell it 's like the reddit that was . Sorry for saying , `` reddit , '' and , `` I , '' so much . I have so much more I could say but if I continue I 'll start sounding like a babbling idiot . I would even go from lurker to user , just for this site .
Diaz , who insists they ca n't be a homophobe because they know gay people ( two of their brothers , one who recently died , are gay ) , and who refuses to accept any blame for gay New Yorkers not being able to wed , says their opposition to marriage is merely the will of the people . But do n't hate them for it : `` My religion does n't allow me to dance . But that does not mean I do n't go to the party . My religion does n't allow me to drink . But that does n't mean I ca n't hang around with my friends . My religion is against gay marriage . It means , I do n't agree with what you do . But let 's go out . Let 's go to the movies . Let 's be friends . ”
And then there 's the National Organization for Marriage , which aims to replace white supremacists as America 's largest hate group . It just announced it 's building a half million dollar `` war chest '' to mount a primary challenge for any GOP senator who votes for gay marriage , whether or not the vote wins or loses this week . That means , as Thomas Duane & Co. rally to lock in as many of the 32 Democratic votes as they can , the fight to secure Republican votes is that much harder .
It 's a bit of a different twist than gay activists boycotting the Democratic National Committee : NOM is threatening to wipe out lawmakers before they cast their vote , while gays are threatening to withhold funds only after their elected officials screwed them over .
Though Apple has long been vocal about its stance on security and privacy , it has recently begun utilizing that stance as a sales tool . If you 'd like to keep personal data — anonymized or not — to yourself as much as possible , the company has messaged , then you should invest in Apple hardware .
That policy , of course , requires extra examination when Apple launches features that require data to be sent off of your phone in order to be effective . The ‘ Hey Siri ' feature , for instance , now no longer requires that your phone be plugged in to power to be active . An ‘ always listening ' phone logically raises some questions about how that data will be handled , transmitted and sent . Live Photos , as well , are a new wrinkle — photographs with audio and motion attached .
These new features have raised some questions about how Apple will maintain user privacy . Our own Natasha Lomas covered some of those queries this morning . In a Q & A provided to TechCrunch , Apple has attempted to address them .
That information , along with some knowledge I 've gleaned from talking to folks around town this week , makes the answers to some of these questions clearer .
Live Photos
Live Photos are a new kind of iPhone image ‘ format ' that look like a normal picture until you ‘ force touch ' them ( tap and push ) . When you do so , the photo comes alive with a bit of motion and audio — 1.5 seconds before the picture and 1.5 seconds after it .
Live Photos are treated almost exactly like any other photo shot on an iPhone . This means that they 're encrypted , both at rest and in transit to iCloud .
Because Live Photos record motion before your still image , they are continuously buffered beginning the moment you open your camera app and see the Live icon ( orange circle ) at the top of your screen . Apple says that this 1.5 second recording only happens when the camera is on , and this information is not permanently saved until you take a picture , period .
“ Although the camera is “ recording ” while you 're in Live Photo mode , the device will not save the 1.5 seconds before until you press the camera button , ” says Apple . “ The pre-captured images are not saved to the user 's device nor are they sent off the device . ”
The 1.5 seconds after the still capture are also recorded because you 've tapped the camera button in live mode .
From what we 've gleaned , Live Photos are a single 12-megapixel image and a paired motion format file , likely a .mov . They are presented together by iOS but are actually separate entities tied to one another . This means that you can send a Live Photo to someone as a still image if you choose — or save it as a still image separately . You do not have to include the motion format . If you want someone else to be able to view them as Live Photos , of course , they have to be running iOS 9 or above . The total size of a Live Photo varies like any compressed image , but on average it takes up roughly the space of two 12-megapixel images .
“ We treat privacy and security of Live Photos the same that we do for existing Photos and Videos . They do n't leave the device for any reason unless you purposely share it or elect to use iCloud , ” says the company .
The Live Photos feature is on by default but can be turned off with a tap of the icon .
Hey Siri
Perhaps the larger question is how does not having to have your iPhone plugged in affect the privacy of Apple 's ‘ Hey Siri ' feature ? Being able to say the phrase at any time to activate Siri is convenient , but raises some questions about what Apple means by ‘ listening ' and whether any of that stuff is recorded .
Hey Siri is an optional feature that is enabled by an opt-in step in iOS 9 's setup . You can choose never to enable it . If you do enable it , nothing is ever recorded in any way before the feature is triggered .
“ In no case is the device recording what the user says or sending that information to Apple before the feature is triggered , ” says Apple .
Instead , audio from the microphone is continuously compared against the model , or pattern , of your personal way of saying ‘ Hey Siri ' that you recorded during setup of the feature . Hey Siri requires a match to both the ‘ general ' Hey Siri model ( how your iPhone thinks the words sound ) and the ‘ personalized ' model of how you say it . This is to prevent other people 's voices from triggering your phone 's Hey Siri feature by accident .
Until that match happens , no audio is ever sent off of your iPhone . All of that listening and processing happens locally .
“ The “ listening ” audio , which will be continuously overwritten , will be used to improve Siri 's response time in instances where the user activates Siri , ” says Apple . The keyword there being ‘ activates Siri . ' Until you activate it , the patterns are matched locally , and the buffer of sound being monitored ( from what I understand , just a few seconds ) is being erased , un-sent and un-used — and unable to be retrieved at any point in the future .
Of course , as has always been the case with Siri , once a match is made and a Siri command is sent off to Apple , it 's associated with your device using a random identifier , not your Apple ID or another personalized piece of info . That information is then ‘ approved ' for use in improving the service , because you 've made an explicit choice to ask Apple 's remote servers to answer a query .
“ If a user chooses to turn off Siri , Apple will delete the User Data associated with the user 's Siri identifier , and the learning process will start all over again , ” says Apple .
The subtext here , of course , is the constant battle Apple will have to wage to balance the data needs of its more advanced personalization and convenience features with its relatively hardcore position on user privacy .
Could Apple do more if it continuously sent ( anonymized ) data back to its servers regardless of a personalized Siri match ? Surely . It would give its data scientists a ton more data to work with to make the service better at a more rapid clip . And the argument could be made that since the data was anonymized , no harm is done . That 's certainly the argument that Google uses to provide better Google Now services and to utilize the data to target ads .
But because Apple has explicitly challenged itself to move as little data as possible off of your local device , and to keep that data internal ( not sharing it with partners ) , it will need to stay solidly on the conservative side of the line with any features like Hey Siri and Live Photos .
And it will doubtless have to answer questions like these any time it pushes the boundaries of what is possible with its cloud services .
Friends say Sandra Mize is soft-spoken with a great laugh , but do n't mess with the 63-year-old grandmother of 10 .
When they were awakened by an intruder smashing through their backdoor early Wednesday they grabbed their gun and confronted the man . When they kept coming , they fired the gun for the first time in 30 years .
They missed . The man sat down and waited while they called 911 . After officers took the intruder into custody they gave Mize a junior police badge , The Spokesman-Review reported Thursday .
`` Having a firearm in your home for personal protection , I guess we got to see the value of that last night , '' said Police Chief Frank Straub .
It 's a hotly debated issue in Spokane where a suspected car thief was shot and killed by the owner nine days earlier about a mile from Mize 's home . Prosecutors are deciding whether to charge Gail Gerlach in the death of Brendon Kaluza-Graham . Gerlach said they thought the thief was going to shoot him .
`` I could let my car drive down the block , '' Mize said . `` That does n't bother me . Someone in my home bothers me . ''
Mize was sleeping when they heard their back door splintering .
They grabbed the .22-caliber handgun they keep by their bed and ran into their dark living room to see the silhouette of a man in their kitchen .
Separated by only a kitchen counter , Mize warned the intruder they were armed .
`` He just kept coming , '' Mize said . `` I did n't hesitate to shoot . ''
Mize has lived in their home for 45 years .
`` It 's a shame , '' Mize said . `` Spokane used to be such an overgrown farm town . And I loved that . And it 's not that anymore . ''
Them bullet hit the wood above the busted door frame .
`` I 'm glad I did n't hit him , '' they said .
The man advanced into the living room , where they collapsed on a sofa without uttering a word .
`` So I waited a second and I said , 'Did I hit you ? ' because I had no idea , '' Mize said . `` He did n't move , they did n't say anything . ''
Keeping the gun aimed at him , Mize inched their way along their living room wall to a phone and dialed 911 .
`` I told them , ' I have an intruder , I 'm armed , and I have discharged my gun , ' ? '' Mize said .
Within minutes , police surrounded their home . The officers on their porch told them to put down their gun , so they set it on top of an antique sewing machine they use as a TV stand .
That 's when the man tried to flee through the back door , Mize said . A police dog was there to greet him .
The man ran back into the home and police quickly followed . Mize said they watched as about five officers wrestled the man to the living room floor and the dog bit them on the leg .
`` He was very strong , '' said Mize , a quilting and beading enthusiast who stands 5 feet 1 inch tall . `` I 'm really glad they did n't challenge me , because I would have had to actually shoot him . ''
Police identified the intruder as 35-year-old Sean Denny . They are jailed for investigation of burglary .
Denny has no felony criminal history but has 19 misdemeanor convictions , including violations of protection orders , Spokane County Superior Court Judge James Triplett said during Denny 's court appearance Wednesday afternoon .
Lt. Dean Sprague said there is no indication Denny had a weapon , but they were obviously threatening .
`` In this case , this guy was at least half their age and twice their size , '' they said .
Mize said they are n't even sure they could fire their weapon , because they are n't wearing their usual braces for arthritic hands . They commented to police officers that their ammo was likely older than they are .
Police said Mize acted perfectly , and gave them the junior police badge . Neighbors yelled `` Yay , Sandy ! '' to people in front of their home Wednesday morning .
`` She 's a little lady , and she 's soft-spoken , and she 's got a great laugh , '' neighbor and longtime friend Brooke Plastino said . `` But I would n't want to cross her , frankly . ''
0 JSO : Body believed to be missing Jacksonville woman found ; coworker arrested
PHOTO GALLERY : Memorial quickly growing at site where body found
A body believed to be the remains of missing Jacksonville woman Savannah Gold were found late Saturday , the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office said .
The body was found in a pond off Club Duclay Road — near Blanding Blvd . — in west Jacksonville .
Gold 's coworker at Bonefish Grill , manager Lee Rodarte , 28 , became a suspect after discrepancies were found in their story , JSO said .
Traffic tickets issued to Rodarte in 2006 show that they once lived on the same street where the body was found .
Rodarte appeared in court Sunday after being booked on charges including murder and tampering with evidence . A judge said they are being held without bond on the murder charge .
Judge ordered Rodarte be held without bond on the murder charge . He 's also accused of tampering with evidence in Savannah Gold 's death pic.twitter.com/PrALgdTb3r — Brittney Donovan ( @ brittneydonovan ) August 6 , 2017
Lee Rodarte , suspect in Savannah Gold 's murder , just had their first appearance in # Jacksonville pic.twitter.com/YYNHf83eBE — Brittney Donovan ( @ brittneydonovan ) August 6 , 2017
RAW INTERVIEW : Gold 's father , friend make emotional plea
JSO said Gold got into Rodarte 's car in the parking lot of the restaurant on Wednesday evening before their shift .
They apparently had a fight . The two had an off-and-on relationship , JSO said .
A struggle ensued , JSO said , and Rodarte appeared to take an object and slash the tire of Gold 's car . After a few minutes , they drove away in their own car , JSO said .
Confirmed Lee Rodarte will make their first court appearance this afternoon . He 's charged with murder and evidence tampering . @ ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/qaDj9HfJfy — Christy Turner ( @ ChristyANJax ) August 6 , 2017
Rodarte was arrested at the Mandarin restaurant located just off I-295 on Saturday night .
According to JSO , Rodarte admitted to killing Gold and disposing of their body in the pond at the end of Club Duclay Road .
Rodarte led police to the body , JSO said . An autopsy is pending to confirm the remains are that of Gold and to determine cause of death .
JSO said video surveillance showed a possible struggle inside Rodarte 's car . On the video , JSO said , Rodarte could be seen walking to Gold 's car , opening a door and looking inside .
JSO said Rodarte returned to their car and drove off at 6:04 p.m. Gold was never seen exiting the car , JSO said .
The company that owns Bonefish Grill released a statement Sunday :
`` We are deeply saddened by the loss of Savannah and will miss the joy and happiness they brought to work every day . Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with family and friends during this difficult time , including the people they worked with here at Bonefish Grill . ''
The restaurant put a sign on their door Sunday that said they were closed .
Gold was quickly reported missing Wednesday after they did n't show up for their shift at Bonefish Grill on San Jose Boulevard .
About 30 minutes after Gold was supposed to be at work , their father Daniel said they got a text from Gold 's phone . It had misspelled words and said they were running away with a great guy they met and would call them later .
That was the moment Gold 's parents said they knew something was wrong .
“ He showed it to me and I immediately knew that it was n't her , '' Sharon Gold said . `` We text each other all day and every day … and this was not from my daughter . It was from someone else . ''
Gold 's aunt created a GoFundMe account Sunday to raise money for funeral expenses .
UPDATES ON THIS STORY : Get the free Action News Jax app
FACEBOOK LIVE : JSO 's Steve Gallaher announces discovery of body :
Gold 's coworker was arrested after they admitted to killing them and dumping their body in a pond several miles away https : //t.co/XgDmERaoPw — Brittney Donovan ( @ brittneydonovan ) August 6 , 2017
© 2019 Cox Media Group .
Lots of recriminations are already descending on Republicans in Congress for agreeing to a spending extension last night , won by wide margins in both the House and the Senate by the participation of Democrats to avert a government shutdown . The continuing resolution kicks the can down the road until December 11th , when most of the Beltway will be focused on the upcoming holidays :
Just hours before a midnight deadline , a bitterly divided Congress approved a stopgap spending bill Wednesday to keep the federal government open — but with no assurance there wo n't be yet another shutdown showdown in December . Democrats helped beleaguered House Republican leaders pass the measure by 277-151 — a lopsided vote shrouding deep disagreements within the GOP — after the Senate approved it by a 78-20 tally earlier in the day . The votes sent the bill to President Barack Obama for their signature . Approval of such stopgap measures used to be routine , but debate this year exposed acrimonious divisions between pragmatic Republicans such as House Speaker John Boehner and more junior lawmakers in the party 's tea party wing who are less inclined to compromise .
I 'm actually surprised that Democrats went for the CR , especially in the Senate . I expected Harry Reid to force Mitch McConnell to round up enough Republicans to pass it , and then blame the GOP when it failed . Perhaps Reid worried that the press would not be cynical enough to back them up on that analysis . Oh ye of little faith …
One can understand why Republicans wanted this can kick now , particularly in the House , as frustrating as it is . Boehner 's resignation has just kicked off a big leadership fight , which will already generate enough bad press about the GOP . A shutdown in the middle of a leadership fight would make the GOP look even more in disarray than it already is , with fractured responses to the inevitable public-monument closures and sad-panda coverage of federal workers who would have their back pay all but guaranteed anyway . It may not be satisfying , but in this case discretion probably is the better part of valor .
Besides , the spending fights did n't get jettisoned ; they just got postponed for two months . Most of the recent focus has been on federal funding for Planned Parenthood , but the real fight will likely be for the spending caps in the 2011 Budget Control Act . Republicans want an end to cuts in defense spending , and Barack Obama and the Democrats want to remove BCA-sequestration controls on entitlement spending . A fight is coming soon enough , and McClatchy 's William Douglas previews it :
Even before lawmakers passed Wednesday 's continuing resolution , all sides were bracing for the new budget fight . Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nev. , indicated that Democrats wo n't surrender ground on sequestration . Senate Democrats already are playing hardball by filibustering spending bills in attempts to pressure Republicans to renegotiate lifting the budget caps that began in 2013 as part of the 2011 Budget Control Act . “ Lifting the sequester has been one of my top priorities for years , ” Reid said on the Senate floor Wednesday . “ I hope we can finally achieve this key Democratic goal. ” Republicans have voiced support for lifting sequester caps as well . But while Democrats have focused their attention on lifting them for more spending , most Republicans are interested in boosting the defense budget . “ We have to , ” said Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee . “ The outgoing chief of staff of the United States Army said that we can no longer defend the nation adequately . That should be sufficient to most members of Congress. ” Hawkish Republicans who oppose increasing domestic spending could balk at easing sequestration , knowing that they can boost the Pentagon 's budget by circumventing the mandatory spending caps .
In two months , this will be the real battle over the budget . Conservatives now fighting over Planned Parenthood funding should take note of this , especially since the only real way to end Planned Parenthood funding is to have a President who will sign a budget without it . The easy way out of the BCA fight would be to hike spending in both entitlements and defense , and unless they hold Republican leadership 's collective feet to the fire , that may be the end result . That would set a new baseline for spending that will be difficult to walk back , even with Congress and the White House under Republican control in 2017 .
Freethinkers of Ventura County
[ Go to Contents ] [ Return Home ]
2000 ATHEIST CAROLS
It Came Upon a Midnight Clear
O Come , All Ye Faithful
There Is No Hell
Silent Night
Solstice Tribute
Away With the Danger
Harken to the Songs We Sing
Joy to the World
O Come , O Come and Listen As We Tell
O Christmas Tree
The World of Richard Dawkins
IT CAME UPON A MIDNIGHT CLEAR
It came upon a midnight clear , a thought so incredibly bold .
I realized I 'd been taken in by all that I had been told .
I looked at all the religious strife , the conflicts in every land ;
And suddenly , it was clear to me that God was made by Man .
For only Man could make a god as cruel and vindictive as he ;
And if you doubt what I 'm saying here , just read the Bible and see .
This god of mercy , this god of love is childish and vengeful and cruel .
They act a lot like a kid I knew , the bully in my old school .
The Bible , hardly the word of god , was written by mortal hand .
It 's filled with fables , with myth and lies to comfort primitive man .
Peace on the earth will never come until we take a stand :
Quit praising gods that do n't exist , and help our fellow man .
Copyright 1997 , by Jerry Phillips
[ Return to Contents ]
O COME , ALL YE FAITHFUL
O Come , all ye faithful , sinful and despondent .
O Come ye , O Come ye FROM Bethlehem .
Come to your senses , Christ is but a fable .
O Come , let us ignore him .
O Come , let us ignore him .
O Come , let us ignore him , Christ the lord .
Sing , choirs of humans . Sing in exultation .
Sing , all ye citizens of earth , here and now .
Glory to Man , to Nature ever bountiful .
O Come , let us ignore him .
O Come , let us ignore him .
O Come , let us ignore him , Christ the lord .
Reason , we greet thee , born this happy morning ;
Born of the powers in the mind of Man .
End superstition , all that 's metaphysical .
O Come , let us ignore him .
O Come , let us ignore him .
O Come , let us ignore him , Christ the lord .
Copyright 1997 , by Jerry Phillips
[ Return to Contents ]
THERE IS NO HELL
( To the tune of 'The First Noel ' )
There is No Hell , No Judgment Day ;
No matter what some Fundamentalists say .
No Firey Pit , No Suffering , No Blame ,
No one to Condemn and Consign you to Flame .
No Hell , No Hell , No Hell , No Hell .
Sing and be Joyful , there is No Hell .
There is no Sin , No Adam and Eve ,
No Serpent that talks , as we 're taught to believe .
No Fall , No Cain , No Ark , No Flood ,
No Savior to save us , when washed in their Blood .
No Hell , No Hell , No Hell , No Hell .
Sing and be Joyful , there is No Hell .
There is no Creed , No Religion that 's True .
And it 's time for believing in Me and in You .
We 're all we have.With death it all ends .
Ca n't we all work together and try to be Friends ?
No Hell , No Hell , No Hell , No Hell .
Sing and be Joyful , there is No Hell .
Copyright 1997 , by Jerry Phillips
[ Return to Contents ]
SILENT NIGHT
Silent night , filled with light .
All is calm , all is bright .
Man , the infant motherless child ,
Wrapped in Nature , sweet and wild .
Sleep in comfort and peace .
Sleep in comfort and peace .
Silent night , star so bright ,
Wish I may , wish I might
Give to all , especially Youth ,
Love of Reason , Love of Truth ,
That the world may have peace .
That the world may have peace .
Silent night , endless night .
All Mankind -- -end the fight .
Stop the hatred and bigotry , too .
Take my hand as I reach for you .
Brothers , living in peace .
Brothers , living in peace .
Copyright 1997 , by Jerry Phillips
[ Return to Contents ]
SOLSTICE TRIBUTE
( O , Little Town of Bethlehem )
by Dan Barker
O , shining star of solstice time ,
Your radiant hours are few .
You turn and strike the New Year 's chime .
We owe our lives to you .
These darkest days of winter ,
We miss your warming rays ;
But every year this hemisphere
Returns to brighter days .
Since olden days the human race
Has feared your warmth would die .
The evergreen is ever seen
As hope we will survive .
O , ancient drums , stop beating ,
And superstitions fall !
It 's time for Reason 's Greetings ,
For peace , goodwill to all .
Copyright 1987 , by Dan Barker
[ Return to Contents ]
AWAY WITH THE DANGER
( Away in a Manger )
Away with the dangerous lies we 've been told ,
Of deities , virgins , and streets paved with gold .
Beliefs are the products of primitive minds .
Try asking some questions ; and answers you 'll find .
The answers you find may upset you at first ;
But you ca n't ignore them . For knowledge , you thirst .
Although it 's more painful , it 's better to know
That the Bible ca n't help you -- it just is n't so .
So , where do you turn when you 're lost and confused ?
Look into your own mind . It 's time it was used .
Responsible people have always known ,
To be strong in this world you must stand on your own .
You 're better off knowing just where you stand .
The promise of heaven is built upon sand .
There is no tomorrow , so live for today ;
And help all your brothers you meet on the way .
Copyright 1997 , by Jerry Phillips
[ Return to Contents ]
HARKEN TO THE SONGS WE SING
( Hark , the Herald Angels Sing )
Harken to the songs we sing .
Joy and hope and love we bring .
Peace on earth to every child .
Man and Nature reconciled .
Joyful , all ye nations rise .
Join the triumph over lies .
All together , now proclaim :
We are one , and all the same .
Harken to the songs we sing .
Joy and hope and love we bring .
Put aside your tribal ways .
Sing , no more , your hymns of praise .
There is nothing more divine than
Man and Nature , intertwined .
Look to science , look to reason ;
End this supernatural season .
Stop believing mindless things .
Stop living life as underlings .
Harken to the songs we sing .
Joy and hope and love we bring .
Look around and you will see
Pain and human misery .
Wasted time you ca n't afford ;
Kindness is its own reward .
All religion is a cancer .
Humanism is the answer .
Life is brief , but if you can ,
Pause to help your fellow man .
Harken to the songs we sing .
Joy and hope and love we bring .
Copyright 1997 , by Jerry Phillips
[ Return to Contents ]
JOY TO THE WORLD
Joy to the world , Bill Nye is come .
Let earth receive them king .
Let every mind prepare them room ,
And science and nature sing ,
And science and nature sing ,
And science , and science and nature sing .
Joy to the world , the S. guy reigns .
Let men their songs employ .
While fields and floods ,
Rock , hills , and plains
Repeat the sounding joy ,
Repeat the sounding joy ,
Repeat , repeat the sounding joy .
No more let faith and ignorance flow
From dogmas all around .
They come to make our intellects grow ,
Far as the curse is found ,
Far as the curse is found ,
Far as , far as the curse is found .
They rule the world with truth and fact ,
And quite a gift of gab ,
The glories of their scientific knowledge ,
And wonders of their lab ,
And wonders of their lab ,
And wonders , and wonders of their lab .
Joy to the world , Bill Nye is come .
Let earth receive them king .
Let every mind prepare them room ,
And science and nature sing ,
And science and nature sing ,
And science , and science and nature sing .
Copyright 1997 , by Jerry Phillips
[ Return to Contents ]
O COME , O COME AND LISTEN AS WE TELL
( O Come , O Come Emmanuel )
O come , O come and listen as we tell ,
How man invented God and Heav'n and Hell ;
How superstition , born of their fear ,
Still plagues us in this current year .
Rejoice , Rejoice , It 's time to now dispel
The myths and fables that we know so well .
The world was not created in six days ,
And man was never conjured up from clays .
Creation is the priesthood 's pact ,
While evolution is accepted fact .
Rejoice , Rejoice , It 's time that people knew
Conflicting tales in Genesis wo n't do .
That hateful myth of Adam and of Eve
Gave woman cause through history to grieve .
Until that wicked lie had its birth ,
The mother goddess ruled the earth .
Rejoice , Rejoice , reclaim your rightful place .
No longer be a subjugated race .
The world was ne'er consumed by global flood .
The chimp 's our nearest relative by blood .
The virgin birth and Trinity
Are far too supernatural to be .
Rejoice , Rejoice , It 's time to realize
That Father , Son , and Holy Ghost are lies .
O come , O come and listen as we tell ,
How man invented God and Heav'n and Hell ;
How superstition , born of their fear ,
Still plagues us in this current year .
Rejoice , Rejoice , It 's time to now dispel
The myths and fables that we know so well .
Copyright 1997 , by Jerry Phillips
[ Return to Contents ]
O CHRISTMAS TREE
O Christmas Tree , O Christmas Tree ,
How murderous and wasteful
To end your life so carelessly ,
So thoughtless and distasteful .
We carry on traditions vile ,
To honor Superstition 's child .
O Christmas Tree , I feel for thee ,
How murderous and wasteful .
O Christmas Tree , O Christmas Tree ,
How brittle are thy branches .
It matters not ( a damn ) * to me
You came from farms or ranches .
In parking lots you waste away .
That 's where you spent Thanksgiving Day .
O Christmas Tree , it saddens me ,
How brittle are thy branches .
O Christmas Tree , O Christmas Tree ,
I oftentimes am wond'ring
How beautiful this world could be ,
If Man ceased their squand'ring .
They listen well when `` Profit '' sings ,
With no respect for living things .
How beautiful this world could be ,
I oftentimes am wond'ring .
O Christmas Tree , O Christmas Tree ,
This year it is official :
To show my deep regard for thee ,
I 'm buying `` artificial . ''
I 'll work for change , I promise thee ,
For only Man can save a tree .
Long life to thee , O Christmas Tree ,
I 'm buying `` artificial . ''
* For use with children , ( one bit ) may be substituted for ( a damn ) .
Copyright 1997 , by Jerry Phillips
Author 's Note :
I 've always felt that it 's wrong to cut down a living tree , cover it with gaudy decorations for a few weeks and then throw it away . Perhaps it 's because I grew up in the desert , where trees are rare and deeply appreciated . Others must agree with me , given the growing preference for `` live '' Christmas trees which can later be planted outdoors . Let 's work together to stop the waste . A tree is n't a cornstalk ; it takes a long time to `` grow up . '' Give it a chance to do just that . Thank You .
[ Return to Contents ]
THE WORLD OF RICHARD DAWKINS
( Sung to the tune of : `` God Rest Ye Merry , Gentlemen '' )
The World of Richard Dawkins
Is a place where you will find
A scientific plethora
To stimulate your mind .
Expand your intellectual side ;
Leave ignorance behind .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth ,
Knowledge and truth .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth .
They came from out of Africa ,
As did we all , it seems .
Their work has made the world aware
That we have selfish genes ;
And thoughts that we hold sacred
May turn out to be just memes .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth ,
Knowledge and truth .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth .
A meme by definition
Is a virus of the mind .
The Bible is a favorite source
For stories of this kind ,
Which glorify a watchmaker who
Turns out to be blind .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth ,
Knowledge and truth .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth .
The phenotype extended
Is a novel point of view .
It shows us what our genes affect
Beyond just me and you .
The world at large responds
To what our DNA can do .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth ,
Knowledge and truth .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth .
The river out of Eden
Flows along the banks of time .
It carries information
Down a long , unbroken line .
It 's possible your DNA
May someday mix with mine .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth ,
Knowledge and truth .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth .
In climbing Mt . Improbable
Your chances may look bleak .
Perhaps around the backside
Is the very thing you seek --
A gradual slope that leads you
Ever onward to the peak .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth ,
Knowledge and truth .
O , tidings of knowledge and truth .
21 SHARES Share Tweet
China 's first microprocessor may soon find it 's way into routers and servers , competing with the current day Intel and ARM architecture .
Currently , the computer and mobile market is dominated by two architectures for their processors : Intel-architecture and ARM-architecture . Now , the Chinese BLX IC Design Corporation , a public private partnership with the Chinese Academy of Sciences , is about to unveil a third contender , based on their own design . Early next year , a chip in their line of Loongson processors will be unveiled , which is meant to drive computers , servers and even super computers .
Loongson chip
BLX IC Design Corporation 's latest chip is the Godson-3B1500 , released in 2011 and which is said to have twice as many transistors and being 35 % more power efficient than previous models . These older chips have already been used however , to create china 's first home-built super computer .
The chip due to be revealed next year will be a 32nm chip , which still falls behind Intel 's newest 22nm size . In addition , the processor chip will be incompatible with Windows , meaning it will lose a large potential market . However , the chip is cheap to produce , and that means it could be used to promote internet centric computing in developing nations , where the costs of setting up servers prohibit the development of online and cloud-based infrastructure .
Leading Turkish business person Mustafa Koç dies of heart attack aged 55
ISTANBUL
REUTERS photo
Born in 1960 , Koç was educated at the Lyceum Alpinum Zuoz in Switzerland and graduated from George Washington University in 1984 . As a third-generation member of the Koç family , they were appointed president of Koç Holding in 2003 , replacing their retired father , Rahmi Koç . Koç was the head of the High Advisory Council of Turkey 's top business organization , TÜSİAD , between 2005 and 2010 . They were also the honorary president of the High Advisory Board of TÜSİAD and a member of the Foreign Economic Relations Board ( DEİK ) .
Mustafa Koç , the chairperson of Turkey 's largest conglomerate , died of a heart attack on Jan. 21 , the Vehbi Koç Foundation American Hospital in Istanbul has announced.He had been brought to Istanbul 's Beykoz State Hospital on the morning of Jan. 21.Koç was later transferred to the Vehbi Koç Foundation American Hospital ( Amerikan Hastanesi ) , which their family owns , by helicopter.The Beykoz State Hospital had said Koç suffered a heart attack while exercising . First aid was provided by their bodyguard and exercise coach and they had been resuscitated at the hospital , it added.Mustafa Koç recently underwent weight loss surgery , and also had a history of heart problems . They underwent heart surgery in 2002 , when three veins leading to their heart were opened with stents . The condition was noticed during a medical examination in the United States.Koç Holding expressed “ deep sorrow ” on its Twitter account , sending its condolences while also noting that its chairperson lost their lives despite all medical efforts.President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has also reportedly called Rahmi Koç and Ali Koç to offer their condolences to the family.Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu also offered their condolences to the Koç family , saying the death was a “ huge loss. ” President Erdoğan had hosted Mustafa Koç and Ali Koç at the presidential palace in Ankara on Jan. 20 , according to presidential sources.Koç was planning on the afternoon of Jan. 21 to fly to Zurich and Davos , where they were due to speak at the HeForShe event calling for gender equality.Koç Holding said in a statement that funeral prayers for Koç would be performed at Marmara University 's Tatbikat Mosque on Jan. 24 and that they would be laid to rest in the family grave at Zincirlikuyu Cemetery.It also added that condolences would be accepted at Divan Hotel in Istanbul 's Taksim neighborhood for a week between 4 p.m. and 7 p.m.During their term , a number of Koç businesses posted very high growth levels and became much more global.Koç Holding has been the only Turkish business group on the Fortune 500 Global List . According to the latest data from the Istanbul Chamber of Industry , there are five Koç companies in Turkey 's largest industry companies . Koç Holding owns Turkey 's oil refinery , Tüpraş , two major automotive producers in metal , Tofaş and Ford Otosan , home appliance maker Arçelik and LPG for cars and bottled gas retailer Aygaz on the İSO 's latest annual list . The group also owns Yapı Kredi Bank , fuel distribution company Opet and defense maker Otokar , among others.Turkish energy giant Tüpraş was also named the country 's export champion in 2014 , while its partnered foreign carmakers dominated the top 10 list of leading exporters , according to a survey by the Turkish Exporters ' Assembly ( TİM ) .On the top ten list , carmaker Ford , a joint venture of Ford and Koç Holding , followed Tüpraş . Arçelik was in the sixth spot , followed by Italian automotive giant Fiat 's local partner with Koç Holding , Tofaş.Koç Holding made around 45 percent of Turkey 's car production and 43 percent of the country 's total car exports . Its share in the country 's total exports is around 10 percent . Koç Holding companies account for 18 percent of the total market capitalization of the Istanbul stock exchange.Koç has had , at times , an uneasy relationship with the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) , founded by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan . Recently , there had been signs of reconciliation , however , and the two met in Ankara on Jan. 20 , hours before Koç died.A major public tension between Koç and the AKP government emerged in 2013 during the Gezi Park protests . In one incident during the month-long anti-government demonstrations , protesters attempted to escape police tear gas and pepper spray by taking refuge in an Istanbul hotel , the Divan , owned by Koç . Hotel management admitted the protesters into its lobby , which quickly turned into a makeshift first aid room . A few days later , an angry Erdoğan said in a public rally , “ We know which hotel owners helped the terrorists [ protesters ] . It is a crime to abet terrorists . And those crimes will not remain unpunished. ” Shortly after Erdoğan 's speech , tax police raided Koç 's refinery subsidiary , Tüpraş . Officials said it was a regular inspection . But in September 2013 , the government 's executive committee that oversees defense procurement scrapped a $ 2 billion deal with Koç 's shipyards , RMK Marine , starting a new competition.The Koç family chose to remain silent at the time . After a year after these developments , Mustafa Koç gave the following response in an exclusive interview with daily Hürriyet in March 2014 : “ We opted not to respond even though we were attacked a lot during and after Gezi . Fighting with our state does not suit us . Well , of course , we have brought our reputation to its current level in 90 years and we will not allow anybody to trample it . For this reason , we will defend our legal rights until the end against all false stories . ”
It seems like you can buy anything on Amazon . But there are actually a large number of products that the company does n't allow in its online store .
Amazon ( AMZN ) has a list of 32 banned or restricted categories of merchandise , each with its own laundry list of specific items that ca n't be sold .
Many of the products that Amazon bans are illegal in many or all states . Think gun silencers , drugs and stolen goods . Others pose safety concerns , such as refrigerants , black powder , gasoline and snap caps . And other products serve dubious purposes , including cell phone jammers , drug paraphernalia and wiretapping equipment .
Some products tread a thin line that Amazon monitors closely . For example , alcoholic beverages can be sold -- but only by pre-approved sellers . Some lasers are allowed , but Amazon limits who can sell laser pointers on its site out of concern for customers ' safety .
And some of the banned products are outright obscure . Sable antelopes , human body parts and media featuring pornstar Traci Lords created prior to May 7 , 1986 are also prohibited .
Notably , Amazon also bans `` offensive products , '' which include `` products that promote or glorify hatred , violence , racial , sexual or religious intolerance or promote organizations with such views . ''
On Tuesday , Amazon followed other major retailers , including Wal-Mart ( WMT ) and Sears ( SHLD ) , in banning sales of the Confederate flag . Google ( GOOG ) also announced it is removing the flag from its ads and Google Shopping . The Confederate flag has once again become toxic in the aftermath of a shooting last week at a historic black church in Charleston , South Carolina .
Amazon had more than 29,000 listings for Confederate flags , posters , knives and other memorabilia .
On its website , the company says that it `` reserves the right to determine the appropriateness of listings on its site , and remove any listing at any time . '' Amazon also says it encourages customers to report listings that violate Amazon 's policies
`` We will investigate each report thoroughly and take any appropriate actions , '' the company said .
Despite Amazon 's policies , banned items continually slip through . For instance , Amazon has had something of an on-again / off-again Nazi problem over the past several years . Though the company has banned Nazi flags , swastikas and other symbols , items keep popping up on the store .
As of the publication of this story , customers could still purchase swastika pendants , Nazi eagle emblazoned knives , SS armbands , swastika rings and Nazi propaganda signs .
Part of the problem is that the majority of items sold on Amazon are posted and delivered by third-party resellers , not by Amazon itself . The company uses a combination of computer algorithms , monitors and customer reports to stop banned items before they 're listed . But some still get through the gates undetected .
`` We work hard on this issue every day because we know that our customers trust that they are buying safe and legal products when they shop on Amazon.com , '' the company said .
-- MJ Lee contributed to this report .
With the New Democratic Party 's election prospects as healthy as they 've ever been and party leader Thomas Mulcair 's approval ratings galloping out ahead of the tight three-way race , one thing could dramatically upset things on the long and perilous road between now and Oct. 19 . The left in Canada might just sabotage itself . These things happen , with weird regularity .
In the United States , where there has been no serious left-wing presidential contender since George McGovern ran against Richard Nixon in 1972 , “ democratic socialist ” Bernie Sanders has rapidly risen to a second-place challenge to front-runner Hillary Clinton . But last weekend , the Sanders campaign was knocked off-message by internecine shouting matches about whether the Vermont senator 's militant economic justice platform should be taken back to the drawing board to be redesigned in such a way as to place “ white supremacy ” as its key focus .
In Britain , two months ago , Prime Minister David Cameron 's ruling Conservatives emerged from a coalition with the Liberal Democrats to form the first majority government since John Major 's re-election in 1992 . The Labour party 's lousy choice of Ed Miliband to take on Cameron was just a prelude to the self-disembowelment Labour 's rank-and-file appears to be committing . Leading leadership candidate Jeremy Corbyn is so amusing to Conservatives that they claim to be taking out Labour memberships in droves just to vote for him .
The Greek crisis has sent shudders through the radical margins across Europe , bringing together leftist anti-austerity voices in a chorus with gruesome nationalists . The slogans out of Spain 's radical-left Podemos party are becoming nearly indistinguishable from the hollerings of Marine Le Pen , leader of the French hard-right National Front . It seems only yesterday that New Democrats were entertaining utopian convention resolutions about Venezuela , but as that socialist paradise has degenerated into a barely functioning police state , even Desmond Tutu is publicly expressing disgust about what has become of that model .
All this leaves Mulcair 's New Democrats looking comparatively sensible and sober . It helps as well as hinders the NDP that the party has never held power federally . It has helped a great deal that the reliance of the NDP caucus on sovereigntist constituencies in Quebec — home to 54 of the NDP 's 95 MPs — has come into sharper focus .
The NDP 's Sherbrooke Declaration ( a future Quebec referendum that produces at least 50 per cent means a majority that 's clear enough for separation talks to begin ) was a holdover from the past even when the resolution was adopted in 2005 , and it 's going to sting , if Justin Trudeau has anything to do with it . Mulcair 's team is going to have to keep these ghosts of the NDP 's 1970s era locked in their crypts .
It 's plain luck that the NDP has n't been embarrassed by any major eruptions from the party 's “ socialist caucus ” lately .
In 2013 , the caucus made a scene at the convention in Montreal , carrying banners protesting U.S. President Barack Obama 's drone wars in Pakistan , arguing against the inclusion of U.S. Democratic Party speakers on the conference agenda and protesting the amendment to the party constitution that removed any explicit reference to the NDP as a socialist party .
Unlike the United States , the left in Canada has not been quite so preoccupied with all the safe-space , trigger-warning , rape-culture , slut-shaming , micro-aggression , identity-politics and privilege-checking obsessions that have taken up all the space where a broadly based , “ progressive ” political activism might otherwise be . This is to the NDP 's organizational and electoral advantage , as long as campaigners keep all that at a low simmer and deny the Conservatives the opportunity to poke fun .
But it is n't to the NDP 's advantage that the caucus is dominated by fresh-faced rubes . The more-seasoned Liberal MPs and even the Liberals ' novice candidates will want to toy with them when the real fighting starts .
It 's a long road to Oct. 19 . Anything can happen .
Terry Glavin is an author and journalist .
Macy 's is harnessing artificial intelligence from IBM 's Watson supercomputer for an in-store shopping assistant .
The ‘ Macy 's on Call ' shopping assistant is designed to help shoppers as they shop and navigate through Macy 's stores .
Accessed via a mobile browser , shoppers can enter questions about products , services and facilities in natural language and Macy 's on Call will provide answers , such as details on the where specific items and services are located .
Developed with IBM Watson partner , Satisfi , the initial Macy 's on Call is being piloted at 10 Macy 's stores across the U.S. A Spanish language feature is also incorporated into the service .
“ The retail industry has been among the earliest adopters of cognitive computing – and we truly believe that Macy 's On Call will transform the shopping experience for today 's consumers by providing them with real-time information as they navigate their local Macy 's store , ” said IBM Watson Platform Manager Jonas Nwuke , in a statement emailed to FoxNews.com . “ At the same time , by tapping into Watson 's APIs for the pilot , Macy 's will gain better insight into customer behaviors , helping drive future product and service offerings . ”
Watson , which is famous for its appearance on the quiz show “ Jeopardy , ” is at the heart of IBM 's efforts to expand its technology 's reach across multiple industries . The supercomputer was recently used by fashion house Marchesa to develop a “ cognitive dress ” that made its debut at the Met Gala .
The supercomputer is also at the core of a new partnership between the tech giant and Under Armour . As part of a deal announced at CES earlier this year , Watson will power what IBM and Under Armour are touting as “ the world 's first complete health and fitness insights app . ”
The supercomputer 's ability to trawl vast troves of data has also been targeted at the healthcare sector via partnerships with insurance firm WellPoint and New York 's famous Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Care Center . In 2014 IBM announced an investment of more than $ 1 billion in its Watson Group in an attempt to boost development of cloud-based applications and services . IBM has also enhanced Watson in an attempt to speed up the pace of scientific breakthroughs .
Boston Children 's Hospital is also harnessing IBM 's Watson supercomputer to help doctors identify possible options for the diagnosis and treatment of rare pediatric diseases . Earlier this year Hilton Worldwide teamed up with IBM to pilot “ Connie , ” a robot hotel concierge powered by the Watson supercomputer . And Watson is being used to help U.S. military personnel make the transition back to civilian life .
In the retail space , The North Face and 1-800-Flowers are tapping into Watson for online shopping systems .
Follow James Rogers on Twitter @ jamesjrogers
SEOUL/WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Three American citizens detained in North Korea appealed to the U.S government on Monday for help returning home , speaking in rare interviews with U.S. media that were set up by the North Korean government and may signal an attempt by Pyongyang to reopen a long-stalled dialogue .
Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American Christian missionary who has been detained in North Korea for more than a year , appears before a limited number of media outlets in Pyongyang in this undated photo released by North Korea 's Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) on January 20 , 2014 . REUTERS/KCNA
The three men , one serving a 15-year sentence and two awaiting trial in the isolated country , spoke to CNN and the Associated Press in tightly controlled circumstances . One of them said their health was failing and another described their situation as “ urgent . ”
The men said they were being treated humanely but asked the U.S. government to get more actively involved in helping resolve their situation .
Responding to the interviews , the U.S. government urged Pyongyang to release the men , and said Washington was working to try to secure their return home .
“ Out of humanitarian concern for Jeffrey Fowle , Matthew Miller , and their families , we request the DPRK release them so they may return home , ” State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said in a statement , using the formal acronym for North Korea , and referring to the two men awaiting trial .
“ We also request the DPRK pardon Kenneth Bae and grant them special amnesty and immediate release so they may reunite with their family and seek medical care , ” they added .
Bae , a Christian missionary and tour operator who was arrested 18 months ago and has been sentenced to hard labor , told CNN they had spent the time “ going back and forth ” between a hospital and a labor camp . “ I ask the U.S. government and people out there to really put in effort to send somebody , to make it work , ” Bae said .
The White House also said it was doing everything it could to secure the release of the three , but did not say if the men 's ' appeal might change Washington 's approach .
‘ STRATEGIC PATIENCE '
The choreographed staging of the interviews suggests that North Korea may be looking for a way to reopen a long-stalled dialogue with Washington , possibly through the dispatch of a high-level U.S. envoy to Pyongyang .
But the Obama administration is likely to tread carefully , mindful that Pyongyang has previously tried to use American prisoners as bargaining chips in talks with Washington . The White House has insisted on the prisoners ' release with no strings attached and says other issues , such as North Korea 's disputed nuclear program , remain separate .
U.S. officials have made clear in recent years they do not want to return to a cycle in which North Korea sparks crises that are resolved only with transactional deals . They have privately described the U.S. policy as one of “ strategic patience , ” which seeks to isolate North Korea and does not offer diplomatic or economic rewards for its provocations .
Complicating the U.S. approach to North Korea is what is widely believed to be limited intelligence on the country 's young leader , Kim Jong-un , and the opaque workings of Pyongyang 's ruling elite .
“ We do n't know much about him . I used to negotiate with the old regime , with their father 's regime , you knew more or less what they wanted . But with this new guy , he 's so unpredictable , you do n't know where the levers of power are , ” said Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who has traveled to North Korea in the past to help retrieve detained Americans .
“ But it is a good sign that they structured this interview with your reporter to send these very clear messages . So I think there 's a little light at the end of the tunnel , ” Richardson told CNN .
The State Department has in the past planned to send a special envoy to Pyongyang to try to negotiate a release of Bae , insisting that the nuclear negotiations and the human rights negotiations over Bae 's jailing were unrelated .
North Korea has several times canceled visits by Robert King , the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , to discuss Bae 's case . Lacking diplomatic ties with North Korea , Washington communicates with the detained men through the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang .
TIGHTLY CONTROLLED APPEARANCES
The interviews broadcast on Monday were highly controlled , with both AP and CNN reporting that interviews were watched by North Korean officials .
CNN reporter Will Ripley said North Korean authorities ferried their crew - in Pyongyang to cover a wrestling match organized by a Japanese politician - to a hotel , disclosing who it would be interviewing at the last moment .
They said the officials told the crew that each interview would be conducted separately , would last five minutes and address limited topics , including any message the men might have for their families or the U.S. government .
The AP reported the detainees appeared to speak freely but cautiously . They told the news agency they did not know they were going to be interviewed until immediately beforehand .
In their interview , Bae said their health was failing and they were working eight hours a day , six days a week . Sentenced on charges of attempting to bring down the state , they told CNN they were the only inmate at a prison camp staffed by more than 20 officials , including a doctor .
“ We have always been concerned about their health , as it was clear that their severe back problems were once again hurting them as they tried to sit up for the interview , ” Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , said in a statement .
“ My family sincerely appreciates the efforts put forth on behalf of my brother . The time is now — respectfully — to step up every diplomatic effort to release Kenneth , a U.S. citizen . ”
Miller and Fowle , who were arrested this year while on tourist visits , said they were being treated well as they awaited trial .
“ My situation is very urgent , ” said Miller , 24 , from Bakersfield , California , who was arrested in April when they ripped up their tourist visa on entry to North Korea and said they were seeking asylum , state media said at the time .
“ Very soon I am going to trial , and I ( will ) directly be sent to prison , ” Miller said . They declined comment on why they wanted to seek asylum in North Korea .
Fowle , a middle-aged man from Miamisburg , Ohio , said they were being treated well : “ I hope and pray that it continues , while I 'm here , two more days or two more decades. ” They were arrested in May after they left a Bible under a bin in the toilet of a sailor 's club in the northeastern city of Chongjin .
Toke TV 14 : 58 % of U.S . Wants Legal Weed ! WA Screws Patients ! Stoned Driving Epidemic Is Hype !
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail The 14th episode of Toke Signals TV with host Steve Elliott takes a look at some of the biggest marijuana news stories of the past week .
Find out what you need to know about the week in cannabis/marijuana news , in 36 minutes !
Do n't forget to subscribe to the Toke TV channel on YouTube .
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail
Toke TV Stories of the Week
New Gallup Poll Shows 58 % of Americans Support Making Marijuana Legal
( Hemp News )
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail A Gallup poll released on Tuesday shows 58 percent of voters nationwide “ think the use of marijuana should be made legal. ” Only 39 percent of respondents said they do not . Support increased by eight percentage points since Gallup asked the same question in October 2011 , at which time it found a record-high 50 percent in favor .
The poll is the first conducted by Gallup since voters in Colorado and Washington approved ballot measures making marijuana legal for adults 21 and older and establishing state-regulated systems of marijuana cultivation and sales . It also comes nearly two months after the U.S. Department of Justice announced it would not interfere in the implementation of those state laws and others that effectively regulate marijuana for medical use .
The national poll of 1,028 registered voters was conducted October 3-6 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percent . The full results are available here .
Washington State Agency Proposes Taking Away Medical Marijuana Patient Home Grows , Shutting Down Dispensaries
( Toke Signals )
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail
State Plans To Force Medical Marijuana Patients To Use I-502 Recreational Marijuana Stores
The Washington State Liquor Control Board on Monday proposed new rules that would effectively outlaw medical marijuana dispensaries next year and home growing by patients when recreational marijuana stores start opening as I-502 , approved by voters last November , is implemented in the state .
The work group , which also included representatives of the Department of Health and the Department of Revenue , was formed after state lawmakers ( and law enforcement ) “ raised concerns ” that licensed marijuana stores would n't be able to compete with medical marijuana dispensaries .
Patients are currently allowed 15 plants of any size and 24 ounces of dried marijuana under Washington 's medical marijuana law . The new rules would force patients — many of whom are quite ill and on limited incomes — to stop growing at home or in collectives , and to buy the heavily taxed marijuana which will theoretically be available in state-licensed stores next summer .
Manufacturing A Crisis : Stoned Driving ‘ Epidemic ' ? Please .
( Toke Signals )
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail
It was bound to occur once marijuana legalization started actually happening . The prohibitionists and the drug warriors never go down without a fight ; they always find an angle . This time , as two states — Colorado and Washington — have already legalized ( in a limited way ) recreational cannabis , the new bugaboo is driving while high .
Nobody 's sure how to solve the question of when someone is just too stoned to drive , but that does n't keep plenty of people from offering “ solutions ” to the “ problem ” — which is now graduating from “ just ” a problem , thanks to sensationalist mainstream press coverage , and becoming an “ epidemic ” or even a “ crisis . ”
Welcome to legislation by press hysteria , same as you got in the U.K. a few years ago when tabloid press coverage about “ killer Skunk weed ” which supposedly “ causes psychosis ” resulted in Britain actually backtracking on its own progressive cannabis laws .
D.C. Medical Marijuana Dispensaries Say They Are Losing Money
( Hemp News )
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail
Three months after the District of Columbia 's medical marijuana program became operational , dispensaries in the nation 's capital say they are losing money .
“ All medical marijuana businesses are operating at a loss , ” David Guard , general manager at D.C. dispensary Capital City Care , told Andrea Noble at the Washington Times .
The District 's medical marijuana regulations are among the strictest in the nation , and that is part of the problem . The D.C. program is under close scrutiny because of its proximity to federal lawmakers and agencies .
Florida Attorney General Asks State Supreme Court To Throw Out Medical Marijuana Initiative
( Hemp News )
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi is challenging a proposal to put a ballot measure which would legalize medical marijuana before state voters in the November 2014 general election . Bondi on Thursday sent a petition to the Florida Supreme Court , along with the campaign 's ballot language and petitions .
Atty . Gen. Bondi claims that People United For Medical Marijuana ( PUFMM ) , led by Orlando attorney John Morgan , filed misleading ballot language in describing how widely medical marijuana would be allowed under the measure , reports Scott Powers at the Orlando Sentinel .
Bondi also complained that the ballot language failed to note that even if Florida voters approve the measure , marijuana will still be illegal under federal law .
Uruguay Government Will Sell Legal Marijuana For $ 1 Per Gram
( Hemp News )
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail Uruguay 's government will sell legal marijuana for $ 1 per gram , according to the country 's drug czar , though Julio Calzada has given higher estimates in the past .
A law already approved by Uruguay 's lower house of Congress and expected to pass in the Senate would make it the South American nation the first in the world to tax and regulate the legal production , distribution and sale of cannabis , reports The Associated Press .
Calzada said marijuana sales should start in the second half of 2014 at the price of $ 1 per gram , reported the El Pais newspaper .
Delaware Medical Marijuana Advocates Recommend Revising Dispensary Regulations
( Hemp News )
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail The Marijuana Policy Project has submitted comments recommending revisions to the Delaware Department of Health and Social Services ' proposed medical marijuana compassion center regulations . MPP is particularly concerned that the proposed rules would result in an inadequate supply of medical marijuana by allowing only a single compassion center — instead of the three provided for in the law — and allowing it to grow only 150 plants .
Failing to allow for an appropriate and consistent supply will cause qualifying patients to either have to continue frequenting the criminal market or suffering without a medicine that can improve their quality of life , according to MPP . It will also seriously compromise the financial sustainability of successful compassion center applicants , according to the organization .
Delaware is one of 20 states and the District of Columbia to allow patients to use marijuana to treat certain medical conditions , but development of compassion centers to provide safe access to their medicine was temporarily halted in 2011 . In August , Gov . Jack Markell decided to move forward with implementing a more limited program and tasked the Division of Public Health with setting the rules for compassion center licensing and operation .
Toke TV Must Read of the Week
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail
Up In Smoke : A Timeline of Marijuana in the U.S .
( Toke Signals )
The political discussion regarding decriminalizing marijuana use is centuries old , yet remains a hot-button issue even today . Where did it all start ? Are we heading for a full legalization of marijuana throughout the country ? Let 's explore some of these questions , as well as a quick look at the increase of its use in the U.S .
Toke TV is a joint production
of Toke Signals and Indie Media Weekly
Dallas police said Saturday they have obtained video surveillance as they continue the investigation into the domestic assault complaint against Johnny Manziel .
Police did not specify the nature of the video , but the footage is from the Hotel ZaZa in Dallas , which is where Manziel 's former girlfriend , Colleen Crowley , alleged the assault began , a source familiar with the investigation told ESPN .
The Dallas Police Department released a statement and also held a brief news conference Saturday afternoon to address the investigation .
`` There has been no determination as to what charge , if any , will be filed against Mr. Manziel , '' Maj. Midge Boyle said .
Police said that they have interviewed Crowley and witnesses , but they have not spoken to Manziel .
The Dallas Morning News said police said the investigation could be concluded by the end of next week . WFAA in Dallas reported the case could go to a grand jury .
Boyle said the detective investigating the allegations `` has n't gotten all the facts yet . ''
`` She 's still putting the case together , '' Boyle said . `` It 's been two weeks since this investigation started , and it is high-profile .
`` As soon as we have something pertinent to put out , we will let you know . ''
Crowley 's affidavit seeking a protection order , which was granted , stated that after an argument in Manziel 's hotel room , they led them down a back stairway to the valet .
Crowley stated in the affidavit that they told the valet they were `` scared for my life , '' and the valet responded they did n't know what to do . They stated in the affidavit that Manziel threw them into the passenger seat of their car .
Dallas police have the video of the encounter with the valet along with other surveillance , according to the source .
Dallas police confirmed they have reviewed Crowley 's medical records . They said in their complaint and in the affidavit that they had a ruptured eardrum . Police also said they hope to finish the case as soon as possible .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Anthropological fieldwork is often described in terms that can seem almost heroic . My introduction was a bit more prosaic . It started with a pounding on the door at 5 o'clock in the morning . It was September 1992 , and my wife Maria and I had recently arrived in Santa Ana del Valle , Mexico—a small , agrarian , Zapotec-speaking community of about 2,000 in the state of Oaxaca .
Don Mauro , our patron and sponsor during our year there , was knocking . ( The term don serves as an honorific title meaning “ sir. ” ) They had given us accommodation in a home they had built for their son , who had moved north to the United States in the 1980s . We were just starting to settle in when Don Mauro arrived early that morning and impatiently called for us to join him . We quickly dressed , had coffee , and set off with them for our introduction to village life : a wedding that would be our first lesson in local customs and the many rituals that punctuated life in Santa Ana .
Don Mauro hurried us down the hill and asked us what gift we had for the young couple . We were empty-handed . They detoured into a tienda ( market ) where they directed us to buy a few bottles of mescal and two cartons of American cigarettes . We did as we were told .
The Santa Ana del Valle church in Oaxaca , Mexico , in 1992 , where the author experienced their first Oaxacan wedding ceremony . Jeffrey Cohen
Weddings are a big deal in rural Oaxaca . They require significant expenditures of time and money , with a church ceremony , a civil ceremony , and a party for several hundred guests who expect to be entertained . These events occur over several days , and they are critical to the cooperation and reciprocity that defines social life . Everyone celebrates and contributes gifts—of cash , time , or goods—and each gift , no matter the amount or value , is entered into the newlywed 's guelaguetza ( gift ) book . The book becomes a history of the family 's giving and receiving over time .
As we entered the compound , the guests silently stared at us . Unfazed by the curious crowd , Don Mauro guided us into a large room where we put a few pesos on a table along with our gifts . We had never met the maridos ( the couple being married ) or their families , but there we were . Eventually , taking our cue from the people around us , we made a short speech to everyone in the room and acknowledged the family 's kindness with a few words of praise . We watched as one member of the groom 's family added our names to the gift book . With that gesture , we were intimately connected through the gift—and if we followed local custom , we could expect a returned favor at a later date .
Don Mauro ushered us from room to room . There was a wide table filled with invitados ( guests ) . They included friends and family from around the village who ranged in age from their late teens to their late 60s , all dressed for a party in their very best clothes , hats , shawls , and polished shoes . Among the guests were farmers , artisans , day laborers , and returned migrants . They spoke Spanish and Zapotec and occasionally we heard a little English as returned migrants shared their experiences . The most important guests sat around the main table . On one side were the men . Don Mauro moved to sit in the center . On the other side of the table , the women sat across from their husbands .
Cohen and their wife , Maria , in the Oaxacan village of their early fieldwork in August 1992 . Jeffrey Cohen
Don Mauro offered us a bench at the head of the table . They may not have realized it , but it was the perfect anthropological place . We were sitting alone , not with the men or the women but at the head of the table and separated from everyone else . It made sense : With a few exceptions , no one had met us yet or understood why we were in the village .
As we sat there , smiling and trying to learn a few names , the idea of liminality raced through my mind . Liminal space is an important idea in ethnographic study . The term comes from the Latin word limen ( threshold ) , and it describes those ambiguous spaces that exist as people transition between stages in life . For example , a child goes through a liminal phase as they or they move into adulthood . Sitting at the end of the table , we had entered an early stage of our own transition into the life of Santa Ana—we were not yet friends , but neither were we complete foreigners . Unknown to nearly the entire village , we were related to no one but associated with Don Mauro and their family . We were n't tourists but we were gringos , and there we sat at the end of the dining table with neither the men nor the women .
Breakfast was part of the wedding . More than a meal to start the day , it was a moment to sit with friends , tell stories , and celebrate . To this day , I do n't know if Don Mauro had told anyone we were coming ; people seemed surprised we were there . My hunch is that they arrived at the wedding early , told a few people they had a surprise , and returned to show off their gringos . They were beaming as villagers asked them why we were in town . Others wanted to know if we knew the newlyweds , and a few even asked if we were related to the family and from Santa Monica , California . ( Many of the migrants from Santa Ana were destined for Santa Monica , California , where they would settle with friends and relatives . )
Learning how to consume atole , a traditional Mexican drink , required the help of newfound friends . Marden Nolasco/Wikimedia Commons
The food arrived , which interrupted the questions . Our first dish was a bowl of chocolate atole—a blend of masa ( corn dough ) , sugar , water , cinnamon , and chocolate—served warm with sweet bread . The mixture is beaten to create stiff foam that sits on top of the warm liquid and is eaten with a small wooden paddle .
Guests offered us advice on how best to consume our bowls of atole using a combination of Spanish and gestures that mimicked scooping with the paddle . It was delicious , and once we had quickly finished , the bowls were whisked away .
The next course was higaditos ( literally , “ little livers ” ) , a soup that combines chicken livers , eggs , and vegetables in a spicy stock . The mother of the groom placed heaping bowls of it in front of us . The soup smelled wonderful , like something from my grandmother 's kitchen . I longed for a bowl of their rich , Russian-style chicken soup and a setting that was familiar to us . But my attention snapped back to the village as the cook set down a stack of handmade corn tortillas and small plates piled with salt and sliced limes . It all looked delicious , but there was something missing .
I looked at my wife , and they glanced back at me . There were no utensils . How were we going to eat our soup ?
A young woman sitting next to us saw our confusion and quickly announced , in Spanish , “ Get the gringos some spoons ! ”
A second young man jokingly asked , “ Do n't you know how to use tortillas ? ”
Before we could say anything , a woman left to find spoons . We heard them rummaging around , and then they returned polishing two spoons with a dry cloth , holding each to the light to check for dirt . It was quite clear that spoons were not necessary—but we were going to get them , whether we wanted them or not .
I decided to use the opportunity to connect with our new neighbors . “ How should we eat our higaditos ? ” I asked .
That day , so early in our fieldwork , we had lots of teachers to help us . Everyone wanted to show us the right way to use our tortillas . The moment was about more than simply eating . It was a chance for everyone to show us , the gringo anthropologists , that we did n't know a whole lot about life in the village .
Eating soup without a spoon was a simple skill . As time went on , we learned how to fold our tortillas in order to eat and enjoy our soup , though we did spill a lot . And as we were invited to more events—weddings , baptisms , funerals—we knew what to do when food showed up . We even had the opportunity to help with the preparations .
Our identities were n't fixed around anthropology , and we were certainly not heroes , but we went from gringos and strangers to something that was at least a little more familiar . We became Mauro 's gringos . It is an identity that more than 20 years later continues to define us in the village .
There 's a new way to brace yourself against the cold and wet the next time you hit the ski slopes . It 's a material that 's less bulky , more supple , and more comfortable than whatever is in that jacket you 've been wearing the last few winters .
A small Colorado-based company , Voormi , is touting a technology that produces a waterproof , breathable textile with only a single layer of material . It could be the most significant advancement in outdoor clothing since the first Gore-Tex jacket with a waterproof-breathable membrane debuted in the mid-1970s .
Voormi 's new approach , announced late last month at the Snowsports Industry Association tradeshow , could eventually replace those stiff , bulky weatherproof shells and conventional layering systems in favor of garments that have multiple , customizable properties—wicking and waterproofing , or insulation and windproofing—all while remaining thin and light . At stake is nothing less than a shakeup of what is a $ 1.5 billion-per-year market in outerwear in the US alone .
`` Our angle is to streamline waterproof breathables into a single-layer construction , '' says Timm Smith , Voormi 's marketing director . `` So it 's 1978 all over again and we just hit the re-start button . ''
Let 's back up : William and Bob Gore invented Gore-Tex in 1969 from polytetrafluoroethylene ( PTFE , the base material for Teflon ) . When rapidly stretched into a thin film , PTFE can become a thin membrane with pores that are smaller than liquid water droplets but larger than molecules of water when in vapor phase . So it 's impermeable to liquid water like rain or snow , but the moisture you produce as you sweat passes through . Gore-Tex is n't the only such membrane out there ; when the main patent expired in 1997 a number of clothing companies brought out alternative versions .
Membranes—which can be waterproof or just windproof—are the heart of a lot of outdoor clothing , and Voormi 's new technology still uses them . What 's different is how the membrane is applied .
> Unlike traditional waterproof-breathable fabrics , which need two layers , Voormi 's new technology is a single-layer textile with a membrane core . It 's lighter , more flexible , and more versatile .
On their own , membranes are pretty fragile . So textile companies laminate the membrane to an outer shell fabric to create a two-layer ( 2L ) textile that can then be cut and stitched into jackets or pants or sleeping bag shells . Most of the time , a third layer—a liner—is added to further improve durability . Fun fact : often that liner layer is polyester tricot , the same material you find in bras .
All of that makes a reasonably functional piece of clothing . But it 's also heavy and bulky due to the layers of fabric , the laminate adhesive , and yards of seam tape needed to cover stitch holes . And all the layers can blunt the membrane 's breathability , making it less effective .
Voormi 's new technique gets rid of the lamination altogether . `` Rather than glue a membrane to a fabric , we put the membrane into a knitting machine , knitting a yarn in and around and through the membrane , so we get a single-layer textile with a ( membrane ) core that 's constructed in the process , '' says Smith . `` It 's an entirely new platform . ''
A cross-section of the single-layer Core Technology textile showing the placement of the waterproof membrane . Voormi
But wait : wo n't punching millions of thread holes make the membrane into a sieve ? That 's the alchemic moment . In a step Voormi wo n't disclose , Smith says the company found a way to reconstitute the integrity of the membrane after the knitting process .
Smith also claims that Voormi can `` tune '' the membrane 's properties—the balance of waterproofness versus breathability , which is a function of the size of the pores in a membrane . If they 're designing a fabric for a cold but dry environment , like Voormi 's Colorado home , `` maybe we cure the membrane back to 70 percent of its waterproofness , '' they say . `` The ability to custom-balance that level is part of the engineering . ''
> For anyone used to conventional laminates and ages-old layering approaches , it 's jaw-dropping .
The emphasis in waterproof-breathables has always been on waterproof . That 's why many jackets still have zippered vents . In fact , the standards ( led by Gore ) on what is truly waterproof are so high that Voormi makes no claim that its garments are 100 percent waterproof . But the company does say that , short of a full-on deluge , they 'll keep you dry , and that they 're more breathable and comfortable than traditional waterproof shells .
Smith says Voormi 's technology works with any kind of membrane , not just waterproof-breathables , and almost any kind of yarn or mix of yarns . Voormi 's own pieces are a wool blend .
`` So you could have a single-layer baselayer that 's windproof but still wicks , '' explains Smith . `` It 's a whole new class of product where we can make a mid-layer that 's a single protective layer—a shirt I can run in and which blocks wind , but wo n't get wet from sweat . ''
Voormi 's Drift Hydro jacket is the first of the company 's products to feature the new material . Voormi
One of the company 's first offerings , the Drift Hydro , is a genre-bending softshell . It 's deceptively light for a shell piece , and looks and feels more like an insulating mid-layer , with a soft , looped wool on the inside and a brushed hardface outside . Pull on the four-way stretch fabric and a faint , white layer shines from within—the membrane peeking out . For anyone used to conventional laminates and ages-old layering approaches , it 's jaw-dropping .
It all sounds fascinating , but there are a lot of questions about whether they can make this work . Voormi is a tiny brand , located in the equally tiny town of Pagosa Springs , Colorado , and is n't well known outside of the hardcore skiing and climbing communities .
The Drift Hydro is one of just three pieces Voormi makes that uses Core Construction , although more are on the way , and it costs $ 400 . Voormi makes all of its clothing in the U.S. from exclusively U.S.-sourced materials , down to the sheep that produce the wool . That 's admirable , but even with flexible domestic manufacturing , you likely wo n't find thousands of these on store shelves .
But Voormi is n't aiming to necessarily become a giant clothing brand . Smith said the goal all along has been to license Core Construction to other companies , much like how W.L . Gore licensed Gore-Tex . From the beginning , Voormi has really been two companies : the clothing maker side and a research and development arm called SWNR ( Starting With New Rules ) .
Both aspects are necessary , because it 's a different world than 1969 , Smith points out . Licensing alone would n't work like it did for Gore . `` Any big ( clothing ) company out there has zero incentive to make this because they can sell a baselayer and a mid-layer and a portfolio of things , '' they say . Voormi 's retail products are intended to be `` a catalyst , '' says Smith . SWNR produces the innovations while Voormi proves the concept works technically and commercially .
The company has n't signed any major licensing agreements yet . Several are in the works , but Voormi was n't prepared to announce partners at the SIA show . So for the time being , Voormi 's own pieces are the only place to find Core Construction . That 's fine with them , for now , because they have bigger plans .
While it has only a handful of employees , the staff is an enviable roster of textile engineers , chemists and other innovators . Founder Dan English was General Manager of Business Solutions at Microsoft ; Executive VP of Development Doug Lumb spent 43 years at Polartec , where they helped invent synthetic fleece , among other innovations . English 's son , Dustin , has been testing the gear for years in the harsh Alaskan wilderness as a mountain guide . Even Smith , nominally Voormi 's marketing director , was a chemical engineer for W.L . Gore for 12 years prior to joining Voormi .
`` There 's this very cool thing here that is only the very small tip of what 's actually going on ( at Voormi ) , '' says Smith . `` The things you 'll start to see over the next few years , what you see today as Voormi will make sense in a much bigger context than people see right now . ''
UPDATE Feb 27 : The article was updated to correct technical details about how PTFE membranes operate .
A team of scientists led by two UC Davis physicists has detected and confirmed the faintest early-universe galaxy yet . This new object , seen as it was about 13 billion years ago , could help astronomers understand the “ reionization epoch ” when the first stars became visible .
Gravitational lensing and a special instrument on the 10-meter telescope at the W.M . Keck Observatory on the summit of Mauna Kea , Hawaii , enabled the team to see the incredibly faint object . The findings are published in Astrophysical Journal Letters today , May 19 .
Gravitational lensing is a phenomenon predicted by Einstein . Because gravity can bend the path of light , it 's possible for a distant galaxy to be magnified through the “ lens ” created by the gravity of another object between it and the viewer . In this case , the detected galaxy was behind the galaxy cluster MACS2129.4-0741 , which is massive enough to create three different images of the object . The astronomers were able to show that the three images were of the same galaxy because they showed similar spectra .
It would not have been visible at all if the light from the galaxy was not magnified by the gravitational lens , said UC Davis postdoctoral researcher Kuang-Han Huang , lead author of the paper .
Understanding the early universe
At 13 billion years old , the galaxy lies near the end of the reionization epoch , during which most of the hydrogen gas between galaxies transitioned from being mostly neutral to being mostly ionized , and the stars appeared for the first time . The discovery shows how gravitational lensing can help us understand the faint galaxies that dominate this important period of the early universe , Huang said .
“ This galaxy is exciting because the team infers a very low stellar mass , or only 1 percent of 1 percent of the Milky Way galaxy , ” said Marc Kassis , staff astronomer at the Keck Observatory . “ It 's a very , very small galaxy and at such a great distance , it 's a clue in answering one of the fundamental questions astronomy is trying to understand : What is causing the hydrogen gas at the very beginning of the universe to go from neutral to ionized about 13 billion years ago ? That 's when stars turned on and matter became more complex . ”
“ To see where no human has seen before ”
“ Keck Observatory 's telescopes are simply the best in the world for this work , ” said UC Davis physics professor and co-team leader Marusa Bradac . “ Their power , paired with the gravitational force of a massive cluster of galaxies , allows us to truly see where no human has seen before . ”
The galaxy 's magnified images were originally seen separately in both Keck Observatory and Hubble Space Telescope data . The team used the DEIMOS ( DEep Imaging and Multi-Object Spectrograph ) instrument on the 10-meter Keck II telescope to confirm that the three images were of the same object .
The core of the team consisted of Bradac , Huang , Brian Lemaux and Austin Hoag of UC Davis . Keck Observatory astronomers Luca Rizzi and Carlos Alvarez were instrumental in helping the team collect the DEIMOS data . Tommaso Treu from UCLA and Kasper Schmidt of Leibniz Institute for Astrophysics , Potsdam , were also part of the team .
Keck Observatory is a private 501 ( c ) 3 nonprofit organization and a scientific partnership of the California Institute of Technology , the University of California and NASA .
Positive online reviews hold significant value to your search ranking . Adversely , negative reviews can hurt it . In an attempt to promote quality customer feedback , Google recently joined a practice of Amazon.com in offering verified reviews — encouraging people who have purchased an item from your online store to leave an authenticated review.Although Google has always discouraged fake or incentivized reviews , this is the first feature they 've added that clearly promotes signal over noise . In addition to confirming that a review is written by a real customer , this may serve as a useful tool for businesses who want to solicit customer reviews without exploring the discouraged and ambiguous realm of review incentivization . These verified reviews may end up being promoted or visually differentiated to help them stand out from all the other reviews .
Minutes after a man armed with an assault rifle opened fire at Pulse , a gay nightclub in Orlando , Fla. , the venue posted a dire warning on Facebook : `` Everyone gets out of pulse and keep running . ''
It was a stark contrast to the club 's previous post , seven hours earlier , inviting `` Latinos , Latinas & everyone that loves a little Latin flavor '' to swing by Saturday night for an evening of fun .
They did n't know then the club would become the scene of the deadliest shooting in U.S. history , with 50 people killed , 53 others injured and the gunman dead in a shootout
As the chaotic scene unfolded , staff , patrons and passersby took to social media to describe what they saw .
A man named Brandon Wolf tweeted in the midst of the shooting that they were hiding in the bathroom and unable to find their friends .
Omg . Shooting at pulse . We hid in the bathroom . And we ca n't find our friends . — @ bjoewolf
Three hours later , they posted that he 'd managed to escape the nightclub safely . Others , they said , were not so lucky .
My heart is broken . We could n't save Juan . Thank you everyone who was praying and hoping . May they rest easy ❤️ — @ bjoewolf
Another man , who describes themselves in their Twitter bio as an ER physician assistant , posted a clip from outside the club .
Walking to ORMC now . I 'm ok . Friend got shot . I 've never seen so much blood and mayhem or been so scared ever . < a href= '' https : //t.co/KyGhQGmWWQ '' > pic.twitter.com/KyGhQGmWWQ < /a > — @ lakecitymedman
They said he 'd been celebrating at Pulse with a friend for their birthday . The pair managed to escape out the back , they said , though their friend was shot in the shoulder .
ca n't explain what happened . I was there with a nurse for their bday . Guy in vest startsshooting . They got hit in shoulder . We ran out back — @ lakecitymedman
I 'm at ORMC now after triaging people in the street . Trying to get temporary credentials to help out . Patients everywhere bleeding . — @ lakecitymedman
Another man posted video from what appears to be just down the street from the club . The sound of gunfire , a fast burst of at least 20 shots , can be heard ringing out .
Gunfire exchanged at < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/pulse ? src=hash '' > # pulse < /a > nightclub hostage situation in < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/Orlando ? src=hash '' > # Orlando < /a > . < a href= '' https : //t.co/qeF0s6Ien6 '' > pic.twitter.com/qeF0s6Ien6 < /a > — @ nichornstein
As the chaos died down on Sunday morning and details of the shooting emerged , tributes for the victims began pouring in on social media under the hashtags # PrayForOrlando and # ImWithYou .
'Out of nowhere , bang , bang , bang , bang '
Orlando resident Justin Barnes was stopped in their car at a red light near the nightclub when the first round of gunfire erupted .
`` People were screaming and yelling and the officer that was there , they were firing their weapon at the guy and yelling 'get the f -- k out of the way . ' People were running past my car , '' they told CBC News .
`` One lady was dragging their leg and they were bleeding , '' Barnes said . `` I could literally smell gunpowder from where my car was sitting . ''
Justin Barnes recounts mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando 9:07
Barnes said they got out of their car to try to help victims get away safely , but later fled when the gunman began shooting in their direction .
`` I saw like five people drop like balloons in front of me , '' they said , visibly shaken and struggling to find their words during their interview with CBC 's John Northcott .
`` I was n't affected by it physically , but I 'm telling you man , I 'll be affected by this mentally for the rest of my life . I 've never seen anybody die in my life . ''
' I crawled out '
`` I just saw bodies going down , '' said customer Chris Hansen , who was ordering a drink from the bar when the shooting began .
`` I fell down . I crawled out . People were trying to escape out the back . ''
Outside , Hansen helped a man who had been shot in the back by placing a bandana on their wound to stem the bleeding . They also helped a woman who was shot in the arm .
'No one can tell me where my son is '
One woman whose son was in the club told reporters she 's since texted and called their phone , with no response .
`` I do n't know where my son is . No one can tell me where my son is , if he 's been shot , if he 's dead , no one knows , '' they said through tears .
They said other witnesses saw their son 's boyfriend being taken away from the scene in an ambulance with multiple gunshots .
WEST POINT , NY — While many are feeling the negative effects of the government shutdown , leaders and students at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point are hoping it continues into the new year , saving them from another humiliating and crushing defeat at the Army-Navy football game .
“ It 's just one of those little blessings that will help make the next round of cutbacks that much easier to handle , ” said Lt. Gen. Robert Caslen , the West Point superintendent , as they looked out their window where cadets were being released for the weekend instead of remaining behind to practice drill and ceremony for the next Saturday morning football parade .
The team , which is scheduled to play against the U.S . Naval Academy in December , is renowned for their historic 2003 NCAA record , when the Black Knights went 0-13 .
“ Here at USMA we strive to produce the best football players on the planet , ” Caslen told reporters , while getting a tattoo of ‘ Beat Navy ' on their forehead . “ Our entire school revolves around the team . Mandatory rallies , no seating for cadets in the bleachers , and the banning of alcohol at the games all help ensure that we provide the best possible atmosphere for our players to succeed . ”
Since the team has n't beaten Navy in more than a decade , the institution has realigned its mission from training the next generation of officers to “ just beating those goddamn midshipmen , ” according to the mission statement on the academy website .
“ Our number one priority is beating them . We put it everywhere : On walls , PowerPoint presentations , hell-we even make the freshmen say it instead of a normal ‘ hello ' or ‘ good morning ' . Really gets the motivation up . ”
Despite the changes , Caslan noted that many young men and women are focused on some other mysterious force , other than supporting their football team .
“ Why would you come to the country 's oldest football school to do anything other than support the Black Knights , the most storied team in NCAA history ? ” Caslen asked , as they changed into a Black Knight mascot uniform before they were to run around campus . “ The Army-Navy game is the number one conflict facing our future officers , and they should prepare for the coming struggle accordingly by designing Spirit Posters , making homoerotic YouTube videos that insinuate everyone in the Navy is gay , or mindlessly shouting slogans along with your classmates instead of communicating like a fully developed adult . ”
Maj. Ryan Thompson , a professor of military football science at the school , agrees wholeheartedly .
“ This government shut-down is a real gift , ” said Thompson . “ It gives us that much more time to prepare for the next year 's battle without having to deal with the pall of shame that comes over the school after each soul-crushing loss to a team that is represented by a fucking goat for a mascot . ”
When asked how many graduates were serving in Afghanistan , Caslen looked confused .
“ Where 's that school again ? ” Caslen asked reporters . “ Do we have some kind of exchange program there ? More importantly , do they have a football team ? ”
At press time , Caslen was informed that Afghanistan was a theater of war under the U.S. Central Command that had claimed the lives of dozen of graduates , but they clapped their hands over their ears and began loudly singing the Army fight song until reporters left .
theking1 Profile Joined June 2013 Romania 585 Posts Last Edited : 2013-06-28 19:05:00 # 1
The entire flame war started with the following incontroll tweet
oh how times have changed ! Disgruntled halo nerds going to have compny Super secret word is MLG gave SC2 the small stage this time aroundoh how times have changed ! Disgruntled halo nerds going to have compny
MLG Adam was quick to clarify with tweets and relevant pictures in the following conversation
Since there is another thread spreading lies about the mlg stage debacle and the op of that thread stopped updating it I shall make a new one based on the new relevant information.Note that this thread does not contain the same info as the other thread hence it should not be considered for closing.The entire flame war started with the following incontroll tweetMLG Adam was quick to clarify with tweets and relevant pictures in the following conversation Totalbiscuit ‏ @ Totalbiscuit 53m
Lot of negativity floating around regarding SC2 at MLG this year . But I know every caster , community and on-site will do our best .
Expand
Adam Apicella ‏ @ MrAdamAp 43m
@ Totalbiscuit as will Mlg
Expand Reply Retweet Favorite More
Ron H ‏ @ Magnious 13m
@ MrAdamAp @ Totalbiscuit @ EGiNcontroL CoD is taking center stage . That 's .. interesting . Grats to CoD ! Sad for SC2 but I know it will be great
Expand
Adam Apicella ‏ @ MrAdamAp 28 Jun
@ Magnious @ totalbiscuit @ egincontrol there is no center stage
Hide conversation Reply Retweet Favorite More
9:35 AM - 28 Jun 13 · Details
These 2 pictures prove MLGs Dams point
sc2 stage and seats :
Day 9 photo of sc2 seats
lol stage and seats
The stage that everyone is so rustled about is actually Call of Duty ( look at the big sign above ) .
Conclussion :
1.They all look the same and have the same number of seats ( there is nosuch a thing as main stage/basement stage etc ) .
2.Lol although having a bigger crowd gets the same number of seats of sc2.They should actually be the ones pissed of.And btw since the growing number of esports fans i wouldnt be surprised in the following years each esport reseves their own venues in places such as highschool gyms , university classrooms , cinemas , vegas casinos etc if the viewership keeps rising exponentially .
3.Incontroll since being an influential member of the community should know better to check all the facts before starting this sort of shitstorm .
4 .. MLG put up a great stage for us and I really like it.At least lets see how the tournament goes before giving them flack.maybe we can be a little gratefull.From what I have seen it will be a great sc2 tournament .
I shall keep the thread updated with any new relevant info
Also please tell me if you can see the pictures or if I have to reupload them again.In any case please check them out at
https : //twitter.com/MrAdamAp
P.S Does anyone here notice that we are the only ones who get leather chairs while the other games get bare metal ones These 2 pictures prove MLGs Dams pointsc2 stage and seats : Day 9 photo of sc2 seatslol stage and seatsThe stage that everyone is so rustled about is actually Call of Duty ( look at the big sign above ) .Conclussion:1.They all look the same and have the same number of seats ( there is nosuch a thing as main stage/basement stage etc ) .2.Lol although having a bigger crowd gets the same number of seats of sc2.They should actually be the ones pissed of.And btw since the growing number of esports fans i wouldnt be surprised in the following years each esport reseves their own venues in places such as highschool gyms , university classrooms , cinemas , vegas casinos etc if the viewership keeps rising exponentially.3.Incontroll since being an influential member of the community should know better to check all the facts before starting this sort of shitstorm.4 .. MLG put up a great stage for us and I really like it.At least lets see how the tournament goes before giving them flack.maybe we can be a little gratefull.From what I have seen it will be a great sc2 tournament.I shall keep the thread updated with any new relevant infoAlso please tell me if you can see the pictures or if I have to reupload them again.In any case please check them out atP.S Does anyone here notice that we are the only ones who get leather chairs while the other games get bare metal ones
Donald Trump was not the first American president to welcome Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to the White House . As at the meetings with President Bill Clinton , when Abbas sat next to PLO leader Yasser Arafat , and subsequent talks with Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama , the sides discussed a diplomatic process with Israel , the need to combat terrorism , the severe economic problems in the Palestinian territories and opportunities to promote regional peace . It 's too soon to tell whether Trump 's stated desire to make a deal between the Israelis and the Palestinians will bring the sides closer than did the efforts of their predecessors , all of which ended in deep Palestinian disappointment . But there are several hopeful signs in this latest meeting .
The first is the invitation itself , extended to Abbas so early in the US president 's term . A stateless leader , a president who barely controls their own territory , got the nod before heads of far larger and more important countries standing in line for a photo-op with Trump . It placed Abbas in the same tier of White House invitees as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Deputy Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Abdul-Aziz , Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and Jordan 's King Abdullah II . And all within the first six months of Trump 's first term .
The second encouraging difference lies in the Israeli prime minister 's special relationship with the US president and their cohort of advisers and donors . Abbas ' greatest rival was accorded a royal welcome at the White House in February , and will probably be among the first world leaders to host Trump . In light of these special relations , Netanyahu will be hard pressed to attack Trump for attempting to undermine their favorite delaying tactic , the status quo , and to accuse him , as they did President Barack Obama , of pro-Islamic leanings . Throughout the election campaign , and since taking office , Trump has been exposed to the views of donors and advisers who support the views of the Israeli and Jewish right . Abbas was given an opportunity this week to present the views of the Palestinian side directly and to stroke the presidential ego .
The third difference lies in Trump 's unique character . Their predecessors had sent experts to study the positions of both sides , to analyze the underlying problems and recommend solutions . The sum total of their efforts was less peace and more Israeli settlers in areas claimed by the Palestinians for their future state . But Trump is a business person , striving to `` close a deal '' that will benefit the United States but primarily their ego . They are not interested in complaints . They are bored by other people 's problems . So do n't talk to them about obstacles ; just get rid of them !
After standing beside Netanyahu at a joint February news conference and blurting out their bizarre statement that they do n't care if the sides agree on a one-state or two-state solution , Trump 's advisers convinced them that the only viable deal to be struck in the Middle Eastern political bazaar is to divide the land in two along the 1967 Israeli borders ( with some adjustments ) , including the city of Jerusalem that both claim as their capital . This is exactly the solution to which Abbas has aspired for years . For Netanyahu , however , there is no solution more dire — both ideologically and politically — than a withdrawal from the West Bank and a surrender of Israeli sovereignty over the whole of Jerusalem . So as not to arrive at such a dangerous juncture , they are placing obstacles along the road leading to it .
On their White House visit , Netanyahu laid down two conditions for a peace agreement with the Palestinians : Palestinian recognition of Israel as the state of the Jewish people and an end to incitement against Israel . Unfortunately , they said , the Palestinians reject both . “ So , unfortunately , the Palestinians not only deny the past , they also poison the present , ” Netanyahu complained to Trump . But the issue of Israel 's recognition as a Jewish state has already been resolved . The Palestinian Authority and member states of the Arab League accepted the statement of principles presented by Secretary of State John Kerry in December 2016 in their end-of-the-term speech . Kerry 's second principle was the implementation of UN Resolution 181 regarding the establishment of a Jewish state alongside an Arab one .
A solution has also been found to Netanyahu 's complaint about Palestinian incitement . In fact , the prime minister themselves came up with the solution back in 1998 , when Clinton acceded to their demand for the establishment of an Israeli-Palestinian-American committee to eradicate incitement by each side . It 's safe to assume that Abbas told Trump , as they often tell journalists , about Netanyahu 's stubborn rejection of the Palestinian proposal to reconvene the long-dormant panel .
Netanyahu systematically conditions launching talks with the Palestinians by a recognition of Israel as the homeland of the Jewish people . In the past Abbas had their own conditions ( settlement freeze ) for meeting Netanyahu and relaunching talks . But they have not mentioned those conditions lately .
While Abbas is engaged in addressing all Netanyahu 's preconditions for a Netanyahu-Abbas meeting , the Israeli leader is busy coming up with new ones . In an April 19 interview with the Japanese newspaper The Asahi Shimbun , Abbas made clear they would agree to an invitation from Trump to meet with Netanyahu without insisting on the Palestinian preconditions of a freeze of Israeli settlement building and the release of Palestinian prisoners . At about the same time , Netanyahu pulled out another demand : that Abbas act to abrogate a Palestinian law obliging the Palestinian Authority to support the families of Palestinians killed while committing terror attacks and those serving time for such crimes in Israeli jails .
On May 1 , Israel 's annual Remembrance Day for the Fallen , Netanyahu took the opportunity to try to spoil Abbas ' meeting with Trump . “ President Abbas , who is going to meet with President Trump this week , ” Netanyahu said . “ How can you speak about peace with Israel , and at the same time pay murderers who spill the blood of innocent Israelis ? ” Trump presumably was not thrilled to hear Netanyahu accusing them of buddying up with supporters of Muslim terrorists . And if the American president insists that Abbas end the practice , Netanyahu may be asked to repay the favor in the hard currency of a halt to settlement construction . If so , they are unlikely to be able to deliver the goods within the constraints of their current governing coalition .
In this zero-sum game over Trump 's heart and mind between Abbas , who seeks to break through the diplomatic stalemate , and Netanyahu , who would rather perpetuate it , the Palestinian had the upper hand this week . Until the next round .
Noomi Rapace will star in the science-fiction thriller “ Boy ” with Danish helmer Jonas Arnby on board , Variety has learned .
Lotus Entertainment is launching international sales for “ Boy ” at the Cannes Film Festival .
Mattson Tomlin 's script for “ Boy , ” which was named to the 2015 Black List , centers on a teenage boy who is born with special abilities and spends their childhood switching names and cities to keep their identity hidden . When their conservative , suburban neighborhood discovers the risk they pose and blames them for a mass , tragic event , they and their mother must flee from the authorities who are looking to destroy them and seek the trust and support of an underground rebellion group .
Brian Kavanaugh-Jones , Ben Pugh and Leon Clarance are producing . The trio worked together on “ The Titan , ” starring Sam Worthington , Taylor Schilling and Tom Wilkinson . Kavanaugh-Jones and Clarance also produced “ Come and Find Me , ” starring Aaron Paul and Annabelle Wallis . Kavanaugh-Jones and Pugh produced “ San Castle , ” starring Nicholas Hoult and Henry Cavill , and “ Collide , ” staring Hoult , Felicity Jones and Ben Kingsley .
Clarance 's Motion Picture Capital will finance “ Boy , ” which will begin shooting in August . Executive producers include Arash Amel , Rory Aitken , Rian Cahill and Laure Vaysse .
Arnby made their directorial debut on the Danish horror drama “ When Animals Dream , ” which premiered at Cannes in 2014 and starred Sonia Suhl as a teenager who discovers that they are transforming into a werewolf .
Rapace is best known for starring in “ Prometheus ” and “ Sherlock Holmes : Game of Shadows ” along with the Swedish film adaptations of the Millennium series : “ The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , ” “ The Girl Who Played With Fire ” and “ The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets ' Nest . ”
SAN FRANCISCO — Four years ago , Edward J. Snowden 's disclosures that the federal government was hacking America 's leading technology companies threw the industry into turmoil .
Now WikiLeaks has shaken the tech world again by releasing documents Tuesday that appear to show that the Central Intelligence Agency had acquired an array of cyberweapons that could be used to break into Apple and Android smartphones , Windows computers , automotive computer systems , and even smart televisions to conduct surveillance on unwitting users .
Major technology companies , including Apple , Google and Microsoft , were trying to assess how badly their core products had been compromised . But one thing clearly had been ruptured yet again : trust between intelligence agencies and Silicon Valley .
“ After the Snowden disclosures , the Obama administration worked hard to re-establish relationships and government-industry partnerships , ” said David Gutelius , chief executive of the marketing technology company Motiva , who has worked with the federal government on national security projects . “ This leak will challenge those ties to some extent . But I do n't see companies simply walking away from the table as a result of this . Government and industry still need one another . ”
Ukuleles are usually very small and light four-stringed instruments , but Lawrence Stump from the USA has created a tuneable and playable ukulele that is a giant 3.99 metres ( 13 ft 1.08 in ) long .
Largest ukulele . Their supersized musical instrument has entered the Guinness World Records 2017 Edition as the world 's
video
The body of the instrument is constructed of birch plywood , and the neck and head are of pine , as are all four tuning pegs .
The ukulele has the correct fret spacing required to produce notes separated by a semitone , as is the case on a normal-sized uke . In fact , it is an exact , to-scale replica of a commercially available Soprano ukulele - but 7.5 times larger .
Lawrence first got the idea to build the world 's largest ukulele after helping their son construct a regular-sized one for a science project at school .
The record was verified during an event in a music store in Lansing , Michigan , where Lawrence demonstrated their giant ukulele could really play , as required by the Guinness World Records rules for this title .
“ Holding a Guinness World Records title is a distinct honour , knowing my instrument could meet the requirements I had to try , ” said Lawrence .
Previously , the largest ukulele was 2.27 m ( 7.45 ft ) long , 0.85 m ( 2.8 ft ) wide and 0.25 m ( 0.83 ft ) deep and was created by Xuri Musical Instruments Co. Ltd. ( China ) in Zhangzhou , Fujian , China , on in 2014 .
Actor Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson is once again thinking about running for president , they told British GQ in a new profile .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` I 'll be honest , I have n't ruled politics out , ” Johnson said . `` I 'm not being coy when I say that , but at the moment I am not sure . I ca n't deny that the thought of being governor , the thought of being president , is alluring . ”
They said running for office “ would be an opportunity to make a real impact on people 's lives on a global scale . ”
`` But there are a lot of other things I want to do first , '' they added .
It 's not the first time he 's flirted with the idea .
In March , they tweeted a story about their political appeal . “ Maybe one day , ” they tweeted . “ Surely the White House has a spot for my pickup truck… ”
Cool piece on why I should run for President . Maybe one day . Surely the White House has a spot for my pickup truck .. https : //t.co/JpkZ4w1eh3 — Dwayne Johnson ( @ TheRock ) March 25 , 2016
In 2012 , Johnson said , “ one day , and that day will come , I can impact the world through politics , ” after their entertaining days were over .
Builders find 700-year-old fresco hidden behind wall in Italian church
A beautifully preserved 700-year-old fresco has been found hidden behind a wall at an Italian church , officials have revealed .
Builders found the crucifixion scene while carrying out restoration work on the church but it was kept secret so as to allow it to be fully recovered by experts .
Although the image of Christ has been worn away the figures of Mary and St John as well as several angels can still clearly be seen in the semi circle fresco which also has an intricate border pattern .
Incredible find : The fresco discovered in the small church of Sant'Anna , in Capri , Italy , by builders
The team who recovered it say that it is of 'considerable artistic value ' and similar in style the late style of Florentine pre-Renaissance master Giotto although it is not certain if they painted it .
The fresco was found in the church of Sant'Anna , on the island of Capri which lies in the bay of Naples and until 1595 it was Capri 's main parish church .
It is known that towards the end of their life Giotto , who painted frescoes across Italy , notably in Florence , Padua and possibly Assisi spent five years in Naples .
However , few of their their works have survived in the city , only a fragment of a fresco showing the Lamentation of Christ in the church of Santa Chiara and the Illustrious Men at Santa Barbara Chapel of Castel Nuovo .
In 1332 King Robert named them 'first court painter ' with a yearly pension but a year later they left the city and travelled to Bologna and Florence where they died in 1337 .
The painting , which depicts the crucifixion of Christ , is believed to date from 1300 AD and was found at the church of Sant'Anna , on the island of Capri
Father Carmine Del Gaudio explained how the fresco had been discovered last July by the builders and said : 'They were strengthening a wall when a piece fell away and they saw something behind it . They looked into the hole and saw something painted on a wall that had been blocked up over the years .
'While the Christ figure is now missing , the parts of the fresco with Mary and St John and several angels are pretty well preserved .
'The discovery of this work enriches Capri with another precious jewel , as testimony to its heritage dating back thousands of years . '
In order to recover the fresco the wall covering it was completely removed and experts from the superintendency of Culture in Naples were sent in to oversee the operation .
China & India Surpass USA As World 's Most Attractive Renewable Energy Countries
May 16th , 2017 by Joshua S Hill
China and India have both surpassed the United States in EY 's Renewable energy country attractiveness index , pushing the US down for the first time since 2015 in the ranking of the top 40 countries .
EY published the 49th issue of the Renewable energy country attractiveness index ( RECAI ) this week , revealing that China and India had both surpassed the United States to take the top two spots , respectively , and the US falling to third . Unsurprisingly , recent executive orders made by newly minted President Donald Trump to roll back Obama-era environmental and climate change policies attempts to revive the US coal industry , and the review of the Clean Power Plan , all served to decrease the country 's attractiveness for renewable energy development and investment .
“ Movements in the index illustrate the influence of policy on renewable energy investment and development – both productive and detrimental , ” said Ben Warren , EY Global Power & Utilities Corporate Finance Leader and RECAI Chief Editor . “ Supportive policy and a long-term vision are critical to achieving a clean energy future . ”
The United States did n't lose their spot solely because of their own poor performance but also lost out because of strong growth in both China and India . China 's National Energy Administration ( NEA ) announced in January that the country intends to spend $ 363 billion to develop new renewable energy capacity by 2020 . China is also intending to trial a pilot tradable green certificate program in July of this year .
Meanwhile , India continued its upward trend that has been seen over the past few editions of the RECAI , thanks in part to the country 's plans to build 175 GW of new renewable energy capacity by 2022 and to ensure renewable energy accounts for 40 % of installed capacity by 2040 .
“ The renewable energy industry is beginning to break free of the shackles that have stalled progress in the past , ” Warren added . “ More refined technology , lower costs and advances in battery storage are enabling more widespread investment and adoption of clean energy . ”
These were n't the only movements , however , as can be seen below . The United Kingdom squeezed its way back into the top 10 , while somewhat surprisingly , Australia managed to eke its way into the top 5 due to a record year of investment in renewable energy and efforts to ensure the country reaches its 2020 renewable energy target . Canada fell out of the top 10 , and Chile , France , and Mexico all saw themselves slip down in the top 10 .
On Thursday , Book Twitter — the part of Twitter where publishers , authors , readers , and journalists discuss the industry and its literature — inspired the New York Times to revise its upcoming best-seller list . If you did n't happen to be following along all day , you were probably confused , especially since each new fact that emerged was more astounding than the last . Here 's what happened .
When the Times released its young-adult best-seller list for the week of Sep. 3 , it came as a huge surprise . Angie Thomas ' The Hate U Give , a story about a young black girl whose friend is killed by the police , had been on the list for 25 weeks — but was knocked out of the top spot by a newcomer : Handbook for Mortals , by Lani Sarem . The problem , as Pajiba first reported , was that no one had ever heard of this book .
GeekNation Press
YA author Phil Stamper was one of the first to point out on Twitter that the placement would mean a book that 's out of stock on Amazon had somehow sold about 5,000 copies in its first week ( authors agree that 's about the number a book needs to sell to crack the list ) . On top of that , Handbook for Mortals was the debut novel from both its author and its publisher , GeekNation . Originally established as a pop culture website in 2012 , GeekNation only launched its book publishing arm in July . Something smelled fishy , and it only got weirder from there .
Subscribe to EW 's Books newsletter to get the latest news in your inbox
( GeekNation and Sarem could not be reached for immediate comment . )
This is what I 'm referencing . A book that 's out of stock on Amazon and is not currently in any physical B & N in the tri-state area . pic.twitter.com/HV9l0neRgG — Phil Stamper ( @ stampepk ) August 24 , 2017
It did n't take long before multiple obscure celebrities from the early-2000s were linked to the mystery . Sarem is apparently the cousin of former 'N Sync member J.C. Chasez , who tweeted their encouragement when Handbook was published earlier this month . When another Book Twitter detective uncovered that Sarem was once a music manager who worked with bands like Blues Traveler , the official Blues Traveler account weighed in , claiming , “ yes this is weird but not surprising…We fired them for this kind of stunts . Them sense of denial is staggering ! ” The tweet has since been deleted .
I ca n't believe my cousin @ RockanRollGypsy wrote a book . Could n't be more excited to share Handbook For Mortals is out today in book stores . pic.twitter.com/ZX98BMaomw — JC Chasez ( @ JCChasez ) August 16 , 2017
The author 's a music manager . They managed Blues Traveler , apparently .
The LAYERS to this ! — Kayleigh Donaldson ( @ Ceilidhann ) August 24 , 2017
On top of that , GeekNation was co-founded by Clare Kramer , who portrayed Glory on Buffy the Vampire Slayer . Actor Thomas Ian Nicholas ( American Pie , Rookie of the Year ) was also involved — he 's planning to star in an eventual movie adaptation . Stamper shared a direct message from someone claiming to be an independent bookstore employee , and the person said that someone called their store , asked if they reported to the New York Times , and immediately placed a bulk order of Handbook for Mortals , claiming they were making a film adaptation . Writer Jeremy West said they received similar information .
Well this clears things up… ( they asked for their name to be redacted ) pic.twitter.com/WkzUynUwsB — Phil Stamper ( @ stampepk ) August 24 , 2017
I have received a second source claiming this happened last week . pic.twitter.com/ot0vFBMjb2 — Jeremy West ( @ JeremyWest ) August 24 , 2017
Speaking of the planned movie , the weirdest connection to early-2000s pop culture came from writer Preeti Chhibber , who speculated that Sarem might be the same author behind “ My Immortal , ” an infamous piece of Harry Potter fan fiction from 2006 that has since become known as the worst fan fiction story ever — it 's essentially the fan fiction equivalent of The Room . Chhibber placed an excerpt from Handbook for Mortals beside a passage from “ My Immortal , ” and they do share certain similarities — both protagonists obsess about their appearance and have multicolored hair .
tell me i 'm wrong pic.twitter.com/4cybaBWoVw — Preeti Chhibber ( @ runwithskizzers ) August 24 , 2017
While that mystery remains unsolved for now , Book Twitter 's sleuthing was not for nothing . By the end of the day , the New York Times had released a revised list that excluded Handbook for Mortals and returned The Hate U Give to its rightful place in the top spot .
Omg the NYT revised the list ! TWEETING WORKS . Congrats to Angie Thomas on their # 1 NYT Bestseller ! — Marlena Bittner ( @ lenabitts ) August 24 , 2017
Wait… am I correct in reading that YA Twitter basically ran a crowd-sourced investigation that took down a scam artist in like , 12 hours ? ? — S. A. Chakraborty ( @ SChakrabs ) August 24 , 2017
An unexpected journey through a beautiful but troubled planet
“ I found my true north in the land of shining stars ,
I 'm moving on my way from morning Earth to evening Mars .
I 'm rising through the silence of Mother Universe ,
And faith in God that helps me keep my inner force . ”
So was said about the musical tale of Preschtale by it 's creator . It was released in January 2012 by the owner of the Ubiktune label , C-Jeff . This album is a wonderful example of what I like to call evocative music with a strong narrative story . If I let my mind wander when I listen to this album , I see a story in my head about a grand and epic journey on an unknown planet . Unexpected and epic events at every turn . During my travel , I am overwhelmed by wide gamut of emotions , eager to know what will happen next . To enhance this experience , C-Jeff took a great care to ensure that the whole work seem to be one continuous entity and not several disjointed musical tracks , which could have had the effect of kicking the listener out of phase . I could go on for hour but I wo n't go more into detail to let you experience this by yourself
This masterpiece was created on a DAW using a wide array of chip sounds and some live guitar solo by Danimal Cannon . This album really feels like a sequel to C-Jeff 's first and second album : Konami and Electric , as it draws a lot on the style of theses . The production quality really feels like a professional album and not an indie releases at all .
Later in 2012 , the whole album got remixed by Ubiktune 's artists . The concept behind that new album was to re-imagine Preschtale by combining different parts of each track . It gave life to Preschtale Variation . All artists used their signature sound to create their tracks . While giving it a different feeling , it stayed true to the original .
One thing I found out was that the different styling rendered it definitely more accessible to the common people ! It 's definitely worth a listen in any case !
Since these 2 two , C-Jeff has released another album named Big Steel Wheel . I will be covering it on this blog in the future I assure you !
In conclusion , I think I can not stress enough how much I love these albums . I have been listening to them daily since I 've discovered them . I hope you give will them a try and hopefully buy them .
Cheers
Links :
Advertisements
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Transgender people born in New York state , with the exception of New York City , will no longer have to prove that they have had sex-reassignment surgery to change the sex marked on their birth certificate , Governor Andrew Cuomo 's office said on Thursday .
About 100 people a year seek to change the sex on their birth certificate in New York state , according to the office of the governor , who is a Democrat . New York City has a separate records system from the rest of the state and still requires proof of surgery for such a change .
Under the policy , a transgender person will still need to provide a notarized affidavit from the doctor treating them for what the American Psychiatric Association calls gender dysphoria , previously known as gender identity disorder , in order to get their birth certificate modified .
But under the policy the doctor will no longer need to affirm that their patient has had surgery , only that they are receiving “ appropriate treatment . ”
Transgender rights groups say many transgender people , who identify as having a different sex from their one at birth , do not need , do not want or can not afford sex-reassignment surgery .
Being unable to change the sex marked on their identity documents can leave them vulnerable to discrimination or embarrassment , these rights groups say .
“ This change brings New York in line with the current standards of medical care for gender transition - it 's not ‘ one size fits all , ' ” Dru Levassuer , the transgender rights director for the advocacy group Lambda Legal , said in an interview .
“ It is important to have accurate identity documents that reflect who people are in the world , ” they said .
Four other states - Vermont , California , Oregon and Iowa - as well as Washington , D.C. , also do not require surgery and proof of surgery before changing sex designation on a birth certificate , according to Lambda Legal .
New York 's new policy closely matches that of the U.S. State Department , which in 2010 dropped proof of sex-reassignment surgery for altering the sex marked on passports and consular birth certificates .
Only people who are 18 years old or older are allowed to apply to alter their birth certificate in New York state .
“ Under Governor Cuomo 's leadership , New York is reclaiming its rightful place as the progressive capital of the nation and made significant progress to advance the rights of all New Yorkers , including members of the transgender community , ” Alphonso David , the state 's deputy secretary for civil rights , said in a statement .
“ Much work remains , and this administration is committed to promoting laws and policies that are fair and just for all , ” David added .
Sean Davidson , CTV Toronto
A group of cyclists protested downtown Friday , calling for safer streets after three cyclists were struck and killed in Toronto in the last two weeks .
Protesters gathered at Nathan Phillips Square for a “ Die-In , ” during which they lay on the ground for three minutes -- one for each cyclist who has recently died .
The protest lasted about thirty minutes and around 100 people attended , according to CTV 's Austin Delaney .
The group says they are demanding an end to fatalities of “ vulnerable road users in Toronto . ”
According to the group 's Facebook page , they are asking city council to adopt a “ Vision Zero ” policy aimed at eliminating road fatalities , boosting the cycling budget to $ 20 million , and building the “ minimum grid . ”
The minimum grid would connect bike lanes across the entire city of Toronto . According to the group , they have the support of 25 out of 44 city councillors .
Austerity : The terrorism that dare not speak its name
Written more than a century ago , Jack London 's , The Iron Heel , endures as a very pertinent read . The dystopian novel , which later influenced George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty Four depicts the tyranny of a class of nihilistic super-rich , named ‘ the Oligarchy ' , imposing their brutal rule on the rest of humanity . The book 's protagonist , Ernest Everhard , is a fiery socialist whose life-cause is to take on the huge capitalist monopolies and the powerful state which safeguards them . Riddled with outbursts of rage against the profit system , the book 's reader could not fail to miss the parallels between the scenario set out in this book and the world today .
Politicians from the two main parties in the US bore the brunt of one of Ernest 's wonderful tirades , an eruption of anger which could be aimed at almost any parliament in the world today :
“ You pompously call yourselves Republicans and Democrats . There is no Republican Party . There is no Democratic Party . There are no Republicans , nor Democrats in this house . You are lick-spittlers and panderers , the creatures of the Plutocracy . You talk verbosely in antiquated terminology of your love of liberty , and all the while you wear the scarlet livery of the Iron Heel . ”
Although it has been true for a long time , the present Eurozone crisis has brought to the fore the unspeakable fact that national parliaments are no longer the main power-holders in the world . The blackmail and intimidation of the Irish people into accepting Angela Merkel 's ‘ Stability ' Treaty was but the latest instance of a rabid financial system making big decisions against the interests of the majority of humanity .
In January , under the threat of a “ financial bomb ” going off in Dublin , the Irish state pitifully paid €1.2 billion to unsecured , unguaranteed , faceless bondholders at the now defunct Anglo-Irish bank . Two months previously , €720 million was forked out for the same senseless purpose , at a time when billions are hacked away from public spending . The fact that the Fine Gael and Labour manifestos pledged to “ burn the bondholders ” did not halt this grotesque looting of scarce public funds . Terroristic warnings of financial catastrophe saw to it that the desires of the Irish electorate were overridden .
Although Ireland reluctantly bowed to the intimidation of financial terrorists , the Greek people took a stand and rejected the social vandalism of austerity , much to the annoyance of the “ markets. ” Christine Lagarde , the head of the IMF , let their veil slip when they declared that it was time for the Greek people to “ payback ” and warned them “ not to expect sympathy ” . The world 's media were shocked by their callous outburst . They need n't have been surprised , however , as cold-hearted arrogance is well within the tradition of this monstrous institution whose policies have spread poverty and hardship throughout the globe .
True to their economic fanaticism , Lagarde is capable only of acknowledging hard figures , while remaining totally oblivious to the destitution millions of people now face in Greece . And destitution is no exaggeration . It has been reported that many schools in the country are no longer able provide physical education because children are fainting in class as a result of hunger . In April , retired pharmacist Dimitris Christoulas shot themselves in the main square of Athens during morning rush hour after their pension was butchered by the fanatical austerity measures imposed on Greece by the Troika . Their suicide note read : “ And since my advanced age does not allow me a way of dynamically reacting… I see no other solution than this dignified end to my life , so I do n't find myself fishing through garbage cans for my sustenance. ” Later the same month in Athens , a university lecturer in their 30s hanged themselves from a lamp post , a young student shot themselves in the head and a priest took their own life by jumping off a balcony . One can only imagine the hopelessness these people experienced to be driven to these extremes . This is the human side of economics , beyond the endless chatter about “ the markets ” and those frustratingly dull , lifeless figures .
Before the Troika 's diktats , Greece had one of the lowest suicide rates in the world . Since then , it has doubled and is likely to continue to rise . The country has seen a 25 % increase in homelessness over the past three year and 1 in 11 people in Athens rely on soup kitchens for food . Thanasis Maniatisan , an economics professor at Athens University , told the Guardian that Greece faces “ a great humanitarian crisis , similar to that suffered in advanced economies during the 1930s. ” The society of an entire nation is collapsing as a direct result of the financial terrorism perpetrated by the Troika . Lagarde remains indifferent .
Back in March , ECB chief Mario Draghi revealed the sheer short sightedness and utter stupidity of the powerful when they boldly declared that “ the worst of the Euro crisis is over ” . The path of austerity they have chosen to travel tragically underline this folly . Their self-styled solutions merely attempt to resolve the symptoms of this crisis , rather than the causes . Such is their blind fanaticism .
The aim of Merkel 's Treaty is to minimise state debt and restrict public spending deficits . Although these issues were not the causes of the Great Recession , and tackling them will certainly not improve the situation as Greece has shown , the austerity gang insists on continuing on its failed path . Far from being a problem of the public sector , the current crisis was caused by the excesses of the private sector . Before the notorious bank guarantee , Ireland ran budget surpluses every year for the previous five years . Even the usually right-wing Economist magazine commented :
“ This fiscal focus gets things exactly backwards . Spain 's poor public finances , unlike those of Greece , are a symptom rather than the cause of the country 's economic woes . Before the crisis Spain was well within the euro zone 's fiscal rules . Even now its government debt , at around 70 % of GDP , is lower than Germany 's . As in Ireland , the origins of Spain 's debt problems are private , not public . ”
This crisis , particularly in Ireland , Spain and the United States , was caused by an uncontrolled housing boom , unregulated private banks and the 30-year long suppression of wages . The austerity zealots have turned a crisis of a runaway private sector into a crisis of public spending . This situation urgently needs reversed .
Doubtless , there are millions who would agree with Jack London 's character Ernest Everhard when they raged :
“ The capitalist class has mismanaged . In face of the facts that modern man lives more wretchedly than the cave-man , and that their producing power is a thousand times greater than that of the cave-man , no other conclusion is possible than that the capitalist class has mismanaged , that you have mismanaged , my masters , that you have criminally and selfishly mismanaged . ”
– This article was published in The Morning Star .
Advertisements
( Natural News ) All those lies about little green cyber Russians invading black voting boxes to sabotage the U.S. presidential election has had one crack exposed , according to Breitbart , who reports that the Associated Press ( AP ) has written a retraction concerning those 17 agencies who supposedly agreed that pesky Putin and friends had been busy usurping America . The AP printed this falsehood four times : April 6 , June 2 , June 26 and June 29 .
The AP , in its mea culpa issued June 30 , 2017 , states that the intelligence assessment was made after the three agencies — “ the FBI , CIA and National Security Agency . . . and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence [ DNI ] ” gathered the data . The DNI , says AP , “ represents all U.S. intelligence agencies ” and it was the DNI that published the information . The AP makes it clear in the retraction that “ not all 17 agencies were involved in reaching the assessment . ”
It 's comforting to know there was some dissent in the ranks . The news agency avoided using descriptive phrases like “ deep state ” and “ rogue elements , ” but that 's not in their vocabulary . This same false assessment was used by Mrs. Clinton in a testy exchange during the third presidential debate .
While these assessments were being crafted , the folks in charge of these three agencies included James Comey , the former and fired director of the FBI , John Brennan , an Obama appointee who ran the NSA and James Clapper , who holds the distinction of having been the fourth Director of National Intelligence . All these characters have colorful and obviously checkered pasts , but Mr. Clapper 's penchant for lying was made more obvious when they testified in front of Congress in 2013 , saying that the NSA did not collect data on all Americans , well maybe “ inadvertently , ” but certainly not “ wittingly. ” Is it just a nervous tic to scratch one 's head and peer downward while speaking to a member of Congress ?
As reported by Libertarian Institute , here is the transcript of that infamous exchange which is a stark example of perjury :
“ Wyden : Does the NSA collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans ?
Clapper : No sir .
Wyden : It does not ?
Clapper : Not wittingly . There are cases where they could , inadvertently perhaps , collect—but not wittingly . ”
The security apparatus has been in place for a few decades . After September 11 , 2001 the deep state 's vicious intent on destroying America was magnified a thousand-fold and our current illegal and ubiquitous security system was built . It 's been growing ever since , as have the anxiety levels of many Americans . The DNI did n't even exist before September 11 , 2001 . The FBI and the NSA did not openly share their information until after 9/11 . Edward Snowden risked all they had to make the American people wake up to the electronic surveillance gates surrounding them shortly after James Clapper lied to Senator Wyden .
It turns out that the AP is n't the only periodical that has retracted at least one portion of an intelligence assessment that many American believe is completely bogus . The disheveled New York Times issued its correction on June 29 , 2017 . Oh for the day when the sheeple will wake up and all the liars will be revealed .
Follow more on this topic at WhiteHouse.news .
Sources include :
Breitbart.com
Ap.org
YouTube.com
YouTube.com
LibertarianInstitute.org
YouTube.com
The newest offering from Prager University asks an interesting question . Why are there still Palestinian refugees and no Jewish refugees ?
Dumisani Washington of Christians United for Israel hosts the video and points out a number of facts which are frequently ignored by critics of Israel .
Israel 's population is extremely diverse . People of all colors , faiths and national backgrounds make up the population of the country and more than half of the people living there are from Arab countries .
After Israel gained its independence in 1948 , and was attacked by Arab countries , over 800,000 Jews fled Arab countries . Most went to Israel and the rest fled to western nations like the United States . They did not remain refugees for very long , however .
Yet seventy years later , there are still Palestinian refugees . Despite involvement from the United Nations and funding from the U.S. and other countries to the tune of a billion dollars a year , there are still Palestinian refugees in a region made up of Arab and non-Arab Muslim countries .
Jewish refugees received no financial support from the United Nations then and Israel gets none now , yet there are no Jewish refugees .
Here 's the official video description from the Prager University website :
Why Are There Still Palestinian Refugees ? It 's been seven decades since the 1948 Arab-Israeli , and yet there are still an estimated 4 million Palestinian refugees…and zero Jewish refugees . With so many nearby Arab allies of the Palestinians , how did this happen ? What does it say about Israel ? What does it say about its Arab neighbors ? Dumisani Washington , Diversity Outreach Coordinator for Christians United for Israel , explains .
Watch the video below :
Featured image via YouTube .
Cinema admissions in UK 1935-2011
In the 1930s , the cinema was one of the main forms of entertainment in the UK . During the war years , and post-war austerity of the 1940s , cinema-going reached a peak at over 1.64 billion admissions in 1946 .
After this postwar peak , there was a gradual decline in the 1950s , before a dramatic drop throughout the 1960s and 1970s .
By 1984 , annual cinema admissions had fallen to a low of just 54 million . It seemed a classic example of a product life cycle that was coming to the end .
However , just as people were writing the obituaries of the humble cinema , since 1984 there has been a notable turnaround in the popularity of the cinema , with annual attendances increasing to just under 180 million . It 's still a far cry from the 1940s , but it 's evidence that new technology does n't have to mean the end of ‘ traditional old media ' .
Why was Cinema so Popular in the 1940s ?
There were few other sources of entertainment . No TV , no internet . The cinema was the default choice for young people looking for some escapism .
In an era of little technology , going to the cinema with big screens was quite a visual feast and made a welcome escape from long hours on your daily job .
Why did The Cinema Decline so rapidly in the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s ?
The growth of TV ownership . People could watch films or other television for free .
With the growth of car ownership , people had greater choice of less traditional entertainment
After the 1970s , the growth of VHS and video rental nearly killed the cinema industry . It now became fashionable to stay at home , rent the movie of your choice and save the money of going to the cinema .
A remarkable turnaround since 1984
In 1984 , few would have predicted that cinemas would have made a strong recovery and that it would be video rental on the way out . Cinema attendance has continued to increase despite – rising prices , on-demand TV movie channels , the growth of internet movie downloads , and the growth of widescreen TVs which gives many people the opportunity to have a mini-cinema in their own house .
The revival of Cinema attendance since 1984 ?
Change in cultural preferences . People can download any film they want from the internet . But , in an era of spending most of your time on your personal computer , perhaps people like the opportunity to get out of the house and enjoy a film , without getting distracted by instant messages on your computer .
Cinema income elastic . The decline of the cinema in the 1970s seemed to be due to cheaper alternatives ( renting video from home ) . However , with rising incomes , the cost of going to the cinema is not really a deterrent . Even though the price of the cinema has increased above inflation , demand has continued to rise . £7 is still considered cheap for an evening 's entertainment .
The growth of multiplex cinemas which are easily accessible by car and also offer a wider choice of films .
New technology . Digital cinema screens and 3D screens have offered a new dimension to going to the cinema .
There has been an even bigger growth in the wider movie market . DVD sales and online films have grown even faster than cinema attendance . Cinemas have benefited from the growth in the movie market .
Inflation Busting Price Increases
Turnover
UK Cinema turnover has grown from just over £400m in 1995 , to £1.3bn in 2010 .
Other notes about Cinemas and the Movie Market
The DVD market represented 56 percent of total movie spending in 2006 at £1,655m .
The second biggest market is pay TV , with an estimated £673m spent in subscription fees to Premium Movie channels ( Sky ) .
The UK cinema market is being dominated by three major UK exhibitors , Cineworld , Odeon UCI , and Vue . In total , they account for over 70 % of the total market box office receipts and 60 % of screens . ( An example of Oligopoly with a three-firm concentration ratio of 70 % )
The rest of the market is represented by smaller multiplex operators and independents which tend to operate non-multiplex cinemas ( less than five screens ) . ( Cineworld )
The film with the greatest earning is Skyfall ( over £100m by Jan 2012 ) . Beating Avatar into number 2 , and Toy Story 3 in third place .
Related
UK Cinema takes £1bn in 2011 at BBC
Dear supporters and friends ,
My name is Jon Cox and I write , sing , and play guitar for Mother Moses . We are an Indie Rock band out of Boston and we 've spent the last 3 years building our band . Thanks to the music community in Boston we 've forged relationships with amazing bands , engineers , and fans who have helped us tour on the east coast , record an album , and perform all over the city . We want to take things to the next level with the second album .
We need your help to make our second record , Traveling Glass , and we have some great rewards in place for those that donate . As an independent artist it can take a lot to keep a band moving . Any money we make goes right back into paying for tour expenses , merchandise , recording costs .. etc . With your help we 'll be able to make the high quality product we are imagining .
I 've spent the last two years writing these songs and I ca n't wait to release them ! We 're going to release the first half of the album as an EP which is almost finished . With your help we are hoping to make this record more dynamic than the first . It 's going to have bigger arrangements , more musicians , and , thanks to your help , the professional sound of a studio recording .
`` What 's in it for you ? ''
We are so grateful to have this help ! ! If you Donate we are offering various rewards from albums , t-shirts , posters , hammocks and some higher level rewards such as a private house show , learning a cover song of your choice , and even cooking you dinner . We will even cook you and your guests DINNER ! !
`` What your money is going towards ''
10 full days in the studio = $ 2,500
= $ 2,500 Recording engineer = $ 1,000 = $ 6,000
= $ 1,000 = $ 6,000 Mixing and mastering = $ 1,000
= $ 1,000 Packaging and distribution = $ 1,500
We are going to release the first half of the album as an EP in August , 2015 followed by an east coast tour . The full album will be released 6 months after the EP in February 2016 .
The video game voice actor strike has been suspended after Screen Actors Guild and American Foundation of Television and Radio Artists ( SAG-AFTRA ) reached a tentative agreement with the companies they were striking against . The strike started in October 2016 , seeking better working conditions as well as better pay and more awareness of roles they were accepting . Perhaps the most visible consequence of the strike has been Life Is Strange 's prequel Before The Storm switching voice actor for its protagonist , but the strike has affected eleven companies and many more games.Targets of the strike included Electronic Arts , Warner Bros. Games , Activision , and several voiceover production companies who are used by other studios . SAG-AFTRA members went on strike against all games the companies had entered production on since February 2015 . Not all games companies were struck against , mind , and not all voice actors are unionised . Before The Storm 's use of strikebreakers was obvious due to replacing a known actor who voiced a main character ( Chloe 's original actor , Ashly Burch , did still legitimately work on the game as a script consultant ) , but we do n't know quite how many games also did before the companies capitulated .
SAG-AFTRA 's proposals include pay increases , royalty payments , and shorter sessions when recording vocally stressful parts to reduce damage . Their demands are not met in full but the new agreement they 'll run under has been tentatively accepted , and will be reviewed by the SAG-AFTRA National Board at its October meeting .
Along with new bonus payments and a loose plan for employers to “ to continue working with SAG-AFTRA on the issue of vocal stress ” , part of the new agreement is giving actors a better idea of what the roles they 're taking even involve .
“ The new transparency provisions will enhance the bargaining power of our members ' representatives by requiring the companies to disclose the code name of project , its genre , whether the game is based on previously published intellectual property and whether the performer is reprising a prior role , ” chief contracts officer Ray Rodriguez said in yesterday 's announcement . “ Members are also protected by the disclosure of whether they will be required to use unusual terminology , profanity or racial slurs , whether there will be content of a sexual or violent nature and whether stunts will be required . ”
It is wild that previously actors might not know those details in advance .
While the deal is not fully settled , SAG-AFTRA members are again able to work for companies they had been striking against .
Donald Trump has been intermittently bashing Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly since last summer . Their followers have done the same , tweeting misogynistic messages at them as Trump has continued to rail against them Plenty in the industry have spoken out against their Kelly smear campaign , and some have been conspicuously silent .
After the events of this afternoon , Fox News is no longer among those being quiet . Today , Trump took to Twitter to continue harassing the lawyer and mother of three , calling them “ sick ” and demanding a boycott of their extremely popular and well-respected show :
Everybody should boycott the @ megynkelly show . Never worth watching . Always a hit on Trump ! They are sick , & the most overrated person on tv . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) March 18 , 2016
RELATED : Mediaite 's Concha : Trump 's Megyn Kelly Obsession Now at ‘ Stage 5 Stalker Status '
This came only three days after they retweeted fans who were saying disparaging things about Kelly . They called them “ Crazy Megyn . ”
Read the statement from Fox here :
Donald Trump 's vitriolic attacks against Megyn Kelly and their extreme , sick obsession with them is beneath the dignity of a presidential candidate who wants to occupy the highest office in the land . Megyn is an exemplary journalist and one of the leading anchors in America — we 're extremely proud of their phenomenal work and continue to fully support them throughout every day of Trump 's endless barrage of crude and sexist verbal assaults . As the mother of three young children , with a successful law career and the second highest rated show in cable news , it 's especially deplorable for them to be repeatedly abused just for doing their job .
This is not the first time Fox News has lashed out via statement at Trump for doing something ostensibly anti-Kelly , either . When the business mogul crowdsourced a decision on whether or not they should attend a debate that they were moderating , they bit back quickly .
This feud is n't going away anytime soon .
[ image via screengrab ]
For more from Lindsey , follow them on Twitter .
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
If you listen to the Toronto Raptors long enough , regardless of who is talking , it is the same slow pitched whine about LeBron James , as if they did n't realize LeBron James has been to six straight NBA Finals . Yes , they are extraordinary . LeBron has played in 25 straight playoff series . They have won 22 and lost 3 . In those three losses , two were in six games ( Mavericks , Warriors ) , one was in five games ( Spurs ) . They have lost in the playoffs . But to beat them a great game plan was needed , so was fantastic coaching , versatile personnel , toughness in the paint and on the boards , exceptional shot making and confidence .
Confidence is in short supply in Toronto . The Raptors spend a lot of time moaning and groaning about their bleak situation and maybe that is all they have left . Inner denial , outward finger pointing .
Truthfully , the Raptors have taken a step back . At least last year they ripped off two games against the Cavs . Now it looks like the Cavs are toying with them . In Game 3 , the Raptors were outrebounded by 25 . Rebounding is all about effort , hustle and want to . The Raptors shot 11 % from three . That was at home in a must win game when everything was on the line .
LeBron took 16 shots in game 3 . The rest of the Cavs took 60 shots . The Raptors defense on the “ others ” was a version of the regular season fourth night of a five game road trip . Bored , blase , disinterested was the rule of the day . The rest of the Cavs not named LeBron shot 50 % .
As for the Raptors , those not named DeMar DeRozan shot 40 % in game 3 . The bench scored 9 points , 21 points less than the Cavs bench . The margin of victory was 21 points .
Blame LeBron , blame Kyle Lowry 's injury , blame Dwane Casey , but the bottom line is this : the Cavs have made 45 threes in three games . They are shooting 50 % from the perimeter . The Raptors have made 17 threes in three games , shooting 27 % . The 28 more threes per game by the Cavaliers translates into 84 additional points , not to mention fast break buckets when those Raptors threes brick long .
The Cavaliers made more threes in game two ( 18 ) than the Raptors have made all series . None of this is reinventing the wheel . The Cavs were the second best three point shooting team in 2016-17 , better than the Warriors who were third . The Cavs made the second most threes per game ( 13 ) . Only the Rockets made more with 14.2 threes per game .
On the other hand , the Raptors made 8.7 threes per game in the regular season , which was in the bottom 20 % of the league . They took 24 per game , also nearing rock bottom . Their 24 threes per game were 9 fewer than the Cavs and 16 fewer than the leader , the Rockets .
Because the Raptors have been a below average three point defense all year long , this was predictable . They are getting blistered .
The roster Masai Ujiri built did n't have LeBron James in mind . Their best offensive player , DeMar DeRozan , does n't make threes . As great a scorer as DeRozan is , it is a huge hole in their game . Their idol Kobe Bryant , who they watched and patterned their game after , was n't Ray Allen out there but in their seventh year Bryant made 124 threes . In this , their eighth year , DeRozan took 124 threes and made 33 .
It puts the Raptors at a huge disadvantage whomever they play . They do n't have the ability to space the floor . Good defenses like the Cavs can guard DeRozan . They have the athleticism to stay in front of them and contest their shot . They are taking the shots the Cavs want them to take . They ca n't pull up from three and jack a shot whenever they want . The Cavs are taking full advantage of their weakness .
And so the Raptors are on their last gasp of oxygen . It is DeRozan or it is nothing since Lowry is out . But the Raptors were n't going to beat the Cavs anyway . To do that you need scorers . Lots of them . It is how Dallas beat LeBron . And then San Antonio . And two years ago , Golden State .
Want to beat the Cavs Masai Ujiri ? Load up on three point shot makers . Stop complaining about LeBron . ( And fire Dwane Casey ) .
photo via llananba
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs !
For unlimited access to the best local , national , and international news and much more , try an Access Digital subscription :
We hope you have enjoyed your trial ! To continue reading , we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership . Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
* Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months : $ 0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months , $ 5.99/month for months 4 - 6 , $ 10.99/month for months 7 - 9 , $ 13.99/month for months 10 - 12 . Standard All Access Digital rate of $ 16.99/month begins after first year .
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs !
For unlimited access to the best local , national , and international news and much more , try an Access Digital subscription :
We hope you have enjoyed your trial ! To continue reading , we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership . Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article .
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs !
For unlimited access to the best local , national , and international news and much more , try an Access Digital subscription :
We hope you have enjoyed your trial ! To continue reading , we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership . Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article .
True North had until Sunday , Feb. 15 to finalize a development agreement and purchase price for 220 Carlton St. , the now-vacant parcel of land north of the convention centre that is key to the company 's mega-project for a series of hotel , condo and office towers surrounding a massive public square in the area between MTS Centre and the convention centre .
“ Because of all the stuff that 's happened , ( True North ) said they need more time , ” Vossen said Friday , adding they remain hopeful the deal will be finalized .
Curt Vossen , chairperson of CentreVenture , said True North requested and was given the six-week extension following Mark Chipman 's public outburst last week .
The True North proposal for a $ 400 million downtown development project remains in play after the firm was granted a six-week extension to a deadline that comes due on Sunday .
Hey there , time traveller ! This article was published 13/2/2015 ( 1474 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 13/2/2015 ( 1474 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
The True North proposal for a $ 400 million downtown development project remains in play after the firm was granted a six-week extension to a deadline that comes due on Sunday .
Curt Vossen , chairperson of CentreVenture , said True North requested and was given the six-week extension following Mark Chipman 's public outburst last week .
`` Because of all the stuff that 's happened , ( True North ) said they need more time , '' Vossen said Friday , adding they remain hopeful the deal will be finalized .
True North had until Sunday , Feb. 15 to finalize a development agreement and purchase price for 220 Carlton St. , the now-vacant parcel of land north of the convention centre that is key to the company 's mega-project for a series of hotel , condo and office towers surrounding a massive public square in the area between MTS Centre and the convention centre .
The extension of the deadline was made at the request of Chipman , chairperson of True North , following their strong condemnation of mayor Brian Bowman and their allegations that the owners of the NHL Jets had acted improperly in securing an exclusive option for the 220 Carlton St. property .
Vossen , CEO of Richardson International , said they do n't know if True North will proceed with the project , but added the new March 30 deadline will allow Bowman the time necessary to make amends with Chipman .
`` I have no indication whether ( True North ) thinks that is an indication it 's positive , negative , neutral — they said , ‘ we need more time given what 's happened . ' So we said sure , '' Vossen said . `` I think they 've got to get together , the mayor and True North . This has been played out very publicly , people have been offended , hopefully people can come together and talk this through and do whatever they need to do to mend fences or come to a general conclusion as to how it can be moved forward or come to a conclusion that it ca n't be moved forward . ''
Winnipeg - Proposed True North Square screen grabs from video shown earlier this month at True North news conference where chairperson Mark Chipman shared details of their company 's $ 400-million plan to build two towers and a public square on a Manitoba Public Insurance-owned surface-parking lot at 225 Carlton St. and a third tower on the CentreVenture-owned Carlton Inn site at 220 Carlton St .
A spokesperson for Chipman said they would not comment on True North 's commitment to the project or deal with any questions surrounding the six-week extension to the Feb. 15 deadline .
Vossen said he 's hopeful that Bowman and council will also use that time to reconsider their decision to tie a $ 3.75 million transfer to CentreVenture , requiring it to break its exclusive deal with True North and formally invite other developers to propose projects for 220 Carlton St .
But right now , that 's not going to happen . Bowman said earlier this week that CentreVenture is free to complete its deal with True North — but without the $ 3.75 million .
Want to get a head start on your day ? Get the day 's breaking stories , weather forecast , and more sent straight to your inbox every morning .
Vossen said CentreVenture was counting on the $ 3.75 million to make up the difference between the $ 7 million it invested in the purchase and demolition of the former Carlton Inn and what it 's likely to get back in a sale of the now vacant land to True North – which they estimated to be somewhere between $ 4 million to $ 5 million .
Vossen said CentreVenture can proceed without the $ 3.75 million — which came from the negotiated penalty paid by the convention centre expansion contractor , Stuart Olson , for failing to bring a hotel to the Carlton Street property as was required .
But without that money , Vossen said , it would financially hamper CentreVenture to do other deals downtown .
Vossen said that CentreVenture only bought the Carlton Inn property at the request of former mayor Sam Katz and former chief administrative officer Phil Sheegl , who wanted a hotel built there to complement the convention centre expansion .
`` The longer we carry and service that debt ( to purchase 220 Carlton ) , that reduces your ability to do other things , '' Vossen said , adding if the deal with True North results in a hotel being built then CentreVenture should get the $ 3.75 million .
aldo.santin @ freepress.mb.ca
Billionaire liberal activist Tom Steyer hopes to shame GOP presidential candidates over their climate change skepticism in the 2016 campaign .
They are also seeking to tie Republicans to their arch foes : Charles and David Koch , the billionaire brothers who spent more than $ 100 million in the 2014 midterms behind GOP candidates opposed to environmental regulations .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ With each dollar that they 're spending , they 're building a political system that is responsive to their economic bottom line — not the majority of the people , not the will of the people , ” Chris Lehane , Steyer 's top strategist , told reporters on Monday as they rolled out NextGen 's initial 2016 strategy .
“ And , in effect , the Kochs and their allies are creating what we see as a new political party . Instead of the Grand Old Party , the Republicans now have a new Koch Republican Party , the party of Big Oil . ”
The Koch brothers effort in 2014 was successful . The GOP gained seats in the House and took back the Senate , making Sen. Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE ( R-Ky. ) the majority leader .
One of McConnell 's first actions in setting the Senate 's schedule was to move legislation requiring President Obama to approve the Keystone pipeline . Obama vetoed the measure after it was sent to them by the GOP Congress , but the effort signaled a change in Washington .
In the 2014 cycle , Steyer spent $ 74 million while NextGen kicked in $ 11 million , mostly on losing candidates .
Steyer hopes to recover from the 2014 beating to help Democrats retain the White House and possibly take back the Senate in 2016 , when Republicans face a more difficult map . The GOP is defending 24 seats in 2016 compared to 10 for Democrats .
Lehane said they are honing the lessons they learned in the 2014 midterm elections to inform their strategy for 2016 .
The initial effort , launched Monday with a video , is being dubbed the “ Hot Seat. ” It 's the first NextGen campaign to feature its dual priorities of highlighting GOP candidates ' climate skepticism and their links to the Kochs .
“ The Hot Seat will really seek to turn the nearly a billion dollars that stands between our kids and the solution on climate as an oil barrel tied to the ankles of the Koch Republicans by shining a spotlight on the Koch Republicans , disrupting the Koch Republicans , engaging young voters and localizing the issue , ” Lehane said .
NextGen is targeting Sen. Rand Paul Randal ( Rand ) Howard PaulThe Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE ( R-Ky. ) , who is expected to announce their candidacy this week , and Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker ( R-Wis. ) , another GOP White House contender .
Staffers for the group will bring a lie detector kit to Paul 's presidential announcement on Tuesday and ask them to answer whether they believe that humans are significantly contributing to climate change .
NextGen will also follow Walker in their upcoming European tour to pressure them to endorse or reject the climate policies of some of the nations they visit .
“ By the end of the tour , he 'll either have answered the questions or be in a position , we believe , where their tour will be compared with Chevy Chase 's European vacation , ” Lehane said , referring to the 1985 “ National Lampoon ” movie .
The group is framing the next election as a choice between “ big oil , ” which wants to further its agenda at the expense of the planet , and a future based on renewable energy and reducing carbon emissions .
“ This election represents an electoral crossroads , ” Lehane said . “ With the window closing on the time we have to address climate change for our kids , 2016 represents the last best chance to move the politics on this issue . ”
In 2014 , Steyer worked to make climate a top issue of the election . But , in the end , only two Steyer-supported Senate candidates won : Sens . Gary Peters Gary Charles PetersDems seeking path to Senate majority zero-in on Sun Belt Lawmakers push to award Aretha Franklin the Congressional Gold Medal Congress sends bill renewing anti-terrorism program to Trump MORE ( D-Mich. ) and Jeanne Shaheen Cynthia ( Jeanne ) Jeanne ShaheenCongress must step up to protect Medicare home health care Dems slam EPA plan for fighting drinking water contaminants Bipartisan Senators reintroduce legislation to slap new sanctions on Russia MORE ( D-N.H. ) .
But Steyer and their advisers maintain they still succeeded in bringing climate to the forefront .
The Michigan and New Hampshire races also showed the potential of two NextGen strategies that it will carry over to 2016 : localizing environmental issues and labeling candidates as stand-ins for the Kochs , whose corporate holdings include oil exploration , transportation and refining .
Last year , Steyer was compared to the Kochs and labeled as a Democratic answer to them .
The activists resist the comparison , and Lehane tried to frame the comparison Monday as more of an effort to neutralize the Kochs , whose network of political influence said that it plays to spend $ 889 million in the 2016 race .
Unlike last year , Steyer is n't committing to any dollar figures yet . Lehane only promised that Steyer “ will spend what it takes , ” and said the stakes are much higher in a presidential race than the midterms .
NextGen also plans to get involved in Senate races and in both the primary and general presidential elections .
Lehane spoke almost exclusively about the Republican field , though they expressed support for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE , who is expected to be the top Democratic contender .
They declined to say how Steyer and NextGen will be involved with Democrats and Clinton , but said “ there will certainly be more to come that may relate to that specific question . ”
Environmentalists have generally supported Clinton , though they have been frustrated that they have not taken a position on construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline .
Kevin McKenna is back – almost .
The 33-year-old center back ( above ) needed surgery earlier this year for what some feared could be a career-ending knee injury . But six months later , the Calgary native finally found themselves back on the matchday roster for FC Koln , making the bench for their league match last Friday .
McKenna , who has worn the captain 's armband in many of their 63 appearances for Canada , did n't see the field . But after playing several reserve-squad matches in the past few weeks , McKenna seems set for a return to 2 . Bundesliga play . Now the question becomes , is a return to Les Rouges also in the cards ?
Another veteran whose national-team status is in limbo is Olivier Occean , even if their club performance suggests they could help the goal-starved Canadian side . Occean scored their third goal of the season for FC Kaiserslautern on Saturday , in a 3-2 loss to Dynamo Dresden .
Tosaint Ricketts also got on the scoresheet this week , notching the winner for Bucaspor ( his fourth of the season ) in a 3-2 victory at Adanaspor on Sunday .
After a resounding introduction to Oldham Athletic last week , 18-year-old midfielder Michael Petrasso came back to Earth this weekend , coming on as a second-half substitute in a 1-1 vs. Bradford City on Sunday .
Petrasso was just one of a number of Canadians who came on as second-half subs for their clubs this weekend , a group that includes Andre Hainault ( VfR Aalen ) , Marcel de Jong ( FC Augsburg ) , Iain Hume ( Preston North End ) and Caleb Clarke , who returned to the pitch for FC Augsburg II after a one-week absence due to illness .
Samuel Piette also returned to their club after a brief absence ( a one-game suspension for a red card ) , playing the full 90 for Fortuna Dusseldorf II in a 4-2 win over Schalke 04 II Saturday . Piette 's old teammate from the 2011 U-17 World Cup , Daniel Stanese , also went the distance for FC Augsburg II in a scoreless draw vs. Heimstetten .
Simeon Jackson appears to be rebounding after a difficult start to the season with Eintracht Braunschweig . They started and played 59 minutes on Saturday in a 2-0 loss to Bayern Munich . Julian de Guzman had a similar weekend for Skoda Xanthi , playing 57 minutes on Sunday and picking up a yellow card along the way in a 0-0 draw at Panionios .
Atiba Hutchinson also picked up a yellow on the weekend , during their full-90 performance for Besiktas in Saturday 's showdown against archrivals Fenerbahçe , which ended in a 3-3 draw . Pedro Pacheco , meanwhile , put in their customary full-game shift for CD Santa Clara , though a 1-0 loss to Tondela was the club 's sixth straight and leaves them sitting second from the bottom in the 22-team Segunda Liga .
David Edgar played the first half for Burnley in their 2-1 loss at Huddersfield Town on Saturday , while Daniel Haber came on in the 71st minute for Apollon Limassol in a 2-0 win Monday at AEK Larnaca that saw them regain the top spot in Cyprus .
Reporting by Shukan Bunshun ( a weekly tabloid magazine ) last week , which alleged Economic Revitalization Minister Akira Amari was involved in a cash-for-favors bribery scandal , led to Japan 's “ TPP Chief ” resigning from the Cabinet on Thursday . Amari explained , “ Out of respect for my duty as a Cabinet member and to take moral responsibility as a politician , I have decided to resign from the ministerial post today . ”
Amari was made responsible for Japan 's economic and fiscal policy under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe when the second Abe Cabinet was convened in 2012 . They have been a key player pushing Abe 's economic agenda , including “ Abenomics ” domestically and the mammoth Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) trade deal internationally .
The Shukan Bunshun article alleged that Amari and their aides received illegal donations from a construction company in return for mediating negotiations between the company and Urban Renaissance Agency ( UR ) , a semi-public housing developer fully funded by the central and local governments . The article accused Amari and their aides of accepting funds and entertainment from the construction company worth a total of 12 million yen ( $ 100,000 ) .
These allegations are based on testimony from Takeshi Isshiki , a worker for the Chiba-based construction company . In their tell-all account to Shukan Bunshun , they appear frustrated that the aides accepted their favors without really trying to facilitate a negotiation with UR . A UR official said a week ago that they were not influenced by Amari during the negotiations , but are still investigating the situation .
Amari has admitted to receiving 500,000 yen ( $ 4,000 ) in cash in November 2013 and another 500,000 yen in cash in February 2014 . However , according to Amari , these funds are aboveboard , as they were properly recorded as political donations ( though there was a delay in reporting the November 2013 cash infusion until 2014 ) . Amari insists that their actions were in compliance with the Political Funds Control Law . More importantly , they also deny that they were involved in negotiations between the construction company and UR .
However , one of their aides received 5 million yen ( $ 42,000 ) from the construction company and spent 3 million of it personally ( not properly reporting the sum as political funds ) . Two other aides were wined and dined by a member of the construction company . Amari 's resignation is to take political responsibility for their aide 's improper actions , but they have made clear they do not believe their own actions were improper .
This explanation about their aide 's behavior is based on an independent , third-party investigation – though new details could still emerge as the Democratic Party of Japan , the opposition , prepares to further investigate Isshiki 's claims .
There are multiple reasons for Amari to resign now .
First , as they explain it , “ Japan is finally emerging from deflation . We need to pass legislation through parliament for steps to beat deflation and create a strong economy as soon as possible . Anything that hampers this must be eliminated , and I 'm no exception . I , therefore , would like to resign as minister to take responsibility. ” Valuable time during the Diet 's question-and-answer sessions could be squandered by the opposition hounding after Amari 's resignation .
Second , there is an important political dynamic , as the ruling Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) heads to the polls this summer for the triennial Upper House elections . If Amari 's scandal drags on , it could negatively affect the public 's image of Abe , for appointing and , worse , retaining a corrupt politician . That would be problematic at any time , but it is particularly troublesome this year . It was in the best interest of the party for Amari to resign as quickly as possible – once it became clear they could not sidestep the allegations – so that they will have sufficient time to rehabilitate their image .
However , Amari 's resignation is not a cure-all . There will , indeed , be less time being wasted by the opposition interrogating Amari , but the significant rupture their departure will cause to the legislative process could also throw off the government 's plan for finalizing important economic policies this spring . To give just one example , Amari is the only Cabinet minister who knows all the background information on the secretive TPP negotiations ; their successor will have to deal with explaining the TPP to the public while learning about its many intricate details on the fly .
An economic policy of particular political significance is the expansion of agricultural subsidies to assist farmers . These policies are important to quiet farmers ' fears because the LDP is still dependent on electoral districts where the agricultural vote can be a determining factor . Amari clearly hopes their resignation will speed up the process by which subsidies will be approved ( ideally , being finalized before the summer Upper House elections ) , but this gamble could backfire .
Yomiuri Shimbun also reports that “ The foundation of Abenomics could be shaken , ” because Amari was a critical mediator between Abe 's “ reflationary ” economic philosophy and the fiscal discipline of Taro Aso and the finance ministry . Amari was more sympathetic to the prime minister 's vision of spurring the Japanese economy back to life through pro-growth policies and increased spending ( and adept at brokering compromise between Abe and the finance ministry ) .
Aware of such costs , and before all the details come to light from Amari 's side , Abe had expressed their hope that Amari would stay on .
Still , the signing of the TPP in New Zealand will go forward on February 4 , though ratification of the 12-nation trade deal in the Japanese Diet is likely to be delayed . Nobuteru Ishihara , the LDP 's secretary-general , will succeed Amari and attend the TPP 's signing ceremony next week .
What has not worked is government mandates , and especially politicization .
Learning how to use a pellet rifle in Juneau , Alaska , in 2012 . ( Photo11 : Michael Penn , Juneau Empire via AP )
Gun owners devote enormous resources to preventing unintentional firearm injuries . We do n't call them “ accidents , ” which suggests no one is at fault . Instead we say “ unintentional ” and “ negligent , ” placing responsibility on the negligent party . Gun safety is part of our culture .
Current training teaches a layered approach to gun safety around kids . Restricting access is only one layer . Avoidance training begins as soon as a child can understand . Eventually , we expand training to our kids ' friends and their parents . This works . Unintentional firearms deaths have been cut in half over the past 20 years , a story that news coverage has missed . Unintentional shootings that do n't happen do n't get covered . The relatively few tragedies make the headlines .
What has not worked is government mandates , and especially politicization .
Responsible gun owners store guns safely . Defining “ safely ” belongs to the adult closest to the question . “ Safe ” storage laws tend toward one-size-fits-all solutions that do n't work everywhere .
Questioning parents about guns before allowing children to visit seems well-intentioned but smacks of shaming , unless concerned parents also ask about safe storage of cleaning supplies and medications , pool fencing and car safety . All of those hazards kill far more kids than guns .
“ Smart gun ” technology sounds most promising to those who know least about guns . Current digital technology does not translate well to the analog environment of a gun , especially a defensive gun . Not to mention the problem of retrofitting the hundreds of millions of guns already in circulation . Mandates such as the one New Jersey legislated to require all guns to be “ smart guns ” once one such gun reaches the market amount to backdoor gun bans .
Public service announcements can be effective — if they are not political .
Nobody is more concerned about kids and gun safety than responsible gun owners . Let 's work together — without political posturing — to build on what has worked so far .
Jeff Knox and Chris Knox run The Firearms Coalition , an information and analysis group focused on supporting grassroots advocacy efforts .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1TmmLcU
HaxBall News
Changes :
Players ping is now visible next to their nicks in the room player list .
Player names in the room players list are now left aligned and the player list is slightly wider .
Hardware acceleration setting is ignored if you are using Chrome + Pepper Flash . ( For some reason wmode=direct seems to be slower and causes lag in the new flash player used by Chrome )
About the ping being displayed :
It correlates to the first of the two values shown in the bottom right of the screen . ( eg Ping : This / NotThis ) .
/ NotThis ) . It is less precise than the value players see in their bottom right . It will increment in steps of 16 milliseconds .
For everyone but the host the displayed ping value will update once every 2 seconds . The host sees the ping changes as soon as they happen .
The ping will appear in recorded replays , but it will also update only once every 2 seconds .
That 's it for now , more updates to come soon .
Enjoy !
Justified Season 4 Teasers : Your Greatest Enemy May Be Standing Right In Front Of You By Jesse Carp Random Article Blend It was n't that long ago that we last saw Timothy Olyphant on FX thanks to a great cameo on the network 's fantasy football comedy The League but it does n't really compare to getting to see the actor grace the small screen in their ten gallon as U.S. Deputy Marshall Raylan Givens . The Season 3 finale of Justified was months ago and it feels like forever since we last saw Elmore Leonard 's lawman touting their shotgun in an attempt to clean up their childhood home of Harlan Country .
The wait is almost over as FX has scheduled the fourth season of Justified to premiere just after the new year on January 8 which means it 's past time the network started promoting . There have only been a few short teases released so far but they perfectly capture the mood , atmosphere and tone of the hard boiled series . This first tease is called `` Headlights '' and , according to FX , `` In Harlan County , your greatest enemy may be standing right in front of you '' ...
Yeah . Just seeing Raylan 's silhouette strut towards Boyd gives me chills and makes the month wait for the premiere seem even longer . And if that tease was n't good enough , take a look at `` Muzzle '' because `` In Harlan County , there 's no still in the night . '' Okay , forget the cryptic captions from FX , the spot is just plain rad with them playing a messed up game of gun flash hide and seek . `` Hey Boyd . ''
Justified Season 4 premieres on Tuesday , January 8 at 10 p.m . ET on FX . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
By
Do you want to hear Hillary Clinton 's robotic voice blaming everyone for their epic 2016 election loss ? Well , you can fork over $ 1,200 to do so !
The former Secretary of State is going on a 15-city tour to promote their new book “ What Happened. ” To sit in the audience and hear their prattle on about Russians , Macedonians , WikiLeaks , Alex Jones and sexism , you will need to dole out as much as $ 1,200 for a single ticket .
According to the tour 's website , which includes Wisconsin , you can listen to how Clinton “ coped with a shocking and devastating. ” The website promises Clinton will share election stories “ with humor and candor. ” Has anyone ever heard Clinton try to be funny ? It 's nauseating ( like this one ) .
Here is a rundown of what 's going to happen :
“ With humor and candor , they tell readers what it took to get back on their feet — the rituals , relationships , and reading that got them through , and what the experience has taught them about life . They speak about the challenges of being a strong woman in the public eye , the criticism over their voice , age , and appearance , and the double standard confronting women in politics . “ She lays out how the 2016 election was marked by an unprecedented assault on our democracy by a foreign adversary . By analyzing the evidence and connecting the dots , Hillary shows just how dangerous the forces were that shaped the outcome , and why Americans need to understand them to protect our values and our democracy in the future . ”
The tour begins Sept. 18 in Washington , D.c. and will continue to cities including Toronto , Florida , Illinois , Pennsylvania and Oregon . For $ 1,200 , you get two front-row tickets and a free copy of their book ( but it wo n't be autographed ) .
Who would be a sucker to go to this event ?
Bad Religion have announced a new headlining tour for this Spring featuring Against Me ! and Polar Bear Club . This tour is going to smaller venues than I believe are fit for this tour so pick up tickets fast !
3/8 | OC Fair & Event Center | Costa Mesa , CA
3/9 | Soma | San Diego , CA
3/12 | Backstage Live | San Antonio , TX
3/13 | House of Blues | Houston , TX
3/14 | House of Blues | Dallas , TX
3/16 | The Ritz Ybor | Tampa , FL
3/17 | House of Blues | Orlando , FL
3/19 | The Masquerade | Atlanta , GA
3/20 | War Memorial Auditorium | Nashville , TN
3/22 | 9:30 Club | Washington , DC
3/23 | The Welmont Theater | Montclair , NJ
3/24 | Electric Factory | Philadelphia , PA
3/26 | Terminal 5 | New York , NY
3/28 | House of Blues | Boston , MA
3/29 | State Theater | Portland , ME
3/30 | Metropolis | Montreal , QC
3/31 | Kool Haus | Toronto , ON
4/2 | Saint Andrews Hall | Detroit , MI
4/4 | Newport Music Hall | Columbus , OH
4/5 | Congress Theater | Chicagox IL
4/6 | Pops Nightclub | Saugetx IL
4/8 | Granada Theater | Lawrence , KS
4/10 | The Filmore | Denver , CO
4/11 | In The Venue | Salt Lake City , UT
4/13 | Vogue Theater | Vancouver , BC
4/14 | Roseland Theater | Portland , OR
4/15 | Shadowbox SoDo | Seattle , WA
4/18 | Hollywod Palladium | Hollywood , CA
4/20 | TBD | Phoenix , AZ
Did the Minnesota Vikings just somehow end up with three of the 20 best guys in the entire draft ? How did this happen ? I 'm still trying to shake off the E.J Manuel pick .
Let 's try this again : The Vikings were the winner of Day 1 . Anyone who disagrees needs to be banned from football . They did a spectacular job of bringing in talent .
I 'm not as crazy about Sharrif Floyd as most people , but they were a projected top-five pick . And the Vikings got them all the way at No . 23 . This would basically be the equivalent of Matt Kalil falling into the mid-20s last year . It 's incredible value .
Xavier Rhodes fills their biggest need at cornerback , which is good considering that by the end of last season , their cornerbacks were either invisible or just so bad that they could n't stay on screen with opposing receivers .
Finally , I ca n't say enough about the Cordarrelle Patterson pick . He 's a stud . They have all of the physical tools to be a great NFL receiver , and pairing them with Greg Jennings gives the Vikings a much-improved receiving corps even without Percy Harvin ( who , really , was a lot more trouble than they were worth ) .
And the Vikings got all three of these guys ? When was the last time a team got three studs in one first round ? Heck , when was the last time a team got three guys in the first round period ?
There was no top-five pick for the Vikings . They had three shots in the 20s and hit all of them out of the park . Say what you will about giving up all of those later picks , but the Vikings were a playoff team in 2013 and decided to go all in . Personally , I do n't blame them . The results were that good .
I like what St. Louis did , and the Steelers lucked out with Jarvis Jones at No . 17 , but the Vikings won Day 1 , and frankly , it was n't particularly close . Who cares if they miss out on all of the Day 2 fun ?
Hoping to rally the worldwide development community around the Internet of Things and drive business to its cloud services as well , IBM has launched a community space for programmers to write software to connect remote devices to back-end cloud systems .
The site , called DeveloperWorks Recipes , provides a base for developers to learn about how IoT systems work and how to create code to run these systems .
This is the second community site that IBM has set up in the past month . Last week , the company established DeveveloperWorks Open , to help developers collaborate on building open source business software .
Internet of Things is shorthand for the many smart sensors and embedded computers that are being connected to the Internet , to accomplish tasks such as remotely controlling the temperature in homes , or monitoring the conditions of bridges .
This year , 4.9 billion connected devices will be in operation , and the number of connected devices will balloon to 25 billion by 2020 , according to Gartner . All of these devices will need software in some form , and many will connect with back-end cloud services .
The site offers a series of tutorials , hosted on IBM 's Bluemix set of platform services , for embedding analytics and machine learn capabilities into IoT systems .
One tutorial demonstrates how to understand data generated by automobile on-board diagnostic systems , which can be used to troubleshoot vehicle performance issues .
Another tutorial offers step-by-step instructions on linking machines to IBM 's asset management system , which could be used to monitor a wide range of things , such as household appliances or railroad car wheels .
IBM also provides a set of tools to link IoT systems to its Bluemix platform , which could offer services to hook into IT systems , services such as data storage , predictive modeling and geospatial analytics .
One company that has already been using the Bluemix services is u-blox , a Swiss firm that creates and sells electronic modules to the automotive and industrial markets . The company uses IBM analytics and systems management capabilities for its wireless remote IoT devices that require geospatial coordinates .
My older brother Mark attended URJ Olin Sang Ruby Union Institute Camp ( OSRUI ) , the Reform Jewish summer camp in Oconomowoc , WI . Because my older brother went to that camp , and because I spent enough time with my brother throughout the rest of the year , I opted to attend another camp . But Mark loved OSRUI . Mark discovered a Judaism at OSRUI that was deeply personal to him . Mark learned how to be a leader at OSRUI . Mark learned how to work at a Jewish organization – and at OSRUI , Mark learned that they wanted to be a rabbi .
I did n't understand . I went to a secular summer camp where we went camping , boating , and swimming . I loved camp , but it was clear that Mark felt differently about their camper than I felt about mine . Fast-forward a few years , to when I become the youth group advisor at my synagogue : One of our congregation 's traditions was an annual youth group retreat at OSRUI . I dutifully planned the retreat , and when the time came , I rode up to camp on a bus with the kids , many of whom attended OSRUI themselves .
After a two-hour ride , the bus turned on to Lac Labelle Drive , the road that leads to camp , and I began to hear the screams of joy . Our kids were so happy to be back at camp , at the place that meant so very much to them throughout their childhood .
Year after year , I brought our youth group back to OSRUI , and year after year , the reaction was the same – smiles , tears , screams of joy . I came to learn that OSRUI was the very first of the Union for Reform Judaism 's summer camps , and it held a special place of respect and honor in the Reform Jewish camping system . For a while , I thought OSRUI must be different from the other URJ summer camps .
As a Jewish professional , I have since had the opportunity to visit several other Reform Jewish summer camps and have gotten to know Jewish leaders who attended many of these camps in their youth . I now know that OSRUI is just one of 16 URJ summer camps , and I soon came to learn that people feel just as strongly about each one of these amazing camps as my youth group kids feel about OSRUI .
This week , we received the devastating news that URJ Camp Newman in Santa Rosa , CA , suffered significant damage in the California wildfires , and since then , all I 've been able to think about is my time at OSRUI throughout the years .
The outdoor prayer spaces throughout the camp . The chadar ohel ( dining hall ) , where campers and staff convened three times a day for meals , prayer , and song . Watching kids walk down the pathways of camp , sometimes laughing , sometimes holding hands . Campfires and folk songs . Kids crying on the last day of camp , knowing it would be a long time before they saw their friends and counselors again .
We are deeply saddened by the loss of 12 lives as a result of the fires raging through Napa and Sonoma counties , and we feel deeply fortunate that no one at Camp Newman was hurt . We are relieved , too , that Camp Newman 's Torah scrolls were safely evacuated before the fires .
Every single Reform Jewish summer camp plays a central role in the lives of its campers , staff and families . The passion for our camps runs deep , and the damage Camp Newman experienced this week is a devastating loss felt deeply by every person who has ever attended a URJ summer camp , or for anyone who has ever heard a kid scream in joy just because the'are driving down a road that leads to a collection of cabins and logs setup around a campfire pit .
And yet , we know that fires can not destroy our fond , sacred memories of camp – and that Camp Newman 's traditions and practices will continue . They may need to happen in a new space , in a new place , or under the cover of new trees , but Camp Newman , as a community , will continue . It will continue not because of what will happen after the fires but because of all the good , important , and sacred things that happened before the fires .
These are the things that will help to sustain and perpetuate Camp Newman as it continues to grow and serve the Reform Jewish community , from strength to strength .
To donate to URJ Camp Newman 's relief and rebuilding fund , please visit www.campnewman.org/newmanstrong .
Germany 's Refugee Crisis Comes to the Classroom
POTSDAM , Germany — It 's only the second week of class at Weidenhof Elementary School , a cheerful orange building in a rusty , neglected corner of Potsdam outside Berlin . Yvonne Albrecht is focusing on teaching the basics : days of the week , colors , and feelings .
Bright sun streams through the glass panel windows that line the room . Albrecht has pulled together mismatched chairs and desks to form one family-style table , everyone seated around with stacks of coloring pencils and books . They contort their face and rubs their eyes with their fists , pointing to a wailing face on a sheet of paper . Wriggling hands shoot up in the air . Traurig , sad .
Albrecht 's students come from Syria , Palestine , Iran , and Romania , and they range from fourth- to sixth-graders . This is a Willkommensklasse , or welcome class , a special course for children who do n't speak German . Nour and their brother , Muhammad , arrived in the country three months ago after fleeing Damascus with their family . ( The children 's names have been changed to protect their privacy . ) Aug. 31 was their first day of school in Germany .
“ Melon , bananas , and cherries ! ” Muhammad , a wiry boy with an impish grin and impossibly long lashes , rattles off three of their favorite fruits , showing off their new language skills . For just two weeks of school , the Syrian siblings speak German remarkably well .
Every day , the students spend four hours together , sometimes inside the classroom but also outside the school 's walls : They play soccer , navigate the grocery store , and figure out how to read traffic signs .
“ They learn how to understand the way of life in Germany to be able to really learn the language , ” says Ute Goldberg , the school 's director .
As federal and local officials have scrambled to cope with record numbers of asylum-seekers entering the country , Germany 's schools are becoming the front line of Europe 's migration crisis . Despite instituting border controls Sunday to slow the surge of migrants entering the country , the German government is still expecting to receive up to 1 million asylum applications by the end of the year . According to its projections , some 40 percent of those arriving are school-age children . And the vast majority speak little or no German .
Integrating young Syrians , Iraqis , and Eritreans into German society falls largely on the shoulders of teachers and school leadership . The challenges , they say , are immense . “ It 's the teacher who acts as a role model on how to deal with refugees . You ca n't forget , we are a microcosm of social development , ” says Simone Fleischmann , head of the Bavarian Teachers ' Association ( BLLV ) in southern Germany . “ We ca n't stall like the politicians and say , ‘ Wait , let 's think about this ; let 's hold a summit or meet with the chancellor . ' We have to act now . ”
The school year has gotten underway across Germany , and many districts are facing huge logistical hurdles . The BLLV says Bavaria expects to absorb 50,000 new students by the end of 2015 . Berlin just kicked off its new school year with 430 welcome classes . The responsibility for regulating education lies with states , and many are struggling to come up with enough teachers .
That has spurred a push to hire more than 3,000 new teachers , according to a Reuters news agency poll released Sept. 4 . The most populous state , North Rhine-Westphalia , posted 1,200 job listings . Many of the positions are being filled . But the need for educators who can tutor German as a second language is growing fast .
Günter Baaske , the education minister in the eastern state of Brandenburg , says finding such a specialized pool of teachers from one day to the next has not been easy . But it 's no excuse , either : Existing personnel can and will adjust .
“ I think we 're all able to communicate the first German sentences — my name is , I come from , I 'm this many years old , ” says Baaske . “ Everyone can do that , even if it 's without the nuances of someone who 's specially trained . ”
It 's not just about learning German , though . Teachers ' associations are demanding more resources for multi-professional teams of translators , psychologists , and social workers . They are needed to address widely varying skills and emotional issues — particularly for children whose families have fled war zones .
Albrecht , the teacher at the Weidenhof school , says an important part of their job lies beyond the classroom walls . They visit the asylum-seeker shelters and talks to caseworkers and parents . They are trying to understand more about their students ' lives before they arrived in Germany .
When police officers visited Albrecht 's class looking for tips after a local boy went missing , Farzin , a bright Iranian girl quick to blush , hid under the table and cried so inconsolably they had to be taken outside . Another student from Syria dissolved into tears every time the class was about halfway through . They could communicate their name and age , but not what made them upset .
“ You really do n't know what they 've experienced , and you have to be flexible and ready to switch gears or adjust , ” says Albrecht .
Goldberg , the director , has plans to turn an unused space into an anti-aggression room and a relaxation room with music and light therapy for all the students . The school lies in a poor neighborhood , and many of their children , not just refugees , can benefit from more attention . So they have lobbied continuously for funds to pay translators and psychologists , but has often found themselves butting up against red tape .
“ German bureaucracy gets in the way a lot , ” Goldberg says . “ I have to say , we 're not good at spontaneity . ”
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and their government have promised to ease some of those hurdles . On Sept. 6 , they announced their government would provide states with an extra 3 billion euros to help cope with the influx of refugees . A few days earlier , Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière announced a package of measures helping towns and cities bypass “ standard procedures ” that have hamstrung efforts to address extraordinary circumstances . It is hoped that both moves will help relieve the burden on schools .
Merkel themselves visited a welcome class in Berlin 's Kreuzberg neighborhood on Sept. 10 , where they praised the teachers , school administration , and students for their work . “ The effort for each and every child is worth it , ” the chancellor said . “ We want to give them a good future . ”
In recent weeks , a surge of pro-refugee sentiment has swept Germany , as people have lined up at train stations to cheer newly arrived refugees , donated clothes and money , and taken vacation days to help officials with mountains of paperwork . The hospitality has reached classrooms , too . Retired teachers have volunteered to give German lessons at asylum shelters or help out in schools . Donations have helped educators stock up on books , toys , and learning tools .
But the efforts and money put toward integrating refugees in classrooms have not been welcomed across the board . The BLLV says parents of some German children have demanded their own kids also receive special classes and extra support .
“ If you have to cancel a class for German kids , children who were already in the school , so that you can use that time to teach the refugees , you can imagine the kind of discussion that sparks , ” says Fleischmann , the head of the BLLV . “ And teachers are worried that the sentiments running through society will end up in their classrooms . ”
The sentiments are still overwhelmingly positive . Merkel has been hailed as a savior and hero among tens of thousands of Syrian refugees heading to Europe . Germany has been one of the few countries that has opened its doors as others have shut them .
But that seems to be changing . Berlin 's decision on Sunday to introduce temporary border checks was n't just a warning volley fired at fellow European Union member states . It was also an admission that Germany is reaching its organizational and logistical limits . And experts warn the outpouring of support and solidarity with the refugees could also start to turn .
“ The joy they feel [ in helping ] is tied to the moment , but what comes after that is normalization , everyday life . And that is difficult , ” says Serhat Karakayali , an expert on the political sociology of migration at the Berlin Institute for Integration and Migration Research . “ It 's not enough to stand at the train station ; we need an institutional and social culture of acceptance of diversity . ”
Integration is still a fraught theme in German society . When waves of guest workers from Turkey , North Africa , and Yugoslavia flocked to Germany in the 1960s and 1970s , authorities thought they would return home after working for a few years . They did n't . Decades later , deep divisions remain . Merkel made headlines in 2010 when they said attempts to build a multicultural society in Germany had “ utterly failed . ”
The Berlin-based German Philology Association says studies show the third generation of children from Turkish families are less integrated than the first . “ We did n't succeed in fostering support and integrating them into society , ” said Heinz-Peter Meidinger , the association 's chairperson . “ And I believe it 's much too early to say whether this [ current ] integration will succeed or has succeeded . ”
Still , there are growing signs that this time , the approach is different — maybe because there is so much to gain . Germany badly needs migration , especially of young people . The country is aging and shrinking at an alarming rate . It surpassed Japan with the lowest birthrate in the world earlier this year , according to a German auditing company . The working-age population is falling , putting Germany 's vaunted productivity and its generous social welfare system at risk .
Employers are struggling to fill skilled and unskilled positions , too . There are thousands of apprenticeships available in specialized trades , and many newly arrived migrants are eager to work . Last month , Germany 's Federal Employment Agency urged lawmakers to help integrate asylum-seekers into the workforce as quickly as possible .
The Federal Office for Migration and Refugees has eased regulations so that asylum-seekers can start working after three months . Bavaria has launched a program to help match young refugees with vocational traineeships where they can earn a living and lay the foundation for full-time work down the road . Several German universities across the country have offered asylum-seekers to visit classes for free , and the state of Baden-Württemberg awarded 50 scholarships to Syrian refugees so they can begin or continue their studies .
Taken together , integrating 250,000 new refugee children this year could work , say educators , with the right combination of resources , language training , and emotional support . The students at the Weidenhof school have up to a year in the welcome class before they are integrated into the regular classrooms , with German-speaking students . After just two weeks , many of them have already blended into the halls and playgrounds .
“ We adults can learn a lot from watching kids , ” says Goldberg , the school 's director . “ If we looked at everything as worry-free as they do , everything would be a lot calmer . ”
Photo credit : TOBIAS SCHWARZ/AFP/Getty Images
About
I actively support and encourage the saving or re-introduction of Music programs to schools around the country and world , I am involved with many Foundations ( not including my own ) ... BUT now it is time to take this show on the road - with the # iGiveAFunk campaign I want to let it be known “ we WO N'T complain , we WILL campaign ! ”
What I want to achieve with the # IGiveAFunk campaign is the following :
I want to tour the world doing concerts to bring attention to # iGiveAFunk .
. Together with others , I want to teach the power of music to youth ( real music , with real instruments , not just computer generated- music created & played TOGETHER )
While stopping in these communities I plan to use the attention that my the concerts attract in the media to shine a spotlight on different activities/causes in that community and to help them spread their important messages .
# IGiveAFunk wants to partner with different organizations with the same goals , to be the fabric that stitches them together - the way Facebook is the social layer for the internet .
wants to partner with different organizations with the same goals , to be the fabric that stitches them together - the way Facebook is the social layer for the internet . We want to open the 'Bootsy Collins Center for Creative Arts and Innovation ' that teaches these principles to youth in our communities and then spread these workshops to our partners in the US and all over the globe .
We 'd love to partner with larger organizations and get # iGiveAFunk gear in stores and into the hearts of more people- so you too can show the world that yes , # YOUGiveAFunk !
We 're out to actively Tour the World , touching down in as many cities , states , and countries as possible to spread Unity in the commUnity ... the power of music can strengthen bonds and bridge gaps .
To make a difference the simplest thing you can do is “ Reach out , and touch somebody ! ” THIS is what # iGiveAFunk is all about ... I will be touring the Globe touching the hearts , minds , bodies , and souls of those in my path with that PURE-UNCUT-FUNK-DA-BOMB spreading a message of Unity !
WE ARE READY TO HAVE A FUNKY GOOD TIME ! ! ! IT 'S ABOUT THE MUSIC AND THE GROOVEMENT ! Spreadin ' the Funk and creating Unity in the CommUnity through this Funky Groovement ! There is a clear void in our society where Good is often overpowered by bad , where Positive is out shined by negative . This campaign is about the end of these things ! Cities were built by people working together , and are now being torn down by people divided . We have lost touch of one of The One thing that helps make life worth living ... UNITY .
This Groovement is being spearheaded by the one and only Bootsy Collins ! ! FUNK MUSIC LEGEND ! ! ! The Funkiest Bass Player EVER ! Legendary member of Parliament-Funkadelic…Oh you know the music… “ Flashlight ” and “ One Nation Under A Groove ” and of course “ Stretchin ' Out ” with their own Bootsy 's Rubber Band ! Ahhhhh the name is Bootsy , “ Bootzilla , ” “ Telephone Bill ” , “ Body Slam. ” Bootsy also collaborated with Deee-Lite on their massive hit `` Groove Is in the Heart '' ! !
And now words from the man himself ....
Music is one of the things that can help UNITE people when they 're divided ! I have worked with countless people in the industry ... JAMES BROWN , BEYONCE , JAY-Z , FATBOY SLIM , SNOOP DOGG/LION , SHIRLEY MURDOCK , BERNIE WORRELL , JOEL `` RAZOR SHARP '' JOHNSON , LIL BOW WOW , METHOD MAN & REDMAN , 2PAC , DO OR DIE , NOTORIOUS BIG , MACK 10 , SPICE GIRLS , TOO SHORT , GEORGE CLINTON , JON B. , ADINA HOWARD , ERICK SERMON , EAZY-E , ICE CUBE , and DR. DRE to name a few ... many say that my work is the corner stone of what Good music is today ... BUT what GOOD is all of that without ... UNITY ?
Update : Apple has confirmed the promo , and according to the T & C online orders are also eligible .
According to our sources , Apple retail employees were informed this morning that beginning today , anyone who purchases an Apple TV from Apple will receive a free $ 25 iTunes gift card . As of right now this promotion seems to only be available at brick and mortar locations , but we will update this post if it pops up at the Apple online store . The promotion is scheduled to end on March 5th . iTunes gift cards can be used to download movies , music , apps , and more .
Here 's what we know so far about the incoming next-generation Apple TV hardware : Back in January we reported that Apple was testing the new Apple TV hardware that could include a revamped operating system and possibly app and game support for sometime in the first half of 2014 . We also reported that Apple was working on new hardware that included a built-in AirPort Express 802.11ac router and others with built-in TV tuner functionality to control existing cable boxes . Most recently we reported that code in recent builds of iOS 7 point to refreshed hardware , at least internally . Bloomberg followed up by confirming a couple of the same details including a new interface for navigating content . It also said the hardware will include a faster processor and get an introduction in April ahead of a Christmas launch . Despite Apple adding a ton of new content in recent months , the most recent reports originating from The Wall Street Journal claimed Apple 's plans could get scaled back as it continues to negotiate with content providers and cable companies .
In the past few weeks 9to5Toys has featured several deals for as low as $ 84 new , and $ 62 open-box .
Last week , five teams emerged as the upper crust of college football . That number has dropped to four , after Missouri lost to South Carolina in typical heartbreaking style . The Tigers led 17-0 entering the fourth quarter , but that was before USC starting quarterback Connor Shaw — who had been held out due to injury — was inserted into the game . Shaw led the Gamecocks on a furious comeback to force overtime . After MIZZOU scored a touchdown on the first possession , Shaw threw their third touchdown pass on 4th-and-goal from the 16-yard line . On the second possession , USC was up first and kicked a field goal . Missouri looked to match South Carolina , but a 24-yard field goal bounced off the left upright , giving Tigers fans the gut punch loss of the season .
Elsewhere , most things went according to plan . Johnny Manziel played like a Heisman Trophy winner ( 25/35 , 305 yards , 4 TDs , 1 INT ) , while Teddy Bridgewater ( 25/29 , 344 , 3 , 0 ) , Bryce Petty ( 20/32 , 430 , 3/0 ) , and Jameis Winston ( 16/26 , 292 , 3/1 ) continued their dominant seasons . A couple of embattled schools pulled off impressive wins over conference rivals : Michigan State won 42-3 against Illinois , while Texas continued to put September in the rear-view mirror by stomping TCU , 30-7 .
Below are the SRS ratings through nine weeks . As a reminder , you can read about the methodology here . As always , thanks to Dr. Peter Wolfe for providing the final scores for every college football game .
Miami may by 7-0 , but a last-minute win at home against Wake Forest dropped the Hurricanes in the SRS . Miami travels to Tallahassee next week , and Vegas has the Seminoles as 21-point favorites , which just about perfectly matches the SRS . It would be a major upset if Miami was able to defeat FSU , despite the fact that both teams play in the same conference and have the same record .
Week 9 results
Florida State and Alabama jumped out to huge halftime leads against NC State and Tennessee , respectively , but Oregon posted the best game score of the week with a 42-14 win over UCLA . Two weeks ago , UCLA was # 8 in the SRS and 5-0 . A loss to Stanford last week only dropped the Bruins to 11th , and it 's a testament to how dominant Oregon has been over the past few years that a 28-point win over a team as strong as UCLA gets a collective shrug from the college football nation . Ohio State posted the second best win of the week , crushing Penn State in embarrassing fashion , 63-14 . Below are the results from every FBS game in week nine . As a reminder , you can view the SRS scores from every game this season at this page .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
This season of America 's Next Top Model has its first deaf contestant – 26-year-old Nyle DiMarco .
The model is one of this year 's most popular contestants , standing at 6 ' 2 ” with “ piercing blue eyes and washboard abs ” .
Although host Tyra Banks and others on the show initially thought of their deafness as a possible hindrance , the 26-year-old model has said that it 's actually a benefit .
“ Reading body language comes naturally to me . It helps me understand how to pose with my body , ” they told ET Online .
They say they can also shut out all the unending fights that take place on the show each week .
“ Fortunately , I 'm deaf , so I do n't have to hear all of their drama , ” says DiMarco .
“ I just want to say that you all are complaining about hair , hair , hair . Am I complaining about my deafness ? No , I am not . ”
The handsome model also took some time out to share some basic , gay-friendly sign language – that may come in very useful if you ever lucky enough to meet him…
Francesca Cunninghame prepared for a sea voyage on a recent afternoon with some strange cargo : eight fledglings of the mangrove finch , one of the rarest birds on Earth .
Birds in hand , the scientist sailed from Santa Cruz , the most populous of the Galápagos Islands , on a boat bound for Isabela Island , 150 miles ( 240 kilometers ) away . There , the last remaining wild population of about 80 mangrove finches ( Camarhynchus heliobates ) hangs on in two patches of forest no bigger than 12 Manhattan blocks .
The brownish , 6-inch ( 14-centimeter ) bird is one of the famed `` Darwin 's finches , '' several species that were collected and brought back to England by the naturalist after their visit to the Galápagos Islands in 1835 . ( Related : `` DNA Reveals How Darwin 's Finches Evolved . '' )
Darwin 's finches The Galápagos Islands finches display a wide variety of beak shapes and sizes . The beaks of this isolated group of birds have evolved to match their niche diets and were an important clue for Charles Darwin in developing their theory of evolution . Mangrove finch Camarhynchus heliobates Their long , pointed beak curves downward , which helps them lift off tree bark scales and find hidden insects . Large ground finch Geospiza magnirostris This bird has a large , wide bill , earning it the nickname “ megamouth. ” Its bill is ideal for crushing thick , hard , and large seeds . Vegetarian finch Platyspiza crassirostris Stout and strongly curved , this beak 's primary function is to manipulate soft foods , like tree buds , leaves , flowers , and fruit . Large cactus finch Geospiza conirostris This bird has a long , spike-shaped bill that tapers to a point . With this bill , it can probe cactus flowers and fruit for nectar , pollen , and seeds . Green warbler finch Certhidea olivacea With a thin bill perfect for reaching small spaces , this bird eats small insects hidden in bark , mosses , and leaves . Emily M. Eng , NG STAFFSOURCE : Francesca Cunninghame
Like many other species native to the famous Ecuadorian islands , the mangrove finch was devastated by the arrival of alien predators such as rats and cats beginning in the 1600s . It was a much smaller immigrant , though , that brought the mangrove finch to its now precarious status—a type of invasive fly that parasitizes and kills newborn birds .
To rescue the bird that helped shape the theory of evolution as we know it , the Charles Darwin Foundation , which works to preserve the diversity of the Galápagos , launched an effort to save the finch nearly a decade ago .
With the bird still in decline , in 2014 the project enlisted the help of the San Diego Zoo to begin a new phase of the program called `` head-starting '' : taking mangrove finch eggs from the wild to raise in the safety of an incubator at the Charles Darwin Research Station on Santa Cruz .
Watch : See a video of baby finches hatched at the Charles Darwin Research Station in 2014 .
Since last year , scientists have released 23 hand-raised birds into the wild , including the eight released during Cunninghame 's most recent trip to Isabela .
`` We take the birds at night , so that they 'll sleep on the journey , '' said Cunninghame , who leads the mangrove finch rescue effort .
The first two seasons of the head-starting program have shown encouraging results . But even so , the scientists know it is n't the long-term answer to saving the mangrove finch .
`` This is sort of a stopgap to hopefully prevent extinction until we can figure out how to eradicate the fly , '' said Nicole LaGreco , an animal-care manager at the San Diego Zoo who traveled to the Galápagos to help collect mangrove finch eggs and raise the fledglings . ( Test your Darwin knowledge with our National Geographic quiz . )
`` It 's certainly not the answer to keep them alive forever . ''
A Deadly Invader
The birds Darwin collected in the Galápagos inspired them and later scientists to develop the evolutionary principle of natural selection—the idea that animals evolve particular traits to suit their lifestyles . ( Read `` Darwin 's First Clues '' in National Geographic magazine . )
For instance , as an insect eater , the mangrove finch 's beak is thinner than the wide , conical beaks of other finches that eat seeds or nuts .
In the late 20th century , mangrove finches once occupied the mangrove forests for which they 're named along the coasts of Isabela and Fernandina , the two westernmost islands of the Galápagos .
Sometime in the 1960s , a type of fly known by its genus name Philornis arrived in the Galápagos . Nobody is sure how it got there ; because the adult fly feeds on fruit , it may have stowed away on a boatload of bananas .
Philornis lays its eggs in bird 's nests ; the fly 's larvae hatch and feed on hatchlings ' blood and tissue . Philornis has hurt many Galápagos bird species , but the mangrove finch—already suffering from predation—was especially devastated . ( See `` New Report Highlights Dire Situation of Many U.S . Birds . '' )
In the first stages of the mangrove finch program , scientists trapped many of the invasive rats and cats , eliminating most of their threat to mangrove finches .
But , under continued assault from Philornis , the species disappeared from Fernandina and most of Isabela , dwindling by 2013 to only 60 or so individuals . ( Also see `` Blue-Footed Booby Threatened in the Galápagos . '' )
Accessing Android Resources from C++
Posted on 28 April 2011
If you 're writing an Android game in C++ you quickly hit the problem of how to load resources ( unless you are targeting Android 2.3 ) . There are already a number of ways to do it .
I came up with a different method that I have n't found elsewhere , so I thought I should document it . Here 's the gist of it :
Make resource IDs available in the C++ code . That is , where Java would specify a resource in the res/raw directory with R.raw.my_data , we 'll have the symbol R : :raw : :my_data in C++ .
Write a Java method that loads and returns the bytes associated with a given resource ID .
Call this Java method from C++ to access those bytes from our C++ code .
This has the advantage that we do n't have to bloat our game code with extra copies of libraries that are already part of Android .
On to the details…
1 . Resource IDs
This is an ugly preprocessor job , so if this disgusts you , you can bail out right here ; - ) However once it 's done , you can forget about it . ( Alternatively you could write a script to do it instead . )
The following assumes that our Java package is com.example.mygame .
We need to include the gen/com/example/mygame/R.java file in our C++ code , and make it compile . This requires a few syntax tweaks . The easy ones can be dealt with by # defining class to become namespace and defining other keywords , such as final , to become nothing .
The hard bit is dealing with the package declaration , as dots can not be used in preprocessor macro names . My approach was to define a structure that matches the package name so that com.example.mygame is a variable that exists within an unused function .
Finally , we need the values to be const , so that we do n't get link errors , so we replace int with const int .
Here it is in all its ugly glory :
# ifndef RESLIST_INCLUDED # define RESLIST_INCLUDED // Convert Java to compilable C++ : // Handle `` package com.example.mygame ; '' # define package inline void dummyfunc ( ) { \ struct Com { struct Example { char mygamevar ; } example ; } com ; # define mygame mygamevar=1 ; } // Handle keywords # define public # define static # define final # define class namespace // Avoid link errors : # define int const int # include `` .. / .. /gen/com/example/mygame/R.java '' # undef package # undef mygame # undef int # undef public # undef static # undef final # undef class # endif / * RESLIST_INCLUDED * /
2 . Use the Android API to load resources
The following shows part of a Java wrapper around a C++ Game class . When the C++ implementation of the create ( ) function is called , it will be passed the associated Java object . We 'll store that in our C++ code and use it later to look up and call the loadRawResource ( ) function defined at the bottom . This function is fundamentally simple , but complicated by mandatory exception handling boilerplate .
// This is a wrapper for the C++ game class . // It holds the C++ pointer in the gamePtr variable . public class Game { static { System . loadLibrary ( `` mygamelib '' ) ; } private native long create ( ) ; private native void destroy ( long gamePtr ) ; // ... more native functions : update , render , etc ... private long gamePtr = 0 ; private Context context ; Game ( Context context ) { this . context = context ; gamePtr = create ( ) ; } // ... clean-up code , etc ... // -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - // called from C++ public byte [ ] loadRawResource ( int id ) { try { InputStream stream = context . getResources ( ) . openRawResource ( id ) ; try { byte [ ] data = new byte [ stream . available ( ) ] ; stream . read ( data , 0 , data . length ) ; return data ; } catch ( IOException e ) { Log . e ( `` mygame '' , e. toString ( ) ) ; } finally { try { stream . close ( ) ; } catch ( IOException e ) { Log . e ( `` mygame '' , e. toString ( ) ) ; } } return null ; } catch ( NotFoundException e ) { Log . e ( `` mygame '' , `` raw resource not found . '' ) ; return null ; } } }
3 . Call loadRawResource ( ) from C++
First we have to grab the Java environment and Game object in our create ( ) function :
jlong Java_com_example_mygame_Game_create ( JNIEnv * env , jobject jobj ) { Game * g = new Game ( env , jobj ) ; return reinterpret_cast < jlong > ( g ) ; }
Then later , using the values that were passed at creation time , we can get our resource data…
void loadResource ( int resId , JNIEnv * env , jobject jobj ) { jclass cls = env- > GetObjectClass ( jobj ) ; // The last parameter here asks for a function taking // an integer and returning an array of bytes : jmethodID mid = env- > GetMethodID ( cls , `` loadRawResource '' , `` ( I ) [ B '' ) ; if ( mid == 0 ) { // Error : Ca n't find method } else { env- > ExceptionClear ( ) ; jbyteArray byteArray = ( jbyteArray ) env- > CallObjectMethod ( jobj , mid , resId ) ; if ( env- > ExceptionOccurred ( ) ) { env- > ExceptionDescribe ( ) ; env- > ExceptionClear ( ) ; } else if ( byteArray ) { jint len = env- > GetArrayLength ( byteArray ) ; jboolean isCopy ; jbyte * data = env- > GetByteArrayElements ( byteArray , & isCopy ) ; // * * * Do something with data * * * // ... } else { // Java returned a null array } } }
What about drawable resources ?
My original code loaded drawables using the same approach , by opening a BitmapDrawable resource : getDrawable ( id ) instead of openRawResource ( id ) . Then getBitmap ( ) .copyPixelsToBuffer ( ) gets the image data . The problem with this is that Android bitmaps use pre-multiplied alpha internally . When you use copyPixelsToBuffer ( ) , the alpha multiplication is reversed , but if your alpha value is zero , your colour information is already gone for good . Some of my textures have zero alpha channels in order to give me additive blending ( via the pre-multiplied regime described in the link above ) , so this resulted in blank textures . If you 're using conventional blending ( or none ) this may not be a problem and you can use a BitmapDrawable to load PNGs and JPEGs . Instead , I pre-process my textures into a simple uncompressed format , store them in res/raw and load them with the above loadRawResource ( ) function .
Refinements
Recently I developed a PC build of my game , for debugging and video capture , which uses a script to generate a mapping from resource ID to filename . I am starting to think that a script may be the way to go for all platforms , replacing step ( 1 ) above . In addition to generating a nice clean header file for resource IDs , it could generate the resource lists that I currently use to pre-load all my textures at start-up , which are currently hand coded . Parts ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) would continue to do the actual loading on Android .
Privacy And Schnorr Signatures
Will it improve or harm privacy ?
nopara73 Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 6 , 2017 Unlisted
First of all : I do n't know . I will present you both sides of the coin and let you come to immature predictions by yourself .
If you do n't know how to do that , do n't worry , you can use my immature speculation as a starting point and only modify it where I am wrong .
Sam Wouters just published an excellent article on how Schnorr signatures will help Bitcoin to scale and make some form of spamming uneconomical : “ Why Schnorr signatures will help solve 2 of Bitcoin 's biggest problems today ” .
I will write about the privacy aspect , they did not discuss , despite it is often cited when discussing the benefits of Schnorr .
Quick recap
Luckily in order to discuss privacy we only need to understand the basic idea of Schnorr signatures and do n't need to go into any technical details , since it 's all about incentives .
As you can see from the illustration , when you have more red boxes on the left side , with Schnorr signatures it 's enough to provide only one signature , but make no mistake , signatures are pretty heavy in terms of bytes , which ultimately determines how much fees you will pay for the transaction .
Note the red boxes are inputs and the green ones are outputs , but you can simply and incorrectly think of them as addresses .
In order to understand the rest of the article also note there can be more green boxes on the right side within one transaction , not only one , like this :
The takeaway is : with Schnorr it becomes more economical to make a payment with your buddies together than making payments one by one .
The case for privacy
You might have heard about CoinJoin before . This protocol was scratched up by Greg Maxwell and as far as I know the only today working implementation of it is JoinMarket .
In the past Blockchain.info had a service based on it , called SharedCoin and there 's Mycelium 's implementation : ShufflePuff , which I believe its development has been discontinued due to their failed crowdfunding . Also DarkWallet was doing something with it , but its main dev , Amir Taaki flew to Syria to fight ISIS .
Not sure if you 've noticed it , but I probably just listed all the main Bitcoin privacy projects of pre-2016 , so yes , CoinJoin 's hype just started to decline recently , but Schnorr might turn that around .
How ? Coinjoin joins coins together , as you could see if you join coins together while using Schnorr you 'd pay fewer fees . So far sounds great , right ? It indeed does , but there are some issues with coinjoin . The long list of discontinued projects is no coincidence .
Coordination between parties is difficult .
Great initial liquidity is needed .
It 's only private when the amounts are the same .
In other words : if you want to send 0.1234btc via coinjoin to someone you need to find a couple of other people who happens to also want to spend 0.1234btc in the same time and then you can join together your coins .
The various CoinJoin schemes partially hack around this problem , and with Schnorr low fees will incentivize people to join and eventually overcome their liquidity problems , right ? Right , but…
The case against privacy
But it might even provide a greater incentive that 's not only not great for privacy , but also not great for innovation . Schnorr gives an advantage to wallets with the greatest liquidities with the easiest coordination mechanisms , like blockchain.info . In order for Schnorr to lower fees you do n't actually need privacy , you do n't need the amounts to match , like in CoinJoin , you can simply join inputs together and viola , fees are lower .
But you still need to fix the first and second issues of CoinJoin : liquidity and coordination . And guess what , blockchain.info already solved the first one and how hard could it be for them to coordinate its users to join their inputs together when the only thing that does n't happen on their central server is generating the private keys . Oh , but there is more : remember , they already have a lot of experience doing this , via SharedCoin , which they turned off , because of legal reasons , I suppose , still the experience is there .
Sure blockchain analysis companies will have a harder job in guessing which inputs belong to which users , but does it matter at this point ? Blockchain.info will just take the place of blockchain analyisis companies and sell the information themselves , the only difference is what they know is 100 % accuarate .
I admit this was a little too pessimistic , there are still many more unknown variables , so take my predictions with a grain of salt .
Final predictions
At this point this is how I see the Schnorr incentive game play out :
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram today rubbished allegations of vendetta by Lalit Modi and said the government should ensure that the former IPL chief returns to India to face a corruption investigation against him . `` The government must use its authority to ensure that Lalit Modi faces charges in India , '' Mr Chidambaram told reporters.The senior Congress leader reacted sharply to Lalit Modi 's allegation that they were hounded by the UPA government and that their passport was wrongly impounded . `` The Enforcement Directorate ( ED ) had issued show cause notices and summons to Lalit Modi but they did not respond . ED briefed me that they were staying in the UK without a valid passport . ED requested me to take up the matter of Lalit Modi with my UK counterpart , George Osborne which I did after consultations with the cabinet , '' Mr Chidambaram told reporters.He questioned why the government , despite their repeated demands , was not releasing their letters to Mr Osborne , the British Chancellor of Exchequer , asking that Lalit Modi be sent back to India . They said after the reply to their first letter , they had written a second letter couched in stronger words to Mr Osborne that Modi was facing investigations in India , their passport has been revoked and they had no right to live in the UK.In an interview , Lalit Modi had alleged vendetta by the UPA after their revelations forced Congress leader Shashi Tharoor 's resignation as minister in 2010.After Mr Chidambaram 's press conference today , Lalit Modi tweeted : `` You illegally mr chidambram cancelled it ( passport ) The # Honorable high court gave it back to me and said to your govt -No Ball . `` Mr Chidambaram had also attacked Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj , saying their conduct in facilitating travel papers for Lalit Modi raised several questions . `` Why did the External Affairs Minister feel Lalit Modi , who is an Indian citizen , should have a UK travel document and not an Indian travel document ? '' they questioned . `` If Sushma Swaraj wanted to help Modi as a humanitarian gesture as was being claimed , why did they not write to the Indian high Commission and ask for the issue of Indian travel documents to them instead of recommending US travel documents ? ''
NEW DELHI : India scored an important success when it fully protected its traditional knowledge by stalling a leading UK-based laboratory 's move to patent a medicinal composition containing turmeric , pine bark and green tea for treating hair loss . The move comes just days after India foiled a similar attempt by US-based consumer goods giant Colgate-Palmolive from patenting a mouthwash formula containing herbal extracts.The vigilance of the Traditional Knowledge Digital Library ( TKDL ) of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR ) helped protect the Indian products as the council in its submission to the European Patent Office managed to prove that turmeric , pine bark and green tea were being used as a treatment for hair loss in Indian systems of medicine like Ayurveda and Unani since ancient times.The UK-based company - Pangaea Laboratories Limited - had filed the patent application in February , 2011 . The CSIR-TKDL unit had , however , objected to it and filed evidence on January 13 , 2014 once the patent application got published in the European Patent Office website.Based on India 's evidence , the patent application was finally “ deemed to be withdrawn ” by the applicant on June 29 this year.The back-to-back victories in thwarting the attempts of the two big foreign entities ( Colgate-Palmolive and Pangaea Laboratories Limited ) adds another feather to the cap of TKDL 's which has tasted success now in about 200 such cases without incurring any cost to the public exchequer.Recently , it had frustrated a move by Colgate-Palmolive to patent a mouthwash formula containing herb ‘ Jayaphal ' ( Nutmeg ) extract . “ The Traditional Knowledge Digital Library of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research , headed by senior scientist Archana Sharma , had submitted proof in the form of references from ancient books , which said the herb and its extracts of ‘ Myristica Fragrans ' were used for oral diseases in Indian systems of medicine ” , said an official note.The TKDL is a pioneering initiative to prevent misappropriation of country 's traditional medicinal knowledge at international patent offices . It has structured and classified the Indian traditional medicine system in approximately 25,000 sub-groups for Ayurveda , Unani , Siddha and Yoga.It is proving to be an effective deterrent against bio-piracy and is being recognized as a global leader in the area of traditional knowledge protection .
Waffle House on Canal Street
The new Waffle House on Canal Street was billed as the nation 's 'fanciest . ' ( Photo by Todd A . Price , NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune )
( Todd A . Price )
When Waffle House came before the city last May , they promised to build on Canal Street `` the fanciest Waffle House you will ever see . '' It would have stucco , a wrought-iron fence and a `` bistro courtyard . ''
The much heralded new hash-brown slinger opened last Monday ( June 13 ) . It does have an iron fence capped with fleur de lis . There may be a little room outside for a bench , if not a bistro . But basically , it looks like a Waffle House .
Waffle House dishes out love for Valentine 's Day diners Restaurant transformed by white tablecloths , ( paper ) rose petals , romantic music
Maybe Waffle House `` fancy '' is different from regular fancy ?
The inside could be any Waffle House in America , complete with stools , big laminated yellow menus and a jukebox packed with breakfast-themed tunes .
I would like to show you a photo of the new Waffle House 's dining room . But I was sternly told that Waffle House has a `` strict no media policy . ''
How sex tape of former Waffle House CEO led to indictment of woman , their attorneys The attorneys tried to force Joe Rogers to pay millions of dollars to prevent the recording from being released , the indictment alleges .
Next time I need breakfast on Canal Street , I 'll head down the block to Betsy 's Pancake House . It 's also not fancy , but I bet they would let me take a photo inside .
Waffle House : 2500 Canal St. , New Orleans
Would you call this gate at Waffle House 'fancy ' ? ( Photo by Todd A . Price , NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune )
* * *
Got a tip ? Know some restaurant news ? Email Todd A . Price at TPrice @ NOLA.com or call 504.826.3445 . Follow them on Twitter ( @ TPrice504 ) , Facebook ( ToddAPriceEatsDrinks ) or Snapchat ( @ tprice504 ) .
Here at Trailforks , we decided to take a crack at creating our own Garmin Basemap theme . Now keep in mind that these devices are low resolution with a reduced color palette as compared to a modern smartphone . This is mostly to accommodate rendering of large maps on a small device , all while maintaining the battery life . And dare I say , keeping costs low . Well , ahem , moving on and without further ado , we present the
For all intents and purposes , the map provided little help out on the trails . I had just about given up on any hopes of a real bike-centric map , until I heard that the Garmin Edge 1000 was based upon OpenStreetMap . I thought that this would be the perfect opportunity for Garmin to revamp the theme from the old NT series Automobile Maps to a true bike-centric map . And while the update did improve with the advent of some actual trail data , the theme was still basically the same.Here at Trailforks , we decided to take a crack at creating our own Garmin Basemap theme . Now keep in mind that these devices are low resolution with a reduced color palette as compared to a modern smartphone . This is mostly to accommodate rendering of large maps on a small device , all while maintaining the battery life . And dare I say , keeping costs low . Well , ahem , moving on and without further ado , we present the Trailforks Garmin Basemap
MOUNTAIN BIKE THEME
This being an initial ( beta ? ) release , we started simple and are only including POI 's that we feel make a real difference . We have always liked to keep our maps very clean by not enabling every POI , route , and layer , but provide maximum utility by allowing the user to pick and choose what they want to see . Such an approach is more difficult with a single base map , so we started by only including the bare minimum : Trails , Parking , TTF , and Bike Shops . Of course , the most important feature is the trails , but there needs to be some clarification on how we display them .
STANDARD DIFFICULTY COLORS
Green ( Easy )
Blue ( Intermediate )
Black ( Advanced )
Black-Black ( Expert )
TRAILFORKS GARMIN DIFFICULTY COLORS
Green ( Easy ) – Same as the standard , but I had to make it brighter and with a dark outline on the edges to be sure that I could view it easily in daylight while riding on green shaded park polygons .
Yellow ( Intermediate ) – In a severity system , this is like a minor alarm ( not blue ) , still probably easy , but watch out for some difficult sections , narrow trail , maybe even some exposure .
Orange ( Advanced ) – This is like a major alarm in a severity system , and provides a nice bright color ( not black ) .
Red ( Expert ) – This is the same as what we use on Trailforks to denote an Expert trail , because in a tight trail system it is difficult enough to pack in trail labels , much less a floating double diamond icon . Even the red here had to be a bit of a darker red ( like maroon ) , because on the Garmin it was difficult to differentiate between orange and red out on the trail in the mid-day sun .
POIs
Parking/ Trailheads
TTF
Bike Shops
Not something I would typically want to obscure a trail , but since these icons remain mostly in town , they do n't clutter up the trail , but come in very handy when tools and an expert hand is required . We placed the bike shop icon at high and low zoom levels so that when you are arriving in a new town , you can easily see where all of them are in relation to you and the local trails . I am sure it never happens to you , but I always seem to forget something I need , and I remember it en route .
STRAVA
Now this was kind of an added bonus . Up until I started testing our new Garmin theme , I could see strava segments that I had starred , except that they were floating around in outer space . I kind of knew where they were , but it was n't always clear how or exactly when I would get to the start of one because I could not see the trail leading up to the beginning . I had been testing this all through the summer of 2016 , but it was only part way through that I started to use the Garmin/Strava feature . One ride after doing a firmware update on my unit , and I noticed some of my favorite Strava DH flowy segments appear right in the context of the trail .
ROADIES
Purple ( Paved Paths )
They are thick and bright , and appear to be a highway in comparison to the actual automobile highways , but is n't that what they are ? A highway for bikes should be the most prominent track on a road map for bikes .
Cyan ( Bike Lanes )
I love having this layer when I am riding around the city or connecting between two trail systems . It tells me exactly which are the best roads to ride a bike safely on , similar to our Trailforks basemap bike lane theme .
Note :
How couples deal with and discuss finances has a big impact on their relationship , how they 're treating each other , their stress levels around the children , heck even how often they 're having sex . I feel like if there is one thing that drives a wedge between people the most it tends to be money . Who 's making it , who 's spending it , what 's it being spent ON ? And even couples who have been together many years can still have differing views on if you should spend extra on the organic vegetables , or if Billy really NEEDS another pair of sneakers right now .
For me , first there is my husband Allan . While we both agreed I 'd work because I made more while they stayed home , they find being a stay at home dad less than fulfilling . It is difficult for them to overcome the age old social indoctrination of the man providing for their family . The tougher our monetary situation gets , the more they feel like they are n't “ doing their part ” and is riding on my coat tails . I value their time with the children , and around the house , but I can not make them appreciate it the same way .
“ I should be DOING something. ” They always say .
“ You are ” , I 'll reply motioning to our three children , and he 'll give me an eye roll while turning the thermostat down on the heat to conserve .
Allan and I agree it 's time for them to look for work outside the home , but it does n't stop the complications between us . I have to keep myself from pestering them too much about how many jobs he 's applied to , while also bolstering their ego that they WILL find something . They have to try not to sink into a depression about the lack of work and not resent me for being able to provide for us all while they can not . With the first job interview they got we ran into a heated argument , I was feeling frustrated and said he 'd have to take it , they already knew that and just wanted a little compassion . For a long time , I 've felt like money spent on food could flow like water , because everybody needs to eat . Allan always felt I should n't be so free with the grocery budget but let me be heavy handed with it . Here , we 've managed to compromise and I 've started to buy non-name brands ( big step for me , its true ) and cut down in some areas . Allan in the meantime , is looking for work and trying to keep a positive attitude , which is n't always easy .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
At President Barack Obama 's first press conference after winning reelection , CNN 's Jessica Yellin posed a saucy question : “ Mr . President , on the fiscal cliff , two years ago , sir , you said that you would n't extend the Bush-era tax cuts , but at the end of the day , you did . So , respectfully , sir , why should the American people and the Republicans believe that you wo n't cave again this time ? ”
With this pointed query , Yellin was reviving a notion that took root within the mainstream media and progressive circles : Obama surrendered in the lame-duck session of late 2010 , when they and the Republicans tussled over continuing George W. Bush 's tax breaks for the well-heeled . In this view , weeks after the president 's party was trounced in the midterm congressional elections and weeks before the tea partyized GOPers were to take control of the House , Obama , who had vowed during the 2008 campaign to kill those tax cuts , acceded to Republican demands for continuing tax relief for those pocketing more than $ 250,000 a year . The establishment media reported that Obama had lost the showdown ; liberal House Democrats and progressives off Capitol Hill complained Obama had turned their back on their promise and blinked . There was grousing that Obama either had no taste for a political battle or no spine ( or both ) and that they had sold out a fundamental principle .
The ghost of that narrative haunts the current moment , for as Obama heads into a similar dustup—those Bush tax cuts are again set to expire at the end of the year , just as automatic across-the-board budget cuts are scheduled to kick in , and another debt ceiling fight looms—members of the politirati ( such as Yellin ) are suggesting that Obama might once more turn tail and betray their promise to say no to another extension of these tax breaks for the rich .
But that narrative was wrong when it emerged—and it is not the key to predicting what Obama will do in the present predicament . Obama did n't wave the white flag in 2010 . They turned a face-off over the Bush tax cuts into an opportunity to enact a second stimulus that they otherwise could not get past Senate Republicans . Their failure at that time was not that they mustered insufficient mettle ; they failed to convey to the world that they had jujitsued the GOPers .
For months prior to that tussle , the conventional view was accurate : The main issue was whether the tax cuts for the wealthy would continue . All the Bush tax cuts were due to evaporate at the end of 2010 . ( Bush had set that expiration date to diminish the tax cuts ' impact on the long-term deficit . ) During the 2008 campaign , Obama had promised not to raise taxes on middle-class earners and not to keep those Bush tax cuts for the top 2 percent . So they and their Democratic allies wanted to decouple the tax cuts for the rich from those for the rest—and extend only those for the bottom 98 percent .
Obama did n't surrender in 2010 . They turned a face-off over the Bush tax cuts into an opportunity to enact a second stimulus that they otherwise could not get past Senate Republicans .
The Republicans balked at that notion . They contended this would amount to a tax increase—if only on those in the upper brackets . They threatened to block any move to continue only the tax breaks for the middle . And with the filibuster in the Senate , they were positioned to do so . Moreover , they signaled they would fiercely attack Democrats who voted to extend only some of the tax cuts as tax hikers ( though these Democrats would merely be supporting a return to the rates of the Clinton years ) . A game of chicken was on . Obama and the Democrats claimed the Republicans were holding tax cuts for the middle class hostage . ( No tax breaks for the rich , then no tax breaks for anyone else . ) And the GOPers were daring Obama to stick to their position , see all the tax cuts perish , and end up being blamed for a rise in taxes for everyone .
There was solidarity on the GOP side , but not among the Democrats . In the summer of 2010 , as the midterms approached , several Democratic Senate candidates told Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and the White House they preferred not to vote on any legislation that would keep only the middle-class tax cuts alive . They feared the GOP effort to brand them tax raisers—which would be backed by unregulated special-interest campaign cash unleashed by the Supreme Court 's Citizens United decision—would work . If there were a vote on decoupling the Bush taxes , White House aides figured , it was indeed possible that the president could not hold their side together .
In the White House , Obama and their aides gamed out various scenarios . With the economy sputtering in the second half of 2010 , they worried that if the GOPers were hell bent on winning this game of chicken , taxes would go up for all at the start of 2011—as unemployment benefits were ending ( for the Republicans were blocking an extension of those , as well ) —and this would lead to a decrease in consumer demand that would roil the fragile economy . Lawrence Summers , the head of Obama 's National Economic Council , fretted about a double-dip recession . Obama and their aides felt boxed in . The president had political promises to keep ; they also had to prevent the economy from taking another downward turn .
In the fall of 2010—both before and after the midterm elections—Obama and their aides cooked up a different script . Fretting that the slow recovery was bottoming out , they had been searching for ways to juice up the economy . But they knew the notion of additional stimulus was a political nonstarter . Though Obama 's original stimulus had worked , raising employment levels by millions of jobs ( according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office ) , Obama had lost that message war . The idea of government spending to boost the economy had become discredited . ( See the tea party victories in the congressional elections . )
Obama 's aides , though , also knew that by the end of the year there would be some legislation regarding the Bush tax cuts—however that knotty issue was to be resolved—and they came up with a plan to turn this measure into something of a Trojan horse that could contain ( or hide ) various stimulative measures . Before the midterm elections , Obama 's economic team began compiling a list of possibilities , including a payroll tax cut and various tax credits .
At a postelection meeting with labor leaders and progressive activists , several of whom were itching for a tax cut fight with the Republicans , White House aides were blunt . To win these stimulative shots , Summers told them , we 're going to have to give up on killing the tax cuts for the rich . “ Getting more for our people is more important than getting less for their people , ” they said at the meeting .
Many House Democrats , though , were leaning on the White House to mount a battle royal . “ We heard Democrats say , ‘ Let 's make them vote over and over again on tax cuts for the rich , ' ” David Axelrod , a top Obama adviser , told me afterward . “ ‘ Go until January or February and people will know that 's what the Republicans stand for . ' We were flabbergasted . They missed the overall point that taxes would go up and unemployment insurance would be lost by 2 million . Obama was determined to get something done. ” Especially now that unemployment was near 10 percent and economic forecasts were worrisome .
Weeks after the election , as Democrats on the Hill and progressives in the trenches continued to urge Obama to engage in a shoot-out with the congressional Republicans over the tax breaks for the well-to-do , the White House began ( secretly at first ) negotiating a deal with Senate Republicans , with Vice President Joe Biden and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell haggling . Obama was willing to eschew the fight their Democratic comrades yearned for in order to win something bigger and better : more stimulus to aid the ailing economy .
The president was also reluctant to see the game of chicken conclude with a crash that would result in taxes going up for the middle class and out-of-work Americans seeing the end to unemployment benefits . That could cause hardship for these Americans—and hinder the entire economy . And he , Biden , and others in the White House assumed that come the new year , the Republicans , with control of the House , would have an advantage . If Obama now stared down the GOPers and the Rs did n't blink , all the Bush tax cuts would disappear on December 31 , 2010 . Yet , presumably , the new Republican-controlled House would soon pass a bill extending all of the tax breaks . That legislation would move to the Senate , and the White House did n't trust Senate Democrats to hold the line against a measure cutting taxes for both the middle class and the high-end earners . So any major fight in December could well conclude with a Pyrrhic victory . Obama could stop the continuation of the tax breaks for millionaires , yet quite possibly only until the new Congress came to town—and there would be no new stimulus to boost the flagging economy .
There was another important factor affecting the president 's thinking . Obama was looking to rack up other accomplishments during this lame-duck session , before the House would be in the hands of tea partiers . They were hoping to end the Pentagon 's Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell policy , to ratify the New START nuclear arms reduction treaty , and pass the DREAM Act reforming immigration law . If they went DEFCON-1 on taxes with the Republicans , there would be no opportunity to steer these other measures through Congress in the holiday season , as it was wrapping up its business . It was quite clear : a bare-knuckles brawl on taxes would mean no more stimulus and no chance to abolish Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell , ratify that treaty , or pass any other legislation .
When the deal was done , many of Obama 's own political allies did not immediately recognize what they had won . To many on the outside , it did seem as if they had caved .
So Obama went after a deal . And what Biden cooked up with McConnell was pretty good for the White House . The package would extend the Bush tax cuts for all taxpayers for two years and would reduce estate taxes for the wealthy ( a move many Democrats could n't stand ) , but it also included a payroll tax cut , a child tax credit , additional unemployment insurance , renewable energy grants , and other stimulative measures . A White House chart noted that Obama had won $ 238 billion of stimulus in return for yielding on $ 114 billion in high-income tax cuts .
In a way , Obama had sacrificed a stand of principle to push a second stimulus through Congress and provide a much-needed boost to the economy . It was a tough call . As I reported in my book , Showdown : The Inside Story of How Obama Battled the GOP To Set Up the 2012 Election , there were moments when Obama nearly walked away from the deal . But they succeeded in achieving their No . 1 priority : passing legislation that would produce economic assistance . The price , though , had been to yield to the Republicans on the upper-income tax breaks and the estate tax .
In policy terms , Obama clearly had gotten the better deal . The trouble was that the political world and the public had been conditioned to see this episode as primarily a clash over the top-tier tax cuts—and on that Obama had not gotten what they wanted . Consequently , the media depicted the compromise as a loss for Obama , and progressive Democrats squawked mightily about the continuation of the tax cuts . At a White House press conference following the deal 's announcement , Ben Feller of the Associated Press challenged the president : “ You 've been telling the American people all along that you oppose extending the tax cuts for the wealthier Americans…So what I 'm wondering is when you take a stand like you had , why should the American people believe that you 're going to stick with it ? Why should the American people believe that you 're not going to flip-flop ? ” Moments later , Chuck Todd of NBC News noted that the Republicans had forced Obama “ to capitulate . ”
This was not full capitulation . It was a strategic retreat to accomplish a bigger mission . Obama , however , never told this story . Throughout that lame-duck session , few in the media and few in Democratic congressional circles had realized what Obama was trying to pull off . When the deal was done , many of Obama 's own political allies did not immediately recognize what they had won . To many on the outside , it did seem as if they had folded . As with the stimulus , the health care bill , and the middle-class tax cuts they had passed in their first year , Obama had neglected to convince the public of the value of their victory . And with 2010 coming to an end , and all eyes trained on the newly triumphant tea party , there was not much political space for this particular counternarrative . It did n't help that Summers , Axelrod , and other senior aides were not allowed to admit in public that the president had slyly achieved a second stimulus , for the S-word remained in disrepute .
Two years later , Obama still does not tell the story of that period well . In response to Yellin 's question , they did not take explicit issue with their cave-in characterization :
Well , two years ago , the economy was in a different situation . We were still very much in the early parts of recovering from the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression . And ultimately , we came together not only to extend the Bush tax cuts , but also a wide range of policies that were going to be good for the economy at that point—unemployment insurance extensions , payroll tax extension—all of which made a difference , and is part of the reason why what we 've seen now is 32 consecutive months of job growth and over 5.5 million jobs created and the unemployment rate coming down .
Yet Obama is right : the current circumstances are different , and after their reelection they are in a better position to do battle on the tax-cut front . They told Yellin :
[ W ] hat I said at the time is what I meant , which is this was a one-time proposition . And what I have told leaders privately as well as publicly is that we can not afford to extend the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy . What we can do is make sure that middle-class taxes do n't go up .
In a recent White House meeting with labor leaders and progressive activists , Obama signaled they are ready to fight the GOPers—and this time dare the Republicans to block continuing the tax cuts for the middle class . But no one ought to forget that Obama , a progressive in their policy preferences , remains a pragmatist . What happened two years ago is not an indication that Obama is likely to yield in the new face-off , but that they will be assessing the political dynamics in gridlocked Washington and be willing to bargain hard for a good deal with true benefits . That 's not caving in . It 's governing .
RIT makes top three in 2015 National Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition Future leaders of U.S. cybersecurity practice defending electric grid and critical systems
Raytheon RIT took third place in the 2015 National Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition April 24-26 . In the two-day competition , 10 of the nation 's best student teams learned to defend against cyberattacks that could threaten to shut down the U.S. electric grid . Pictured are Tommy Chin , left , Scott Vincent , Tyler Fornes , Jaime Geiger , Bryan Harmat , Jared Stroud and Bill Stackpole .
Rochester Institute of Technology 's cyber defense team took home third place at the 2015 National Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition held April 24-26 in San Antonio . This is the third consecutive year that RIT has been among the top contenders , placing second in 2014 and winning the national title in 2013 .
During the two-day competition , 10 of the best student teams in the nation worked to fend off cyberattacks from a team of industry professionals , known as the red team . Defending NCCDC champions University of Central Florida took home the first-place trophy , while University of California–Berkeley placed second .
In the real-world scenario , student teams learned to defend against cyberattacks that could threaten to shut down the U.S. electric grid . Students were “ hired ” as a replacement IT team for a mock power grid company named Stark Energy and were tasked to maintain all of its administrative and protective services .
“ In my three years on the team competing at the national competition , this year was the most difficult year yet , ” said Bryan Harmat , a fourth-year computing security student and captain of the RIT team . “ We were given a large topology and had to manage devices that we had never touched before . ”
Teams were scored based on their ability to detect and respond to outside threats and to maintain availability of existing services , such as email servers , Web servers and file servers . They also had to manage the devices that control the electrical grid , gas grid and other core infrastructure systems , known as the SCADA systems . In 2014 , the director of the National Security Agency and head of U.S. Cyber Command noted that China and “ one or two ” other countries are capable of mounting cyberattacks that would shut down the electric grid .
The RIT team also took the third-place trophy in the Panoply event , a capture-the-flag-style network attack and defense competition . In the optional Panoply event , a team of four members attacked multiple networks , scoring points for how many systems they could successfully secure and protect .
The competition also stands as an opportunity for students to meet industry professionals and sponsors in hopes of getting jobs with these organizations .
“ Throughout the entirety of the competition , representatives from companies such as Raytheon , Amazon , Facebook and Hershey 's were in and out of our room watching us work as a team , ” said Tyler Fornes , a computing security graduate student . “ We received many compliments on the way we handled incidents and worked together . ”
The RIT student team is made up of Harmat , who is from Worcester , Mass . ; Fornes , who is from Springville , N.Y. ; Ian Flournoy , a third-year applied networking and systems administration student from Rochester , N.Y. ; Michael Salsone , a fourth-year computing security student from Rockville Centre , N.Y. ; Scott Vincent , a fourth-year computing security student from Schenectady , N.Y. ; Jaime Geiger , a fourth-year computing security student from Sterling , Mass . ; Edward Mead , a fourth-year computing security student from Rochester , N.Y. ; Jared Stroud , a fourth-year computing security student from Pike , N.Y. ; Tommy Chin , a computing security graduate student from Scarborough , Maine ; Stanley Chan , a fourth-year computing security student from Brooklyn , N.Y. ; Corinne Smith , a third-year computing security major from Elverson , Pa. ; and Benjamin Bornholm , a second-year computing security major from Royersford , Pa .
The RIT team is coached by Bill Stackpole , associate professor of computing security , and Bo Yuan , associate professor and chair of RIT 's Department of Computing Security .
Other participants in the national competition included Southern Utah University , University of Nebraska Kearney , University of Alaska Fairbanks , University of Texas at San Antonio , ITT Tech Boise , University of California–Berkeley , University of Maryland–Baltimore County , DePaul University and University of Central Florida .
Fox News debuted a new lineup Monday night , featuring Sean Hannity sliding into the 9 PM slot while The Five moved back to its original 5 PM home . By the end of October , conservative commentator Laura Ingraham will take over Hannity 's old 10 PM haunt with their new program The Ingraham Angle .
And , for at least one night , those moves paid off .
For the primetime 8 PM – 11 PM block , Fox News led cable news in both total viewers and the key 25-54 demographic . Over the primetime hours , FNC averaged 2.64 million viewers and 566,000 in the key demo . Meanwhile , MSNBC finished second in both categories — 2.21 million in total and 470,000 in the demo — and CNN settled for third place with 1.3 million total viewers and a 25-54 audience of 441,000 .
In their first night going head-to-head against current cable news ratings champ Rachel Maddow , Hannity defeated the MSNBC star fairly easily . On a night where they took direct aim at their competitor and interviewed ex-White House chief strategist Steve Bannon , Hannity pulled in 3.27 million total viewers and 666,000 in the key demo , compared to Maddow 's 2.66 million overall and 591,000 in the 25-54 demographic . ( CNN 's health care town hall snagged 1.45 million viewers to finish third in the hour . )
As for The Five , it dominated the 5 PM hour in its first day back , averaging more total viewers — 2.34 million — than MSNBC 's MTP Daily and CNN 's Situation Room combined . It also pulled in far more in the key demo — 470,000 — than either of its competitors .
Now , it should be noted this is just one day , and this came during a new shift in the network 's lineup . And while Fox News dominated the day , MSNBC was able to brag that for the third quarter , Maddow was the number one program in all cable news , which underscores why Fox News tinkered with its lineup in the first place .
It also highlights why Hannity is calling this a “ new chapter in the cable news wars ” and pulling out all the stops this week with their program this week , as he 'll have former Fox News megastar Bill O'Reilly as an interview guest this evening and bring on Paul Ryan and Rush Limbaugh later this week .
[ image via Fox News ]
—
Follow Justin Baragona on Twitter : @ justinbaragona
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Cutty Love facing off with Wrestling Legend `` The Rock '' Dwayne Johnson .
Cutty Love the world 's smoothest spokes model and former train model model explain love , life and PORTOPONG .
Check out more Cutty Love on Funny or Die or watch them on YouTube .
Cutty Love Biography
Cutty Love first burst onto the scene as a pro dancer back in 1977 . Cutty 's smooth moves and expensive taste in cheap women caught the attention of network executives . In 1982 Cutty was catapulted into the hearts and homes of millions , when they were offered the role of Chip Cartwright in the 1982 television sitcom “ Who 's Walking Whom ? ” the heartwarming tale of an Ex-English Professor , who finds love and life after accepting a job as a personal dog walker for a wealthy family . The series was canceled after just three episodes , but Cutty quickly rebounded in their acclaimed film debut , playing “ Electric Willy Starks , ” a break dancing truck driver traveling the open road and serving suckers along the way . The film was aptly titled “ Breaker-Breaker. ” By 1986 Cutty had amassed an army of lady-friends and one of the finest mustaches in Hollywood , grabbing the cover of “ Stach Illustrated ” a record nine times .
Tired of the limelight , Cutty made the decision to drop out of the public eye and follow their leisure pursuits of spelunking , model train modeling , and inventing a new way of playing beer pong anywhere , on anything ( well , they did n't actually invent PORTOPONG , but he 's so smooth who could argue ? )
Wan na be as smooth as Cutty ? It 's not likely , but snag a PORTOPONG for your next outing and at least you 'll be on your way to one stash-tastically epic time .
Quotes
`` If you 're like me , you 're into fast cars , fast women and fast acting ointments . But you 're not me , luckily I am . ''
`` I may play a handsome man on TV , but I 'm also handsome in real life . ''
`` The world 's # 1 model train model . And inventor of PORTOPONG . ''
`` PORTOPONG keeps your beer in the cup , not on the floor . ''
`` I 'm so confident you 'll love PORTOPONG , I 'll shave off my moustache if you do n't . Psych . ''
`` With PORTOPONG you can play anywhere , on anything . From the mountains , to the prairies , to the Jacuzzis white with foam . ''
`` Buy a PORTOPONG in the next 10 minutes , and I 'll throw in a fresh bag of my moustache clippings . ''
`` My moustache smells like chestnuts and cedar , now that 's the smell of success . ''
`` PORTOPONG can turn even the worst party into something a little more titillating . ''
`` PORTOPONG is constructed from only the finest durable vinyl drachma can buy , that 's Greek for money . ''
`` I 'm not just a player . I 'm the inventor . ''
`` Order now and I 'll throw in my signature edition mustache comb . ''
`` Ever wonder what a two-horned unicorn might be called ? ''
`` I 'm Cutty Love , and I 'm a no-nonsense type cat . ''
`` You 'll love PORTOPONG , trust me , I 'm too good looking to lie . ''
By Grace Garey
During the first week of January , when most college students are lounging at home nursing New Year 's Eve hangovers and enjoying meals and laundry courtesy of mom , 60 California students will be working with the Berkeley-based non-profit Project Pueblo to help rebuild a Navajo Nation community devastated by a 43-year federal ban on development .
The founder of Project Pueblo is 28-year-old Sean Wycliffe . In 2002 , Wycliffe was mid-way through their second year at Cal when they opted dropped out to oversee the expansion of a marketing business he 'd started on the side . “ I wanted to be financially independent , ” Wycliffe said , “ and I knew I had a good idea , so I just went for it. ” Allowing themselves to pursue their spontaneous instincts paid off ; the business generated over $ 1 million in new revenue during their first year .
When they returned to Berkeley five years later , it was n't long before Wycliffe 's entrepreneurial tendencies kicked in again . Their minor in Global Poverty required field work , and while their peers stressed about how they would save thousands of dollars to spend the summer in a developing country , Wycliffe wondered why they could n't use the money they would have spent traveling abroad to make a more direct impact .
“ I thought , what if there was a way that I could have the same experience , but without giving all of that money to airline companies ? What if I gave it directly to the group I 'm trying to serve in the form of funding for projects on the ground ? ”
So , instead of leaving the country as many others felt they had to do , Wycliffe simply crossed a state border into Arizona to a desperately poor region of the Navajo Nation crippled by a 1966 law known as the Bennett Freeze .
The Bennett Freeze , so named because the Commissioner of Indian Affairs who in 1966 ordered the suspension of development in the region was named Robert Bennett , prohibited Navajos in the 1.5 million acre area from building new homes , schools , or roads . For over four decades , infrastructure was left to deteriorate without repair . Roofs collapsed , streets remained unpaved , and people were left without basic services . Not even gas , electric , or water lines were permitted .
Despite President Obama 's repeal of the Bennett Freeze in 2006 2009 , the residual damage was so severe that the region is still struggling to recover . Today , of the more than 8,000 families who live in the area , only 25 % have adequate shelter , 10 % have running water , and 3 % have electricity . In addition , this area heavily suffers from issues relating to uranium contamination stemming from mining during the Cold War .
After spending a week working on community projects in the area , Wycliffe knew they had to get others involved . “ I wanted to create an opportunity for people to engage in a service-driven movement that intelligently responds to the issues facing the Navajo Nation , so I founded Project Pueblo . ”
A 100 % student-led organization that conducts week-long service trips to the region several times a year , Project Pueblo partners with local organizations to implement projects that help rebuild the community .
“ In the beginning we just provided a lot of the manual labor for projects that our partner , Forgotten People , had already initiated in the community . We repaired homes , built a youth center , and supported a project to improve access to water . ”
But as Project Pueblo gained popularity in Berkeley ( this semester they are piloting a for-credit class through the university called “ Helping the Navajo Rebuild ” ) and around California ( Wycliffe expects more than 200 students from three colleges to participate this year ) , they were able to secure funding through grants , donations , and trip fees to implement larger scale projects .
“ This next trip is exciting because we are going to establish a formal mentorship program with the local Navajo high school . We want to help them navigate the college application process , which can be confusing when not a lot of people around you have done it before . Eventually I 'd love to have some of the Navajo kids go to college and become the leaders of Project Pueblo at their schools . ”
Wycliffe 's big-picture outlook and practical approach have created an organization that benefits both community it serves , and the volunteer participants .
UC Berkeley senior and Urban Studies major Dixon Li says the Project Pueblo trips are “ extremely rewarding. ” Another participant , Integrative Biology and Conflict Resolution double major Rich Pauloo , says they think everyone should spend time in a developing region of the world , even if it is in your own country , because “ the experience will viscerally demonstrate the struggle that humans endure . ”
The list of things Project Pueblo hopes to accomplish in the former Bennett Freeze is ambitious , but considering Wycliffe 's track record of turning big ideas into real accomplishments , it is likely they will succeed .
“ In the spring , we 'll be partnering with Cal Earth Institute to build an earth home with the long-term goal to use it as a prototype and build more over the summer . We 've also connected with a group of masters candidates studying resource management who have offered to come out and explore ways to expand access to water in the area . It 's all very exciting . I just hope we can continue to add value and empower people in the community . As long as we are doing that , it will be worth it . ”
Grace Garey , a Berkeley native , is a recent graduate of UC Santa Barbara .
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch kept their cool for the most part during today 's one-part-contentious-one-part-treacly confirmation hearing . Mostly the TV news cameras following the hearing lapped up their Mr. Smith Goes to Washington routine , complete with lengthy explanation to bemused Washingtonians about the fine art of “ mutton busting ” and the annual stock show parade that makes its way up Denver 's 17th Avenue each year .
But Gorsuch seemed to drop the Jimmy Stewart shtick and go more Edward Arnold when grilled by Democratic Sen. Al Franken about the Case of the Frozen Trucker . As an appeals court judge , Gorsuch famously ruled against a truck driver who claimed he 'd been wrongly fired by their employer . The trucker claimed that , after waiting a couple hours in 14-below temperatures , in their truck with frozen brakes , while their company sent help , they began suffering from hypothermia . Ignoring their supervisor 's demand to continue waiting , they unhitched their unheated truck from its malfunctioning trailer , and drove away to find warmth .
“ He gets fired , and rest of the judges all go , ‘ That 's ridiculous , you ca n't fire a guy for doing that , ' ” Franken said to Gorsuch . Noting that the driver had two options under the company 's directive : possibly freezing to death or driving a dangerous rig , “ Which would you have done ? ” Franken asked Gorsuch .
“ Senator , I do n't know what I would have done , ” Gorsuch responded , after hesitating , saying they empathized with the driver .
“ Everyone here would have done exactly what they did – and I think that 's an easy answer , ” Franken shot back impatiently .
“ It is absurd to say this company is in its rights to fire him . … I had a career in identifying absurdity , ” the Saturday Night Live alum said . “ And I know it when I see it . And it makes me question your judgment . ”
A delicious , rich , and slightly unique take on beef stew . Not so many people have heard of using coffee with beef in a stew , but trust me when I say this – you need to try it ! The deep flavors that it produces is fantastic , almost similar to fish sauce that I add in other stews or chili 's of mine .
When you 're cooking the beef , it 's imperative that you do n't overcrowd the pan . You want nice caramelized browns on the cubes of beef – adding more flavor as they cook down with the rest of the ingredients . For red wine , I normally choose a Merlot . Anything that 's under $ 12 but above $ 5 works best for me . Not too expensive , but not too cheap . Cooking with wine can add great depths of flavors – and even unique flavor combinations you might have not tasted before .
You might call me lazy on this one ( and I know sometimes I am ) , but I bought my mushrooms pre-sliced . The measurement of grams was n't taken , but if you slice your own mushrooms , it was just over 1 1/2 cup that I added to the entire recipe . The mushrooms help soak up some of the juices , and also add an essence of savory that I really enjoyed . You can garnish with a sprinkling of oregano and turmeric , but it 's not required .
Yields 6 Total Servings
The Preparation
2.5 pounds stew meat
stew meat 3 cups coffee
coffee 1 cup beef stock
beef stock 1 ½ cup baby bella mushrooms
baby bella mushrooms 2/3 cup red wine , like Merlot
red wine , like Merlot 1 medium onion
onion 3 tablespoons coconut oil
coconut oil 2 tablespoons capers
capers 2 teaspoons garlic
garlic 1 teaspoon salt
salt 1 teaspoon pepper
The Execution
1 . Cube all stew meat into bite-size chunks . Cut off excess grit . Season with 1 tsp . Salt and 1 tsp . Pepper .
2 . Slice onions , mushrooms , and mince garlic .
3 . Bring 3 Tbsp . Coconut Oil to its smoking point in a pan on the stove .
4 . Brown your beef in batches that do n't overcrowd the pan .
5 . As you finish a batch , remove the beef to a plate and continue with your other batch ( or batches ) .
6 . Brew 3 cups of strong coffee . I use a Keurig coffee maker for this .
7 . Once the beef is finished , start sauteing 1 Medium Onion , 1 1/2 Cup Mushrooms , and 2 tsp . Minced Garlic in the remaining fat .
8 . Once the onions are translucent , add 3 Cups Coffee , 1 Cup Beef Stock , 2/3 Cup Red Wine , and 2 Tbsp . Capers .
9 . Mix everything together well , then add your beef . Bring the mixture to a boil .
10 . Once mixture is boiling , turn the stove to low and cover the pan with a lid .
11 . Let this cook for 3 hours on low .
12 . If you want to , you can let this simmer without a lid for 30 minutes after the 3 hour mark . This will help reduce the liquids if you want a thicker sauce .
Makes 6 total servings . Per serving , it is 504 Calories , 32.2g Fats , 2.7g Net Carbs , and 42.5g Protein .
Coffee and Wine Beef Stew Calories Fats ( g ) Carbs ( g ) Fiber ( g ) Net Carbs ( g ) Protein ( g ) 2.5 Pounds Stew Meat 2400 150 0 0 0 250 3 Cups Coffee 7 0 0 0 0 0 1 Cup Beef Stock 45 1 0 0 0 5 1 1/2 Cup Mushrooms 30 0 3 0 3 0 2/3 Cup Red Wine ( Merlot ) 120 0 2 0 2 0 1 Medium Onion 46 0 11 2 9 0 3 Tbsp . Coconut Oil 360 42 0 0 0 0 2 Tbsp . Capers 4 0 0 0 0 0 2 tsp . Garlic 10 0 2 0 2 0 Totals 3022 193 18 2 16 255
Cincinnati Reds ' Devin Mesoraco hits an RBI single off Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Jake Arrieta , scoring Billy Hamilton , during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday . ( Photo : Charles Rex Arbogast/AP )
CHICAGO -- Maybe Devin Mesoraco is starting the cycle all over again .
Mesoraco hit a solo home run in the ninth inning of the Reds ' 7-3 loss to the Chicago Cubs .
Mesoraco 's homered in five consecutive games , tying a club record . Ted Kluszewski ( 1954 ) , George Crowe ( 1957 ) , Johnny Bench ( 1972 ) , Ken Griffey Jr. ( 2003 ) and Adam Dunn ( 2008 ) had done it previously .
But the way Mesoraco got to four straight had never been done before in the history of the major leagues .
Mesoraco hit a solo homer , followed by two-run shot , followed by a three-run shot , followed by a grand slam . No one had ever hit for the homer cycle in that order to get to four straight games .
Not enough : Meso silver lining , but Reds fall to Cubs
Erardi : Century apart , Todd Frazier same as Heinie Groh
Rule revision : Reds-Pirates game leads to MLB change
`` I was surprised , '' Mesoraco said . `` The game 's been played for so long to be the first to do anything is definitely pretty cool . ''
Mesoraco is doing more than just hitting home runs . They extended their hitting streak to seven games . He 's 11-for-24 with two doubles , five home runs and 12 RBI during the streak .
`` The other part of it is he 's doing in the fourth hole , '' said Reds manager Bryan Price . `` At times as a young hitter you can inherit some extra sense of responsibility and try to hit more home runs and manufacture things that may not be there with you on a particular night .
Your browser does not support iframes .
`` He 's staying within himself . I know it 's a cliche , but he 's doing a good job of taking what they get and not expanding that down-and-away corner which they do sometimes when he 's trying to do too much . ''
Mesoraco got the record ball -- after some negotiating with the fan who caught it .
`` Yeah , I 'm going to send them a bat , '' Mesoraco said . `` He seemed to be a fan . That was cool . ''
TaKeTV Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Germany 704 Posts Last Edited : 2012-09-24 11:32:36 # 1 UPDATE :
Due to popular demand , we 'll offer you guys now an English stream , too !
http : //www.twitch.tv/TaKeTVBStream
This Wednesday and Thursday , TaKeTV and NVIDIA has a big chunk of candy for the StarCraft II Fans :
The NVIDIA SC2 Cup !
At 16.00 o'clock , TaKe will turn on the stream and present together with NVIDIA and www.ONE.de one of the first StarCraft II Heart of the Swarm Beta tournaments . NVIDIA invited 28 players , to battle each other in the freshly released beta version of HotS !
The invited players are :
+ Show Spoiler + DarK.FoRcE
DIMAGA
Sheth
forGG
Babyknight
Nerchio
MoMaN
Destiny
Delphi
ClouD
White-Ra
BratOK
Kas
Monchi
Bly
IdrA
Machine
MorroW
TT1
BlinG
Rine
Vipro
ReaL
Fraer
BeastyQT
GoOdy
RotterdaM
kAra
High-Seeds
+ Show Spoiler + Idra – forGG – White-Ra – Nerchio
Due to popular demand , we 'll offer you guys now an English stream , too ! This Wednesday and Thursday , TaKeTV and NVIDIA has a big chunk of candy for the StarCraft II Fans : At 16.00 o'clock , TaKe will turn on the stream and present together withandone of the first . NVIDIA invited 28 players , to battle each other in the freshly released beta version of HotS ! The Brackets :
NVIDIA HotS Cup Bracket
The tournament will be played in a double-elimination grid-mode and the four high-seeds will advance to the second round by default .
Good games and brilliant tactics should be a standard with such an awesome line-up ! Also GoOdy , ClouD and Delphi are at TaKe 's place and will be playing live from there .
NVIDIA set up a prize-pool of $ 3.200 + material prizes to keep the players at a top motivation level !
And for the German guys , NVIDIA and
The cast will be in German and starts Wed , 12th at 16.00 CEST // 10.00 EST // 16.00 PST and will be brought to you by Dennis 'TaKe ' Gehlen , Bastian 'SaltTheWound ' Brouwers , Christopher 'Okko ' Mönig and Sivano 'NarutO ' Bovo !
The Stream will start at 14.00 o'clock on Thursday and lasts as long as the tournament lasts .
So do n't forget to tune in and enjoy one of the very first SC2 HotS Beta tournaments !
The tournament will be played in a double-elimination grid-mode and the four high-seeds will advance to the second round by default.Good games and brilliant tactics should be a standard with such an awesome line-up ! Also GoOdy , ClouD and Delphi are at TaKe 's place and will be playing live from there.to keep the players at a top motivation level ! And for the German guys , NVIDIA and www.ONE.de are offering you a variety of prizes , too – which will be raffled away during the tournament . All informations can be found on www.TaKeTV.net and will be brought to you by Dennis 'TaKe ' Gehlen , Bastian 'SaltTheWound ' Brouwers , Christopher 'Okko ' Mönig and Sivano 'NarutO ' Bovo ! The Stream will start at 14.00 o'clock on Thursday and lasts as long as the tournament lasts.So do n't forget to tune in and enjoy one of the very first SC2 HotS Beta tournaments ! Commentator
opterown Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Australia 42225 Posts # 2 Poll : Warhounds ?
Yes ( 178 )
58 %
No ( 131 )
42 %
309 total votes ( 178 ) 58 % ( 131 ) 42 % 309 total votes Your vote : Warhounds ? ( Vote ) : Yes
( Vote ) : No
this will be fun to watch ! this will be fun to watch ! Moderator Retired LR Bonjwa
massivez Profile Joined May 2010 Belgium 650 Posts # 3 Plz make it english
Boucot Profile Blog Joined October 2011 France 15974 Posts # 4 I love the idea and all the things TaKe is doing but IdrA top seed rather than DIMAGA ? I 'll watch it anyway but it 's just a question .
ForGG fighting ! Former SC2 writer for Millenium - twitter.com/Boucot
SilSol Profile Joined April 2012 Sweden 2736 Posts # 5 gl with this TaKe ! Amazing ! Will be really fun seeing some new strategiesgl with this TaKe ! http : //fragbite.se/user/117868/silsol since 2006 http : //www.reddit.com/u/silsol77
Ch3rry Profile Joined July 2011 Poland 189 Posts # 6 On September 11 2012 20:34 Boucot wrote :
I love the idea and all the things TaKe is doing but IdrA top seed rather than DIMAGA ? I 'll watch it anyway but it 's just a question .
My thought top seeds were given from previous performance in NVIDIA Cups . Maybe Dimaga just did n't attend for them . My thought top seeds were given from previous performance in NVIDIA Cups . Maybe Dimaga just did n't attend for them .
Frankon Profile Joined May 2010 3046 Posts Last Edited : 2012-09-11 12:55:17 # 7 and PainUser and HD win the award for the first Hots tournament by 10 hours .... Still the player pool is nice .
And we will finally have a terran wining a tournament .
Hopefully there would be a english stream .
Musicus Profile Joined August 2011 Germany 22502 Posts # 8 . What a great tournament , lineup and prize pool for a beta tournament , ca n't wait to watch it all . Well this looks way more fun than the pHD torunament ( which is still great ) , but I feel sorry for the non-germans . What a great tournament , lineup and prize pool for a beta tournament , ca n't wait to watch it all Baguette lover | I recognize the might and wisdom of my Otherworldly overlord | Serral is overrated , NaNiwa would beat them | Lilbowjwa > Maru | Make SC2 great again , bring back the old Swarm Hosts | ROACH ROACH ROACH
Wayne123 Profile Joined July 2011 88 Posts # 9 This tournament will be great . I really like the casting of Take , Naruto , Salt and Okko . They are always funny and interesting to watch . Also , we get to see HOTS played in a competitive enviroment which is awesome as well .
Cyro Profile Blog Joined June 2011 United Kingdom 19163 Posts # 10 The cast will be in German
Come on guys , throw up some english casters on another stream , even a restream , im sure you have dozens of people who would jump at the chance and viewership would increase many times over . Second HOTS tournament and has a lot of players such as IdrA that many people want to see that will not be in HD and Painuser 's tournament , its a big deal , open the floodgates Come on guys , throw up some english casters on another stream , even a restream , im sure you have dozens of people who would jump at the chance and viewership would increase many times over . Second HOTS tournament and has a lot of players such as IdrA that many people want to see that will not be in HD and Painuser 's tournament , its a big deal , open the floodgates `` oh my god my overclock ... I got a single WHEA error on the 23rd hour , 9 minutes '' -Belial88
Takuna Profile Joined April 2011 Germany 306 Posts # 11 Will you ban warhounds for this one ?
Could be really boring if you do n't ^.^ The spirits move me .
pency23 Profile Joined August 2012 Germany 105 Posts Last Edited : 2012-09-11 18:25:41 # 12 German casting is n't very hard to unterstand as an american . every name is english and most of the verbs are english words that have been changed a bit for fitting in german grammer
TaKeTV Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Germany 704 Posts # 13 Update : Included the link to the brackets Commentator
Wayne123 Profile Joined July 2011 88 Posts # 14 On September 12 2012 02:23 Cyro wrote :
Show nested quote +
The cast will be in German
Come on guys , throw up some english casters on another stream , even a restream , im sure you have dozens of people who would jump at the chance and viewership would increase many times over . Second HOTS tournament and has a lot of players such as IdrA that many people want to see that will not be in HD and Painuser 's tournament , its a big deal , open the floodgates Come on guys , throw up some english casters on another stream , even a restream , im sure you have dozens of people who would jump at the chance and viewership would increase many times over . Second HOTS tournament and has a lot of players such as IdrA that many people want to see that will not be in HD and Painuser 's tournament , its a big deal , open the floodgates
I see no reason why Take should allow an english stream for their tournament . Obviously , I don´t know their business model and how they get their ROI but to me , it wouldn´t make any sense to create an english stream .
If there would be an english stream , almost all or all non german-speakers would watch the english stream and their stream on TakeTV would lose viewers which is a bad thing . More viewers mean more money through advertising and they can present good viewership numbers to their sponsors .
Also , I do not think that he´s losing viewers because the stream is German because a Tournament like this will have enough viewers and even a lot of non-german speaking people will watch it regardless of the language . I see no reason why Take should allow an english stream for their tournament . Obviously , I don´t know their business model and how they get their ROI but to me , it wouldn´t make any sense to create an english stream.If there would be an english stream , almost all or all non german-speakers would watch the english stream and their stream on TakeTV would lose viewers which is a bad thing . More viewers mean more money through advertising and they can present good viewership numbers to their sponsors.Also , I do not think that he´s losing viewers because the stream is German because a Tournament like this will have enough viewers and even a lot of non-german speaking people will watch it regardless of the language .
chocopaw Profile Blog Joined May 2011 1812 Posts Last Edited : 2012-09-11 19:36:56 # 15 Why would you cast this in german ...... Is there at least a secondary stream ?
@ the guy above me : Well , why would the sponsors care if the viewer numbers are divided into two different streams ? No problem in having the same advertisements in both of them .
I speak german , but I absolutely do not enjoy watching streams in it . http : //twitter.com/lechocopaw
Musicus Profile Joined August 2011 Germany 22502 Posts # 16 I do n't think Take should use an english secondary stream , I 'd rather wish that for tournaments like this or S2tW they would invite for example Kaelaris or Hasuobs or Socke to their place . With an english caster take is totally capable of co-casting in english . Even Naruto and Take could do it I bet , look at the Ministry of Win people . Baguette lover | I recognize the might and wisdom of my Otherworldly overlord | Serral is overrated , NaNiwa would beat them | Lilbowjwa > Maru | Make SC2 great again , bring back the old Swarm Hosts | ROACH ROACH ROACH
00Visor Profile Blog Joined February 2011 4227 Posts # 17 On September 12 2012 03:50 Wayne123 wrote :
Show nested quote +
On September 12 2012 02:23 Cyro wrote :
The cast will be in German
Come on guys , throw up some english casters on another stream , even a restream , im sure you have dozens of people who would jump at the chance and viewership would increase many times over . Second HOTS tournament and has a lot of players such as IdrA that many people want to see that will not be in HD and Painuser 's tournament , its a big deal , open the floodgates Come on guys , throw up some english casters on another stream , even a restream , im sure you have dozens of people who would jump at the chance and viewership would increase many times over . Second HOTS tournament and has a lot of players such as IdrA that many people want to see that will not be in HD and Painuser 's tournament , its a big deal , open the floodgates
I see no reason why Take should allow an english stream for their tournament . Obviously , I don´t know their business model and how they get their ROI but to me , it wouldn´t make any sense to create an english stream .
If there would be an english stream , almost all or all non german-speakers would watch the english stream and their stream on TakeTV would lose viewers which is a bad thing . More viewers mean more money through advertising and they can present good viewership numbers to their sponsors .
Also , I do not think that he´s losing viewers because the stream is German because a Tournament like this will have enough viewers and even a lot of non-german speaking people will watch it regardless of the language . I see no reason why Take should allow an english stream for their tournament . Obviously , I don´t know their business model and how they get their ROI but to me , it wouldn´t make any sense to create an english stream.If there would be an english stream , almost all or all non german-speakers would watch the english stream and their stream on TakeTV would lose viewers which is a bad thing . More viewers mean more money through advertising and they can present good viewership numbers to their sponsors.Also , I do not think that he´s losing viewers because the stream is German because a Tournament like this will have enough viewers and even a lot of non-german speaking people will watch it regardless of the language .
They could let someone stream on their B-Stream with their sponsors and take all ( or most ) of the advertisement money .
I bet a lot of upcoming casters would be excited about the opportunity alone to cast such a high-profile tournament - without earning anything . They could let someone stream on their B-Stream with their sponsors and take all ( or most ) of the advertisement money.I bet a lot of upcoming casters would be excited about the opportunity alone to cast such a high-profile tournament - without earning anything .
FishStix Profile Joined April 2010 United States 422 Posts # 18 Dude , stacked tournament + HotS , such win I do stuff in eSports
FeyFey Profile Joined September 2010 Germany 10106 Posts Last Edited : 2012-09-11 21:12:16 # 19 Take you are casting to much i do n't get anything done anymore ; _ ; . But things like the burger just make everything awesome . Was almost dieing of laughter that day .
Wooo i am a ghost XD
blade55555 Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United States 17354 Posts Last Edited : 2012-09-11 21:15:36 # 20 Damn I want an open tournament for hots t-t. Will watch though for sure : D When I think of something else , something will go here
1 2 3 4 5 24 25 26 Next All
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- A warning of more attacks on UK bankers was made on Wednesday after the home of former Royal Bank of Scotland boss Fred Goodwin was vandalized .
A recovery vehicle removes a Mercedes from the Edinburgh home of Fred Goodwin .
Windows were smashed in Goodwin 's house in the Scottish capital Edinburgh and those of a Mercedes-Benz limousine parked outside .
It is not known if anyone was at home at the time . Goodwin -- dubbed `` Fred the Shred '' by the media for their ruthless cost-cutting -- and their family have not been living in the house since it was revealed that the 50-year-old Goodwin was receiving an annual pension of $ 1 million ( £700,000 ) for life .
A statement issued to media organizations including the Press Association after the attack said : `` We are angry that rich people , like him , are paying themselves a huge amount of money and living in luxury , while ordinary people are made unemployed , destitute and homeless .
`` Bank bosses should be jailed . This is just the beginning . ''
No group was named in the message and it did not explicitly claim responsibility for the attack .
Goodwin took early retirement after RBS nearly collapsed amid the economic crisis and was later part-nationalized . Watch more on the attack »
On the same day as the size of their pension was revealed RBS announced a UK record loss of $ 34.6 billion ( £24.1 billion ) for 2008 .
Politicians and commentators have expressed fury about the deal and excessive bonuses being given by bailed-out banks .
Britain 's Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling , head of the Treasury , urged Goodwin to give up their pension . They refused , saying they had already given up a number of contractual rights which had cost them a lot of money . Watch consternation at Goodwin 's £16 million pension fund »
The statement warning of more attacks on bankers came days after AIG sent a memo to employees giving them security advice as fury grows in the U.S. over millions paid out in bonuses by the bailed-out U.S. insurance giant .
Employees were warned not to wear the company logo , to travel in pairs and park in well-lit places , and to phone security if they notice anyone `` spending an inordinate amount of time near an AIG facility . ''
AIG employees have received death threats since the company handed out $ 165 million ( £115 million ) in bonuses and security at AIG offices has been increased .
And last month British police warned that officers were preparing for a `` summer of rage '' as protests mount across Europe against the economic crisis .
David Hartshorn , who heads the Metropolitan Police 's public order branch , said growing unemployment , failing companies and the recession could spark a `` mass protest . ''
Hartshorn said the G-20 economic summit starting next week could lead to unrest as leaders of the world 's richest nations head to London .
All About The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc • Alistair Darling
I first encountered this closet phenomenon of parenting and pet annoyance when I was 23 and had just started dating my now husband .
We were invited to dinner by a couple we did n't know well . They were older ( like , 30 or even 31 which sounds horribly old when you are 23 ) and they had a baby who was spending the night at Grandma 's .
I was enchanted with their friendly orange cat . Our hosts , however , were not thrilled with him .
I politely looked at the baby photo . And then continued to ask questions about the cat . What their name was and how old they were and all the things I was supposed to be asking about the baby . I was 23 . Babies were not on my radar and thus , very alien to me .
It became clear that our hosts were truly irritated by their cat . They admitted that they used to love them to pieces ( as evidenced by the framed cat photos on the walls ) but that their adoration had faded since having their daughter .
I was shocked . And appalled . The mom concluded with a dismissive `` You 'll understand when you have kids '' and I decided that they were a cold-hearted animal hater .
I knew I 'd never , ever be like that .
Fast forward a bunch of years . We now have two cats that we pamper . We take photos with them . We buy them fancy collars , toys and treats . We sing songs about them . We are a `` two cat couple '' and we are proud .
I even talk about them on the phone with my mother and they ask me how they are doing .
And then I get pregnant !
But being pregnant only makes me more maternal towards my cats . I smugly think of that cold-hearted animal hating mom . I am going to be nothing like her !
To prepare for the baby 's arrival , I get one of those little bassinet things . The cat loves it . I love that they love it . They are welcoming the baby ! I even take photos of them sleeping in it . Several .
But after the baby is born I feel a little different . Just a little . And only about the bassinet .
At least at first .
Cats do not wear underwear . They should .
Somehow , this fact never bothered me until I had kids . Now it bothers me often .
This is how not to pick up , hug or otherwise touch a cat :
And yet this is how they always do it .
But it is n't the kitty 's fault . Ca n't hold it against him .
Ca n't blame them for the cat puke on the floor either . Or how the toddler always finds it first .
Or how they are right under my feet all the time .
Or that they jump up on my lap the first moment I have to myself after a full day of kids hanging off me . When I just . want . to . be . alone .
But there is something that puts me in cold-hearted animal hater territory . Something they do that makes me fully relate to that mom I mentally berated for years .
And this is what it is…
The toddler falls asleep . Finally . I tiptoe out of the room , attempting to walk without actually touching the floor for fear of creaking floorboards .
My exit is successful !
Until the cats realize that someone in the house is asleep which sets off their meow alarm .
Sometimes they even go in the room the baby is asleep in .
Even worse is when both cats start tearing through the house , chasing each other and making sure the upholstery is adequately destroyed .
The upholstery destruction procedure is accompanied by the blaring meow alarm .
The good news is that they only do this when someone is about to fall asleep or just fell asleep . And sometimes all night long . And also very early in the morning .
Okay , I admit it . My cats are annoying as hell .
To the cold-hearted mom from years back : You were right . Wan na see some baby photos ?
———–
8/3/11 Update : Okay . Okay . I ca n't believe I 'm doing an update over what I thought was an innocent post . No , I do n't advocate abandoning cats or wishing for their deaths . Yes , there are some horrible comments below from other people saying those things . Other people , as in , not ME . I 'm annoyed with my cats . End of story . I still love them and take care of them . Some of the comments make me very , very sad .
HERE has an important place in the storied history of Windows phones , with HERE serving as Nokia 's rebranded Windows Phone mapping solution , then HERE removing its apps from Windows 10 , and then finally Nokia selling HERE to a consortium of German automakers . HERE remains a going concern with apps for Android and iOS , and today the company announced a major change to both the branding of its maps offerings but also to the apps themselves .
The HERE 360 blog says it best : “ Goodbye HERE Maps . Say hello to HERE We Go. ” Cuteness aside , the rebranding demonstrates a new focus on helping users quickly determine “ the best way to get to where they want to go , ” rather than merely offering up the standard “ where am I at ? ” mapping fare .
The following video provides an overview of the new functionality :
The primary changes to the app include the following features .
“ Where to ”
The app now starts with a “ Where to ? ” prompt in the search box , saving a click from selecting the “ find a route ” icon that was previously located all the way at the bottom of the screen . The idea here is to put the idea of getting somewhere front and center in the new app .
Route Comparison
Next , HERE is focusing on helping users determine the best way to get somewhere , comparing not just driving routes but also transport options . As HERE puts it :
Starting today we are beginning to roll out new transport options . In the many major cities in which it operates , alongside the existing car , public transit , cycling and pedestrian options , you 'll find new options from car-sharing firm Car2Go . This will show you where the nearest available cars are on the map , with the estimated cost of using the rented car to get to your destination , the fuel level and more details about the car . You can even just press a button to launch the Car2Go app and reserve a car on the spot .
Bicycle Route Improvements .
HERE has made some significant changes to bicycle routing , adding in elevation profiles to help users determine up front just how taxing a ride will be .
HERE 's Direct of Consumer Experiences , Patrick Weissert , provided some background info on the changes :
“ We 're in the midst of a massive change – a mobility revolution – and the new app reflects this. ” “ The first two urban mobility revolutions came with the railways and then cars . They gave birth to large cities and then the suburbs . “ Now we 're changing again . Urban mobility is becoming an on-demand service . Increasingly , in metropolitan areas , people do n't need to own a car any more . Instead , there 's a fast-moving , emerging landscape of car-sharing , bike-sharing , scooter-sharing , carpooling , peer-to-peer rental and ride-hailing services , there are even providers now offering flight sharing ! ”
If you 're an Android or iOS user , then HERE We Go is available to you immediately . You can download the apps from the links below . The Android app has the features immediately , and the iOS app will turn into HERE We Go after the next update .
Share This
Further reading : Android
How the Dutch Media is on the paper trail of Trump money laundering in the Netherlands
Cool , calm and collected – everything Donald J. Trump is not , Dutch media are calmly but steadily on the trail of what could best be described as toilet paper hanging from their pants . You can try and deny it but the facts are there , Donny . We look for you at night .
Back in 2009 Barack Obama called the Netherlands a tax haven , together with places like the Cayman Islands , and struck the Dutch right in our tiny , little sensitive hearts . But was they wrong ? Well , there 's some nuance to it , but the country is earning some sweet pocket money for this side gig . But it appears that the Netherlands ' banking system may actually have one little gem in store for former president Obama and a total nightmare for “ President 45 ” .
Trump money laundering in the Netherlands : Socialist TV and Steak Ketchup – You 're about to get served !
In comes ZEMBLA , by Dutch network VARA ( a historically socialist media network no less ! ) and widely known – even internationally – for digging so deep it once reached the molten core of the Earth and confirmed the current US Administration had set up camp there for the 2016 elections .
But , in all seriousness , this is a trustworthy news source and they 've got something so good it trumps steak with ketchup : a paper trail leading directly to Trump money laundering in the Netherlands and their connections to the Russians .
You see , Trump used to be a “ successful ” business person – given you ignore all the bankruptcies and lawsuits – and did many investments through a company called Bayrock . Guess where this Pokémon-sounding investment company is headquartered ? Tax Haven Holland !
Oh , and ZEMBLA has all the little receipts – it 's pure money laundering , by setting up in the Netherlands in 2007 , it laundered $ 1,5 million dollars . And the company is in hot water already , the State of New York is doing investigations into their tax fraud , large scale tax fraud – and Donald is a key figure . According to attorney F. Oberlander – prosecuting on behalf of New York State – the maximum jail term could be as long as 30 years ! But it does n't end there ! There 's more ! This was just the appetizer !
Now we 're heading for the steak – Trump , and Bayrock , have been working closely with some third parties , namely the Georgian-born Tamir Sapir and Kazakhstani Tevfik Ari and formed a new joint company Bayrock/Sapir Organization , LLC . Guess what ? That company has been accused of grand scale fraud . Oh , and guess what else ? That company was the developer behind Trump SoHo , the hotel condiminium Trump bought into for nearly 20 % back in 2005 . Soviet/Russian-ties confirmed . Nice .
Ad
But it keeps getting better , this is the proverbial ketchup on the steak . Remember Rudy Giulliani ? Sure you do , top lawyer , former mayor of New York and current advisor to the Trump Administration . Well guess what the legal company backing Trump 's Bayrock is called ? Bracewell & Giulliani…
And guess what else ? ZEMBLA has access to the communications between Bracewell & Giulliani and several dark figures in the former USSR . And I really do mean dark – people that embezzled hundreds of millions , people that were fugitives and had fraudulent government roles supporting controversial regimes . These people have worked with , and are directly tied to , Donald J. Trump .
Trumpocalypse Now – Watch it Melt .
It 's all starting to add up , thanks to a letter box firm in Amsterdam and a TV network with a socialist tradition . This could potentially , and very real , be the bells that usher in the Trumpocalypse , these are the kind of ties that nobody wants to be confronted with . They are on paper and kept in a trusted , friendly nation – so cleaning up your tracks wo n't be as easy . Bet they would n't have dug into on the Cayman Islands . You 're welcome President Obama…
And all this after Trump so graciously responded to our “ Holland Second ” -request . Sorry , Don .
EDIT – Apologies to all who could n't access the site earlier – I clearly was n't prepared for the amount of traffic that reddit can generate . By the way – if you enjoy this page , you might also enjoy the Flowers for Alan Turing Project…
A little while ago I was given a lift back to London by a friend . On the way back down the motorway we had one of those wide-ranging decisions that one can have – this one included the nature of trust , the likelihood of humans committing a crime if they knew nobody could see them and some complex relationship between star wars and popular rap albums .
My friend was far far too polite to accept fuel money at the time so when I was writing my thank-you notes ( which tend to go as postcards ) I made the point of attached some money for fuel .
This utterly confused all witnesses . The idea of attaching money to a postcard with a staple was apparently heresy . I had to have a number of conversations of the form
Them : you ca n't do that Me : why ? Them : because it will go missing ! Me : who will steal it ? Them : the mail carrier ! Me : but they do n't steal the rest of my mail… Them : how do you know ?
So partly out of stubbornness I persisted with sending the letter – on the principle that I was willing to risk £10 to prove the innate trustworthiness of human beings in general and the honour of mail carriers in particular .
Several days later – I get the following photos by email :
Success !
Here 's what I particularly love about this – when it reached the sorting office , someone clearly decided that the £10 was too much of a temptation , and so took the time to fetch and address by hand a new envelope – which strongly implies that the people at the Royal Mail are much more trustworthy than they even believe themselves to be 🙂
Yay for humans !
EDIT – in response to this comment “ An article about theft based on an idea stolen from a TV show that aired three weeks ago . Irony ! ” from Bill . I 've done a bit of googling ( Reddit tells me the show in question is a Dave Gorman one on Dave ) – I understand that the show in question was broadcast at 10pm on the 1st October ( from this forum thread ) , which is ( actually , only by a few hours ) after I posted the thing – I 've unredacted ( new word ? ) enought of the picture to show the postmark… I would have said that the irony is that it 's an article about trust , that is n't trusted 🙂
YouTube has been trending in the news due to various reports from YouTube creators displaying notifications received from the video-sharing website saying that their videos have been demonetized . In case you 're unfamiliar with how YouTube stars earn money , they have an AdSense account which allows them to earn revenue from ads on their videos . When a video is demonetized , it means the creator is unable to receive income from the AdSense revenue from said video .
The company , unfortunately , has the right to do this . In fact , they 've been demonetizing videos since 2012 , when they first introduced their new “ ad-friendly ” guidelines . At the time , and today , the company uses an algorithm to remove videos that do not follow the rules . But , even though the company has previously held guidelines for ad-friendly content , the descriptions of what is considered ad-friendly are vague and seem to censor creators , rather than help them create better content .
YouTube 's relationship with advertisers and creators
YouTube has been around since 2005 , but did n't start growing in popularity until it was purchased by Google in 2006 and featured on the cover of Time magazine with its originators and creators marked ‘ Person of the Year . ' When YouTube first came about , it was focused on growing its user community because , well , without users , what would be the point of YouTube ?
In 2007 , the YouTube Awards became a thing where content creators could be recognized for making the best videos , likely kicking off a round of inspiration for those who wanted to be internet-famous . We have Snapchatters and Insta-famous photographers today , but YouTube gave birth to the original “ video blogger , ” or vlogger star . It might have been an unexpected audience for the founders of YouTube , but as people started to become celebrities from their videos shared online , a huge community ( and audience ) started to form .
Thus , YouTube has been a huge part of our culture—from watching viral videos , to streaming movies and music videos , to seeing YouTube stars interview celebrities and even President Obama . In 2014 , YouTube reached one billion users .
Once ads started rolling out , viewers would get frustrated and annoyed , but , bringing advertisers into the spotlight allowed creators to monetize their videos , therefore , people who were getting lots of views could start to earn a living off their craft .
There are two ways monetization works with ads on YouTube . The first is the ‘ unskippable ad ' , which is generally 15-to-18 seconds long and is an ad you have to watch in order to view the video . Advertisers are always charged for these ads because you have to see it . The second is the ‘ skippable ad ' where you 're allowed to skip the ad after five seconds . If you skip the ad , an advertiser wo n't be charged . Users are able to determine which type of format they want on their videos , though YouTube recommends “ allowing all ad formats on your videos to maximize your earnings . ”
Though it 's a hot topic these days , monetization and demonetizing videos is n't new for YouTube . Almost ten months after Google purchased the video-sharing service ; YouTube started rolling out its first ads within videos . Back then , a 15-second ad would just pop up on the bottom of your screen and sit for ten seconds or until you clicked it away .
What has changed is how YouTube prioritizes its relationship with its advertisers over its creators . YouTube has always appeared to have a big heart for its creators-we 've all seen those fun billboards with the screenshot of a star and cute message saying , “ You : give cupcakes superpowers. ” But , the reality is that those ads came about when ad executives asked YouTube to do a better job at promoting its creators . Sure , the ad agencies wanted to make sure they were making more money , but I think it 's funny that they had to ask YouTube to run a promotion for its creators to do so .
Now that creators are flourishing on YouTube , the company wants to keep its advertisers happy and make sure they want to be involved with the content being created . Thus , it started rolling out guidelines back in 2012 and though creators were always aware of it , the advertiser-friendly guidelines are vague and essentially censor anyone who curses , has a sexual sense of humor or discusses controversial topics .
Censoring its creators
Back in 2015 , YouTube was treading in hot water when it forced creators who made money from ad revenue to sign a deal for its $ 9.99 monthly YouTube Red subscription . Anyone who did not comply with the deal would have their videos publicly hidden in ad-supported and ad-free sections of the site . What 's happening today is that creators have to comply with a set of advertiser-friendly guidelines or their content will be flagged and removed from the site .
For example , on it 's guidelines for creating ad-friendly content , YouTube says , “ Controversial or sensitive subjects and events , including subjects related to war , political conflicts , natural disasters and tragedies , even if graphic imagery is not shown . ”
Matt Ciampa , aka BrickBoys518 on YouTube , has been making videos since 2009 . Their channel is filled with Lego tutorials of anything from furniture to cars , and aims the video toward kids and young adults , with the occasional older fan . Having started their videos during the early days of YouTube , Ciampa says they sort of grew with the platform , but has since gotten out of practice and does n't post as frequently as they used to . Though they do not make more than enough to sustain the hobby and channel , their videos are monetized .
“ I was annoyed when I heard about the policy update , but not necessarily surprised , ” Ciampa said in an interview with Paste . “ YouTube has a history of making unfavorable and unexpected changes ( re : basically every major site redesign ) . I did n't find out about the policy though , until my newest video would n't monetize . ”
Like many other YouTube creators , Ciampa received a message stating that the video would not monetize because it was n't advertiser friendly . The reason being that Ciampa used a Lego SWAT truck . However , after a closer look , Ciampa says they probably should n't have tagged “ hostage negotiation ” on the video . Fortunately , YouTube does allow users to resubmit videos for review , so after removing the questionable tags , Ciampa was able to get their video reviewed .
“ It 's just another detailed and nuanced process that YouTube has decided to outsource to an undeserving algorithm . Any person could watch my video and realize it 's safe , but the algorithm immediately flagged a tag , ” described Ciampa about the algorithm YouTube uses to demonetize a video .
By using an algorithm to censor creators who do n't follow the vague rules of what 's considered inappropriate by it , YouTube is taking a flawed approach to making its site better for creators and advertisers . But , it is a smart decision on the company 's part , as Ciampa notes that it 's a incredibly large company and there 's no way humans could possibly keep up with moderating all the content that 's being uploaded .
“ Using a computer to filter things is instantaneous , ” says Ciampa . “ But at the same time , this algorithm ca n't make inferences , so simple issues with phrasing can prevent people from monetizing . ”
What happens next ?
YouTube , like Facebook , has learned the hard way that algorithms , though convenient and quick , do n't necessarily work perfectly . As Ciampa stated , someone could have an innocent video up , but due to tagging or a word that seems inappropriate out of context , the video would be taken down because the algorithm does n't get it . Unless the company works out a different approach , it 's likely YouTube creators will start to leave its platform-and then advertisers would follow when there 's nothing left to monetize .
“ They need human moderators that can think and infer and understand the bigger picture , ” says Ciampa . “ I do n't expect to leave YouTube over this , but Vid.me is looking very tempting as a secondary platform . ”
It 's been an abrupt fall — figuratively and literally — for the U.K . Independence Party , which this summer saw its dream of a British withdrawal from the European Union come to pass but Thursday saw its would-be next leader laid out cold on the floor after a fistfight with a rival over the party 's next act .
The famously fractious anti-immigration party has been plagued by discord , factionalism and a draining leadership battle since the stunning “ Brexit ” vote in June crowned UKIP 's 20-year fight to leave the EU . Longtime UKIP leader Nigel Farage stepped down as party leader shortly after the vote , and successor Diane James lasted just 18 days in the post before announcing this week they were quitting as well .
But the feuding reached a new level Thursday after Steven Woolfe , a member of the EU Parliament and the favorite to succeed Ms. James , was rushed to a French hospital after what Mr. Farage called an “ altercation ” with another UKIP member at a meeting of party leaders . Mr. Woolfe , 49 , suffered seizures shortly after the bout and was photographed lying face down on the floor before being taken for medical treatment .
British press reports said that Mr. Woolfe 's sparring partner was Mike Hookem , a fellow UKIP member of the European Parliament , who was apparently challenged by Mr. Woolfe to take their political disagreements outside after a particularly heated exchange .
“ It is believed that Steven banged their head against a structure — a window or a wall — but they got up , ” one witness told the BBC , with the confrontation coming after a “ rumbustious ” disagreement about the direction of the party .
Mr. Farage told reporters later , “ It was two grown men getting involved in an altercation . It 's not very seemly behavior . But I 'm not , today , going to get involved in the blame game and name names and say who did what , but it should n't have happened . ”
UKIP appeared to be on top of the political world after the Brexit vote , defying the political establishment and sparking the referendum that cost anti-Brexit Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron their job .
Shut out
But despite being Britain 's third-largest party , UKIP under the country 's first-past-the-post parliamentary electoral system had only one seat in the 650-seat House of Commons , and party leaders were divided over whether to ally with the ruling Conservatives . Mr. Woolfe , who did not originally challenge Ms. James because their application to run came in a quarter-hour too late , reportedly was on the outs with others in the party after admitting recently they had considered defecting to the Conservatives because they were “ enthused ” by new Prime Minister Theresa May 's social agenda .
The Brexit vote also meant the party 's rallying cry and fundamental goal had been met , leaving no clear direction for the future .
Mr. Farage , the face of the party , exacerbated the uncertainty with their abrupt decision to step down , saying their “ political ambition has been achieved. ” A member of the European Parliament himself , Mr. Farage at the time described UKIP voters as the “ turkeys that voted for Christmas . ”
UKIP officials say the party has a clear mission in making sure the lengthy negotiations ahead over Britain 's divorce from the EU are conducted properly , and that the party 's signature issue of controlling immigration is protected . But Mr. Farage 's departure meant a vacuum at the top at a time when the party was divided over how closely to work with Ms. May and other factions in the Brexit coalition .
Mr. Farage was forced to come back on a temporary basis as party leader after Ms. James stepped down Tuesday , for reasons that remain unclear . They told reporters they felt they lacked “ sufficient authority ” to head the party — a sign of the divisions that have come to the fore since the Brexit vote .
“ I keep trying to escape and before I 'm fully free , they keep dragging me back , ” Mr. Farage said .
Mr. Woolfe , a lawyer of mixed African-American , Jewish and Irish Catholic roots , had said it was their ambition to build UKIP into Britain 's main opposition party , targeting the badly divided Labor Party in its traditional working-class base .
Raheem Kassam , Mr. Farage 's former chief of staff , was seen as a main challenger to Mr. Woolfe . They criticized the “ chicanery and duplicity ” among party leaders and called for a “ strong , united UKIP free of Tory splitters . ”
Despite the scary images of Mr. Woolfe splayed out unconscious on the floor , they were reported later Thursday to be conscious and recovering after being given a CT scan at the hospital .
“ I am feeling brighter , happier and smiling as ever , ” they said in a statement . “ The only consequence at the moment is a bit of numbness on the left-hand side of my face . ”
Police in Strasbourg , where the European Parliament in based , said Thursday evening that the fight had not been reported to authorities . Mr. Farage said the party was launching its own investigation into the incident .
“ It never looks good , ” the UKIP leader said . “ It makes us look like a Third World parliament . It 's not good . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
On the cusp of their win in Oregon and narrow defeat in Kentucky Tuesday , Bernie Sanders held a really long rally in Carson , California , and the first speaker at that rally exposed one of the key weaknesses or strengths of Sanders ' campaign , depending on your point of view . Actor Nick Zano kicked off the proceedings with a five-minute speech that sort of focused on women , in that Zano mentioned being raised by “ seven women from three different generations , ” then joked “ Please , unless you 're clapping that I survived , thank you . ”
The actor then proceeded to explain to the crowd what they learned from living with seven women , and how things might have been different with a leader like Bernie Sanders in charge :
You learn a lot about being a man when you live in a small house with seven women . But if I 'm being totally honest , all they told me is what they did n't like about men . And I did n't know what women liked for years , I still do n't quite have a grasp on it today .
You do n't say ? I 'm pretty sure they really like being described as something you “ survived , ” stick with that .
I waited through the whole five-minute speech for Zano to circle back and explain how living with these women enriched their life , or how they followed their example to achieve success or something , but the actual point of the story was that these women would n't have been such miserable man-haters if they 'd only had equal , livable pay .
Even if you want to ignore that ham-fistery , though , what Zano then does is immediately pivot away from equal pay to a policy that 's for everyone , the $ 15 minimum wage , which is the Sanders campaign 's philosophy in a nutshell . Whatever is good for everyone is especially good for you , women , black people , Hispanics , LGBTQ people , and what 's good for everyone is usually whatever is bad for millionaires and billionaires . It 's a strength for anyone who thinks that the key to Democratic victory is wooing white independents while trusting everyone else to come around once they get to know Bernie , but it 's a weakness for everyone else .
This is an opinion piece . The views expressed in this article are those of just the author .
Kent Beck captured from hack.summit ( ) 2016
Pondd Sugthana Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 27 , 2016
I deleted my favourite game in the world , Civ V , a game I have played over 1200+ hours over the past 5 years . Parting was hard , but necessary , so I could free up time to do more writing .
I have a few writing exercises under my belt . They are ok . Nothing is groundbreaking . But today , I have been given a challenge to write about Kent Beck in their remote interview from hack.summit ( ) 2016
Kent Beck 's Life
The interview starts with a few questions about their home life and their children . Their 5 children were home-schooled with the latest one just about to enter college .
They live in a rural area with their wife . They grow their own food and keep a light pack of livestock . Most of their friends are non-tech people . This is rather strange . I did n't expect the father of extreme programming , the co-founder of the Agile movement , the advocate of test driven development , and a senior engineer at Facebook to not be living in the holy land of technology — Silicon Valley . Instead , they choose a simple life and works remotely .
Their day job at Facebook
Kent 's day-to-day work at Facebook is mostly one on one coaching . It is about 80 % of the time . They recall their younger years , when they were mentored and learned a great deal from that period in their life .
When they first got to Facebook , they found themselves surrounded by better programmers than they are . But there was a lack of mentoring . So that is where they start their contribution .
Their mentoring also spread out into classes if they taught the same topic to many of their students . The topics are diverse , starting from very basics , like time-management and how to self-prioritise . Their goal is to turn Facebook into a place where one can become a good engineer , instead of a place where you do good engineering . Not everyone had to be thrown into the deep end .
Most of it is done via pair programming and remotely .
Their exploration works
Kent said something very interesting . They said it is a responsible of an engineer to research . Most of the time should be invested in working on something that will pay off . But also , one must do something risky that may or may not pay off .
There is also a book in the works , as well , titled , “ How Facebook works . ”
Best practices ?
When asked if their any best practices they encourage people to follow at Facebook , they said something very interesting . They said to imagine talking to a dog . When you point a finger at a chicken , a dog would n't understand . It will look at the finger , instead of the chicken . No matter how hard you point .
So , that is how they felt about best practices . The focus on best practice is dangerous . There is no point telling people what Facebook is tracking or doing , because that is the finger , not the chicken .
They said , do n't look at the numbers or practices . That is the finger . The chicken is the sense of a shared and common goal . How you get there depends on each organisation .
Just learn the practice and copy it . That is the finger . It is not the point .
JavaScript and its mess
When asked about design pattern on how to tackle a messy work of asynchronous development in JavaScript , they are not sure , because they have not worked on that for some time .
Instead , they refer to their principle . They said to focus on the feedback cycle and the length of that . What would you have to do to make the feedback cycle run 50 % faster .
If somebody coded for an hour before they learned the impact of the code , it takes too long . The goal is to make it easier and faster to catch the error .
On Test Driven Development ( TDD )
On a normal workflow , it is development and then testing to see if it runs and if the feedback cycle is long . Now , the CPU runs much faster , but people have not yet fully used it .
Then comes Test Driven Development . We start with the end in mind . Start with the test . What would need to be tested so the programme would pass then write the code itself . It will fail in the beginning because the test can not locate the function or the code it is meant to test . But then , you code and make the test code pass .
How does one get started in TDD ?
Simple , start by writing your first test .
They then expands that it is about writing a test for the code that has not existed yet . Sometimes , you can use test framework . Sometimes , it can just be a shell script checking the expected result .
The goal is , instead of looking at the requirements and implementing a solution for it , TDD starts with thinking about how to test those requirements before writing a solution for it . That is the essence of TDD .
Then it becomes the feedback cycle , code coverage , and optimizing .
TDD at Facebook
Kent shares their first time joining Facebook . It was around the time of internal Hackathon . It is an event that covers many areas , including lectures . So , they decided that being the “ great Kent Beck ” master of TDD and Agile , people will want to learn testing from him .
The signup sheet turns up empty , while the other classes were full . That was a real shock to him . So , this got them thinking . Could this place just be a “ clown show ” , where people just do not know what they were doing . But then , they realised Facebook is using software to deliver value to people on a massive scale . They ca n't be just a “ clown show . ”
So they pretended they knew nothing about software development and to see what Facebook would teach him .
It turned out there were already many feedback loops in place at Facebook , just not in the traditional sense of unit testing and frameworks . Because TDD , in a traditional sense , is not a cost effective way to get feedback . Facebook is doing things on a large-scale , many of which have not been attempted before . So , there is no way to know what the expectations would be . Instead , they get the feedback loop from monitoring and the ability to partially roll things in and out .
Fast feedback loop and TDD
The next question is in a start-up scene , where people must validate an idea quickly , so would TDD make sense ?
Kent said it depends on latency or time to deploy . Sometimes , writing a test first may cause a delay in time to deploy because of the extra overhead . But sometimes , without writing a test first , the code might get too completed and take time to sorted out which caused delay in time to deploy .
Innovation comes from a cycle of learning . So do the thing that will shorten the learning cycle as much as possible . That is the chicken . Writing a test before or after or not at all — that is the finger .
About 5 years ago , before they joined Facebook , they worked on a PHP project . They cranked on a poker project , and they started with an interface . It was a simple HTML code , and they coded and ran it to see what it looks like — a fast feedback loop . Then they worked on the backend bit in PHP . Here , they used TDD , because in this case , many edge cases are very dangerous , and they may spend a lot of time trying to debug their way out if the code written without using TDD .
The key is latency .
Current Agile practices community
When asked about what they would change in the current Agile practices community , Kent Beck said they have attended no Agile conferences for a long time now — they were busy being Agile .
From the echoes they got from the people around him , they think people know the Agile practices , like Scrum and Kanban , well . But to go back and use their old metaphor . Those are the finger , not the chicken .
They encourage people to step back to think about what they are trying to do then step back in and do that . Focus on how to shorten the cycle . Kanban is the finger ; the chicken is making sure people are not overworked and creating flow .
On Documentation
Should code be commented ? Again , Kent Beck went back to their analogy . Commenting the code is the finger . There is always a trade-off . The biggest cost in software development is opportunity cost about the work not done . That 's why removing work is powerful .
In this sense , a balance is looked at . The chicken , again , is the feedback loop . How much time will be saved by commenting the code ? If there is a large team working on a common piece of code , then commenting it saves time for other people that must be spent trying to understand the code . But , if this code is a “ Prove of concept ” , nobody will come in and read the code . So , the cost of comment creates no benefit .
Commenting the code is a means of communication . It can also be diagrams or a test or pair programming . It does n't matter what it is .
Also , if the comment is redundant , then they would remove it .
They touch a little on designing/refactoring the code so well that comment becomes redundant .
Trade-off is different on the individual level , even in pair programming , so they encourage people to experiment and see what would work best . Each team at Facebook works differently and should .
Conclusion
Kent beck covers various topics , such as pair programming , coaching , recommended books , and requirement estimation .
For me , this is a very interesting interview . Being in an Agile community for some time now , I have heard Kent Beck 's name many times . Today , I understand why they are so well respected in the community .
From how they live to how they enter Facebook , how they view various practices in the software development community as a finger not the chicken , it is the means to an end , and the essence of software development is about improving the feedback loop , not the practice . It is also very context dependent .
-Pondd-
DEARBORN , MI - The attorney for two open carry advocates arrested this week at a Dearborn police station says their clients were ambushed by police officers who knew they were gun-toting activists and met them with weapons drawn .
`` They wanted to teach them a lesson and that is not their job , '' said Nicholas Somberg , who is representing Brandon Vreeland , 40 , of Jackson and James Baker , 24 , of Leonard .
The two men are to be arraigned Feb. 24 in District Court in Dearborn . Each is charged with three misdemeanors , including disturbing the peace . None of the alleged offenses involve firearms , noted Somberg , who says the men did nothing illegal when they walked , armed and wearing tactical vests , Sunday into the Dearborn Police Department .
Baker had an assault rifle , a sidearm and a balaclava , a mask worn by military personnel . Vreeland carried a tripod and a camera .
Masked open-carry advocate arrested after carrying rifle into police station Two men were arrested Sunday after they entered the Dearborn Police Department openly carrying firearms . One of the men wore a black mask , a bullet-resistant vest and a had a military-style rifle slung over their shoulder .
They had been stopped earlier in the day upon reports of two `` suspicious '' men in a vehicle wearing tactical vests , according to Dearborn police . The two were then invited to the police department to file a complaint , Somberg said .
`` We have n't done anything wrong . We have n't broken any laws . We are done with this , '' Vreeland tells the officer in a video posted on YouTube .
They refuse a request to search the vehicle . `` This is an illegal detention at this point . You better get your s -- - straight . ''
The officer tells Vreeland they free to go and is welcome to file a complaint . Vreeland promises to do so `` right as soon as we leave here . '' They tell the officer to `` go ( expletive ) yourself . ''
At the station , police immediately ordered them to drop the weapons . One of them threatened to shoot Baker . Somberg said there were officers on a balcony or upper area with long guns . They contend police were ready for them .
Baker and Vreeland commonly `` audit '' law enforcement authorities to determine whether they recognize citizens ' rights to openly carry guns - there is no law prohibiting this . Vreeland has a Jackson Cop Block YouTube channel , a website and a Facebook page with dozens of videos taken in Jackson and elsewhere . They are often in a tactical vest with an assault rifle and a body camera . There are videos at the Canadian border and the Detroit Metropolitan Airport .
Man arrested during open carry demonstration at police station well-known in Jackson An advocate of openly carrying firearms , Brandon Vreeland , 40 , took similar action in December 2014 , walking into the Jackson Police Department with an AR-15 and a tactical vest to file Freedom of Information Act request .
Somberg said they and Baker have no history of violence and police are aware of their activities ; there are warnings in their information systems . They likened the actions of police Sunday to ordering a steak and then flipping the table and blaming the waiter when it arrives as ordered .
`` Their plan was to ambush these guys , '' they said .
`` It 's like a political attack . ''
In addition to disturbing the peace , Vreeland is charged with resisting arrest and failing to cooperate or follow police commands . Baker is accused of obstructing their face with a mask and failing to cooperate with booking procedures .
`` I find this behavior totally unacceptable and irresponsible . This is not a Second Amendment issue for me . We had members of the public in our lobby that fled in fear for their safety as these men entered our building , '' Dearborn Police Chief Ronald Haddad said in a statement .
Man who carried loaded rifle into police station 'reckless , ' says open carry group James Baker 's decision to enter the Dearborn Police Department Sunday while wearing a mask , tactical vest and armed with a military-style rifle and a sidearm , was `` reckless '' and attention-seeking , Michigan Open Carry President Tom Lambert says ..
The president of Michigan Open Carry Inc. condemned the men 's methods as reckless and attention-seeking .
Somberg said they were not concerned about any perception that their actions were extreme or provocative ; as their lawyer , the only issue to consider is whether they were behaving legally , as they say they were .
Masks , they said , are not prohibited unless they are worn with criminal intent .
People are allowed to be controversial or offensive , they said . This is what activism is about . It was outrageous when Rosa Parks sat at the front of the bus , they said .
Charges pending against men who entered police station armed with loaded guns Authorities have released two men on bond after they caused a scare Sunday when they entered Dearborn police headquarters while one was openly carrying guns .
The infamous Murphy 's Law states that anything that can go wrong , will go wrong . The human body , in all its complexity , somehow finds itself subject to this law more often than not , as evidenced by many items on this list . For the fourth time around , sit back and relax as I baffle you once more with 10 of the most bizarre medical tales you have ever heard .
10 Fecal Transplants
Marcia Munro of Toronto , Canada , underwent a medical procedure involving receiving fecal enemas to treat their intestinal condition . Yes , you read that right . Called a fecal transplant , this peculiar medical procedure is used to treat victims of the intestinal superbug Clostridium difficult . C. difficult , which commonly spreads in hospital environments , can cause chronic diarrhea or colitis , among many other symptoms . When conventional antibiotic treatments fail to eradicate the bug , stool samples from a healthy donor ( usually a relative ) are obtained and screened for disease like H.I.V . Mixed with saline , the feces is then administered through an enema . The ‘ good ' bacteria from the donor feces flourish in the intestines and wipe out the bug in the process . In Munro 's case , stool samples from their sister Wendy Sinukoff were used , transported in an ice-cream container on an airplane traveling to Calgary , where the transplant took place . The hour-long procedure was a success . In fact , studies have shown that over ninety percent of patients treated with fecal transplants were healed – most of them after just one session .
9 The Cello Scrotum Hoax
Last 2009 , Dr. Elaine Murphy , now Baroness Murphy , admitted into taking part in the creation of ‘ cello scrotum , ' a fictional disease that has tricked many British physicians for over thirty years . It all started with a report published in the British Medical Journal in April 1974 by Dr. P. Curtis , describing a phenomenon called ‘ guitar nipple , ' a skin condition caused by the soundbox of the guitar pressing against the breasts of female guitar players . Although a legitimate find , Murphy thought the article was a joke , and so , with their husband Dr. J. M. Murphy , decided to ‘ ride along ' by writing a reply to the article mentioning a similar condition called ‘ cello scrotum , ' this time caused by the body of the cello irritating the scrotum of the patient . Despite the implausibility of the condition ( cellos are n't played so close to the body for the condition to happen ) , the letter was published . After that , for 34 years , ‘ cello scrotum ' was referenced in the BMJ by doctors as a real condition . One scholar even went so far as into debating whether it was contact with the chair , rather than with the instrument , that causes the irritation . It was n't until the condition reappeared on the 2008 Christmas edition of the journal that Dr. Murphy decided to come clean , writing another letter to BMJ admitting the fib . Fiona Godlee , editor of the BMJ , has this to say : “ It seems the BMJ has been deliciously hoaxed . It is wonderful it has been going all these years and no one realized . We frown on misconduct and medical fraud is taken very seriously . But in this case I hope I am right in saying that no harm has been done . ”
8 Superior Canal Dehiscence
Until a successful operation in 2011 , Stephen Mabbutt from Oxfordshire , England , suffered from a rare condition that enabled them to listen to their own eyeballs moving around their sockets . The condition , called Superior Canal Dehiscence Syndrome ( SCDS ) , results from the thinning or complete lack of a certain bone in the inner ear , due to the bone eroding , or physical trauma . Symptoms of the disorder include hearing body-generated noises unusually loud in the affected ear , called auto phony , headaches and noise-triggered vertigo ( called the Tullio phenomenon ) . Aside from their eyeballs , during Mabbutt was also reported hearing their own voice , unusually amplified , their joints creaking , their heartbeats , and their stomach churning .
7 Teeth in Nose
Feng Fujia shocked doctors from Yongkang , Zhejiang Province , China , who discovered that their breathing problems were caused by a tooth growing inside their nostril . “ Recently the problem gets worse and worse , and my nose is so smelly that my co-workers all stay away from me , ” commented Fujia , who had been suffering from breathing difficulties for the past five years . Desperate for a cure , the 21-year old finally went to a hospital for treatment , and eventually the misplaced tooth was removed . Doctors explained that the tooth probably got there during what they call Fujia 's ‘ early dental transitional period , ' when they ate something so hard that it pushed an upper tooth into their nasal cavity . “ It 's like pushing a tree seed into another place and after a long time the seed started to sprout and grow out . As teeth grow very slowly , it only could be discovered years later that it sprouted in the nostril , ” said Fejia 's doctors .
6 Blood , Sweat and Tears
Twinkle Dwivedi , a schoolgirl from Lucknow , India , became the subject of various medical studies and TV shows around the world due to their bizarre condition . Since they were 12 years old , they began to bleed spontaneously through their skin on any part of the body , sometimes up to 20 times a day , without feeling any pain or sustaining any visible wounds . ‘ It was scary and messy . My school blouse went all red . No-one would come near me or play with me , ' said Twinkle of their ailment . Various theories were proposed on what could cause their predicament , like Type II von Willebrand disease ( a clotting disorder ) or hematohidrosis ( where the patient sweats blood through their skin ) , but despite efforts by various experts , they remained baffled by the nature of them disease .
5 Lightning Flowers
Lichtenburg figures are branching fractal patterns caused by electric discharges , such as lightning , hitting the surface of insulating materials . Named after German physicist Georg Christoph Lichtenberg , the figures , while commonly observed in lightning-struck objects , are also seen to appear , albeit rarely , on the skin of lightning-strike survivors . The skin patterns , called ‘ lightning flowers , ' are reddish in color , and can last for several hours , or even days , before it disappears completely . The cause of the markings is not yet fully explained . It is suggested that capillaries rupturing under the skin due to the lightning current passing through causes the ‘ flower , ' while others say that the patterns are actually bruises caused by the shock waves from the lightning strike . What 's more puzzling , however , is how people exhibiting these ‘ flowers ' managed to survive a lightning strike in the first place , with little to no injuries .
4 An Excess of Kidney Stones
In December 8 , 2009 , a medical team led by Dr. Ashish Rawandale-Patil from the Institute of Urology in Dhule , India , performed a four-hour long operation to remove an astounding 172,155 kidney stones from the left kidney of Dhranraj Wadile . 45-year old Wadile , who was enduring acute pain for more than six months , consulted with many physicians before they were diagnosed with a rare birth defect called pelvi-ureteric junction obstruction , meaning their kidney was positioned abnormally around the pelvic area of their body . Wadile was then immediately whisked to surgery to address their ailment . The unprecedented number of stones complicated the surgery , with the stones varying in size from a millimeter to 2.5 centimeters . The counting of the stones , which were composed of calcium oxalate and calcium phosphate , was laborious as well , taking three hours daily for over a month to finish .
3 Rapid ‘ Aging ' ?
Nguyen Thi Phuong , a young woman in their late 20s , from a province in Mekong Delta , Vietnam , suffered from a yet-to-be-diagnosed disorder that left them with wrinkled , saggy skin all over their body , giving them the appearance of a seventy year-old . The condition began in 2008 , when Phuong decided to self-medicate following a rather severe allergic reaction from eating seafood . After pharmacy drugs stopped the itching but did n't remove their hives , they resorted to traditional medicine . The hives disappeared , but their skin began ‘ aging ' overnight . “ The skin on my face , chest and belly has folds like an old woman who has given birth several times although I have never had a child . But the rapid-aging syndrome has n't affected my menstrual cycle , hair , teeth , eyes and mind , ” said Phuong . The condition got so severe that Phuong was forced to wear a mask in public . Theories about what could cause Phuong 's wrinkled skin include overuse of medication containing corticosteroids , which can cause a condition called Cushing 's Syndrome , which features thinning of the skin and weight gain , and lipodystrophy , an incurable syndrome that causes fat layers in the skin to disintegrate , while the skin itself starts growing faster than usual – but doctors have yet to find a final diagnosis .
2 Beaumont and St. Martin
On June 6 , 1822 , in a fur trading post on Mackinac Island , a 20-year old voyageur named Alexis St. Martin , was accidentally shot at close range by a musket . Dr. William Beaumont , a US Army surgeon , quickly come to their aid and attempted to treat St. Martin , whose accident damaged their ribs and left them with a gaping wound in their abdomen . While their prognosis on St. Martin 's condition was grim , Beaumont continued to treat the wound . For the succeeding 17 days , the food that St. Martin ate began pouring out of the wound , until the 18th day , when the food began staying inside their stomach . The wound healed , but a hole called a fistula formed on St. Martin 's stomach . Since there was little understanding of the digestion process back then , Beaumont , realizing the scientific opportunity , began experimenting on St. Martin on and off for 11 years . After the treatment , Beaumont made the illiterate St. Martin sign a contract making them work as a servant for him . St. Martin , who kept working despite their fistula , allowed Beaumont to dangle various pieces of food into their fistula , recording their individual rates of digestion , as well as obtaining vials of gastric juices straight from their stomach . During the course of the experiments , Beaumont discovered lots of facts about the process of digestion , most notable being the role of stomach acid in the digestion process , which indicates that digestion is not merely a mechanical process , but a chemical one . Beaumont 's findings were eventually published in 1838 in “ Experiments and Observations on the Gastric Juice , and the Physiology of Digestion ” and they became known as the ‘ Father of Gastric Physiology . ' As for St. Martin , they and Beaumont decided to part ways after the experiments , with St. Martin returning to their home in Quebec and Beaumont settling in St. Louis , Missouri .
1 The Case of David Vetter
David Phillip Vetter , a young boy from Texas , was born with a genetic disease called severe combined immune deficiency syndrome ( SCID ) , which forced them to live almost their entire life in a sterilized , bubble-shaped cocoon at the Texas Children 's Hospital in Houston , to ‘ isolate ' them from germs and viruses . Their condition , which made them extra-susceptible to diseases , made them famous in the media , who gave them the moniker ‘ the boy in the plastic bubble . ' Their parents , David Joseph , Jr. and Carol Vetter , already had a daughter , but also lost a son due to SCID , yet despite warnings from doctors about a 50 % chance of them bearing another son with SCID , they decided to have a third pregnancy . Upon Vetter 's birth in September 21 , 1971 , they were immediately isolated in their plastic sterile cocoon . Due to their delicate condition , every item entering their cocoon were heated 140 degrees in an ethylene-oxide chamber , and any contact with them should be made only through special gloves attached to the walls of their cocoon . Although the inflating system inside the bubble made communication difficult , David 's family tried their best to give them a ‘ normal ' life . They were baptized inside the bubble using sterilized holy water , they were given a formal education and a playroom and television set was even provided . Eventually , a separate bubble chamber was built for them in their home , along with a transport bubble so that David can spend some time at home with their family . In 1977 , NASA even designed a special spacesuit ( still attached to the chamber via a tube ) for David to wear so they can finally get out of their cocoon , although they used the suit only a total of seven times .
Eventually , the medical team in charge of Vetter , who already sank 1.3 million dollars for their care , decided to do a bone marrow transplant despite not yet finding an exact match for them due to concerns about Vetter being volatile and unruly as they enter adolescence . The transplant went well , that is , until Vetter suddenly become so severely ill that they were taken out of the cocoon for treatment . Unfortunately , fifteen days after the transplant , Vetter died at the age of 12 on February 22 , 1984 due to Burkitt 's lymphoma , which arose from a previously undetected trace of the Epstein-Barr virus in the bone marrow their sister donated to him .
Vetter 's tragic life and death managed to bring up many ethical issues about the viability of the ‘ isolation ' treatment in treating SCID patients , especially its psychological impact on children . Fortunately , advances in medicine over the years have rendered the ‘ isolation ' treatment obsolete .
A 47-year-old Indian priest has been arrested in the US state of Florida on charges of possessing child pornography , with authorities saying they asked a 14-year old boy to help them delete about 40 pornographic images of young boys from their phone .
Jose Palimattom , a visiting priest from India , was arrested on Monday on charges of possession of pornography and distributing it to a minor . They are being held at the Palm Beach County Jail in lieu of USD 10,000 bail .
Palimottom is a priest of the Franciscan Province of St Thomas the Apostle in India and began serving a two-year residency in December 2014 at Holy Name of Jesus Parish in West Palm Beach , a parish of the Diocese of Palm Beach . The priest has allegedly told authorities that they had been reprimanded at their church in India for being `` involved with a minor male , '' but the incident was not reported to police .
The head pastor at Holy Name Catholic Church told deputies that when Palimattom joined , they were told to have no contact with minors without another adult present .
The diocese said in a statement that it is `` greatly concerned and takes very seriously the charges '' against Palimattom . It said when the Diocese learnt about the allegations , it immediately contacted authorities and cooperated in the investigation conducted by the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office . The cooperation resulted in the arrest of Palimattom .
The diocese said it undertakes a thorough screening of visiting priests before granting them faculties to minister or celebrate sacraments within its diocese . As part of its due diligence , the diocese had completed a background screening which also included a screening in India , and received a Certificate of Aptitude from the Minister Provincial in India . During this background process , no prior misconduct was revealed . It said the allegation is being taken very seriously and expressed sincere regret to the family involved and those hurt by `` this regrettable matter '' .
Palm Beach County Sheriff 's officials said Palimattom allegedly showed a 14-year-old boy child pornography on their cell phone after service in the Church on Sunday .
According to the arrest report , Palimattom asked the boy 's help in deleting the files from their phone . The boy found about 40 pornographic images of young boys between the ages of 10 and 18 on Palimattom 's phone . They gave the phone back to Palimattom and immediately told a friend , who told them to tell another staff member at the church .
The boy 's father called deputies after the family returned home from church service , a report in the Sun Sentinel said . According to the report , Palimattom also sent the boy a Facebook message later that night that said , `` Goodnight , sweet dreams . ''
Palimattom told deputies Monday that they specifically asked the boy to help them remove the pornography from their phone . They said they knew what the boy had seen was inappropriate and they had `` already asked for forgiveness during confession , '' according to the report .
They Said : Mohamed El Shorbagy the US Open , their career and their Summer Training
[ 1 ] Mohamed ElShorbagy ( Egy ) 3-0 Borja Golan ( Esp ) 15-13 , 11-8 , 11-4 ( 56m )
I 'm enjoying it more this year , I want to play this year . Last year I went through a lot and I struggled a little bit mentally , but all the greatest athletes have bad phases in their careers . If I have that phase when I 'm 25 or 26 , when I 'm still building my career , then I am lucky . I did a lot of things differently the summer in the way I approach my game and the way I approach life in general .
I 'm blessed because I held the World No.1 spot for 28 months , I won all those World Series titles . I 've been given a life that not many people can have and I have been able to be successful and make a living out of it . There is absolutely no stress for me , why should I stress when I have all those World Series titles in my CV . All the people in my generation are all crazy talents , they 're all playing very well and we saw Ali Farag last week .
I 'm a professional athlete , so I never look back . If someone talks badly about me on social media , I never reply . It 's just who I am . If I have been given a bad decision on court then I just get on with it , I do n't go and cry about it on social media .
I do n't blame the referee for giving me a bad decision after the match , I raise my hands up , say the other guy was too good and keep it inside me until I go on court again . That 's the way professional athletes should be . The fans can talk on social media but we are professional athletes and our job is to play on court , not to talk on social media .
A lot of people had a go at John Massarella after what happened at the U.S. Open , some people agreed with him . Whether I agree with them or not , they were just trying to do their best job . They took a decision which they thought was the right one and we can all make mistakes when the decision is made under pressure .
For me , it 's finished , the U.S. Open final is done and now I have the first round here . I never tweeted about it , for me , the final was done .
Maybe I have some confidence back in my game , maybe I have some confidence back in my game now . I 'm trying to make my way back [ to World No.1 ] but it 's not going to be easy .
One of the hardest things you can do is get that World No.1 spot back after you 've lost it . You need to work even harder and you need to forget about those 28 months you spent at World No.1 because that level wo n't be good enough anymore .
My job was to go back this summer , take all the losses I had , train hard and come back fit so I can try and win again . It might not work but at least I can have no regrets .
You need to raise that bar and to accept that it is n't easy . I had to go to someone who understood it , who has lived it and who can talk me through it . It 's not about teaching me how to play squash anymore , it 's about teaching me how to look at things differently mentally .
I had to go to someone who knows it all and that 's why I 've been training with David Palmer this summer . I 'm also much more relaxed in life and my career .
Winning the World Series Finals was one of the best moments I 've ever had in a season . I have no regrets and I feel happy and confident . I 'm looking forward to the rest of the season , I think it 's going to be an interesting one for me .
2 notes
U.S. Treasury
The Wall Street Journal has agreed to publish a full-page ad in which the Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee charges the U.S. government surreptitiously utilizes gold reserves to engage in international swaps and other market manipulations .
“ Anybody Seen Our Gold ? ” is the title of the ad , which alleges U.S. gold reserves held at depositories such as Fort Knox and West Point may have been seriously depleted . GATA asserts U.S. gold reserves are being shipped overseas to settle complex transactions utilized by the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury to suppress the price of the precious metal .
“ The objective of this manipulation is to conceal the mismanagement of the U.S. dollar so that it might retain its function as the world 's reserve currency , ” the ad copy reads in a pre-publication version GATA provided to WND .
The U.S. Treasury denies the claim , insisting the stock is accounted for regularly .
GATA 's chairperson , William J. Murphy III , told WND their group was willing to pay the Wall Street Journal 's cost of $ 264,000 to run the ad “ to get the message out that the U.S. enters world markets without public disclosure to prop up the dollar and depress the price of gold . ”
GATA cites as evidence the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee reports dating back to Jan. 31 , 1995 , showing the U.S. Treasury Department 's Exchange Stabilization Fund had undertaken gold swaps .
GATA , a non-profit 501 headquartered in Manchester , Conn. , further asserts the federal government strategy to manipulate the price of gold has begun to fail .
“ Gold 's recent rise toward $ 900 per ounce shows that the price suppression scheme is faltering , ” the GATA ad reads . “ When it is widely understood how central banks have been suppressing gold , its price may rise to $ 3,000 or $ 5,000 an ounce or more . ”
“ The gold reserves of the United States have not been independently audited for half a century , ” the ad charges .
The U.S. Treasury disagrees .
“ While the entire gold stock is not physically re-counted in any one year , over a period of years , by our continuous sampling process , the entire stock has been counted , and is effectively re-inventoried , ” Rich Delmar , counsel to Treasury 's inspector general , told WND in an e-mail .
Delmar explained that the annual Office of Inspector General audits of mint facilities involves a physical inspection of certain vaults , which are subject to a 100-percent bar count and assaying . At the end of the inspection , each vault is sealed .
“ During each visit , all previously sealed vaults are checked to ensure that the seals have not been compromised or tampered with , ” they wrote . “ This process is the basis for the conclusion that there has been a complete physical inventory . ”
Delmar said the OIG 's work consists of more than reviewing documents .
“ Our auditors physically observe the inventory work done at the mint facilities , and we are responsible for the assay sampling process , ” they said .
WND asked the Treasury if there is a comprehensive listing and accounting of any encumbrances or other restrictions on the gold in the U.S. Mint that may affect ownership .
“ This is not within OIG 's purview , ” Delmar responded . “ You may want to ask the mint directly . ”
‘ Dodging the question '
Murphy called the response “ ridiculous . ”
“ The mint does not make complex gold transactions with other countries , ” they said . “ That is the role for the U.S. Treasury . The mint just houses the gold . The Treasury is dodging the question . ”
GATA has filed Freedom of Information Request asking the Fed and Treasury to disclose information on encumbrances and swapping or leasing of U.S. gold .
“ The Fed and Treasury have not even acknowledged receiving our FOIA request , ” Murphy said . “ It 's idiotic to tell you that the mint would have that knowledge . ”
Murphy asked , “ Is the gold in the mint truly U.S. gold reserves or is it just ‘ custodial gold ' held for some other country ? That 's why we need to know what encumbrances there are on the gold as well as whether any U.S. gold has been shipped overseas to fulfill swap obligations . ”
The 2006 annual report published on the website of the U.S. Mint lists KPMG as outside auditor .
The KPMG signed audit report in the 2006 Annual Report of the U.S. Mint takes full responsibility for auditing the balance sheets and includes a statement of the custodial activity of U.S. gold reserves .
According to the balance sheets , custodial gold and silver reserves make up 90 percent of the U.S. Mint 's total assets .
Still , there is no specific statement in the U.S. Mint 's annual report or the KPMG audit report describing any KPMG involvement in a physical inspection of the gold reserves .
KPMG 's role as independent auditor for the U.S. Mint is also confirmed in the 2006 audit report prepared by the Office of Inspector General of the Treasury .
Dan Ginsburg , a KPMG spokesperson , declined to provide any detail to WND concerning their company 's audit procedures for the U.S. Mint , citing client confidentiality .
Greater force
Craig R. Smith , founder of Swiss America Trading Corp. , told WND they accept the GATA arguments because “ there has to be a force greater than normal market conditions that has repressed the price of gold . ”
Smith noted any number of financial crises since the late 1980s that “ should have propelled gold way beyond the 1980 high of $ 850 , ” including the savings and loan debacle and the birth of the Resolution Trust Corporation , as well as the on-going devaluation of the U.S. dollar against virtually all major foreign currencies .
“ Gold has been playing catch-up with current world economic conditions , ” Smith told WND in an e-mail , “ and future movements should easily prove gold to be a great value at $ 900 an ounce . That price will look cheap going forward as the world starts to turn its back on debt-laden currencies and returns to money with a real value . ”
But the U.S. Treasury , in a statement on its website , denies the Exchange Stabilization Fund has been used to manipulate gold prices .
“ The ESF does not engage in any transactions in the market for any metal such as gold , either in spot markets or in any of its derivative forms , ” the Treasury statement declares . “ We would like to emphasize that the Treasury Department does not seek to manipulate the price of gold or any other metal by intervening in or otherwise interfering with the market . ”
Yvanka Wallner , advertising sales representative for the Wall Street Journal in New York City , confirmed to WND the GATA ad has been approved by the Journal 's lawyers and is being prepared to be run next week .
Swiss America , a WND advertiser , specializes in investment-quality numismatic gold coins .
Gold yesterday closed at an all-time high of $ 911 an ounce , up $ 28 , on a weaker dollar and higher oil prices .
If you would like to sound off on this issue , participate in today 's WND Poll .
Editor 's note : The November issue of WND 's monthly Whistleblower magazine , titled “ HOW GLOBALISM IS DESTROYING THE U.S. ECONOMY ” – focuses exclusively on the future of the U.S. economy , and answers key questions like : “ If inflation is so low , how come food and energy cost so much ? ” “ What is the ‘ housing bubble , ' and why did it burst ? ” “ What 's really going on with the stock market ? ” “ Is America heading into a recession ? ” “ Will the dollar collapse in 2008 ? ” and “ What will happen to the price of gold ? ”
SPECIAL OFFER :
Swiss America : U.S. stock panic postponed , but … the dollar is being sacrificed by the Federal Reserve right now ! Here 's what to do
Previous story :
Newest junk bonds : U.S. Treasuries ?
Image caption Five teenagers were found guilty of the gang-related killing of Zac Olumegbon in July 2010
A new , less complex law on gang-related killings is needed to ensure justice for victims and defendants , MPs say .
The Commons Justice Select Committee said clearer law on `` joint enterprise '' in England and Wales would cut appeals .
Under joint enterprise , groups or gangs can be charged with murder even if just one person delivered the fatal blow .
Ahead of any legislation , the director of public prosecutions has agreed to issue guidelines on the level of involvement needed for a murder charge .
The MPs ' committee said the law surrounding gang murder cases was now so complicated that juries `` may find it impossible to understand how to reach the right verdict '' .
Its report said a new law was needed to ensure justice and end the high number of appeals against convictions .
In the meantime prosecutors should urgently be given new guidance in joint enterprise cases , particularly those involving gang-related killings , the MPs said , to help clarify the situation before a new law can be brought in .
'Own actions only '
The legal principle of joint enterprise - through which two men were convicted earlier this month of the 1993 murder of black teenager Stephen Lawrence - means that entire groups or gangs can be charged with murder , even if only one person carried out the killing .
Analysis Joint enterprise allows the prosecution to throw the net over a large group of people involved in a criminal enterprise , however small . It goes back many years . When people used to get involved in duels , it meant not only the people who were duelling , but the seconds , the doctors , everyone could be charged . The test for joint enterprise murder - and many people think it sets the bar too low for the prosecution - is a test of foresight : Can I foresee , as a member of the group , that another member of the group may go on to kill or to commit really serious bodily harm ? Some people think that test means people who are too morally remote from the crime - from the fatal blow - can be drawn in and prosecuted for murder . Anecdotally , people believe - and the Justice Select Committee have heard evidence - that the numbers of joint enterprise prosecutions are going up , but they have asked for data to be kept on the size of the problem . Joint enterprise : Case studies
In December , five teenagers were given sentences of detention for killing 15-year-old Zac Olumegbon , who was stabbed to death as they arrived at school in West Norwood , south London , in July 2010 .
Speaking after the case , Det Ch Insp John McFarlane said : `` This case must act as a deterrent to other young people who think they will not be prosecuted or go to prison just because they did not deliver the fatal blow .
`` The law on joint enterprise is clear and unforgiving - if you are with the knifeman in a murder case you too could be found guilty and sent to prison . ''
Jordan Towers was jailed for life in 2007 after being convicted of murder under joint enterprise .
They were one of three youths involved when young father Kevin Johnson was stabbed to death on Wearside , but Towers 's sister says they thought they were just witnessing a fight .
`` I think [ the law ] should be tightened up for secondary parties in spontaneous joint enterprises , '' Ashleigh Towers told BBC Breakfast .
`` You ca n't foresee a spontaneous situation arising - so you should n't be held responsible for that situation , if you do n't play any part in it .
`` I think everybody should be held for their own actions only , not somebody else 's actions . ''
But John Johnson , father of the murdered man , said : `` They acted as a group , they were all carrying knives - they knew what they were doing ... although there was only one who actually stabbed our Kevin .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ashleigh Towers : 'My brother was convicted of murder under joint enterprise '
`` The three them together out that night , they all got the bravado from each other . If there was only one out probably nothing would have happened . ''
Joint Enterprise - Not Guilty By Association ( JENGBA ) is a campaign group set up to highlight cases where joint enterprise law has been applied .
Its founder Gloria Morrison told the BBC : `` The law [ as it stands ] is n't actually targeting gangs , it is targeting anyone who is on the periphery of a crime . ''
They said JENGBA was `` mindful that there are victims in these cases '' but said those convicted under the law can often be `` very vulnerable people who have no comprehension of the law and no comprehension that they could actually go to prison for the actions of somebody else - but that is what is happening '' .
'Evidence of involvement '
Sir Alan Beith , the justice committee 's chairperson , said : `` This area of law is vital to ensuring the prosecution and conviction of criminals involved in gang-related violence in particular , but is now so complex that juries may find it impossible to understand how to reach the right verdict . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sir Alan Beith told Radio 5 live how the joint enterprise law works .
They said that while joint enterprise could help deter young people from becoming involved in gangs , `` confusion over the law and how it works can put vital witnesses in fear of coming forward , allowing the real criminals to escape justice '' .
The committee called on Director of Public Prosecutions Keir Starmer QC to issue urgent guidance setting out `` the proper threshold at which association potentially becomes evidence of involvement in crime '' .
Last month , the most senior judge in England and Wales expressed concerns over joint enterprise prosecutions .
The Lord Chief Justice Lord Judge said : `` It is one thing to be party to punching somebody , quite another to be party to using a potentially lethal weapon on them . ''
Mr Starmer has agreed to produce the guidelines , which they said would advise on the `` proper threshold at which association potentially becomes evidence of criminality '' .
`` This exercise will be done through consultation , with interested parties , on draft guidance in due course , and as with all CPS guidance it will be kept under review , '' they added .
`` The CPS will also now consult with the Ministry of Justice on the best way forward for collating statistics around cases involving joint enterprise . ''
While the ECB ( and the Fed ) continues to warn ( danger of theft ) , threaten ( asset-ize and tax it ! ) , or de-bunk the idea of virtual currencies ( despite two of the world 's largest banks apparently seeing value in the idea ) , the Swiss Parliament is proposing a different angle . A postulate signed by 45 ( of 200 ) members of parliament asks for bitcoin to be treated as any other foreign currency - and examine the potential bitcoin-related opportunities for the Swiss financial sector .
Via Coindesk ,
The Swiss Parliament is considering a postulate that asks for bitcoin to be treated as any other foreign currency . The goal of the postulate , introduced by representative Thomas Weibel , is to eliminate ambiguities and increase legal certainty related to bitcoin .
...
The postulate petitions the executive branch to reply to four basic questions : whether or not bitcoin represents an opportunity for the financial sector , should bitcoin be treated as a foreign currency , what regulatory instruments should be used to establish legal certainty for bitcoin and similar currencies , and what sort of regulatory changes are needed and when can they be implemented .
The postulate was co-signed by 45 members of parliament ( out of a possible 200 ) after they came to the conclusion that bitcoin can create new opportunities for the Swiss financial sector and that measures should be taken to regulate the application of VAT and the execution of money laundering controls .
...
Luzius Meisser , president of Bitcoin Association Switzerland , told CoinDesk : “ This would be quite revolutionary , as it provides bitcoin with additional legitimacy and could serve as a precedent for other countries . Also , it would pave the way for businesses to use bitcoins without legal uncertainty in Switzerland . ”
Human impact and a booming bird population are devastating the Mojave desert tortoise . But one man is trying some unusual methods to save them
A baby desert tortoise is no match for a raven . The tiny reptile 's soft shell is easily pierced , offering the bird a tantalizing fix of delicious entrails .
World on track to lose two-thirds of wild animals by 2020 , major report warns Read more
Soaring raven populations , along with drought and disease , are having a huge impact on tortoises . With numbers dropping 90 % since the 1980s it 's not an understatement to say that the raven now poses an existential threat to the tortoise .
But not if tortoise biologist Tim Shields has anything to do with it . Shields has dedicated the last four decades to studying desert tortoises in the Mojave desert , and is fighting to save the species with a hi-tech armory comprising robots , lasers , 3D-printed lures and an intimate understanding of their feathered enemy 's modus operandi .
“ Historically ravens were rare , but humans have made it very easy for them to survive , ” said Shields , who says that the raven population in the Mojave desert has increased 700 % over the last 25 years . Humans provide food in the form of agriculture , trash dumps and roadkill as well as cell towers , telegraph poles and billboards that provide safe nesting sites . That means there are a lot more hungry , cawing beaks to feed , particularly during breeding season .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Biologist Tim Shields is fighting to save the desert tortoise . ‘ If they were completely wiped out , I would be crushed . ' Photograph : Dane Smith
“ We have completely overloaded the desert with these highly intelligent predators with a high metabolic rate . They go into predatory overdrive when their eggs hatch , ” they said .
The feeding frenzy is indiscriminate . In addition to devastating the desert tortoise , ravens target birds including the sage grouse , snowy plover and the least tern , as well as horned lizards and snakes .
Shields is left to deal with the aftermath , finding dozens of mangled baby tortoise shells as they scour the desert for living specimens . Baby tortoises take up to five years to develop the tough outer shell they need to withstand raven attack . “ In the early part of my career , there were hundreds of tortoises per square mile . I 'd find and catalogue maybe 15 tortoises per day . Now I 'm lucky if I find one , ” they said .
Baby tortoise is a ‘ luxury item ' for ravens
Shields , through a company called Hardshell Labs , is taking matters into their own hands with a range of technological solutions .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A raven eating a baby tortoise . The tortoise needs up to five years to develop the tough outer shell that can withstand an attack . Photograph : Tim Shields
First up : camera-equipped remote controlled rovers that can patrol the desert to keep track of the remaining tortoises while scaring away ravens . Shield 's vision is to have a fleet of these unmanned vehicles that members of the public can control via the internet in order to better understand the species .
“ There 's potential to have thousands of eyes in the desert to increase the amount of information we can collect about the tortoises , while engaging more of the public in caring about the species , ” Shields said .
He 's collaborating with others including Roy Haggard , a hardware consultant who has worked on a real Mars lander , and electronics engineer Chris Smith , to build a rugged wheeled robot that can navigate the desert and livestream video footage of its travels .
It 's critical the rover does n't harm tortoises – something the team has had to demonstrate by running over a baby tortoise without causing any damage .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hardshell Labs ' Guardian Angel navigates the Mojave desert .
Through hanging out with these creatures I learned a much more balanced way of approaching life , just by osmosis Tortoise biologist Tim Shields
Shields does n't want to hurt ravens either . Instead , they want to train them by appealing to their cautious and communicative – they learn from each other – tendencies . “ You need to hack into their communication system and get them to propagate the message , ” they said .
This is where a combination of lasers and 3D printers come in handy .
Ravens ca n't stand lasers , so Shields has been using laser rifle scopes to sweep areas of the desert to ward the birds off . “ I spent three weeks firing the laser at ravens and they did n't come back to the area for several weeks after , ” they said . The conditioning seemed to work .
The second way to train ravens involves creating highly accurate 3D-printed baby tortoises – which Shields call “ techno-tortoises ” – that blast a noxious chemical and sound an alarm when disturbed . A laser could be added as well to create a triple assault on the senses . Other 3D-printed babies could be packed with a tasty lure treated with a substance that induces nausea and diarrhea .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A laser gun used to scare ravens away from tortoises . Photograph : Tim Shields
The trials are in their early days , but Shields is convinced they can alter the ravens ' behavior . “ Baby tortoise is not an essential food item for ravens . It 's a luxury item . My bet is that the motivation to eat baby tortoises is relatively low in the face of a negative experience . They are very cautious animals , by and large . ”
‘ It 's a conservation emergency '
Throughout our conversation , Shields talks fondly of individual animals he 's followed over the years , each identified by number rather than name . Tortoise 29 , for example , is a powerhouse alpha male who was unexpectedly courteous towards lesser tortoises . “ He was killed by coyotes during a drought in the mid-2000s . That was very sad . ”
During that same drought , Shields experienced one of their lowest moments when they revisited a plot of land once teeming with tortoises . “ We found 398 carcasses and 30 live tortoises . That was very depressing , ” they said .
Shields described how they scoured the area in the hope that Tortoise 125 was still alive – sadly they are n't .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hardshell Labs ' rover and a desert tortoise . Photograph : Tim Shields
“ He was 325mm , one of the biggest tortoise I 'd ever seen . They were like a boulder . I was dreading the day I found their shell . “ I almost hung it up at that point . ”
The fact that the tortoise grows so slowly , taking about a decade to reach maturity , and has a very low reproductive rate make it harder for the species to recover from the onslaught . To make matters worse , adult populations have been hit by a fatal respiratory disease . “ The adults are being hammered by disease and the babies are hammered by ravens , ” said Shields . “ It 's a conservation emergency . ”
The story of the Mojave desert tortoise is a microcosm of a much larger natural crisis , according to a new report by the WWF and Zoological Society of London , which predicts that the number of animals living in the wild will decrease by two-thirds in the next four years due to the impact of humans .
The plight of the tortoises is particularly tragic since the creature has survived in roughly the same form for 220m years , “ sailing through ” the mass extinction that wiped out most of the dinosaurs .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ravens can easily peck through the soft shells of baby tortoises . Photograph : Tim Shields
Their efficient design means they can live in an “ incredibly stingy ” environment . “ I look at my own species and we 're the polar opposite . We 're sloppy with resources , careless and reckless . ”
Spending so much time with these creatures has clearly had a profound impact on Shields .
“ When I went out to start my career as a tortoise biologist , I was a fairly tightly wound , competitive American male , ” they told the Guardian . “ Through hanging out with these creatures I learned a much more balanced way of approaching life , just by osmosis . ”
“ If they were completely wiped out , I would be crushed . It would be hard to take . It 's already been very hard to take . ”
Notwithstanding funding to combat notorious international terrorist group ISIL , recent US Congresses have been some of the least productive in the country 's history , and the 113th Congress has been no different .
The sheer number of policy-related issues tabled since January 2013 has put the current Congress on pace to become the least productive in the nation 's history , rivaling the 112th Congress in how few laws it could ultimately pass .
With so many issues dividing American legislators , it may be natural for bitcoin enthusiasts to wonder when the technology will become an issue in the nation 's capital . Further , if it does hit this inflection point , questions remain about whether bitcoin could achieve bipartisan support or how much resistance the digital currency would face .
Chris David , founder of CoinVox , a startup helping political fundraisers more effectively use bitcoin , believes the digital currency may soon become an issue that could unite US politicians , given the technology 's potential applications to help expand financial access .
David told CoinDesk :
“ Bitcoin and block chain technology , if allowed to evolve naturally , hold the potential to shift society away from the zero-sum politics of the past . “
The cost of Congressional inaction
One potential byproduct of Congressional inaction on bitcoin might be that other government agencies start taking action to address their respective areas of oversight . There is the risk that different agencies could also disagree on how to treat bitcoin , and there 's good reason for that , since it has many different technical aspects .
The Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) has , understandably , had to provide guidance on how to report bitcoin for tax purposes , treating it like property instead of currency . Other agencies like the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) have also weighed in on the subject of regulating bitcoin , though it has not entered the debate as to whether bitcoin is a currency or commodity .
Dan Backer , founder of a political action committee named BitPAC , told CoinDesk that they predict at least one more agency could jump into the bitcoin regulatory fray :
“ The [ Securities and Exchange Commission ] SEC is probably going to weigh in at some point . But ultimately the different ways agencies will want to deal with the issue will lead to Congress providing clear guidance that is uniform . ”
This notion highlights why congressional decisions will , at some point , need to be made on how bitcoin should be interpreted .
“ Either it is money , or it is a thing , or it is a commodity – or an equity . Whatever it is , it needs to be definable in order for agencies to understand how to deal with it , ” said Backer .
Democrat , Republican or Libertarian ?
There have already been some committee discussions in Congress about bitcoin , most recently on small business use of the digital currency . But even so , many in Congress have not had an actual experience with the digital currency .
For the time being , this means there is still a divide between politicians who understand bitcoin and those who think it is a threat to consumers .
BitPAC recently aimed to change this by sending bitcoin paper wallets to eight well-known members of Congress .
“ You look at Jared Polis from Colorado – they are a Democrat , and he 's exceptional on this issue , ” said Backer . “ But on the flip side I think Joe Manchin from West Virginia [ a Democrat ] – I think if you talk about bitcoin mining with them they think there are some guys with axes down in the mines . ”
Of course , there 's also the question of which party is most likely to make bitcoin a part of its financial platform .
Bitcoin has long been considered a Libertarian-leaning technology because of its free market properties , though certain state-level Republican organisations have embraced the technology too .
The Libertarian party 's platform includes allowing currencies to freely float untethered from the control of central banking – which is similar to how bitcoin behaves right now .
“ I think Libertarian legislators , they tend to like [ bitcoin ] a lot more , ” Backer said .
Still , the Libertarian party and its ideals , while gaining support in recent polls , appeals to just under one-quarter of the overall electorate , research shows .
Point of action
Still , while the idea that Congress might step in to allow bitcoin innovation to flourish ( or at least provide clarity about its legal status ) is appealing to those interested in the technology , experts believe such action is unlikely for now .
David Levinthal , a senior political reporter for The Center for Public Integrity , believes it might require national media headlines before Congress might take up the issue of bitcoin more specifically .
Levinthal said :
“ For bitcoin to leapfrog other pressing congressional issues — not the least of which are military action overseas , the broader economy and November 's election — it 'd likely take a monumental problem , such as a scandal involving bitcoin that they simply could n't ignore . ”
However , politicians pay attention to money , and with few exceptions , most people still donate to campaigns in US dollars . This may cause bitcoin to take a backseat , at least for now .
Cash is still king , according to Levinthal :
“ Most political donors deal only in traditional currency , so it serves to reason that most political donations are going to be made in cash . ”
Campaign finance issues aside , in the end , US politicians may ultimately make decisions on how to properly label bitcoin and subsequent digital currencies . None of this matters , however , until there is a reason for members of Congress to act .
The bitcoin community showing support for Congress may be the best impetus for action , rather than waiting for an undesirable event to force policy .
“ The community needs to create a critical mass of support in the political realm for embracing block chain technology . The arguments are easy to make , we just need to make them in a way that will be heard and acted upon , ” added CoinVox 's David .
Disclaimer : The views expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily represent the views of , and should not be attributed to , CoinDesk .
Capital image via Shutterstock
A retired school department employee who told police they like to exercise naked in the window of their front door — because of the sunlight — was arrested Tuesday and charged with indecent exposure a day after police said children on a school bus saw them in action .
TAUNTON — A retired school department employee who told police they like to exercise naked in the window of their front door — because of the sunlight — was arrested Tuesday and charged with indecent exposure a day after police said children on a school bus saw them in action .
Kaushikkumar Patel , 58 , allegedly was caught in the act , by a pair of undercover Taunton police detectives , just after 10 a.m. jumping up and down while holding a set of dumbbells in clear view of passersby .
Their arrest came one day after seven students on a bus heading to Edmund Hatch Bennett School told their driver they had just seen a “ completely naked ” man in the front door of their house .
Bennett School students range from kindergarten to fourth grade .
Patel was released on their own recognizance by Judge Michael Vitale after being arraigned Tuesday in Taunton District Court on a single count of indecent exposure . He 's due back for a pretrial hearing on April 27 .
Taunton Superintendent Julie Hackett issued an email alert Tuesday afternoon to parents assuring them that “ there is no threat to our students , ” as a result of the Monday morning incident .
Hackett 's email said Patel retired “ a few years ago. ” They later declined to discuss the nature of their former job within their department when contacted by phone .
Police say seven students on the bus saw a naked Patel Monday at 8:45 a.m. standing behind the window of the front door of their house , which is located in the upscale residential neighborhood of Nichols Mills .
The driver , police said , reported the incident to Principal Lisa Riendeau , who notified school resource officer Patrolman William Rutherford , who in turn called Detective Sgt . Honorato M. Santos .
Police also said the school 's guidance counselor reported that all seven students were consistent in recounting what they had witnessed that morning .
Santos reported that they set up surveillance at 7:30 a.m. on Tuesday near the Nichols Drive house but did not observe anything unusual as “ several ” school buses drove by .
Santos says they and fellow detective Peter Corr went back to they house together after police received a call just after 10 a.m. reporting that “ the gentleman in question was again standing in their front door naked . ”
The report does n't note who made the call to police .
When the officers drove up to the house Patel allegedly was holding two dumbbells and jumping up and down in front of the glass door .
Santos says they and Carr set up surveillance in their unmarked car and watched Patel engage in the activity for at least 10 minutes before they finally walked toward the front door , at which point Patel put on theirs underwear .
Patel allegedly told the detectives they like to exercise in their front door “ because of the sun hitting him . ”
Santos also said they did n't necessarily believe that Patel had intentionally been targeting students in passing school buses .
Story highlights Donald Trump was one of eight GOP presidential hopeful 's to participate in a prime-time debate Tuesday night with Fox Business network
Trump spoke to MSNBC as well as used Twitter to praise their opponents and the debate 's moderators
Trump is traditionally more associated with a more combative tone and has fought with debate moderators throughout the election cycle
( CNN ) The morning after the fourth Republican debate , Donald Trump is playing Mr. Nice Guy .
During a lengthy interview on MSNBC 's `` Morning Joe , '' Trump refused multiple opportunities to jab any of their opponents .
They instead struck a conciliatory tone , saying they `` did n't think anybody did poorly , '' and noting that the GOP candidates were `` getting better '' with each passing debate . They also had some faint praise for chief rival Ben Carson , saying , `` I thought they were good . '' They said other opponents like Jeb Bush `` could n't be nicer . ''
And the business mogul was effusive in their praise of Fox Business Network , who hosted the debate following a performance by CNBC moderators in the previous debate that was widely panned by its participants and other Republicans .
Read More
By : OnIslam & Newspapers
Source : OnIslam.net
CAIRO – A leading Islamic organization has called on Indian parents to keep low-key marriages , warning against the menace posed by high dowries to the society .
“ People should know that only the income which is earned through rightful measures give peace , ” Dr T Ansari , National Coordinator of All India Milli Tanzeem Al-Faiz ( AIMTAF ) , told Daily Bhaskar on Monday , January 21 .
Organizing a welfare conference in Dadri , Uttar Pradesh , senior members of AIMTAF urged people not to make marriage an ostentatious function .
They urged Muslim parents to educate their daughters and help them become financially independent .
“ Educated girls will be able to provide education to their children , ” Ansari said .
Mustafa Dehlavi , President of AIMTAF , shares a similar opinion .
“ There should be banned on DJs , fire woks , display of arms and celebratory firing , ” they said .
There are some 140 million Muslims in Hindu-majority India , the world 's third-largest Muslim population after those of Indonesia and Pakistan .
In Indian society , the family of the bride pays the dowry .
As a result of high dowries tradition , several young girls were obliged to discontinue education because the parents have the responsibility of getting them married off .
Several parents were also forced to take loans from banks to pay dowry to the groom .
As a result of rising poverty , many activists have warned that the sale of brides has become prevalent in India 's rural areas in the past decade .
Parents in some rural areas were also selling their kidneys to pay for dowry .
National Campaign
Highlighting the dangers of the phenomenon , the AIMTAF has urged nation-wide campaigns to spread their call .
“ Campaigns need to be organized in localities as only when people get aware about the dowry menace it can be eradicated from the society , ” Dehlavi , the AIMTAF president , said .
Similar calls for rebuffing lavish marriages were sponsored by Indian activists last year .
Youth Against Dowry ( YAD ) , a platform of Muslim youth , started its movement in April to make the community free from the dowry threats through a signature campaign .
At their launch , nearly 100 youth from the community have already signed for the YAD campaign at Puttur town in the Dakshina Kannada district n south-western India .
In India , divorce and marriage issues are dominated by All India Muslim Personal Law Board ( AIMPLB ) , the single largest religious body consisting of scholars of different schools of thought .
The AIMPLB was formed in 1973 to protect and apply Muslim Personal Law in marriage , divorce , succession and inheritance .
In 2005 , Shiites and women seceded to form their own separate Boards , the India Shiite Personal Law Board & the India Muslim Women 's Personal Law Board .
21 July 2014 / Leader Post – The next time you 're at Trifon 's Pizza on Kramer Boulevard , you may have the option of paying for your pizza and beers with Bitcoin .
And conveniently enough , there 's now a Bitcoin Teller Machine ( BTM ) there for easy access to the cryptocurrency .
QuickBit Vending Systems launched Regina 's first BTM machine at the restaurant last week .
The device always knows the current value of Bitcoin thanks to a connection to an online exchange . It can convert cash to Bitcoin , and Bitcoin into cash .
“ I like to think of it as a portal between the digital cash world and our paper cash world , ” said Doug Richardson , the operations manager for QuickBit , which is based in Regina .
Richardson is a chartered accountant and works in the point-of-sale and transaction equipment industry .
They said buying their first Bitcoin machine was a logical next step .
“ We also saw that there were entrepreneurs in other cities that were doing it , and it was a question of who in Regina would be first . And so we decided we would be first , ” they said .
The BTM was manufactured in Ottawa by a company called Bit Access . Richardson would n't say how much the machine is worth , but it 's in the tens of thousands of dollars…… Read more
http : //www.leaderpost.com/technology/tech-biz/Dawn+Regina+Bitcoin/10047856/story.html
The Bonesetter 's Daughter , published in 2003 , is Amy Tan 's fourth novel . Like much of Tan 's work , this book deals with the relationship between an American-born Chinese woman and their immigrant mother .
The Bonesetter 's Daughter is divided into two major stories . The first is about Ruth , a Chinese-American woman living in San Francisco . They worry that their elderly mother , Lu Ling , is gradually becoming more and more demented . Lu Ling seems increasingly forgetful , and makes bizarre comments about their family and their own past .
The second major story is that of Lu Ling herself , as written for Ruth . Several years earlier , Lu Ling had written out their life story in Chinese . Ruth arranges to have the document translated , and learns the truth about their mother 's life in China .
Much of the novel , like Tan 's previous work , is based on their relationship with their own mother , and their mother and grandmother 's life stories . The first-edition cover photo is an image of Tan 's grandmother Gu Jingmei , taken in about 1905 . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Plot summary [ edit ]
Ruth is a self-sufficient woman who makes their living as a ghostwriter for self-help books . They live with their boyfriend , Art Kamen , and acts as a stepmother to Art 's two teenage daughters , Dory and Fia . Meanwhile , as Lu Ling is showing signs of dementia , Ruth struggles to juggle their mother 's illness , their job , and their relationship . As an adult , Ruth struggles to understand their mother and their strange behavior during Ruth 's childhood . Although they love their mother , they also resent them for having criticized them harshly when they were young and forcing them to obey strict rules . Lu Ling believed that young Ruth had the ability to communicate with the spirit world , and often expected them to produce messages from the ghost of Lu Ling 's long-dead nursemaid , Precious Auntie , by writing on a sand tray .
Lu Ling 's autobiography makes up the middle section of this book . This story within a story describes Lu Ling 's early life in a small Chinese village called Immortal Heart . Lu Ling is raised by a mute , burned nursemaid called `` Precious Auntie . '' It is later revealed that Precious Auntie sustained their injuries by swallowing burning ink resin . Although the oldest daughter in their family , Lu Ling is ignored by their mother in favor of their younger sister Gao Ling . However , Precious Auntie was entirely devoted to caring for Lu Ling .
Lu Ling 's story goes further back , describing Precious Auntie 's childhood as the daughter of a local bonesetter . The teen-aged Precious Auntie is the only person who knows the location of a hidden cave where many ancient `` dragon bones '' can be found , knowledge that they retain even after being burned and coming to live with Lu Ling 's family . After the discovery of the Peking Man , fossilized bones and information about where they might be found becomes extremely valuable . A local family , the Changs , wish to arrange a marriage between Lu Ling and their son Fu Nan because they believe that Lu Ling can lead them to the fossil cave . Lu Ling 's family approves of the marriage , but Precious Auntie violently opposes it . Unable to speak in detail , they write Lu Ling a long letter explaining their reasons , but Lu Ling does not read it to its end .
Only after Precious Auntie 's death does Lu Ling learn that their nursemaid was actually their mother , and that the woman they had thought to be their mother is actually their father 's sister . After Precious Auntie 's death , Gao Ling marries Fu Nan and Lu Ling is sent away to a Christian orphanage where they complete their education , grows up and becomes a teacher . Here , they meet their first husband , Pan Kai Jing . Lu Ling lives in the orphanage as a teacher through World War II , often going to extreme lengths to protect the students from the Japanese soldiers and other dangers . A few years later , they are reunited with Gao Ling . The two `` sisters '' immigrate to America separately and marry a pair of brothers , Edmund and Edwin . Lu Ling 's second husband dies from a hit and run accident when Ruth was just two years old .
Ruth struggles to grow up as the child of a single parent who believes in curses and ghosts . Once Ruth learns the details of their mother 's past , they gain a new understanding of them and their seemingly erratic behavior . Answers to both women 's problems unfold as Lu Ling 's story is finally revealed in its entirety .
Opera [ edit ]
The novel was made into an opera [ 3 ] that premiered at San Francisco 's War Memorial Opera House and was performed by the San Francisco Opera on September 13 , 2008 . The opera was composed by Stewart Wallace , and the libretto penned by Amy Tan . The opera condenses the novel 's plot through various devices : it omits peripheral characters and the subplot about the Christian orphanage and expands Chang the Coffin Maker into the key villain . They rape Precious Auntie after killing their father , the Bonesetter , and unknowingly fathers Lu Ling . The score folds traditional Chinese brass and percussion into a Western orchestra , with Chinese classical musicians led by Wu Tong and Li Zhonghua performing at the premiere . The suona , a raucous reed horn , features in the orchestration and is played onstage several times . The character of Precious Auntie sings and moves in the kunju style of Chinese Opera and was created and enacted by kunju star Qian Yi at the premiere . The other members of the premiere cast included mezzo-soprano Zheng Cao singing the dual roles of Ruth and the youthful Liu Ling , mezzo-soprano Ning Liang as Old Lu Ling , bass Hao Jiang Tian as Chang , folk/pop vocalist and suona player Wu Tong as the Taoist priest , baritone James Maddalena as Ruth 's husband , Art Kamen , mezzo-soprano Catherine Cook as Art 's mother Arlene Kamen and as Madame Wang in the flashback to Immortal Heart village , bass-baritone Valery Portnov as Art 's father , Marty Kamen , with 14-year-old Madelaine Matej and 17-year-old Rose Frazier , respectively , playing Art 's teen daughters , Dory and Fia Kamen . Chang 's wives were played by Mary Finch , Natasha Ramirez Leland , and Erin Neff . The Dalian Acrobatic Troupe performed aerial and floor stunts and played numerous supernumerary roles alongside the San Francisco Opera Chorus . The premiere was directed by Chen Shi-Zheng and conducted by Steven Sloane .
Larks Awaiting Spring
Western Meadowlark photo by John and Karen Hollingsworth :
U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service
The three-day , mid-April snow that drove the larks away from their soap boxes at the Reservoir resulted in the death by starvation of hundreds , if not thousands , of robins . Some robins stay in Boulder year round , while a lot more show up in the spring , contributing to a lot of competition , especially during prolonged snow events . While the snow melted within a few days , it was too late for many birds caught in mid-mating season .
The week after that three-day-event , another snowstorm dumped several more inches . Today , April 30 , they 're predicting four to seven inches of snow overnight . While a few of the larks returned to the Res to sing from the top of their territory , at least one did not make it . I found their body a hundred yards up the hill from the beach , resting on a knapweed ; the bright gold tummy feathers attracted me and I saw the beautiful black V coat of arms on their chest , the mark that showed off to the girls what a handsome fellow they are . I wondered how much extra food it might have taken to tide them over . For a three-ounce creature , maybe half an ounce of extra body fat would have meant survival into the glorious spring .
An extra month of winter is n't much fun for anyone , though it did bring this winter 's snow pack to 95 % of normal , which will be a big relief during the summer fire season . How did our ancestors survive Ice Age winters that went on forever and then cut into spring again and again ? When the food had run out and there was no more to be had ? My great , great grandmothers knew all about starvation . The ones that made it became our ancestors . I look at my extra pounds with more respect . I complain about having to lose weight , but those pounds are the reason I am here at all .
Advertisements
So Fedora 17 beta was supposed to have been released on April 3 . Today is April 5 and we are still waiting . But that is the way it is with the Fedora project . Release dates are not set in concrete . They will release something when it is ready , not to meet a predetermined release schedule .
When it does become available for the public to play with , hopefully before Easter Sunday , you will find a small Easter present on the main edition , that is , the edition that uses the GNOME 3 desktop .
If you have attempted to run a GNOME 3 desktop in a virtual environment , you will most certainly have seen this message :
With Fedora 17 , you will no longer see that message , which means that you can now run it in a virtual environment . You can now enjoy all the user-unfriendliness of a GNOME 3 desktop without having to install it on real hardware . But it is not just Fedora 17 , because the Live demo of GNOME 3.4 that was released last month also ran in a virtual environment in standard mode . You view some here .
I am sure that you are elated to know that . The following screen shots were taken from a test installation of Fedora 17 beta running in Virtualbox . Note that Fedora 17 has not been publicly released . I just managed to get my paws on it early . You obviously have figured out by the tone of this article that I am not a fan of the default GNOME 3 desktop . But I like Fedora . That is why I would like to see Fedora 17 GNOME tweaked out of the box to make it more user-friendly , just like Linux Deepin .
The login screens .
The default desktop . Where are all the applications ?
The desktop showing the user indicator .
The activities view .
Finally , the applications .
Games .
System utilities .
Time To End Talk Of Boycotts
There 's a wonderful saying about opinions that I wo n't repeat in full for fear of upsetting our more , ahem ... sheltered readers . Needless to say , it involves comparing opinions with a certain body part , the clinching line being that everyone has one . That 's something I 've always been at pains to promote . People should have their own opinions and they should debate them freely . That was before social media , aided by the growth of the internet , arrived on our doorstep . Now an ‘ I 'm right and you 're wrong and that 's it ' mentality prevails . We have become increasingly polarised and debate often degenerates into personal abuse .
Within the Rangers support this current trend manifests itself most openly in the debate about boycotts , and it is one that has reared its head again following quotes from Andy Kerr of the RSA who said fans could choose to stay at home if league reconstruction is voted through next month . I agree with Andy Kerr in this case , but others go a step further . The message from them is clear : if you do n't support a boycott , you 're not a real fan .
Well , I disagree with them .
First let me say I fully supported the boycott of Tannadice . Dundee United and their support were one of the worst in trying to kick us while we were down and I think it is right the Rangers support highlighted this by not attending their ground ( which is , quite frankly , a health and safety hazard ) . Secondly , I believe the plans for reconstruction are abysmal while the desire to rush them through in time for next season simply reeks of a carve-up . However , I 'm not convinced boycotting the likes of Elgin or East Stirling will be either desirable or effective as we try and drag ourselves to our feet . Yet for expressing such a view , I 'm apparently part of the problem . In fact I 'm in the ‘ never-miss-a-game brigade ' .
If this season has taught us anything it is that Rangers are undisputedly Scotland 's biggest football club and , with such a massive travelling support at our disposal , a boycott can be a powerful weapon . But for this weapon to retain its power , it must be used sparingly . For a start , a blanket boycott of all away games simply will not work because too many fans will ignore it . Asking people to stay away from one game is easy , but to keep that up for years on end ? Sorry , but it 's simply unrealistic . Instead we would end up with a half-filled stand and more division in a support that struggles so badly to put on a unified front . This is n't conducive to helping the club .
I 'm also not quite sure why SFL clubs should suffer because they want a different league set-up from us . If a Third Division club believes it is the best route for them to take then why should n't they vote for it ? Are we expecting clubs to ignore their own situation just because we think it is wrong ? Bear in mind we are partly responsible for the creation of the SPL , possibly the most destructive body in the history of Scottish football , but we were doing it because we thought it would maximise our opportunities . While a threat of a boycott from other clubs would n't affect Rangers in the slightest , I 'm sure we 'd all have been wondering what the fuss was about if a support from a lower division decided it was n't going to turn up at Ibrox for a cup tie because we were part of the cabal who formed the SPL . It would be grossly hypocritical of us to start moaning about clubs looking out for themselves when we 've been guilty of exactly the same thing many times in the past .
There is also the simple fact that football in the lower leagues will continue without our away support regardless . None of these teams will have budgeted for a game against Rangers and even without our large support there will still be a financial boost from playing us , perhaps not as large as if we were there but for clubs operating on shoe-string budgets it would still be tangible . I 'm also not convinced our non attendance at SPL grounds would have the effect many think it would . Clubs would adapt , even if they did need to cut costs . That , however , is an argument for another day .
If my reasons so far have n't quite gotten the message across , consider this - large travelling supports are a very part of the Rangers fabric . Much like red and black socks and toasting the Monarch from the Loving Cup , our away support has become embedded in the very culture of the club . It has helped us spread our story beyond the boundaries of Glasgow . It is part of the reason we have supporters clubs in small towns in the Highlands . We would be robbing fans in these towns of the opportunity to see their heroes on their doorstep . The Rangers support embraced making the long journey to support our team like no other in Scotland , perhaps the UK . There are records of Rangers fans flocking in their thousands to away games even when journeys to the likes of Aberdeen were edging towards ten hours rather than four . Through these journeys , many fabulous Rangers Supporters Clubs have been born . How many would survive with no away games ? Is that a price worth paying to make a point ?
One reason for playing the boycott card is the threat of starving clubs of money , but where does this end ? If we draw these teams in the cup at Ibrox , do we boycott our own ground ? Of course we do n't and the mere suggestion is ludicrous . The Dundee United boycott had nothing to do with money , despite what sections of the press wanted people to think . It was about making a point and , despite a minuscule number showing up , it held up well . Dundee United have shown an open hatred of our club and have used our situation to deliberately kick us while we 're down . SPL clubs wanted us out of their league . If SFL clubs vote for reconstruction it 's because they want us in theirs , not to keep us down but to help themselves . I may find it questionable , but I do n't believe it is worth boycotting over . This has nothing to do with hatred but self-preservation ( something our own club has been guilty of ) . It 's frustrating that the ‘ blue pound ' is used to prop some clubs up , but that is the price we pay for being the biggest club in the country .
I realise that I can offer no alternatives to a boycott in terms of opposing league reconstruction , which is a disgrace . But a boycott will simply not change anything ; it wo n't even start until after the vote . It reeks of shutting the stable door after the horse has bolted . And where do we stop ? Will we simply shout ‘ boycott ' at every perceived injustice ? Perhaps next time we are denied a penalty or have a goal chopped off for a non-existent foul ? One argument I 've heard is that ‘ if someone openly hates you , you would n't go to their house . ' Well , Rangers have been hated for years , but we still went in our thousands and rightly so .
The 12-12-18 proposal put forward is a disgrace . It does nothing to solve the deeper problems in Scottish football and is merely window dressing . The one suggestion that does show someone thinking outside the box ( Rangers and Celtic 'colt ' teams ) has been derided , with the man responsible told they are pro-Rangers ( despite their plan involving Celtic ) . The attempts to get reconstruction in place for next season would mean ten sets of supporters in SFL3 have been conned . There are penalties for false advertising and that may be something supporters could look into . If the changes are brought in next term , we have been falsely sold the carrot of promotion . Forget Rangers for a second and consider Peterhead , for example . They have spent money chasing promotion and now they are being told they could have kept their cash and played 11 guys from the stand as it would n't have made the slightest bit of difference to what league they are playing in next year . It makes a mockery of ‘ sporting integrity ' . But it 's time we stopped looked for conspiracies everywhere . The proposal was an SPL one for a start and it 's arrogant to assume there are SFL chairpersons rubbing their hands and cackling about ‘ getting one over those orange b % $ ! & * ! s ; I 'm simply not buying that .
This is just my opinion on why a boycott is not the answer . I would n't question any individual 's right to decide it is n't worth travelling because of league reconstruction , but spare those who do decide to go the potentially divisive indignation . I have a feeling the majority will continue to follow their club with pride , and that is well within their rights .
Douglas Dickie has worked with a regional newspaper for eight years . They are a season ticket holder at Ibrox and travels to away games on the Toryglen True Blues supporters ' bus
( Via SK MBC entertainment… )
Former Major leaguer Park Chan-ho retired from Baseball last 2012 , playing for the Hanwha Eagles in South Korea 's KBO league… this after playing 17 years of pro ball in the US Major leagues . But , adventure time is n't over yet for Park… as he 's here still up and running , trying to take on more challenging things in life other than Baseball . Here , in this MBC entertainment show titled as the “ Real Men 2 challenge ” , Park will participate in South Korea 's grueling military training/exercise that 's being held at Cheorwon county , in the Gangwon province ( that is very near Korea 's Demilitarized Zone , right next to the border with North Korea ) … actors/sports celebs alike , all must do the same and act same , and follow their CO 's strict orders , no exceptions .
Back in year 1998 when Park was still with the LA Dodgers , they were supposed to participate in ROK 's military training service , like any other South Korean should do , but due to the South Korean team winning the gold medal in Bankok , Thailand against team Japan in the finals in that time , with Park on the roster , in a 13-1 victory against their rivals… the South Korean government waived their 3 year mandatory military service to those athletes who win a gold medal in international sporting events/tourneys ( still in effect ) , so yeah… this will be their first time participating here . Now , knowing that this is just a preview of Park 's participation in the “ Real Men 2 Challenge ” event , we still do n't know how many weeks or months exactly he 'll be staying there , but one thing is for sure , it 'll be a fun ( still , wo n't be surprised if there 's gon na be bad experiences along the way though ) , but one heck of an experience for the former Major leaguer , Park Chan-ho . Along some of those who are participating in this same event with Park will be ; South Korean actor Ryu Seung-soo , and KBS comedy actors and Twins… Lee Sang-ho , and Lee Sang-min . Highlights will be shown and televised via MBC entertainment , will start this upcoming Sunday night ( Saturday in the US ) .
Winnipeg Jets have placed Mark Stuart on unconditional waivers
The buyout period ends today at 5 pm and the Jets have sent out a release that longtime Jets defenceman ( one year with Thrashers ) is heading to waivers for purposes of being bought out .
Stuart was signed to a four year deal back on March 5th , 2014 . They were entering the final year of that contact worth 2.65 million but now the Jets will pay out a lesser amount over the next two years ( according to CapFriendly ) and will have a cap hit of $ 1,458,333 this season and $ 583,333 in 2017-18 ( via CapFriendly ) .
Jets Release :
“ Mark Stuart has been a tremendous leader for the Winnipeg Jets organization on and off the ice for the past six years , ” said Jets General Manager Kevin Cheveldayoff . “ We are forever grateful for their mentorship to our young players and the ambassador they have been in the community . This was a difficult decision to make and we wish Mark and their family all the best in the future . ”
Toronto City Councillor Rob Ford has been appointed to the Hockey Hall of Fame and Museum 's board of directors .
Museum spokesperson Kelly Masse says that Ford was elected to the board for the first time at a member 's meeting on March 25 .
Masse says Ford wo n't be on the committee that selects inductees to the Hall of Fame .
Councillors Mark Grimes and Stephen Holyday were also elected to the board during the meeting .
Ford said in an interview on Saturday that they have a lot of experience in the hockey world and wanted to help promote the sport to children .
Ford also said they played hockey when they were younger and that they would do anything they could to support the game throughout Canada .
`` When people call me they know they 're getting someone that 's experienced , '' they said . `` I 've got season tickets to the Leafs and I 'm obsessed with hockey and obviously football but hockey 's my number one sport and I 'm going to try to just keep pushing it . ''
' I like the action '
Ford said they had already had their first meeting with the board and is in the process of being sworn in along with their fellow councillors .
`` Some people like the prestige of it , I like the action . I like rolling up my sleeves and showing up to meetings and getting it done , '' they said . `` What I do n't like is when people sign up and want to go to these boards and commissions and they do n't show up . ''
Ford added that they would attend every meeting they could , except for the months they would be in recovery following their surgery on May 11 at Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto to remove a cancerous tumour from their abdomen .
Doctors have expressed optimism that the surgery will be successful , Ford said .
`` It feels like I 've got a thousand pounds off my back , I can obviously think a lot clearer now because when you do n't know whether you 're going to live or die it 's not a very good feeling and I was thinking that every night , '' they said in a phone interview with The Canadian Press .
`` Obviously it was hard on my kids and we shed a lot of tears ... so now it 's just I have to fight through the operation and take it from there . ''
Police and experts have widely known for 45 years that it should n't be done . Yet late last month , the act cost a 15-year-old boy their life .
In April , a police officer , responding to a call about a house party , shot at a moving car and killed the front-seat passenger , 15-year-old Jordan Edwards . The officer , Roy Oliver , has already been fired and charged with murder , although there are still a lot of lingering questions about what happened .
But one thing we 've known for decades is that this kind of shooting simply should n't happen , because police officers should almost never shoot at moving vehicles . That 's been the policy in New York City , the country 's biggest local police department , for 45 years — and experts widely argue that it should be the policy for all police departments .
The argument for the change is straightforward : Shooting at a 4,000-pound vehicle is an ineffective way to stop it . Not only is the officer likely to miss the target ( because real life is n't Call of Duty ) , but they may actually hit someone else entirely . And if the officer gets or remains in front of the moving car in the course of shooting , they could get hurt even if they hit the driver .
“ If you 're successful and shoot the driver , now you have an uncontrolled vehicle , ” Geoff Alpert , a police tactics expert at the University of South Carolina , told me . “ And it 's just as likely their foot is going to go on the gas as it is to not go on the gas . ”
Yet these shootings continue to happen . According to a Washington Post database , police nationwide have killed nearly 200 people who were inside a moving car since January 2015 . These are by and large shootings that violate what policing experts consider best practices , causing deaths that are unnecessary , even if they 're legal .
If policies banning shooting at vehicles were implemented , enforced , and followed , all or most of these deaths could have been prevented while actually making police safer . At a time when excessive use of force by police is getting more attention , this change seems like low-hanging fruit in a policy area that can often be very divisive and messy .
45 years ago , New York City banned shooting at moving vehicles
More than four decades ago , the New York City Police Department found it had a big problem : It was killing a lot of people . One of these shootings in particular drew a lot of protests and days of riots : the killing of 10-year-old Ricky Bodden .
So the NYPD decided to reform its use of force practices to limit unnecessary deaths . The department made several changes , but one of the biggest came after it realized that many of these deaths were caused by cops shooting at moving vehicles . So it banned shooting at moving vehicles altogether as long as the only physical threat was from the car , not another weapon . This means police would be justified in shooting at a moving car if the driver was firing a gun at them , but not if the car itself was the only danger to police or others .
The Police Executive Research Forum , which studies and advocates for policing policies , summarized the results : “ That NYPD policy , adopted in 1972 , resulted in an immediate , sharp reduction in uses of lethal force in New York City . Police shooting incidents declined from nearly 1,000 a year in 1972 to 665 the following year , and have fallen steadily ever since , to fewer than 100 per year today . ”
The ban has had no noticeable impact on police 's ability to stop crime . Crime in New York City has generally dropped for decades , and it 's now at historic lows . In particular , total murders in 2016 in the city were 335 — down from 352 in 2015 and 673 in 2000 . ( The city 's murder rate has even fallen below the national average in recent years . )
Police officers have n't always perfectly followed New York City 's ban . After the police shooting of Sean Bell , who was unarmed , in 2006 , police were criticized in part for shooting at a car . This goes to show that just having a policy in place is n't always enough to stop a shooting ; it 's also crucial for officers to have good guidance and training , as well as for departments to properly enforce their policies .
But generally , policing experts agree the ban on shooting at vehicles has been good for New York City .
“ You had a loss of life and officers putting themselves in danger , ” Chuck Wexler , executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum , told me . “ The typical offense — a stolen car — was a relatively minor offense . Taking someone 's life , obviously , [ was ] a tragedy . So they realized , ‘ We just have to put in place a strong prohibition against police officers shooting at vehicles . ' ”
There are exceptions to the rule . Wexler pointed to a situation like the terrorist attack in Nice , France , where a truck rammed through civilians and killed dozens of people and injured hundreds . Such a desperate situation would warrant a police officer using force . “ Obviously , police would certainly be free to do whatever they have to to stop that vehicle , ” Wexler said .
There are also cases in which an officer might not be able to move out of a car 's way , making use of force potentially necessary . “ I 'd do everything I could to avoid [ the car ] , ” Alpert of the University of South Carolina acknowledged .
But these types of incidents , thankfully , make up a tiny minority of cases in which the police are dealing with a moving vehicle . That 's why the Police Executive Research Forum has called for a strict ban on shooting at vehicles in its 30 Guiding Principles on Use of Force .
Some law enforcement officials agree . John Timoney , who previously worked at the higher levels of police departments in New York City , Philadelphia , and Miami , wrote for the Police Executive Research Forum , “ A strict policy does not mean that there will never be an exception to the rule . If a cop can give a valid reason why they or they shot at a moving car ( I have heard a few in my time ) , it can be treated as an exception to the rule . But in the large majority of cases , a strict rule against shooting at cars will not only save lives , it will keep our cops out of trouble , out of the press , and God forbid , out of jail . ”
Wexler argued that it 's important any ban on shooting moving vehicles remain stringently enforced and narrowly written . Otherwise , officers will feel too much leeway — and may opt to shoot more often than they should . “ If it is n't a strong prohibition , then what happens is officers will put themselves in a position in which they do feel their life is in danger , and they have no choice , ” they said .
Experts argue a ban on shooting at moving vehicles makes everyone safer
Experts said this policy is good for just about everyone involved : officers , the driver , and anyone else who may be around this kind of situation .
“ No officers , to my knowledge , have been hurt as a result of it , ” Wexler said , referring to New York City 's policy . “ And many lives have been saved. ” They added , “ This policy , to me , is all about the sanctity of human life — both officer and the subjects they 're dealing with . ”
To understand why , imagine a case in which an officer is in front of a car that 's speeding toward him . If the cop decides to shoot , that could put them in harm 's way , since , instead of getting out of the way , he 'll be focused on shooting . That could get the officer seriously injured .
The other issue is that shooting a moving vehicle is a very ineffective way of actually stopping it . Most of the time , officers will miss — since cops simply are n't always the marksmen we see on television and in the movies . They might even hit the wrong target , like a passenger or a passerby near the car .
But even if they do hit the driver , that in no way guarantees that the car will actually stop . A wounded driver or dead body could lean into the pedal harder , causing the car to spiral out of control — and maybe hit more people and do more damage .
The downside , of course , is that not shooting may in some situations let a suspect get away . Experts argue , however , that this downside is worth the gains . “ There 's probably 100,000 warrants in the city of New York now , ” Wexler said . “ So there 's 100,001 . They 'll get him , find out where they live . It just is n't worth endangering everyone 's lives over something that , compared to taking a life , is insignificant . ”
Phillip Atiba Goff , a criminal justice and racial bias expert at John Jay College , compared this policy with those that ban car pursuits . Police have found that car chases often result in innocent people or officers getting hurt as a pursuit spirals further and further out of control . So many departments have banned car chases , instead relying on GPS tags , license plates , and other means of identification to catch up with a fleeing driver later .
“ No matter how well you 're trained , you ca n't be trained to race a car — like in a video game — and never get anybody hurt , ” Goff said . “ So people are just doing the cost-benefit analysis in their head , and saying [ that ] the risk to do this rarely is outweighed by the rewards . ”
The big lesson : police need to avoid situations in which force becomes the only answer
The whole issue speaks to a general issue with how police use force : Often , it 's not the seconds before the shooting in which the officer did something wrong . Instead , it can come down to what the officer was doing in the minutes or even hours before they fell into a situation in which force was suddenly deemed necessary .
Think of the final moments of before a Cleveland police officer shot and killed 12-year-old Tamir Rice in 2014 . In that tragedy , officers suspected that Rice , who was black , had an actual firearm when they were in fact playing with a toy gun . And officers drove right into the park where Rice was playing , shooting the boy within two seconds of getting out of their squad car .
What if officers had , instead of driving into the scene , parked further away , surveyed the area , and walked into the park more slowly , while giving warnings to Rice ? It 's of course impossible to say what the outcome would be — but it certainly seems much more likely that Rice would be alive today .
As Goff previously told me , “ We talk about the split-second decisions that have to be made when deadly force is used , and it 's a red herring . Most of the time , [ police ] are not ambushed in a corner and then they have to figure out what to do . Most of the time , what happens is there are a number of tactical decisions you 've made up until that point that have compromised your safety . ”
Situations involving a moving vehicle can be similar . If a cop 's focus is to stay out of a vehicle 's way instead of stopping a driver by any means necessary , they will likely never jump in front of a moving car — an immediately threatening situation in which they might deem force the only option . The police officer can avoid putting themselves in dangerous but unneeded circumstances that warrant force , averting what policing experts call “ a lawful but awful shooting . ”
Goff previously gave an example from research work they did in Las Vegas . There , police established a foot pursuit policy that said the officer who was giving chase should not be the first person to put their hands on the suspect , with coordinated backup instead arriving on the scene and taking on that role . The idea is that foot pursuits often ended in excessive use of force — after all , they are high-adrenaline chases in which the officer and the suspect can get really angry , really fast . So by limiting , when possible , chasing officers from putting their hands on the suspect , Goff figured you could limit use of force .
The change appeared to work . There was a 23 percent reduction in total use of force and an 11 percent reduction in officer injury over several years , on top of reducing racial disparities , according to Goff . “ Safer for the officer , safer for the suspects , ” they told me .
“ I did n't have to talk about race to reduce a disparity that has racial components to it , ” they added . “ I had to change the fundamental situation where police are chronically engaging with suspects . And that 's the kind of example that I 'm talking about how you interrupt the biases of life . ”
In the suburbs of Dallas , Texas , a similar approach — if a specific policy with decades of evidence were followed — could have saved a 15-year-old 's life .
Watch : Why recording the police is so important
Source : Martin Walsh
George Soros is a corrupt billionaire that has spent many years funding liberal candidates and policies . Most notably , it was just reported they are the lead financier to Black Lives Matter . Soros has been funneling money to Clinton for a long time , but they really likes Barack Obama .
Documents from George Soros ' Open Society Foundation were hacked and released by “ Guccifer 2.0 ” that clearly indicate that the billionaire and their Foundation changed Obama 's policy on increasing the total number of refugees the US takes in annually to 100,000 .
The documents reveal that the billionaire personally sent President Obama a letter on the issue of accepting refugees , and Obama changed their entire policy and platform that day .
The hacked memo confirms our notions about Soros controlling liberals , but it clearly shows that their foundation demanded Obama enact two other major policy objectives regarding the intake of Syrian refugees .
From the time Soros spoke to Obama up until today we can see Obama and their puppets changing their tone and policies . When Soros demanded that Obama increase the number of aid and finances to refugees overseas , Obama immediately did it .
The new plan Soros laid out for Obama was thoroughly detailed in a 69-page Open Society report on the agenda of an Open Society U.S. Programs board meeting held in New York from October 1 to October 2 , 2015 .
The memo from this board meeting states that they planned to speak heavily about how to increase the total number of refugees accepted annually by the U.S . But , the leaked documentation reveals that Soros and their mob already successfully lobbied the Obama administration to take in 100,000 refugees starting in 2017 as opposed to the earlier quota of 70,000 .
“ In the face of this pressure , the Obama administration announced Sept. 20 that by 2017 , it would raise to 100,000 the total number of refugees the U.S. takes worldwide each year , ” the document states .
The memo describes the successful lobbying efforts :
Over the course of several weeks , we , along with our colleagues in the Washington office led by Stephen Rickard , combined to undertake very active efforts to support a request to the Administration to provide a special allocation of an additional 100,000 refugee slots for Syrians and significantly expanded resources for international aid efforts . George Soros made such a request to President Obama in a recent letter , and 18 mayors across America are committed to welcoming refugees to their cities in numbers surpassing the administration 's proposal . We used the extensive networks we have developed to help engage an array of actors , most of whom were sympathetic to the cause but had not focused on the issue . In the face of this pressure , the Obama administration announced Sept. 20 that by 2017 , it would raise to 100,000 the total number of refugees the U.S. takes worldwide each year . While we applaud this development , it falls short of the proposed special allocation . We and allied advocates believe the U.S. can and should do more .
Secretary of State John Kerry announced in September 2015 that the U.S. would increase the number of refugees we accept annually from 70,000 to 100,000 .
A section of the Open Society document relates that Soros and the foundation “ pushed for three specific policy objectives ” from the Obama administration :
As George Soros and the parts of the foundation that focus on the Middle East , Africa , and Europe direct major resources and attention to that crisis , we have moved to press the United States government to respond at a level consistent with the global crisis . Working in close coordination with our colleagues in the DC Advocacy office , we ( in support of George Soros ) have pushed for three specific policy objectives : ( 1 ) an increase in the worldwide refugee authorization from the preexisting 70,000 to one commensurate with the need , ( 2 ) an increase in resources to the relevant government agencies to expand their ability to process individuals under the existing numbers ( noting that the United States has only processed 1,500 Syrians since 2011 even though existing authority allows 10,000 as of now ) , and ( 3 ) an increase in the financing for efforts overseas , recognizing that the United States is and remains the largest funder of support for these efforts . George Soros ' letter to President Obama is included here .
The third policy objective called for an increase in financing overseas by Obama , and they announced in September 2015 , one month before the Open Society 's board meeting that year , that the US would be sending $ 419 million more in humanitarian aid to , as the Washington Post reported , “ assist Syrian refugees and the countries that are hosting them . ”
George Soros bought a policy that will affect this entire country and Obama sold it to them with no questions asked . Soros has been bribing liberal politicians for many years and it has done absolutely no good .
Soros bribed Obama on the refugee issue , they encouraged Hillary to intervene in Hungarian political uprisings , they are the leading funder of BLM , and has donated more than $ 40 million to Hillary Clinton 's campaign alone this year . Everything Soros has done has killed this country and made it much worse for Americans .
Donald Trump is not bought by lobbyists , like Clinton , which is why Trump 's policies from 2015 have stayed the exact same today . That wall is going up , we are not taking in any Muslim refugees , we are going to bomb the h * ll out of ISIS , and we are going to create millions of new jobs .
Share this if you 're tired of foreign governments and billionaire lobbyists buying American influence and dictating what we do in the United States . If Hillary Clinton wore a NASCAR suit , they would be covered from head to toe with sponsorship 's because they are owned by everyone . Let us unite and defeat the Clinton Cartel for good in November so that people like George Soros can never hurt their country again !
Advertisements
Dollar for dollar the GeForce GTX 1080 offers the best performance for the price !
Dollar for dollar the GeForce GTX 1080 offers the best performance for the price . The price drop is due to the debut of the new RTX series of NVIDIA graphics cards . When the GTX 1080 first hit the market , the price put it out of reach for many gamers . The specs on the card are incredibly impressive , and it will run just about any game at 60+ FPS , even with the game 's graphics options set to `` high '' . Since most monitors run at 60 Hz , frame rates over 60 FPS wo n't make a noticeable difference . If your monitor refresh rate is 120 Hz , then any frame rate over 120 FPS is not noticeable . The core clock specs out at 1607MHz , and the boost clock specs out at 1733MHz . Using MSI Afterburner , you can overclock the 1080 to push the limits even further . I upgraded from the 1070 to the 1080 and noticed a perceivable difference in frame rates . The 1080 is capable of handling most games with ease . With the used price average of $ 315 - $ 350 , this is an incredible value , and I recommend it to anyone who wants to get a powerful graphics card at an affordable price.Read full review
Verified purchase : No
The Stephen Curry Revolution is happening every game , but not just in arenas and not measured only by the NBA standings or record book .
This is a night-by-night worldwide sports epiphany , witnessed by everybody great or small who ca n't resist tuning into the greatest show of our time .
“ To me , my hero , other than Michael Jordan , growing up was Isiah Thomas , ” said two-time NBA MVP Steve Nash .
“ But in some ways , I wish I was a 13-year-old starting to play basketball for the first time so I could grow up watching ( Curry ) play and emulating him . That 'd be pretty powerful .
“ You know , I hope my ( 6-year-old ) son likes basketball . ”
That 's the unique power of what Curry is doing these days with the 20-0 Warriors — it 's far beyond their team affiliation or the normal demographics of this sport .
He 's NBA Elvis . Today 's Jesse Owens . He 's the new thing that blows away all existing limits and boundaries .
So yes , the victories are important . Last season 's championship and Curry 's MVP award were crowning milestones , no doubt .
And Curry 's poise and grace throughout it all — their connection to their teammates , coaches and fans — serve as the largest exclamation points to their ascension .
But as a cultural barometer , the specific Curry Moments — most recently , their incredible 28-point third-quarter performance Wednesday in Charlotte — are essentially stand-alone landmarks .
We watch . They play . The night turns electric .
Brent Barry , a 14-year NBA veteran and now a national TV analyst , says their 9-year-old son asks them one thing every afternoon : “ Is Steph playing tonight ? ” And on Wednesday they were another witness for Curry .
“ He wo n't miss games , ” Barry said of their son , “ just like Steph wo n't miss shots . ”
The NBA , of course , is not lacking for immense , compelling talents — starting with LeBron James and continuing through Kevin Durant , Tim Duncan , Russell Westbrook , Draymond Green and James Harden , among others .
But there is something different about Curry right now , in their prime ( 27 , in their seventh NBA season ) and accelerating their game well past even last season 's MVP dominance .
As future Hall of Famer Kevin Garnett suggested a few weeks ago , Curry is treading upon sacred NBA territory — where only Michael Jordan recently has tread .
With Curry and the Warriors at the forefront , lethal long-distance shooting has become basketball 's most potent force , and Curry proves it every game . “ Like Michael Jordan was a whole other thing , this guy is their own thing , ” Garnett told reporters Nov. 12 . “ It 's beautiful for basketball . ”
Curry , who scored 40 points in only 30 minutes on Wednesday , now has six games of 40 points or more this season . The last player to do that in their team 's first 20 games : Jordan in 1986 .
But this is not close to the same thing , because Jordan and Curry represent different levels of NBA invincibility .
In their prime , Jordan attacked the rim and defied gravity ; Curry seems to exist in a dimension without it .
They just calmly places themselves and the basketball wherever they want while all other players whirl and tumble haphazardly around him .
NBA legend Jerry West , a Warriors executive , said the most notable part of Curry 's career track is that they work so hard in the off-season and keeps taking enormous strides .
“ I think he 's going to create a new kind of player to be honest with you , ” West said . “ I think before it 's all said and done , here 's a guy that 's going to make their own place in history in a completely different manner than these other players have done . ”
In just the past two seasons , Curry , who is right-handed , has developed such a great touch driving and shooting with their left hand that West says they sometimes tease Curry that they probably ca n't actually use their right hand .
With the possible exception of Pete Maravich 's star-crossed career , the sport has never had such a pure shooter who can also weave through defenders to finish or flick the ball to open teammates .
And Curry is doing it better and certainly more consistently than Maravich ever did .
This is n't just about numbers , but the numbers are stunning : Curry made eight three-pointers Wednesday , giving them 102 for the season — more than Larry Bird ever made in one season — in only 20 games .
Curry is averaging more than five three-point baskets per game , putting them on pace to destroy the regular-season record for threes ( 286 ) , which they set last season .
Curry leads the league in scoring , plus-minus , true shooting percentage , PER … and you do n't have to know what all those stats mean except that this is a season for the ages and a career that will end up next to the immortals .
“ I would n't compare them to Michael Jordan , ” said Nash , who retired last season and now serves as a consultant to the Warriors . “ But I would say Steph is turning into a historical category of their own , in a way .
“ He 's in the prime of their career and will be for a few years , and the way he 's improving and the level he 's playing at is … I think he 's unlike anyone else . Their ability to make shots and still handle the play-making duties is historic .
“ I think you 'd be hard-pressed to find a player more skilled than them in the history of the game . ”
Yes , Curry 's teammates realize they 're playing alongside somebody who is creating history every game .
Even more , they understand that Curry is the perfect person to do this and handle it all — for example , Curry only started shooting this often when they realized it was the best thing for the team .
“ It 's self-evident , ” said Warriors forward Andre Iguodala . “ He 's just in their … kind of their own world .
“ Things are good when you are who you think you are . And they are that . He 's starting to know ‘ That 's who I am . ' And when you 're playing with that much confidence , you have that talent and you work that hard , it 's going to happen for you . ”
So has Curry changed the game ?
“ Yeah , for good and for bad , ” Iguodala said , possibly envisioning a future in which everyone is firing up shots outside their range .
Curry 's game is definitely not difficult to embrace or to try to copy — everybody can shoot or dribble a ball .
“ It seems to be a lot more accessible to the average fan or the hoop head or the gym rat , ” Barry said of Curry 's game . “ It is n't Steph jumping over two people on a fast break and hammering home dunks . It is n't a physical domination on the post . ”
You can imagine the result : Just as Jordan 's career produced thousands of players trying to dunk every time they touched the ball , Curry 's highlight reel could create legions of three-point shooters who ca n't actually shoot .
Recreation leagues , AAU games , college games and even the NBA might be full of long-heave chaos for a while , starring multitudes of Curry wannabes who ca n't and should n't try to be Curry .
But , as Nash suggests , if you look at the beauty and complexity of Curry 's game , maybe that would n't be so bad .
It 's an evolution , and Curry is the latest Big Bang .
“ The game 's evolving … and it 's a beautiful thing because it 's about skill and dedication , commitment and inspiring a whole generation , ” Nash said .
“ It 's awesome to see . And I think it 'll be fascinating to see what the next evolution will be because of Steph . ”
Nobody knows what that will be , nobody knows when that will happen .
What we know is that Curry , right here and now , is the greatest sports happening of this generation and one of the most important of all generations .
Read Tim Kawakami 's Talking Points blog at blogs.mercurynews.com/kawakami . Contact them at tkawakami @ mercurynews.com or 408-920-5442 . Follow them at Twitter.com/timkawakami .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) broke its own internal rules when it spied on Keystone XL opponents in Texas , violating guidelines designed to prevent the agency from becoming overly involved in complex political issues , a new report by the Guardian and Earth Island Journal published Tuesday has revealed .
Internal documents acquired by the outlets through Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request show how the FBI failed to get approval for launching investigations into Houston-based protesters , whom the agency labeled `` environmental extremists , '' and held a bias in favor of the controversial tar sands pipeline—currently awaiting federal approval—extolling its supposed economic benefits in one document which outlined reasons for spying on its opponents .
`` Many of these extremists believe the debates over pollution , protection of wildlife , safety , and property rights have been overshadowed by the promise of jobs and cheaper oil prices , '' the file states . `` The Keystone pipeline , as part of the oil and natural gas industry , is vital to the security and economy of the United States . ''
The Guardian reports :
Between November 2012 and June 2014 , the documents show , the FBI collated inside knowledge about forthcoming protests , documented the identities of individuals photographing oil-related infrastructure , scrutinised police intelligence and cultivated at least one informant . .... However , the partially redacted documents reveal the investigation into anti-Keystone activists occurred without prior approval of the top lawyer and senior agent in the Houston field office , a stipulation laid down in rules provided by the attorney general .
Additionally , the FBI appeared to have opened its file on the Keystone XL opponents in 2013 following a meeting between officials from the agency and TransCanada , the company building the pipeline .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
`` For a period of time—possibly as long as eight months—agents acting beyond their authority were monitoring activists aligned with [ direct action climate group ] Tar Sands Blockade , '' the Guardian writes .
Dozens of activists were arrested in Texas in late 2012 , although none were accused of violent crime or property damage , according to key Tar Sands Blockade organizer , Ron Seifert .
`` Less than a month after TransCanada showed the FBI a PowerPoint claiming that people opposed to [ Keystone XL ] need to be watched , Houston 's FBI office cuts corners to start an investigation ; it 's not surprising but it is revealing of who they really work for , '' Seifert told Common Dreams on Monday . `` The FBI has been harassing and actively repressing communities of organizers for decades . ''
Yet more records show that the FBI associated the Tar Sands Blockade , which organizes peaceful protests , with other `` domestic terrorism issues . ''
Other documents suggest that the Houston-based investigation was only one of a larger probe , possibly monitoring other anti-Keystone XL activists around the country .
`` We 're not surprised , '' Seifert continued . `` We 're also not deterred . Movements for climate and environmental justice are activating people from diverse political backgrounds to take direct action to defend themselves from threats like [ Keystone XL ] . People are stepping out of the blind alleys of electoral politics and building grassroots power , and that 's scary for people who want a monopoly on power . ''
Former Strikeforce Middleweight Champion Luke Rockhold is very confident heading into their title fight against current UFC Middleweight Champion Chris Weidman at UFC 194 .
`` Fights usually go the way I see them , how I plan them out . Very few fights have not gone the way I see them . I see myself finishing Weidman within three rounds , '' Rockhold told media in Los Angeles ( video via MMA Heat , starts at 19:48 ) .
Rockhold complimented Weidman 's toughness and overall skill , as well as their ability to push a pace . When asked if they expect to fight Weidman twice if the champ is given an automatic rematch , Rockhold stated that he 'll expect a trilogy of fights .
`` Or three times . I think me and Weidman are above the rest . I think I 'm going to be like their big brother for their whole career after this fight , '' Rockhold laughed .
Rockhold also went in depth as to how they would go about beating Weidman , who is a perfect 13-0 in their MMA career .
`` It 's gon na be a closer first round . He 's going to be tough , but I 'm going to start stuffing their takedowns and threatening them on the ground if need be . We 're going to find our way back to our feet and I 'm going to start finding my groove . Their pace is going to change and he 's going to start backpedaling and I 'm going to start teeing off . ''
Although Rockhold is confident in their prediction , they realize that Weidman is their toughest test to date , and expects the two to bring the best out of each other .
`` He believes in themselves and I love it . That 's the fight I want . I think it 's going to bring the best out of me . I have n't even had a fight drag me to reach my potential . Weidman is the guy to bring me to that . ''
Chris Weidman vs. Luke Rockhold will co-main event UFC 194 in Las Vegas , Nevada . The main event for the card will see current UFC Featherweight Champion Jose Aldo and Interim UFC Featherweight Champion Conor McGregor unify the belts .
Limited First Edition run , with deluxe print and download card featuring a surprise bonus track , `` Sex '' .
Ross Birchard has made the leap from beatmaker to genuine super-producer far more spectacularly than most . Drake , Lil Wayne , Bjork , Antony & The Johnsons , R. Kelly , Big Sean , Pusha T , Pharrell , Mark Ronson , Miguel , John Legend , Future , Rick Ross - the list of credits spirals into the upper echelons of adventurous hip pop titans . Hudson Mohawke had been knighted a fully paid-up producer to the stars and then they did what other pop producers fail to do - they went and had a few hits of their own , starting in the summer of 2012 when they and Lunice teamed up for an unassuming drop under the name TNGHT ( Warp x LuckyMe ) , continuing most recently with last year 's Chimes EP when Apple chose the track for their new global campaign literally wearing a Hudson Mohawke sticker proudly on their product .
Now they are back with their first solo album in over five years and it 's everything you 've wanted and very little of what you 've expected . 'Lantern ' is a fusion album of soaring orchestration and widescreen club dynamics . It looks unwaveringly towards the future while embracing an evolving , timeless canon of pop and soul music ; tracks feature Antony Hegarty , Miguel , Jhene Aiko , Irfane , Ruckazoid , and Devaeux . Says HudMo , `` This album is everything I 've been working towards . I wanted to make a classic - at least for me and my friends . I never wanted to be any genre . I wanted to be my own thing . Everything . `` ·
Affixed to the wall near the city gate in the town of Dubrovnik on Croatia 's beautiful Dalmatian Coast , is a map showing the scale of damage the city suffered during the Croatian War of Independence ( 1991–1995 ) . The black triangles denote damaged roof , the red boxes denote fires , and the black dots denote direct artillery hits . The damage has been repaired today , but from high points around the city one can clearly see where the bombs fell from the brightly coloured new roofs . While Dubrovnik recovered , the memory of the conflict lingers elsewhere , and nowhere more than in Kupari , located just 10 km to the east of the city .
Photo credit : Gzzz/Wikimedia
Kupari was once a hugely popular holiday resort . This holiday village first opened to tourists in 1919 when a Czech investor built the Grand Hotel on the shoreline . In those days Croatia was a part of the newly formed Kingdom of Yugoslavia , having seceded from Austria-Hungary after the end of the First World War . The stuccoed bricked walls , fluted pillars , and neoclassical swirls of the Grand Hotel is a reminder of Croatia 's Austro-Hungarian connection .
In the 1960s , Josip Broz Tito , the country 's supreme military commander decided that Kupari was the perfect place to send their army officers on holiday . Over the next two decades five more hotels containing over 2,000 beds were built for officers and their families . Nearby , just around the headland , a campsite was built with three more hotels , villas , and residential houses . Altogether , Kupari 's hotels could accommodate up to 4,500 guests .
All the hotels are situated close to the waterline , shrouded in typical Mediterranean greenery , and with direct access to the beach . The camp , situated at a walking distance from the hotels , contained the administration building , a clinic , and other auxiliary structures . Further away from the hotels , at the end of a seaside promenade , is a detached group of amenities including residential buildings and villas and an underground structure where high government officials met .
Then , the Croatian War of Independence broke out in 1991 . That summer , the Yugoslav People 's Army moved into Dubrovnik and began bombarding the historic city . The JNA had captured virtually all of the peninsulas on the coast of the Adriatic Sea , with the exception of Dubrovnik itself . Over the months and years that followed , Dubrovnik and Kupari were subjected to heavy shelling and artillery fire , the scars of which remain visible till today in Kupari .
The biggest hotel , Kupari , was devoured in flames . Pelegrin Hotel was directly hit several times , and its interior was devastated when used for temporary accommodation by the Croatian Army servicemen . After capturing Kupari from the Croatian fighters , the JNA stripped the hotels bare , carrying away everything and anything of value .
After the War of Independence , Dubrovnik was rebuilt but Kupari was left bomb-scarred , broken and permanently closed .
Last year , the former military resort town was purchased by a private party . According to The Dubrovnik Times , all the existing hotels in Kupari will be destroyed to make way for a new five-star resort .
Photo credit : Bjoertvedt/Wikimedia
Photo credit : Igor Trklja/Wikimedia
Photo credit : Ben Fredericson/Flickr
Photo credit : Ben Fredericson/Flickr
Photo credit : Ben Fredericson/Flickr
Photo credit : Ben Fredericson/Flickr
Photo credit : Ben Fredericson/Flickr
Photo credit : Harry McGregor/Flickr
Photo credit : Gzzz/Wikimedia
80 hours a week .
That 's the benchmark that Alex St. John , co-creator of DirectX and founder of WildTangent , sets for productive game work in a rancid article in VentureBeat . 80 hours a week , they say . Do n't enter the games industry with a “ wage-slave attitude. ” Do n't you dare complain about it . Quit if you do n't like it . When I wrote my initial piece here at Giant Bomb about the state of working conditions in game development , some folks doubted that attitudes like this existed anymore . But here it is , and it reflects something a lot deeper than just the rantings of one man .
The article in question has been making wide rounds in circles who pay attention to the games industry , labor , or both . For good reason : St. John 's take is as extreme as it is real . Not content with the 60 hour crunch of the industry , they want you to know that you 'd better go in even harder . Though not so hard that you take games too seriously : They do n't want you “ mailing in a 40-hour work week making video games ” , with the emphasis ( his , not mine ) letting you know that , as much as they talk about suffering for games as art , you should n't take video games too seriously . They 're not a real job , after all .
Though he 's somewhat obscure these days , St. John is not some small player in the industry . They were one of the first developers on DirectX , that ubiquitous graphics platform which contemporary PC gaming is built on . They later founded WildTangent , a studio which has found mild success at best , but which stuck around since 1998 .
Alex St. John
St. John 's biography is big , but central to their self-mythologizing seems to be that they burned out at Microsoft during DirectX development . One old profile of St. John says that they “ would pass out at their keyboard and straggle into morning meetings with key marks on their face , ” and that the burnout led to their “ marriage disintegrating. ” But St. John did n't buck up and push on , they chose to get themselves fired to survive . That 's not an isolated citation ; they certainly find it interesting enough to air their emails from the time on their blog .
One can imagine a version of St. John 's story that is triumphant . They were a rural Alaskan kid who worked hard to make an indelible stamp upon PC gaming , only to crash and burn to find their own way once they were independently wealthy . Imagine if he 'd used their reflections on this journey to address that same burn out culture , instead of enshrining it . Instead , we have a man who has blogged their way down Bell Curve territory and given presentations about the desirability of “ non-asperger 's technical women ” for your team . And while their recent VentureBeat article ended up producing thoughtful responses ( like this one from Rami Ismail ) , St. John only doubled down , following up with a screed about lazy millennials .
Though it might seem odd that a man would burn themselves out working crunch and then insist crunch is the price of doing business in the games industry , the truth is that this only reflects a long entrenched ideology . Recall Mike Capps ' infamous remarks about Epic never hiring people who are unwilling to work 60+ hours a week . Those comments were made at an International Game Developers Association ( IGDA ) event back in 2008 . The IGDA , for the uninitiated , is an organization which claims the mantle of improving developer work-life balance , among other things .
Mike Capps , former president of Epic Games . Capps is currently at Unity .
Lost in the noise of St. John 's article is that it was intended as a rebuttal to an interview VentureBeat conducted with Kate Edwards , head of the IGDA . The IGDA has long had the best surveys of developer work life in the world ; I used them myself in an article for The Guardian . Besides the surveys , the IGDA occasionally issues a strongly worded blog post or press release when they feel the need to directly advocate for workers ( as they did with Alison Rapp just a few weeks ago ) . But that 's where the organization 's activism ends , leaving the bulk of its efforts at improving the lot of games workers to panels and polite discussion .
I was curious if St. John themselves had ever worked an IGDA event and , sure enough , they have , at a 2010 leadership conference . While the VentureBeat article is doubtlessly the most high profile St. John 's been since the old days , their views on crunch are hardly recent or something he 's been reticent to talk about . Which brings the question : Why does the IGDA , as an organization ostensibly devoted to the betterment of crunch , let people like St. John and Capps use their events as platforms for their special brand of “ leadership ” ?
When I 've called for more worker organization in the past , some plugged in readers have suggested that that IGDA already serves that purpose , and this is an example of why we need more . The division between labor advocacy groups that rely on discourse and those that focus on active organization is longer and more storied than I can cover on here , but press releases have never been enough . There is no roundtable or discussion panel which is going to convince St. John to back away from their position . There 's no accord to be reached with him . They are telling the IGDA , the workers of the industry , and the watching world exactly what they think of compromise : there is none and , if you think there is , he 'll weed you from their company by going “ churn and burn . ”
A slide from one of St. John 's presentations . Grow cautious whenever someone starts ranting about what `` real '' work looks like .
What 's more , the fact that crunch is still a problem is proof that there are plenty of more Alex St. Johns out there -- they just are n't as outspoken as him . They want art which you suffer for , your payment arriving in the form of a love which wo n't feed you or pay your rent . The contours may be slightly different ; maybe the St. John at one company only wants 60 hours a week , the St. John at another offers just pizza for your crunch hours , while yet another St. John pays really well but still seems to be a little too eager to crunch when it 's not necessary . My own St. Johns , at Funcom , were pretty fair , but botched production schedules eventually meant 6 and 7 day weeks with eventual layoffs for a big portion of our quality assurance team when Age of Conan flatlined . As I 've said before : Work conditions often suffer for reasons beyond base cruelty , but they can still be addressed . And in case it is n't clear , this is hardly a problem unique to game development . Many other industries face issues like poor work-life balance and high turnover rates , too . But we 're equipped to address ( and invested in ) games , so that 's where we 're focusing .
Kate Edwards , Executive Director of the International Game Developers Association .
The problems the industry currently faces -- the ones that Alex St. John holds up as virtues instead of faults -- are problems , and they 're the sort that the IGDA either can not or will not solve . They are not equipped or authorized to negotiate on behalf of workers , and when I asked their survey team about the potential for the IGDA to take a larger role in organization , they were quick to point out that they do n't intend to be a union . This leaves their desire to just talk things out until they get better all the more frustrating . They have infrastructure , membership , and interest , just not the final desire for confrontation which the St. Johns of the industry clearly do .
To their credit , Edwards notes in their VentureBeat interview that the IGDA aims to turn their survey data into a system which will be used to call out those companies who do not pay their crunch timeworkers . This is fine , but is a ways off and is the sort of thing which may well run afoul of certain NDAs . People are fired in other industries for speaking out about workplace issues of all sorts , from labor abuse to the sale of faulty products . There is nothing at all which says the same thing can not happen in games ; it may even be likely , given the lack of protections against reprisal the lack of a union brings . . It also continues the IGDA 's single-minded focus on discussion instead of action . Will major publishers change their tune if the IGDA calls them out ? Or will they just weather the storm of criticism the way they have so often in the past . Edwards is , early in the article , more interested in reward than punishment ; we 're left to wonder what rewards are so good that they outweigh the gains studio heads can make by working their employees to exhaustion .
According to the IGDA 's most recent Developer Satisfaction Survey , 75 % of QA workers feel like they need to work 60+ hour weeks in order to do their jobs .
The IGDA is ultimately not a worker 's organization . Its board always has studio heads on it . The asupervisorstioned Capps was once on the IGDA 's board of directors , which is what made their statements so galling a nearly a decade ago . This is the crux of the IGDA 's problem : How can it truly serve the interests of workers when it has a crunch proponent on its board of directors and it wo n't vet its conference presenters ? The answer , of course , is that it ca n't .
If Edwards wants to make the IGDA more forceful in its role as unofficial voice of industry workers , it 's well-past time for proponents of crunch to be denied a place at IGDA events . Every presenter and certainly every board member should be required to sign a pledge that they will not institute crunch time at their studios . The IGDA is under no obligation to give a platform to those who are opposed to its mission statement . If it truly thinks that crunch is a scourge of the industry as it claims , it must forcefully clarify that advocates for crunch have other places they may speak about their special brand of management . Though the IGDA ca n't simply talk the industry into better behavior , I do think that if their voice is clear , strong , and unshakeable , they can help to build the sort of environment and culture necessary for game developers to organize and address our industry 's most pressing concerns .
Ian Williams is a freelance writer and author based in Raleigh , North Carolina . Their work has been featured in Jacobin , The Guardian , Paste , and Vice . You can find them on Twitter at @ Brock_toon . You can listen to Austin chat with Ian on this past episode of Giant Bomb Presents .
HOUSTON - Social media is buzzing over what a server at Bubba 's Bar & Grill in the Heights wrote on a receipt .
Barnard Bradfield , 19 , was working Saturday and they admit it was so busy , they forgot the names of the ladies they were waiting on . They wrote `` Black Girls '' on the tab , they say , to remember who they were .
`` I was trying to remember the ladies ' names but it was n't right , of course . I just was trying to remember their names so I did n't give them a wrong order or anything , '' Bradfield said .
The women saw the tab and were upset .
General Manager Eliud Zapata told Local 2 they left seemingly OK with how things were handled .
`` They did n't make it a big deal . They were upset about it but they felt it was n't personal , that we were n't trying to be racist , '' Zapata says .
Bradfield , who is black , says they never thought someone would post the bill to social media and trigger such a reaction .
One person wrote : `` This is why I will no longer go to any place on Washington Ave ! ! ! This not the only place out there that does this . ''
Another posted : `` Are they putting different ingredients in our ( black girls ) food or what ? ! ! ! ''
Meanwhile , Bradfield is suspended from their job for a couple of weeks but the manager says they will return to work soon .
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
CBS2 's Lonnie Quinn explains how a shift of 50 miles to the east changed the outcome of the Blizzard of 2015 . ( Credit : CBS2 )
– The Blizzard of 2015 turned out only to be a minor snowstorm for the boroughs of New York City and many other areas only because the storm system shifted 50 miles off its forecast path .
As CBS2 's Lonnie Quinn explained on Tuesday afternoon , the forecasted track a day earlier indicated that the storm would set up right off the eastern tip of Long Island . The circulation around the low-pressure system at the center of the storm would have dumped buckets upon buckets of snow in New York City and left feet of snow on the ground .
CHECK : MTA | NJ TRANSIT | PATH | Travel & Transit Guide
But Quinn explained on Monday what could cause the storm to bust . Theoretically , air that was not cold enough or a lack of moisture could have busted the storm , but neither was a possibility . But Quinn pointed out on Monday that there was indeed a slight chance that the track of the storm could change , and it just so happened that it did .
The center of the storm shifted 50 miles eastward , and that made all the difference , Quinn reported . As a result , Glendale , Queens topped out at 12.1 inches , LaGuardia Airport 11 inches ; Jamaica , Queens 10.1 inches ; and Central Park just 9.8 inches . If the blizzard had stayed on the track predicted , the totals of 1 to 2 feet of snow would likely have materialized .
And indeed , just 20 to 30 miles east on Long Island , Massapequa topped out at 17.8 inches , and Oceanside and Plainview 17 inches even . And 50 to 80 miles east of the city , snow totals were indeed monumental , with 28.5 inches in the Orient , 28 inches in Southampton and 25.6 inches in Medford by Tuesday night , CBS2 Meteorologist Elise Finch reported .
Gary Szatkowski , the meteorologist in charge of the National Weather Service 's office in Mt . Holly , New Jersey , went so far as to apologize for the forecast . They took to Twitter to do so .
“ My deepest apologies to many key decision makers and so many members of the general public , ” Szatkowski tweeted . “ You made a lot of tough decisions expecting us to get it right , and we did n't . Once again , I 'm sorry . ”
My deepest apologies to many key decision makers and so many members of the general public . — Gary Szatkowski ( @ GarySzatkowski ) January 27 , 2015
You made a lot of tough decisions expecting us to get it right , and we did n't . Once again , I 'm sorry . — Gary Szatkowski ( @ GarySzatkowski ) January 27 , 2015
New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo defended the decision to implement a travel ban based on the forecast , while also discussing the impact of the decision .
“ We had a storm several weeks ago where I believed the forecast was for a relatively modest amount of snow and we then had seven feet of snow in Buffalo , ” Cuomo said . “ And we did n't close roads etcetera because we were n't anticipating seven feet of snow . I made a comment that the weather forecast was not 100 percent accurate , which offended weather forecasters all across the country . And I was roundly berated for days for criticizing the weather forecast . So on the theory of live and learn , and a little wiser , weather forecasters do the best they can and we respond to the best information we have . ”
Gamers have a thing for game pads . When they first appeared a long time ago in a galaxy far far away… hmm… they were simply called controllers . They were a way of controlling the sprite , the object you were playing , on the screen . Back then it was the 8th wonder of the world , but today the technology behind them is n't that sexy . The sad part is that they have n't changed much since they first appeared . Maybe it 's because they were designed so incredibly awesome that another update was just not necessary . However , there is a second problem with the game pads of today . They do n't work on computers . The fact that console people and geeks are the only ones who enjoy playing games on a game pad is unacceptable .
Therefore , the smart and brilliant people over at Shogun Bros. decided to fill that void with what they call the Chameleon X-1 . Indeed it 's a spacey name for a spacey little product . It 's a mouse that two times as a game pad . Yeah , it 's entirely and completely sexy like that . Not only is it wireless , but the game pad is actually hidden underneath the mouse itself . You 'll be able to fool just about any geek you want with this , and then smile like to lurk you are .
Even though the mouse is not available at this very moment , it has been revealed that it will cost around $ 55 and will be available in stores around you soon . What “ soon ” is , we can only speculate , but the good news is that all computer geeks soon will be able to play games using their game pads instead of the mouse that still is a mouse but two times… well you get the picture I am sure .
Abstract
We present a deblurring algorithm that uses a hardware attachment coupled with a natural image prior to deblur images from consumer cameras . Our approach uses a combination of inexpensive gyroscopes and accelerometers in an energy optimization framework to estimate a blur function from the cameras acceleration and angular velocity during an exposure . We solve for the camera motion at a high sampling rate during an exposure and infer the latent image using a joint optimization . Our method is completely automatic , handles per-pixel , spatially-varying blur , and out-performs the current leading image-based methods . Our experiments show that it handles large kernels  up to at least 100 pixels , with a typical size of 30 pixels . We also present a method to perform ground-truth measurements of camera motion blur . We use this method to validate our hardware and deconvolution approach . To the best of our knowledge , this is the first work that uses 6 DOF inertial sensors for dense , per-pixel spatially-varying image deblurring and the first work to gather dense ground-truth measurements for camera-shake blur . Examples
Automatically Deblurred using data from the Sensor Attachment ( images are blinking between the blurred image and our deblurred result )
The Keystone State is the biggest prize of the GOP 's five-state slate Tuesday night . Trump was also projected to win Maryland and Connecticut as polls closed . Rhode Island and Delaware were not immediately called .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pennsylvania has 71 delegates . Trump 's win gives them just 17 delegates . The remaining 54 are unbound and free to support any candidate they like at the Republican convention .
But Trump 's big win puts pressure on the state 's unbound delegates to respect the will of Pennsylvania voters in their convention votes .
A number of these unbound delegates have already suggested publicly that they will respect the popular vote and support the statewide winner .
Trump 's win also deals an important psychological blow to their rivals , particularly to John Kasich . The Ohio governor had targeted neighboring Pennsylvania as a state that would be receptive to their messages of bipartisan outreach and compassionate conservatism .
Kasich allies had cause for hope in Pennsylvania as recently as late March when a Franklin & Marshall College poll had Kasich and Trump neck-and-neck in the state .
But more recent polling showed that survey was an outlier and that Kasich drifted well off the pace in the state .
Maryland has 38 delegates up for grabs , while Connecticut has 28 .
- Updated at 8:20 p.m .
ISIS seems to be arranging for residents in Mosul to be struck and killed by US-led coalition airstrikes , in order to boost civilian death counts and to create controversy around the coalition campaign .
The militant group has a long history of forcing civilians to serve as human shields — to ward off airstrikes . But in recent weeks ISIS has reportedly been placing Mosul residents at military locations , secretly , and then inviting airstrikes .
`` They 're trying to sneak civilians into locations so that we 're not aware of them , '' says US Army Col. Joe Scrocca , `` and then they begin an engagement with the Iraqi security forces . ''
Scrocca , who is a spokesperson for the coalition 's Combined Joint Task Force in Iraq , says `` ISIS 's purpose is to attack the strength of the coalition — our support back in our homelands . They are trying to ensure that the coalition is condemned for their actions , so that they can carry on . ''
Local reports from Mosul , collected by the industry journal Iraq Oil Report , echo the US military 's allegations .
This new tactic may have led to the deaths of hundreds of civilians on March 17 , one of the deadliest days in Mosul since the campaign to liberate the city began . While the US Department of Defense counts 61 civilians killed , the airstrike tracking organization Airwars estimates `` as many as 230 or even 520 civilians were killed in a catastrophic event at al Jadida ( New Mosul ) . ''
Journalist Patrick Osgood wrote in Iraq Oil Report that ISIS members forced around 200 civilians to move into a large cellar that stretched under several buildings in the New Mosul neighborhood . A building above them collapsed when the coalition struck a nearby target .
While the cause of the collapse remains under investigation , initial reports point to an ISIS truck bomb exploding when coalition planes hit a target next door . `` The bodies are still being dug out of the rubble , '' Osgood says , `` several weeks later . ''
تغييرات إجرائية أم تغيير في قواعد الاشتباك؟ مهما كان الاسم، فقد خفّت الضوابط على الغارات الجوية في # الموصل # العراق https : //t.co/GFetJsfjom — Belkis Wille ( @ belkiswille ) March 29 , 2017
`` Before this large mass casualty incident , '' Osgood says , `` we were already getting reports of ISIS militants suddenly turning up , asking residents to smash holes in the walls of their homes so that they could move house to house without being detected . ''
Osgood , who has been reporting in Iraq since 2012 , is in touch with a network of underground informants in Mosul . They heard multiple reports before the March 17 strike that ISIS had been corralling people and confining them to buildings , then attempting to draw coalition fire by shooting at helicopters and other coalition aircraft overhead — `` not in the expectation that they would be able to shoot down aircraft , '' Osgood says , `` but to actively goad the Iraqi and coalition forces into targeting the house and killing those civilians . ''
Related : ‘ I saw everything burning ' : Iraqi survivors of a suspected US coalition airstrike speak
Scrocca says that keeping civilians safe is as important to the coalition as defeating ISIS .
`` We will postpone a strike , we will move a strike , we will look for different times to strike , we do not target civilians if we know they are there , '' the colonel says . `` We do not kill civilians if we know they 're there . What good is it to liberate a city if there 's nobody left to live in it ? ''
`` Where we came from , was no water or food , just fighting . Where we 're going , no future . '' # Mosul https : //t.co/eJrNgAT2jK by @ EdouardGuihaire — Paul Adrian Raymond ( @ Paul_A_Raymond ) March 24 , 2017
Iraqis living under ISIS control in these parts of Mosul are in a desperate position .
`` This is a beggared , weaponless civilian population absolutely living in extremis , '' Osgood says , `` and if they do n't do what ISIS tells them to do , then they will be shot . ''
A lack of food has also driven many residents to cooperate with ISIS , just to be able to feed their families . In some cases , ISIS has used the promise of food to lure hungry Iraqis to locations where the militants intend to use them as human shields .
Osgood says these Iraqis face `` a whole series of invidious choices '' in Mosul .
`` Whole families [ must ] decide whether to stay , to shelter in these basements , '' they say , `` or [ to ] take the risk at night — as many of them do — to run through the front line past ISIS snipers [ and ] hope that they wo n't be mistaken for ISIS fighters ... and try to make it out to the other side . ''
`` In doing so , '' Osgood says , `` they lose everything . So they only have bad choices , and I feel terrible for them . There 's no good option for them inside Mosul , and there are still perhaps 400,000 of them facing these choices every day as this conflict grinds on . ''
From Bulbapedia , the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia .
Lickitung ( Japanese : ベロリンガ Beroringa ) is a Normal-type Pokémon introduced in Generation I .
Starting in Generation IV , it evolves into Lickilicky when leveled up while knowing Rollout .
Biology
Lickitung is a bipedal Pokémon with a round body and a thick , powerful tail . It has soft , pink skin with curved yellow lines on its belly and yellow ring markings on its knees . It has a thumb-like claw on each hand , and a single large nail on each foot . There is a yellow spot on its palms and the soles of its feet . It has beady eyes and a long , prehensile tongue . The tongue is likely connected to its tail , which twitches when the tongue is pulled .
At over 6 ' 6 '' ( 2 m ) , Lickitung 's tongue is twice as long as its body . Sticky , smelly saliva coats its tongue , which causes a tingling sensation when touched and can cause rashes if not cleaned off . It is used for cleaning , capturing prey , and exploring its environment , though it is questionable if its saliva is clean in the first place . Lickitung remembers things by their texture and taste , although it apparently dislikes sour things . The tongue is both dexterous and powerful enough to lift people , as seen in the anime . Lickitung can be found in grassy plains and meadows .
In the anime
Major appearances
Lickitung debuted in Princess Versus Princess . Jessie caught it and used in the Queen of the Princess Festival contest against Misty . After defeating Ash 's Pikachu and Bulbasaur and Brock 's Vulpix , it lost to Misty 's Psyduck . Jessie accidentally traded their Lickitung for Benny 's Wobbuffet in Tricks Of The Trade .
Other
A Lickitung appeared in PK15 , where it used Lick on a Cubone 's face . In response , Cubone pulled on its tongue to the point where it touched the ground .
A Lickitung appeared in a flashback in A Seasoned Search ! , under the ownership of Mallow 's brother , Ulu . It made its physical debut in Sours for the Sweet ! . Ulu used it to help sort the sour Grepa Berries from the sweet ones for use in the Alola Bread Festival . It later left Alola on a ship alongside Ulu .
Minor appearances
A Lickitung appeared in The Ultimate Test .
A Lickitung appeared in Pikachu 's Vacation as one of the Pokémon seen at the Pokémon Theme Park .
Multiple Lickitung were among the Pokémon attempting to reach Shamouti Island in The Power of One , with some successfully crossing the ocean , and others remaining stranded .
A wild Lickitung appeared in Pikachu 's Rescue Adventure .
A Lickitung appeared in Carrying On ! as one of the sick Pokémon in Way Away Island 's Pokémon Center .
A Lickitung appeared in Beauty and the Breeder , under the ownership of a Pokémon Breeder participating in a Pokémon breeding competition .
A Lickitung appeared in Ring Masters as one of the Pokémon competing in Rikishii Town 's Sumo Conference .
A Lickitung appeared in Extreme Pokémon ! , under the ownership of a participant in the Extreme Pokémon Race .
A Coordinator 's Lickitung appeared in Deceit and Assist .
A Lickitung appeared in a flashback in If the Scarf Fits , Wear It ! . Angie was looking after it at their parents ' daycare , but it evolved into Lickilicky , something not allowed for daycares .
A Lickitung appeared in Kalos , Where Dreams and Adventures Begin ! .
A Lickitung appeared in Performing with Fiery Charm ! , under the ownership of a Pokémon Performer participating in the Dendemille Town Pokémon Showcase . It reappeared in A Performance Pop Quiz ! alongside its Trainer , where they participated in the Anistar City Showcase ; then again in Master Class is in Session ! , where it was used in the Master Class Showcase in Gloire City . It appeared once again in Performing a Pathway to the Future ! , where it was seen watching the same Master Class Pokémon Showcase .
A Lickitung appeared in a photo taken by Rotom in Alola , Kanto ! .
A Trainer 's Lickitung appeared in A Young Royal Flame Ignites ! .
Three Trainers ' Lickitung appeared in The Power of Us , with one appearing in a flashback .
A Trainer 's Lickitung appeared in Turning the Other Mask ! .
Pokédex entries
Episode Pokémon Source Entry EP052 Lickitung Ash 's Pokédex Lickitung , the Licking Pokémon . It uses a tongue that is more than twice the length of its body to battle , as well as to gather food . This concludes the entries from the original series .
Episode Pokémon Source Entry SM072 Lickitung Rotom Pokédex Lickitung , the Licking Pokémon . A Normal type . When Lickitung eats something new , it never forgets how that food tastes or smells . This concludes the entries from the Sun & Moon series .
In the manga
In the Pokémon Adventures manga
Main article : Kit
Lickitung debuted in Sigh for Psyduck as corpses used by Koga 's Gastly .
Lickitung physically debuted in Murkrow Row as one of the Pokémon seen in Gold 's house .
Later , in Hello , Lickitung , a quartet of Lickitung becomes attracted by the scent of Crystal 's newly evolved Bayleef .
A Lickitung appeared in The Last Battle XIII as one of the Pokémon sent to participate in the fight in Ilex Forest .
A Lickitung was seen briefly in A Vicious Cycle of Possibilities , under the ownership of a Biker whose gang attempted to ransack Three Island .
In Licking Lickitung , Diamond 's map was stolen by a Lickitung and they attempted to catch it , but instead , it evolved into a Lickilicky and provided them a challenge .
Multiple Lickilicky appeared in a flashback in Luring in a Lickilicky .
In Out-Odding Oddish , a Lickitung appeared in the Pokéathlon .
In the Pokémon Pocket Monsters manga
Giovanni sent out Lickitung to prevent anyone from winning the contest they hosted on TV in Seize the Dream of One Million Yen ! ! .
In the TCG
Other appearances
Lickitung is a Pokéfloat . As fighting moves to the left , Lickitung will extend its tongue which must be used as a stepping stone to continue .
A Lickitung will appear in Detective Pikachu .
Game data
Pokédex entries
Generation I Red Its tongue can be extended like a chameleon 's . It leaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies . Blue Yellow Its tongue spans almost 7 feet and moves more freely than its forelegs . Its licks can cause paralysis . Stadium Its tongue , twice its body 's length , moves around freely to catch prey . Its licks cause a tingling sensation . Generation II Gold Its tongue has well-developed nerves that run to the very tip , so it can be deftly manipulated . Silver Its long tongue , slathered with a thick gooey saliva , sticks to anything , so it is very useful . Crystal It has a tongue that is over 6 ' 6 '' long . It uses this long tongue to lick its body clean . Stadium 2 Its tongue has well-developed nerves that run to the very tip , so it can be deftly manipulated . Generation III Ruby Whenever Lickitung comes across something new , it will unfailingly give it a lick . It does so because it memorizes things by texture and by taste . It is somewhat put off by sour things . Sapphire Emerald Whenever it sees something unfamiliar , it always licks the object because it memorizes things by texture and taste . It is somewhat put off by sour things . FireRed Its tongue is twice the length of its body . It can be moved like an arm for grabbing food and attacking . LeafGreen Its tongue can be extended like a chameleon 's . It leaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies . Generation IV Diamond Instead of hands , it uses its tongue , which is twice its height . Its sticky saliva grips anything . Pearl Platinum When it extends its over-six-foot-long tongue , its tail quivers . There is a possibility they are connected . HeartGold Its tongue has well-developed nerves that run to the very tip , so it can be deftly manipulated . SoulSilver Its long tongue , slathered with a gooey saliva , sticks to anything , so it is very useful . Generation V Black When it extends its over-six-foot-long tongue , its tail quivers . There is a possibility they are connected . White Black 2 Being licked by its long , saliva-covered tongue leaves a tingling sensation . Extending its tongue retracts its tail . White 2 Generation VI X Its long tongue , slathered in a gooey saliva , sticks to anything , so it is very useful . Y Its tongue is twice the length of its body . It can be moved like an arm for grabbing food and attacking . Omega Ruby Whenever Lickitung comes across something new , it will unfailingly give it a lick . It does so because it memorizes things by texture and by taste . It is somewhat put off by sour things . Alpha Sapphire Generation VII Ultra Sun It checks out whatever 's around it by licking everything . If you do n't clean off a spot where it 's licked you , you 'll break out in a rash ! Ultra Moon It licks filth clean with its tongue . Whatever it licks always stinks afterward , so whether it 's really clean is ... questionable . Let 's Go Pikachu Its tongue spans almost seven feet and moves more freely than its forelegs . Its licks can cause paralysis . Let 's Go Eevee
Game locations
In side games
In events
Held items
Stats
Base stats
Stat Range At Lv . 50 At Lv . 100 HP : 90 150 - 197 290 - 384 Attack : 55 54 - 117 103 - 229 Defense : 75 72 - 139 139 - 273 Sp.Atk : 60 58 - 123 112 - 240 Sp.Def : 75 72 - 139 139 - 273 Speed : 30 31 - 90 58 - 174 Total : 385 Other Pokémon with this total Minimum stats are calculated with 0 EVs , IVs of 0 , and a hindering nature , if applicable .
Maximum stats are calculated with 252 EVs , IVs of 31 , and a helpful nature , if applicable .
This Pokémon 's Special base stat in Generation I was 60 .
Pokéathlon stats
Type effectiveness
Learnset
Generation VII Other generations : I - II - III - IV - V - VI Level Move Type Cat . Pwr . Acc . PP 01 1 Lick Ghost Physical 030 30 100 100 % 30 05 5 Wrap Normal Physical 015 15 090 90 % 20 10 10 Acid Poison Special 040 40 100 100 % 30 15 15 Stomp Normal Physical 065 65 100 100 % 20 20 20 Disable Normal Status 0000 — 100 100 % 20 25 25 Bind Normal Physical 015 15 085 85 % 20 30 30 Slam Normal Physical 080 80 075 75 % 20 35 35 Screech Normal Status 0000 — 085 85 % 40 40 40 Thrash Normal Physical 120 120 100 100 % 10 45 45 Power Whip Grass Physical 120 120 085 85 % 10 Bold indicates a move that gets STAB when used by Lickitung
indicates a move that gets when used by Lickitung Italic indicates a move that gets STAB only when used by an evolution of Lickitung
indicates a move that gets STAB only when used by an evolution of Lickitung Click on the generation numbers at the top to see level-up moves from other generations
Side game data
Evolution
Sprites
Trivia
In the Pokémon Red and Blue beta , Lickitung was originally known as `` Tonguetyd '' .
Its Red/Blue and LeafGreen Pokédex data compares Lickitung 's extensible tongue to that of a chameleon , a real-world lizard .
Lickitung was incorrectly referred to as a Fighting-type Pokémon in the Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen Prima game guide .
Lickitung 's name was misspelled `` Likitung '' in the Kanto Pokérap .
Lickitung was listed in the credits of the N64 game Paperboy under the heading Special Edition Thanks .
Origin
Lickitung may have been based on any number of lizards with extending tongues , particularly the blue-tongued skink or maybe even chameleons . It also shares traits with anteaters . Lickitung could also be an Iguanodon , as it shares its characteristic `` thumbs '' with it . In addition , Lickitung may be based on the Akaname , a mythical yōkai with a single claw on each foot and a gigantic tongue . Akaname are known to lick filth out of bathhouses , similar to Lickitung 's habit of licking dirty things clean .
Name origin
Lickitung is a combination of lick and a corruption of tongue .
Beroringa may be derived from べろ bero ( tongue ) , ベロベロ berobero ( onomatopoeia for licking ) , and possibly ring ( referring to the patterns on its body ) or a corruption of the English word lingua ( which refers to a tongue or an organ resembling a tongue ) . According to Pokémon Black and White 's television program PokéQuiz , `` Berori is the sound of licking in Japanese ! ''
In other languages
Language Title Meaning Japanese ベロリンガ Beroringa From べろ bero , ベロベロ berobero and ring or lingua French Excelangue From excess , langue and excellent ( in reference to the Japanese name ) Spanish Lickitung Same as English name German Schlurp From slurp Italian Lickitung Same as English name Korean 내루미 Nerumi Based on the sound 낼름낼름 naelrum-naelrum with the diminutive suffix 이 yi Cantonese Chinese 大舌頭 Daaihsihttàuh Literally `` Big tongue '' Mandarin Chinese 大舌頭 / 大舌头 Dàshétóu Literally `` Big tongue '' More languages Hindi लिकीटंग Lickitung Transcription of English name Russian Ликитанг Likitang Transcription of English name
See also
Notes
Bill Greene for Boston.com
Maybe the question should n't be whether or not the Boston Bruins can hold onto the second wild card spot in the NHL playoff picture , but if indeed the Tampa Bay Lightning can beat out the Montreal Canadiens for the No . 1 seed in the Eastern Conference .
After all , if the status quo remains into April , and the Bruins end up facing the Habs in the quarterfinal round , what was the point of all the consternation over making it to the postseason in the first place ?
Of course , Bruins fans could point to 2008 as a means of inspiration . That was the last time the Canadiens swept a season series from their rivals , who returned the favor later that spring by forcing the top-seeded Habs to a Game 7 in the opening round of the Stanley Cup playoffs . Boston still lost , but at least there's…well , that .
Advertisement
The more tangible reality dictates that the superiorly-talented Canadiens would smoke the Bruins .
This is precisely why the Bruins , and more directly , general manager Peter Chiarelli , sit in the mire of their current situation with no easy answers as the NHL trading deadline approaches on Monday . If this group is still to be considered a playoff team , then should Chiarelli have the freedom to add the pieces they deem fit for an improbable Cup run ? And if that 's the case , what level of return might we be talking about ?
Are the pipe dreams of landing either T.J. Oshie or Taylor Hall ( both linked to the Bruins in one way or another in recent months ) little more than laughable scenarios ? Will the Bruins simply , finally acquire Buffalo 's Chris Stewart so we can just all shut up about the immortal trade rumor of the season ? How soon would it take head coach Claude Julien 's head to explode if Chiarelli re-acquired old friend Jaromir Jagr , and they were forced to play them alongside Ryan Spooner ?
This is a big week for the Bruins . Despite a dazzling month of January , played in the wake of owner Charlie Jacobs ' veiled threats , the Bruins are just 2-6-2 in their last 10 games , not exactly the results the team 's hierarchy is looking for with a trip to the playoffs – along with Chiarelli 's and Julien 's jobs – in question .
Advertisement
That 's probably a stretch for Julien , what with a new contract extension in tow , but could be a possibility as far as the general manager is concerned , not for the product that they delivered ( or , as some might opine , failed to deliver ) this season , but for putting the Bruins in a salary cap situation that has them up against the wall at knifepoint . Chiarelli understands this , telling the Globe 's Fluto Shinzawa that they know their time in Boston could be nearing its end if the team does n't bounce back from what was a disastrous 1-2-2 road trip .
Buy Tickets
“ We 're having a down year , ” they said . “ It 's unfortunate that we 're under review for one year . But I understand . We 've got to make things better . ”
Sunday 's 6-2 surprise victory over the Chicago Blackhawks was a step . Tuesday 's loss to the Canucks also showed it might have been nothing more than an outlier .
Yet , despite a trip that saw the Bruins stumble in embarrassing fashion in outposts such as Vancouver , Calgary , St. Louis , and ( yuck ) Edmonton , where the Oilers are the Western Conference 's equivalent to losing to Buffalo , Boston lost all of a point in the standings to the Florida Panthers , who , as of Thursday , were only two points in back of the Bruins ' positioning , followed closely by the Philadelphia Flyers , only four points behind . The Bruins and Panthers also face each other three more times this season , but not until March 21 , almost a month from now .
Advertisement
Frankly , those games should be of no concern , not if this Bruins team had managed to play to its capability in the weeks leading up to next week 's National Canadian Holiday . But they still need scoring help , the player they needed since last July when Jarome Iginla smelled the green burning all the from Colorado . The fact that few has any faith in Chiarelli to be able to make those pivotal moves at the trading deadline is just as indicting as the long-term financial mess he 's shoehorned the team into . That 's a view exacerbated by David Krejci missing up to six weeks with a partially-torn MCL in their left knee , putting rival GMs in the sense that Chiarelli may be desperate to overpay for a return , not to mention keep their job .
Krejci has yet to be placed on long-term injured reserve , which would mean they would n't be eligible to return until the potential first round of the postseason . But such a move would also give the team flexibility when it came to the trade deadline . There 's no cap in the playoffs , so sidelining Krejci before then would essentially give the Bruins maneuverability in terms of the caliber of player Chiarelli could acquire for the remainder of the regular season . Krejci 's cap hit is $ 3.3 million .
On that note , team president Cam Neely hinted that the Bruins probably would n't be willing circumvent that particular rule though. ” You ca n't manipulate anything , ” they told The Sports Hub 's “ Felger and Mazz ” this week . “ It 's something that the teams know that the league has made comments on . You ca n't manipulate the cap . ”
Yet , there was NHL commissioner Gary Bettman , holding court at the TD Garden on Tuesday night , seemingly giving the Bruins the green light to take advantage of the situation .
“ We frown upon the use of loopholes , but I do n't think an injury was sustained in order to create a loophole , ” Bettman said . “ You can only ice a certain number of skaters , and the fact of the matter is , who 's to say how severely the injury will impact their play longer term , what kind of shape he 's been in ? ”
That 's also precisely why the Bruins are hesitant to place Krejci on long-term though , especially if they need them to make a playoff push during the final week of the regular season . But by acquiring enough vital pieces on Monday , they could also make those final few games afterthoughts in their postseason preparation .
But maybe the team 's reluctance to jump through salary cap hoops is n't so much about perturbing the league , but a refusal to add salary to a team that Chiarelli has already maxed out . Perhaps it 's a message to the beleaguered GM , a call to fix the mess , yet under the parameters he 's managed to create for himself .
Will the Bruins even allow center Antoine Vermette to get back on the Arizona charter when the Coyotes play here Saturday afternoon ? Or does Chiarelli have something potentially jaw-dropping under their sleeve , ready to unveil on Monday ? I 'd say re-acquiring Phil Kessel might do the trick . And then some .
Then again , does any of it really matter as much as what the Lightning is able to land next week ?
After all , what 's the point of shopping fervently for the feast when you 're only going to end up as the main course ?
This is Chiarelli 's last gasp with a dubious fan base waiting for the inevitable bit piece , even as the door has opened for the team to do something big .
Do n't hold your breath .
Flag of Chernarus Chernarus is a fictional post-Soviet country , accurately recreated from geographical data of real landscape between the Cities `` Ústí nad Labem '' and `` Podmokly '' ( Czech Republic ) . North-Eastern Chernarus is a hilly area with rocky coastlines ; the biggest hilltops reach over 700 m above sea level , covered by temperate forests . The environment is still relatively untouched from logging and mining . The biggest cities and industry are concentrated on the southern coast . There are mostly smaller villages inland , situated in deep valleys , hidden in forested ridges or on elevated plateaus with lush meadows . Contents 1 General Information
2 Country 2.1 History 2.2 People
3 Geography 3.1 Historical Sights 3.2 Military Zones 3.3 Nature 3.4 Industrial Areas 3.5 Inhabited Areas 3.6 Major cities 3.6.1 Chernogorsk 3.6.2 Electrozavodsk 3.6.3 Stary Sobor 3.6.4 Zelenogorsk 3.6.5 Solnichniy 3.6.6 Vybor 3.6.7 Gorka
4 Maps
5 External Links General Information Chernarus is based on actual real world data
Chernarus is 225 km 2 in size
in size Almost 100km 2 of Chernarus is covered by forest
of Chernarus is covered by forest Chernarus has 350 kilometers of roads
There are a total of 50 towns and villages across Chernarus
Chernarus has three airfields ( 1 big and 2 small )
1 million 3d objects
Hilly rural landscape with rocky coastline
Electrozavodsk
Stary Sobor
Zelenogorsk
Solnichniy
Vybor
Gorka
Berezino
Krasnostav Chernogorsk Chernogorsk is the biggest port and has the most growth of all cities in the region . With a giant factory complex adjoining the city center , remarkable town hall constructed 1955 and a famous hotel built on victory square . During the civil war the hotel served as a residence for separatist government . Nowadays , it is home to the largest tower in Chernarus and is the main tourist destination for visitors . Electrozavodsk A large industrial harbor with a coal-burning power plant is one of the most cosmopolitan places of northern provinces . Dozens of pubs , bars and joy houses add a flavor of a vibrant cultural center to this astounding display of the country´s industrial advancement . This city was hit hardest ( next to Chernogorsk ) by the aggressive industrialization projections by the government in the 70 's , most of it unfinished . Stary Sobor Not as big and important as it used to be , it´s still on of the most picturesque locations of northern province . It´s one of the oldest settlements in the region , situated amidst the pastures and medows surrounded by rolling hills . Chernarussians often like to tell jokes about the rivalry of its citizens and inhabitants of nearby Novy Sobor . Zelenogorsk Once a military outpost of Chernarussian Dukes , Zelenogorsk retains its military tradition as a base for the local CDF garrison . It´s set in a beatiful valley below the towering green mountain . It´s also well known as birthplace of Jefim Galkin , a famous Chernarussian writer and political activist . Solnichniy Also known as the `` Gate of Three valleys '' , Solnichniy offers more than a dirty factory and quarry . It used to be favorite destination on Pre-War times , featuring several pubs along the way to ruins of castle Rog ( Hom ) trough the three valleys nature reserve . Vybor A lively rural town midst of the meadows of the `` highland '' ( as locals call the area ) , it once profited from the presence of the largest air force bases in the country . It´s famous now for the spring festival of vodka , recently sponsored by the local Bardak & Sons distillery . Gorka Gorka is a scenic town located on the outskirts of the Black Forest . It is well known for it 's goat cheese and rural people . In the times of the Soviet Government , it was the capital of illegal distilling of alcohol and was the capital of the northern province . Maps Map of Chernarus ( terrain ) Map of Chernarus ( place names ) Map showing all of Chernarus Chernarus : South Zagoria 3 sized hi-res JPG images ( forums.bistudio.com )
ARTIST RESIDENCY : Roswell , New Mexico
IN THE HOURGLASS LIKE EGGS…IN THE HOURGLASS
The thought of a little more time with family at breakfast or dinner is a dream in my household . For now we are grouchy , non-speaking , egg-gulping , panic-stricken and running late during weekday mornings , but weekends are full of blue-berry pancakes and eggs benedict .
Are you looking for the gift of time ? Check out the 12-month residency opportunity in Roswell , New Mexico that offers space , time , and even a stipend ! Do n't miss it…
ARTIST RESIDENCY
OPPORTUNITY :
Roswell , New Mexico
Well known by artists as the “ Gift of Time ” , the Roswell Artist-in-Residence Program was established in 1967 to provide gifted studio based visual artists with the unique opportunity to concentrate on their work in a supportive , collegial environment for a whole year . This “ gift of time ” allows artists to work without distraction in an effort to break new ground and focus on individual goals .
The Roswell Artist-in-Residence Program serves as a contemporary counterpoint to the traditional arts of the Southwest , reinforces the Program 's interest in strengthening the vitality of art in New Mexico and has been a catalyst in broadening community understanding of contemporary art .
CURRENT DEADLINE : December 1 , 2010
MEDIA : In-residence grants are offered to artists involved in painting , drawing , sculpture , printmaking , photography , installation and other fine art media . Grants are not made in the disciplines of performance art or production crafts .
HOUSING & STUDIO FACILITIES : The studios are large , open spaces that measure approximately 20'x25'x10′ . These areas are well-lighted and convertible to the artist 's requirements within reason . The printmaking facility is a small , fully operational studio – basically lithographic/etching in nature .
Artists are housed in a complex of six houses and 10 studios located on forty acres of land . Each artist is provided with a house that can amply accommodate either a single person or a family . Rent , utilities ( except telephone ) , repairs and maintenance costs are borne by the Program . Houses are furnished with major furniture items , appliances and utensils . ( continued below )
STIPEND : A stipend , or living allowance , of $ 800 per month is offered along with $ 100 per month for every dependent living with the grantee . Currently , the cost of art materials is borne by the grantee .
For more information about the Roswell Artist-in-Residence Program , contact : Stephen Fleming , RAIR Program Director by phone : ( 575 ) 622 6037 or e-mail them at : stephen @ rair.org .
Thin privilege is not having your weight mocked by little kids because they 've been systematically brought up to think that being fat is bad .
I 've always wanted to be a teacher when I was older ( specifically to teach Women 's Studies ) so last week I volunteered as a student teacher for a kindergarten class . On my very first day , the kids looked at me and went quiet . One boy in particular decided to shout , “ LOOK , SHE 'S AS BIG AS A DINOSAUR ! ” and the rest of the class started laughing . I tried to ignore it at first , but for a while afterwards the kids kept chanting silly stuff such as , “ Open the door ! Get on the floor ! Do the dinosaur ! ” I could n't take it anymore and excused myself to the bathroom before the kids could see me crying .
It 's really sad to think that these kids , who are n't even old enough to understand how weight and body fat work , have been taught by society as such an early age that it 's okay to laugh and joke about fat people .
Polish archaeologists in on the Red Sea port
Archaeologists studied 2 thousand years old port infrastructure and a large animal cemetery in Berenice on the Red Sea in Egypt .
`` This time during excavations we got lucky . Undoubtedly , this year\ 's the most interesting find is a frame - wooden part of a ship hull from the early Roman period '' - told PAP Iwona Zych from the Centre of Mediterranean Archaeology , University of Warsaw , who leads the research project in cooperation with Prof. Steven E. Sidebotham of the University of Delaware in the United States .
This is the first fully preserved and documented frame from the hull of the ship from this period in Egypt . The find and the place of its discovery leads researchers to believe that the ship was dismantled and its parts stored in the warehouse in the port bay . Archaeologists will examine the object . Detailed measurements will allow for an approximate reconstruction of the size of the ship .
`` This will be the first time that we know the actual size and construction of a Red Sea vessel , because no ancient vessels , or even wrecks have survived to this day '' - said Zych .
North-east of the port , archaeologists discovered a large cemetery of small animals . Only this year they studied 60 burials , mostly of cats , but also a small number of dogs , two small vervets and a baboon . Most of the animals were buried either inside damaged clay vessels or covered with shards of clay pots and amphorae . An interesting fact is that one of the vervets had a metal collar .
Scientists are not sure why animals had been buried in this place . Archaeozoologist of the mission , Dr. Marta Osypińska , believes that such an accumulation of burials may be a result of a plague brought to the port from a remote destination . Another possibility is exploitation of young animals in magical rituals , during which the oracle was consulted before a long sea journey . Pet cemeteries are also known from the areas of the Roman Empire , and this beloved animals also can not be ruled out in the case of Berenice . Further research may help solve this puzzle .
After several seasons of work in Berenice , archaeologists finally managed to make a complete geophysical map of the site . By using the magnetic method , archaeologists can accurately identify the areas in which there are structures .
`` This year\ 's results are very promising . We have registered structures that are completely invisible on the surface . Among them is a building resembling a Tetrapylon ( gate with four entries ) at the intersection of two main streets and a large complex , probably with public/administration/cult purposes , in northern part of the city . We can expect the most important urban buildings in that area '' - believes Zych .
The results of this year\ 's geophysical surveys , which took place in January and February , will be used to plan the survey excavations in the next season in the area of the two structures . Archaeologists expect particularly interesting discoveries next year .
Berenice was founded in the 3rd century BC by Pharaoh Ptolemy II ( 285-246 BC ) . Initially , the port was used for handling shipments of African elephants . That ruler wanted to use these animals in battles against their enemies , Seleucid rulers who ruled the East . Having the access cut off to Indian elephants , which were used by their opponents , Ptolemy wanted to use elephants obtained from an independent source , from eastern Sudan , Eritrea and Ethiopia . Animals were shipped by vessels through the Red Sea and unloaded in the port of Berenice . Next , the animals were herded across the Eastern Desert to the Nile valley . Apart from elephants , vessels with goods from India , Ceylon and South Arabia entered the port . The city was a refuge and a place of temporary residence for sailors , traders and people from the remotest corners of the world .
PAP - Science and Scholarship in Poland
szz/ agt/ mrt/
tr . RL
A group in Beaumont demonstrated Thursday and asked for a federal investigation of Houston-based activist Quanell X .
The group plans to file a class action lawsuit . They claim Quanell X took thousands of dollars for legal help then failed to provide promised help with legal cases .
Quanell X speaks their mind . Often it 's for others who feel wronged . However , a circle of critics blames the activist for their suffering .
“ He was frauding me like they were frauding everyone else , ” one woman said .
Harold Roberts said they paid Quanell X for help with a legal case but got little in return .
“ When they finally returned my call , I said , 'Man , I need my money back , because you 're not going anything , ' '' Roberts said . “ He refused to give me my money back . They said , 'Mr . Roberts , I 'm busy right now . I 'll talk to you later . ' ”
Others with similar tales and contracts with QX Advisors , Inc. plan to file a class action lawsuit . In response , Quanell X sent us a statement :
“ We welcome any member of the human family to come to us for help , but please tell us the truth and the whole story , ” the statement said . “ Often people come to us for help saying it 's a race issue that caused the problem but when we investigate we find out race had nothing to do with it . Just because you retained my office to work for you that does n't mean we will lie for you . ”
Still , the Beaumont group feels cheated .
“ Something needs to be done about this , ” Roberts said . “ Enough is enough . That 's why decided to take a stand . ”
The group is hoping for a federal investigation .
Time to shift focus . ( Ariel Skelley/Getty Images )
College costs are a hot issue on the campaign trail this election year . Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders ' `` free college '' plans have drawn the most attention ( as well as critiques pointing out their limitations ) . But he 's hardly the only candidate talking about college costs . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has also put forward proposals to reduce student debt and make college more affordable . In an increasingly polarized election year , college affordability is a rare issue with bipartisan appeal : Before dropping out of the race , both former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio released detailed college affordability proposals , and Ohio Gov . John Kasich has touted their record controlling college costs in Ohio . Even Donald Trump has talked about the need to make college more affordable – although it 's hard to tell what their comments meant .
Proposals to help students and families pay for college are an election year perennial because they are politically popular . But candidates have been largely silent on child care costs , which are an even bigger challenge for many families . In two-thirds of states , full-time child care costs more than public university tuition . Yet while a variety of federal policies – including loan subsidies , Pell grants and tax incentives – help students and families finance higher education , there is far less assistance available to help families pay for child care .
Consider the Pell Grant program , which provides need-based grants to low-income college students . The federal government is spending $ 28.3 billion on Pell Grants in fiscal year 2016 , roughly five times the $ 5.7 billion it spends on child care subsidies . State matching , maintenance of effort and transfers from welfare funds bring the total annual state and federal spending on child care to more than $ 11 billion annually – still less than half of Pell Grant spending . Moreover , while the federal government guarantees Pell Grant funding for any student who meets eligibility criteria receives them , access to child care subsidies is contingent on state policies and funding levels . More than 20 states do not provide sufficient funding to serve all eligible children , and some have long waiting lists or have closed subsidy programs to new children .
Tax subsidies reflect similar disparities : College students or their parents can choose between two different tax credits – the American Opportunity Tax Credit and the Lifetime Learning Credit – to defray college costs . The more generous of the two , the American Opportunity Tax Credit , allows families with incomes of up to $ 180,000 a credit of up to $ 2,500 in tuition and fees for full-time undergraduate students . ( The Lifetime Learning Credit can be used for part-time and graduate studies . ) For low-income families , up to $ 1,000 of the credit is refundable ( meaning low-income families receive the benefit even if they have no tax liability ) . The Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit provides a credit worth up to $ 1,050 annually ( or 35 percent of the first $ 3,000 in qualifying child care expenses ) for one child , or twice that for more than one child . Besides being worth less than the American Opportunity Tax Credit , the child care credit is nonrefundable – meaning that low-income families do n't benefit .
And while student loan debt has been a big issue on the campaign trail this year , families struggling with child care costs have no access to the kind of subsidized loans available to help finance college . Nor to the 529 plans or other tax-subsidized savings vehicles that middle-class families use to save for college .
Citing the vast difference in support to help families pay for child care and college may seem like whining for another federal handout . While Americans have traditionally viewed funding higher education as a smart investment in helping people build their skills and enter a pathway to economic mobility – a `` hand up , not a hand out '' – child care assistance is still viewed largely as welfare for poor families . Yet this perception is out of step with recent research documenting the crucial importance of early learning and development to children 's long-term success . Funding for child care today can also help increase parents ' ( particularly mothers ' ) long-term economic potential and ability to support their children .
To be sure , people who choose to have children are ultimately responsible for providing those children 's care – and many families do so without any assistance . Others pay nothing for child care , because parents choose to stay home with children , have access to free care from friends and relatives or care for their children while working .
But you do n't have to be a raging socialist to recognize that the first years of children 's lives require particularly intensive investments of time and labor – by parents and other caregivers – both to meet children 's basic needs and foster their long-term potential . And given the realities of human reproduction , parents must often make these investments relatively early in their careers , before they achieve their full earning potential . ( Not to mention the fact that , unlike college students , very young children have no ability to contribute financially to their own care and education ! )
Given this , providing families paying for child care the same kind of intertemporal consumption smoothing mechanisms that federal aid offers students paying for college could help to optimize investment in children 's learning and improve overall social and economic well-being . How to do this is complicated , but it 's possible to imagine innovative strategies that would have appeal across the political spectrum . Adding a redistributive element could also help level the playing field for low-income children – who research shows are less likely to have early childhood experiences that support their learning and development , and as a result enter school already behind .
More broadly , our current allocation of funding between higher education and early childhood programs is simply out of whack with research on where human capital investment yields the greatest payoff . Increasing investments in college affordability , without comparable attention to supporting families with young children , will only exacerbate this misalignment .
The official website for Stand By Me Doraemon , the first 3D CG film starring the anime robot cat Dorae mon , began streaming a new teaser trailer on Saturday . The narrator states that this is , `` Dor aemon 's first — and final — story . '' Dorae mon tells Nobita , “ I ca n't stay here anymore. ” The tagline at the end of the video reads , “ To everyone who has experienced childhood . ”
The film will open in Japanese theaters on August 8 .
The manga creator duo Fujiko Fujio ( Hiroshi Fujimoto and Motoo Abiko ) created Doraemon in 1969 . In the story , the robotic cat was sent by a boy in the future to the present day to help the boy 's hapless grandfather , Nobita . Dor aemon , Nobita , and other children deal with everyday childhood issues , solve ( and cause ) problems with the gadgets in Dorae mon 's fourth-dimensional pocket , and embark on escapades through time and space .
Despite the recent court ruling that overturned a previous decision to block access to at least five Bitcoin websites , Russia 's supervision agency has blacklisted one of the country 's most popular Bitcoin-related websites .
On May 27 , Russia 's Federal Supervision Agency for Information Technologies and Communications ( Roskomnadzor ) effectively blocked access to one of Russia 's most popular Bitcoin news websites , BitNovosti.com . When attempting to access the domain within the country , users are instead met with the following message from the authorities :
“ This site has been blocked by order of the government of Russia . You can read more about Russia 's internet censorship law here . A list of sites currently censored by the Russian government can be found here and here . ”
BitNovosti posted the following announcement on their Vkontakte page ( Russia 's version of Facebook ) in response :
“ Roskomnadzor has blocked access to our site in Russia . Of course , we can go to court and spend a lot of time trying to prove that this was done illegally and then wait until government officials remove the site from their blacklist . But we will not do this , especially since the proposed law to ban information on cryptocurrency is expected to pass in the Duma soon . Thus , the blocking of ALL Bitcoin-resources is only a matter of time . ”
BitNovosti urges its readers to circumvent the block and access the site via Ultrasurf , which can be used as a standalone program or as a Chrome browser plug-in . They added :
“ Do n't allow the gatekeepers to sensor your flow of information ! The latest on cryptocurrency is available at BitNovosti . ”
When Russia 's internet censorship law was passed in 2012 , Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev , speaking at a meeting with ruling United Russia party leadership , voiced their support . `` The Internet must be free , ” they stated . “ Secondly , it should be regulated by a set of rules , which humankind has yet to work out , and it 's a very difficult process because we can not regulate everything , nor can we leave [ the Internet ] outside the legal realm . ''
However , in mid-May , a court in Yekaterinburg , Russia accepted the appeal from the websites that were blacklisted in January and dismissed the demands of the prosecutor 's office to leave the ban in place , a move that was interpreted by many as a green light for Bitcoin in Russia .
“ We achieved two very important things : the unblocking of informational sites and the reversal of the decision that information on cryptocurrencies is banned in Russia , ” the founder of Btcsec.com , Ivan Tikhonov , told Cointelegraph .
This appears to be a pipe dream , however , as yet another Bitcoin website has been shuttered , and other websites such as Btcsec.com and Bitcoin.it remains blocked despite the local court 's ruling .
Russian authorities seem determined to go ahead with their plans to pass a nationwide law against “ money surrogates ” such as bitcoin in August of this year . We will have to wait until then to find out the details of the law and to see whether online cryptocurrency resources in Russia will see the light of day .
Compared to other animals , we humans enter the world remarkably weak and helpless . We remain relatively weak for many years before we can truly operate on our own . This extended period of immaturity , lasting some twelve to eighteen years , serves a valuable function : it gives us a chance to focus on developing our brain — by far the most important weapon in the human arsenal . But this prolonged childhood comes with a price . During this time of weakness and dependence , we experience the need to idealize our parents . Our survival depends on their strength and reliability . To think of them as having their own frailties would fill us with unbearable anxiety . And so we inevitably see them as stronger , more capable , and more selfless than they are in reality . We come to view their actions through the lens of our needs , and so they become extensions of ourselves .
During this long period of immaturity , we often transfer these idealizations and distortions to teachers and friends , projecting onto them what we want and need to see . Our view of people becomes saturated with various emotions — worship , admiration , love , need , anger . Then inevitably , often in adolescence , we start to glimpse a less-than-noble side to many people , including our parents , and we can not help but feel upset at the disparity between what we had imagined and the reality . In our disappointment , we tend to exaggerate their negative qualities , much as we once had exaggerated the positive ones . If we had been forced earlier on in life to make it on our own we would have become more detached and realistic . But as it is , the many years of viewing people through the lens of our emotional needs turns into a habit that we can hardly control .
Let us call this the Naive Perspective . Although it is natural to have such a perspective because of the unique character of our childhood , it is also dangerous because it envelops us in childish illusions about people , distorting our view of them . We carry this perspective with us into the adult world . In the work environment the stakes are suddenly raised . People are no longer struggling for good grades or social approval , but for survival . Under such pressure , they reveal qualities of their character that they normally try to conceal . They manipulate , compete , and think of themselves first . We are blindsided by this behavior and our emotions are churned up even more than before , locking us into the Naive Perspective .
The Naive Perspective makes us feel sensitive and vulnerable . Looking inward as to how the words and actions of others implicate us in some way , we continually misread their intentions . We project our own feelings onto them . We have no real sense of what they are thinking or what motivates them . With colleagues in the work environment , we fail to see the source of their envy or the reason for their manipulations ; our attempts at influencing them are based on the assumptions that they want the same things as ourselves . With mentors and bosses , we project onto them our childhood fantasies , becoming unnecessarily adoring or fearful of authority figures and creating stormy and brittle relationships in the process . We think we understand people , but we are viewing them through a distorted lens . In this state , all of our empathic powers are rendered useless .
Social intelligence is nothing more than the process of discarding the Naive Perspective and approaching something more realistic . It involves focusing our attention outward instead of inward , honing the observational and empathic skills that we naturally possess . It means moving past our tendency to idealize and demonize people , and seeing and accepting them as they are . But before we can begin to acquire this intelligence we must first come to grips with the Naive Perspective itself .
Understand : you will continue to have problems in attaining social intelligence until you come to the realization that your view of people is dominated by the Naive Perspective . You can reach this awareness by reviewing your past , paying particular attention to any battles , mistakes , tensions , or disappointments on the social front . If you look at these events through the lens of the Naive Perspective , you will focus only on what other people have done to you . Instead , you must turn this around and begin with yourself — how you saw in other qualities they did not possess , or how you ignored signs of a dark side to their nature . In doing this , you will be able to clearly see the discrepancy between your illusions about who they are and the reality , and the role you played in creating this discrepancy . If you look closely enough , you can often perceive in your relationship with bosses or superiors reenactments of the childhood family dynamic — the idealizing or demonizing that has become habitual .
This new clarity about your perspective should be accompanied by an adjustment of your attitude . You must avoid the temptation to become cynical in your approach as an overreaction to your prior naivete . The most effective attitude to adopt is one of supreme acceptance . The world is full of people with different characters and temperaments . We all have a dark side , a tendency to manipulate , and aggressive desires . The most dangerous types are those who repress their desires or deny the existence of them , often acting them out in the most underhanded ways . Some people have dark qualities that are especially pronounced . You can not change such people at their core , but must merely avoid becoming their victim . You are an observer of the human comedy , and by being as tolerant as possible , you gain a much greater ability to understand people and to influence their behavior when necessary .
The chief executive of under-fire Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust has resigned after saying their position had become `` untenable '' .
Katrina Percy faced calls to step down after the mental health trust was heavily criticised over the deaths of hundreds of patients between 2011 and 2015 .
An NHS-commissioned report found that the trust 's investigations into the deaths were of a `` poor quality '' and suffered from a `` lack of leadership , focus and sufficient time spent '' .
In a statement Ms Percy said they would be staying on at Southern Health as a strategic advisor , a role with the same pay and benefits of around £240,000 a year .
Ms Percy said : `` I know , and understand , that many will say I should have stepped down sooner given the very public concerns which have been raised in the past months .
`` I stayed on as I firmly believed it was my responsibility to oversee the necessary improvements and to continue the ground-breaking work we have begun with GPs to transform care for our patients . ''
They added that they were `` delighted '' to be taking on their role as an advisor .
Image : Connor Sparrowhawk , 18 , died while in the care of Southern Health
In June Southern Health admitted that it `` caused '' the death of 18-year-old Connor Sparrowhawk , who drowned after an epileptic seizure at Slade House in Headington , Oxfordshire , in July 2013 .
The admission came after inspectors concluded that the trust was failing to protect patients from risk of harm .
In April , Care Quality Commission inspectors found that robust arrangements to probe incidents , including deaths , had not been put in place , resulting in `` missed opportunities '' to prevent similar events .
Liberal Democrat health spokesperson Norman Lamb MP said that during Ms Percy 's tenure `` patients and families were fatally let down by a rotten culture '' .
They added : `` The unexplained deaths of more than a thousand vulnerable people with learning disabilities , autism and other mental health conditions were not properly investigated .
`` There was a failure to learn lessons despite repeated warnings and this recklessness ultimately cost lives . ''
Southern Health , which provides services to 45,000 people , has appointed its director of nursing and quality , Julie Dawes , as interim chief executive .
Story highlights Parents reunited with twin babies sold by trafficking ring
Baby girls are 'healthy and well ' , father says
The children were allegedly taken and sold by a maternity doctor
Authorities are investigating scores of other cases
Twin newborn girls allegedly stolen by a maternity doctor in a baby trafficking scandal in northwest China were returned to their parents over the weekend .
Surrounded by reporters and photographers , police handed the two infants back to their parents at Fuping County Hospital in Shaanxi province late on Saturday . The twins ' father , Qi Kunfeng , presented a banner to thank police for recovering the babies , while their mother , Wang Yanyan , wept .
`` They 're all healthy and well . I just hope we can live happily together as a family ever after , '' Qi told CNN by telephone on Monday .
`` It 's a big surprise for my wife . They ca n't eat and sleep well because of over excitement . ''
The twins were allegedly separated and sold to two families by a doctor named Zhang Shuxia , the deputy director of the maternity department in the Maternal and Child Health Care Hospital in Fuping County .
Mother Wang Yanyan did not see the twins after their birth
Zhang had told the parents that the twins had serious health issues and persuaded them to give them up after their birth on May 29 .
`` The doctor was pretending to be very anxious , telling me that my babies have congenital problems . They said the twins would be brain damaged or paralyzed , '' said the mother .
They never saw their children after the birth : `` I insisted on seeing the babies , but they would n't let me , '' said Wang .
The new parents trusted Zhang : `` I never suspected that they were selling my babies , because they were a family friend , '' they said .
The twins ' father told CNN that the loss of the children had a profound impact on the couple .
JUST WATCHED Doctor accused of taking , selling babies Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Doctor accused of taking , selling babies 02:07
`` Every night for two months my wife would cry , and they could n't eat from worry . ''
Of Zhang , their former friend , they said : `` I think they are evil . They are a terrible person . ''
`` We trusted them so much . How could they be so cruel to sell our babies ? ''
Since news of the scandal broke last week , police have received reports of 55 similar cases from local residents , including 26 cases pointing to Zhang , the China Daily reported .
Zhang has been detained along with eight other suspects on suspicion of trafficking .
Three babies have been rescued , including the twins . A baby boy was reunited with their parents last week after allegedly being sold by the same obstetrician to traffickers .
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said on Monday they would sign a proposed rule on Tuesday to begin withdrawing from the Clean Power Plan , former President Barack Obama 's centerpiece regulation to fight climate change .
Scott Pruitt , Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , answers a question during the Concordia Summit in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , September 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jeenah Moon - RC1A105CB430
“ Here 's the president 's message : The war on coal is over , ” EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt told a gathering in the Kentucky coal-country town of Hazard .
Green groups criticized Monday 's announcement and praised the plan , a collection of emissions standards for U.S. states that the Obama administration imposed to reduce pollution from power plants — the largest emitters of greenhouse gases — by 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030 .
“ No matter who is in the White House , the EPA is legally required to limit dangerous carbon pollution , and the Clean Power Plan is an achievable , affordable way to do that , ” said Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune .
But trade organizations like the National Association of Manufacturers , which participated in a legal challenge to the plan , praised it .
“ This regulation was broader than what the law allows , ” said NAM Vice President Ross Eisenberg . “ At the same time , we recognize the need for a policy to address greenhouse gas emissions . ”
The effort to undo the plan is part of a broader target of the administration of President Donald Trump to revive the coal industry and boost domestic fossil fuels production . The EPA now says the Clean Power Plan introduced by Obama in 2015 was illegal .
Pruitt said the Obama-era plan gave the government too much influence in the competition to generate power in the United States .
Jim Matheson , chief executive of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association , an electric utility group , agreed . They said ending the plan would take pressure off some cash-strapped utilities that still relied on coal-fired power plants . But they said market forces were already moving utilities away from coal .
Total power generation by coal among the NRECA 's members fell from 71 percent in 2014 to 62 percent in 2016 , Matheson said .
The EPA has not decided whether it will replace the Clean Power Plan , according to a draft of the proposal seen by Reuters on Friday , or whether or when it will propose a new rule to regulate emissions from existing power plants . But the agency said it would soon solicit information on a potential replacement .
With free agency more or less in the books and all arbitration cases having been decided , the projected payrolls for Major League Baseball teams are becoming more clear . A few moves could occur before the start of the season — maybe some contract extensions , maybe some trades — but given the information we have , we can come pretty close to projecting Opening Day payrolls for all 30 teams .
Overall , spending has increased moderately since last season . A year ago , the average Opening Day payroll was right around $ 128 million , which itself represented a very small increase over 2015 despite big spending in free agency . This year , the average payroll is up to $ 133 million , a 4 % increase despite uncertainty with the new Collective Bargaining Agreement and a weak free-agent class .
In what follows , I 'll consider the league 's payrolls in a few different ways . Salary information has been collected from Cot 's Contracts , while the equivalent of the MLB-minimum salary has been attached to open roster spots , bringing each team to 25 players . Money for players not on a club 's roster roster — as in the case of the Reds , for example , who are paying $ 13 million for Brandon Phillips to play in the Atlanta suburbs — is included in the payroll for the team actually paying the money .
To nobody 's surprise , the Los Angeles Dodgers have the highest payroll in baseball .
The Dodgers come in at around $ 235 million , which is roughly $ 40 million clear of the second-place Detroit Tigers . Even after accounting for the competitive-balance tax , it appears as though the Dodgers are still looking at a reduction of more than $ 30 million from last season . Even if they need to cut payroll more , the result should hardly be debilitating for the health of the team .
The tax amount for this season is $ 195 million . When you account for the $ 15 million or so that gets added for benefits and the rest of the 40-man roster , it would appear that the Tigers and Yankees will pay between $ 5 million and $ 10 million , the Giants will be right on the borderline , and the Red Sox might actually be under , as Allen Craig and Rusney Castillo do n't count for tax purposes .
All the way at the other end , we see Tampa Bay , still scraping toward contention with a very small payroll and hoping for a new stadium and television deal in the not-so-distant future . In the middle of a rebuilding phase , Milwaukee has cut their payroll almost in half from a few years ago when they were contending . The San Diego Padres , meanwhile , have transitioned in recent years from faux-contender to a rebuild ; more than half of their payroll is reserved for players on other clubs .
Mirroring trends on the player-specific level , we see here a shrinking middle class . In theory , to identify the middle-third of clubs in terms of payroll , we could take the average of $ 133 million , go up one-sixth to $ 155 million and down one-sixth to $ 111 million . We 'd expect to find 10 teams in that range — maybe more if the “ middle class ” of clubs were particularly strong . We do n't see that , though , as just eight teams appear in the “ middle ” by that methodology . There 's a clear upper-middle class : 11 teams feature payrolls above the Texas Rangers ' level of $ 158 million . Another 11 teams have payrolls at or below the Houston Astros ' $ 109 million figure , with nine franchises sitting under $ 100 million . This could pose some problems , as the relationship between money and wins last season was on the rise .
Spending in any one particular season is n't always meaningful ; a single team 's payroll often fluctuates depending on how close the relevant club is to winning . For example , the Cubs and Astros had fairly low payrolls as they rebuilt . Now , the Cubs already appear near the top of the league , while the Astros presumably have room to continue growing their payroll . The last four years wo n't fully capture spending power , but examining them does show what teams have spent to win . Below is the average Opening Day payroll for all teams from 2014 through this season .
Generally speaking , this graph looks a lot like the 2017 one . The teams are in roughly the same spots , although there is n't the same type of tiering we see this year . Adding four years tends to smooth things out a little bit . When we compare this season to the four-year average , the biggest gainer is the Miami Marlins , who still sport a below-average payroll — just not as embarrassingly low as it used to be . The New York Mets are second . After ownership debt issues kept payroll down for some time , the team is edging up , although still not commensurate with the market from which they benefit . The asupervisorstioned Cubs and Astros have increased spending by around $ 40 million , as have the Baltimore Orioles , perhaps reaping the benefits of a favorable television deal with the Nationals .
At the other end of the spectrum , the rebuilding Brewers , Phillies , and Padres have seen the biggest drops , at $ 25 million or more . The fourth-biggest drop in payroll from 2014 to -16 compared to this year belongs to the New York Yankees . As other teams have spent more money , the Yankees ' spending power continues to wane . Even just three seasons ago , the Yankees ' $ 197 million payroll represented 5.7 % of MLB payroll , while their $ 195 million payroll this season is “ only ” 4.9 % . That 's a 14 % drop in spending power in just three years — and half of what it was in the early 2000s .
Comparing only last season to this one , we can see which teams have changed the financial picture of their roster the most in 12 months .
The Marlins started last season with a payroll under $ 75 million . Raises for Giancarlo Stanton and Dee Gordon added $ 10 million ; signing Junichi Tazawa , Edinson Volquez , and Brad Ziegler added another $ 20 million ; and retaining Martin Prado and a handful of other arbitration raises meant a more than $ 40 million increase over payroll from a year ago . The Atlanta Braves added a trio of pitchers in Bartolo Colon , R.A. Dickey , and Jaime Garcia ; plus the trade for Matt Kemp explains the Braves ' increase . Cleveland used part of the bounty for making the World Series by reinvesting in the team . The Padres and White Sox gave up on contention for the time being , while the Yankees saw Mark Teixeira retire and moved most of Brian McCann 's contract to the Astros .
Hello miners and users !
We 're thrilled to announce a start date to the community :
November 12 , 2017 – 7:00 PM ( 19:00 UTC )
At this point , we will provide the Bitcoin Gold full node client download on our website . The BTG blockchain will officially be live , with blocks mined openly by users and pools from all around the world .
Wallets and exchanges will be able to process deposits , withdrawals and trades ( as soon as they are ready ) . This is the culmination of months of hard work , which have led to many changes and improvements , including :
We are extremely grateful for the community around the world who have been contributing hash power to our testnets ; besides patiently testing their own mining process , they allow exchanges , pools , wallet developers , and all other service operators to implement and test their support of BTG so that the Bitcoin Gold community can have a full suite of services at launch time . Thank you to all those who have donated their hash power to this effort ! We 'd also like to extend our gratitude to all those service providers who have been working so hard with us to prepare a fully functional ecosystem at launch .
The results are living proof that a friendly fork can lead to healthy , organic growth of a new crypto community .
The team is now redoubling efforts in the following areas :
Improving our documentation so that accurate , up-to-date info is easily accessible for mining
Assisting providers of services ( exchanges , wallets ) to integrate BTG – Full technical info
Assisting press and social media communities with access to information and services coming soon ( official wallet and mining guide , official community forum , etc . )
We know that many of you share our happiness and joy as we mark this exciting moment .
# 1CPU1VOTE
With best wishes .
Bitcoin Gold Community
The interactive homebrew encryption challenge
( UPDATE : THE ENCRYPTION REMAINS UNBROKEN ! I 'm still waiting for the first hacker to figure out the algorithm and complete the challenge . )
There is a wide consensus among security experts that when choosing an encryption algorithm , it 's much better to choose a well-known public algorithm rather than a homebrew one . I completely agree with this approach .
However , I am curious about how easy it is to break a weak , homebrew encryption algorithm . When you 're faced with a seemingly-random piece of data , a bunch of ones and zeros that you have absolutely no context for , and you are only told that it is encrypted with no clue as to how the encryption algorithm works , how would you even know where to start at decrypting it ?
To shed some light on this mystery , I 've decided to do a little experiment here on my blog .
I 'm challenging you to break a homebrew encryption algorithm that I 've written .
Clarifications :
You will be given a ciphertext , and you 'll need to find the plaintext that was encrypted .
The algorithm will of course not be revealed to you . That 's the point of the contest . The plaintext itself is just a bunch of arbitrary text , serving as proof that you figured out the algorithm .
You are given an interface in which you can submit any plaintext that you desire , and see its encrypted version .
I 've written this algorithm for the purpose of this contest . I have no training in cryptography . I do not condone the usage of homebrew algorithms for encryption .
The winner is the first person to tell me what the plaintext of the ciphertext below is , either via email or in the comments .
A modest award of $ 50 will be given to whomever is the first to solve the challenge . Fine print : I maintain sole discretion to decide who is the legitimate winner , if any , and how to transfer the money . ( Probably PayPal . )
will be given to whomever is the first to solve the challenge . Fine print : I maintain sole discretion to decide who is the legitimate winner , if any , and how to transfer the money . ( Probably PayPal . ) The winner , if any , will be announced here on the blog . I 'm hoping the winner will produce a write-up of how they cracked the encryption .
Here is the link to the encryption interface again .
Without further ado , the ciphertext :
7F1CA699D902CD5EB179E3674958DB0836A7EFC7031075F559 385F61C1C70EBF9F1E3A1EDD784541423D5C1F06B6A7CB4AD7 B6E52567F26095511EEEBE6AB241BE683B0F7A4D000EE7AF51 914B73028EBFA20CA64F539B399456FD71B71456F62A7D5D5C D4FB2D41F0C8B800B028330CDA79EB3A1136D267C97EA55278 63AA057E72D10F5BD374B1D280C741A1E5A0C58847FAE73F11 E64A0530322B095803ABEAA9395E7334B78F828A5804A48B50 73F726C038B338CAAE09FF3843A65110204F9F2848E1860567 2CB001A07A8DEC74FF8C4F12C5675FC5F6A9A6A253E996DF40 DF23E7936B0508DB9570F45FD9ECB4F7E288BFBCCFD56453E0 8B3F78C190CF9DCC91431031B21CA6F04B3E594244D8B375AF F4C6E6A98689CE42EC3CAA92092A8509653E842B2BA68C4775 9FD01B85004568F41E1D3B68DBBD94DF0EE2CFF0DD35D527FB E6BE2C14064CAD72EEADF41769E84A64C39A915E4156EA9F20 B213D6C85BD713F48614000E484FB3410BBC8BECD509F0F51D E5E644D4B1A61C8AA851228046EDF0ABD9A68B593E5555FF2D 348C5B54977B8293F2C9EA40D351D69F862496A664B589E6EC 995733248C4EEDFE94B34521F5D20D5C8A083209128B3CD015 82EDAC1FC7CF3FC5A5BA5FF03EBD94A754AD71255F06E84302 06E10BB32EF7DF17DCDA1AA58D315797AC25F6B1E666D6198F 15A257A3094565860448D2E2657F360F3AECBA2AC93EE74762 6A8391FBA928C23261B83AB46043551F4C45CE4B334D79E7F7 AC8CC6C71A0496D425282BDBDC4BE188A89ADC72B610553741 2E458894C661D5BE88749A56E2796B585B8B1C50249A1862FA 4F823B56597BDB1B7325A6B3FD753AB5075656F1E6F34C51BF 16AEF334BFF1C92707114111D72273CE745337D64C5A9D37BD 48E3A4F1360CD023E0665B5B727F42EED30929F51DA5E56883 EDCB6B9F753D7694A0DC232AFF917A3F558E4A06A4303A5A78 599AA6F797800E1BD6C83A0C46F611B21F3DA97914F07A0013 993225AE350B61EF0321EBD141DC25D56C46F7628D92411A89 33AA4E650FBA3011FACA44C20CF9B8D2C3C4D2308B97B928C8 53E9A5398663D8DB12980BC15D536F00BFE8EA53920F8467AE 8962D1D52271F300D3C4E87EFFECBFAAE0CAC64D1B7FEDCF80 9DFF89E85FB0E326442B3BB2332C8A91C300E07A188A83DE1A 1B4B077B6787FBED987B8D0C12A1A2F868A8C84D6570CAE519 F60429E2AD6BEC6ADF39B8C390804B7D5B4CACE48851E694C3 F798FE34286A9E7DD5BF65EBCE3CC28287770A96FA356C37F7 02FCEFE617E7AB088B7E9A27445EAAC77C32D1E8C684DACCDA 386AD6C3CFFE148C98320910433C98BAFD3218A0F74CF0537B AE6D9A36E434116B8B087930F2B42A11575C587163D2944D1C BE4C61DD3691417D8A07C3CB51EC2126AABB1B97F78AFCA96B 3C76
Let the hacking begin !
Ram Rachum I 'm a software developer based in Israel , specializing in the Python programming language . I write about technology , programming , startups , Python , and any other thoughts that come to my mind . I 'm sometimes available for freelance work in Python and Django . My expertise is in developing a product from scratch .
Newer post · Older post
Late notice on both of these . This past Friday began the 2nd Gorefest for March , a makeup event from February . This runs through this evening ( only 4 hours left ) and returns double CF rewards for all members of the Grand Master 's Royal Guard . Something of note , the CF rewards are all being doubled automatically through the website this round . There will be no follow-on CF awards like in the past . Since this is different than in the past I wanted to make sure people were aware .
The automated CF doubling system also works a bit different from how we 've awarded CFs in the past for games with CF caps . It doubles the reward from the activity ( so if I killed 15 CF worth of demons in Diablo 3 , it puts 30 CFs in the que ) and awards those CFs in the que throughout the week based on the cap . Something to be aware of .
Lastly , Star Wars Galactic Defense started its 4th event in 4 weeks , Covert Conflict . The Event Champion ( Dark Side ) being awarded this round is Zam Wesell , with a special high explosives attack that detonates after a short delay . For the Republic types Gregar Typho is available through recruitment pods , they can call in a N-1 starfighter air strike as their special move .
I will be writing up the Competition request for this Event just like previous ones just after this News Post goes live .
Also related to Galactic Defense . I recently found this wiki which provides lists of all Champions and their max stats . In general it seems that the Event Champions stats are superior to all others , when at the same level . Its worth a look if you 're into this game at all .
LGBT people in Brazil represent 8.35 % of the Brazilians , or approximately 20,000,000 LGBT citizens . [ 1 ]
A 2009 survey [ 2 ] conducted by University of São Paulo revealed 7.8 % of Brazilian males identified as gay and 2.6 % identified as bisexual , for a total of 10.4 % of the male population . Lesbians comprised 4.9 % of the population and bisexual women comprised 1.4 % , for a total of 6.3 % of the female population .
The city of Rio de Janeiro has the highest percentage of non-heterosexual males , with 19.3 % of its population being gay or bisexual men . The largest percentage of LGBT female population is located in the city of Manaus , 10.2 % of whose women identify as lesbian or bisexual . The city of São Paulo , the largest Brazilian city , has the largest LGBT population . [ 2 ]
The sex composition of the LGBT population is distributed as follows : 64 % male and 36 % female . The composition of declared sexual orientation of the study population is distributed as follows : 54 % said were gay , 28 % said were lesbian , 17 % said were bisexual , 1 % did not fit in any of the above . The education of the LGBT population is distributed as follows : 57 % have higher degree ( university or college ) complete , 40 % have high school ( school ) complete . The composition of housing condition of the LGBT population is distributed as follows : 52 % live with parents or relatives , 22 % live with partners , 20 % live alone , 6 % live with friends . [ 3 ]
In 2010 , a survey conducted by Ministry of Health of Brazil revealed that the Brazilian gay population has more money than heterosexual population . The homosexuals were : A and B classes , 26.9 % , C class , 49.9 % , D and E classes , 23.2 % . The heterosexuals were : A and B classes , 18.2 % , C class , 47.8 % , D and E classes 34 % . [ 4 ]
In 2007 , a survey conducted by Insearch revealed that gays of Brazil spend 40 % more on items related to leisure than heterosexuals . 84 % traveled to Brazil four times over the past 12 months and 36 % went abroad in the last three years . The Brazilian gays also read more , 88 % read newspapers , and 94 % read magazines . 73 % have a habit of go to the movies three times a month on average , 46 % go to the theater once a month and 57 % buy eight books a year . Surpassing the national average . [ 5 ]
Approximately 80 % of Brazilian LGBTs reside in large cities , 50 % came from interior . [ 6 ] The large cities of Brazil , known as gay-friendly , often contain a number of gay-oriented establishments , such as gay bars and pubs , gay nightclubs , gay bathhouses and gay restaurants . The most famous gay village of São Paulo is the Frei Caneca Street and in Rio is the Farme de Amoedo Street . [ 7 ]
By proportion [ edit ]
Selected cities to the research :
By couples [ edit ]
Same-sex relationships in the same home by Brazilian regions , according to the 2010 IBGE Census : [ 8 ]
Rank Region Same-sex
Couples
Same-sex Couples rank 1 Southeast 32,202 1 2 Northeast 12,196 2 3 South 8,000 3 4 Central-West 4,141 4 5 North 3,429 5
By GDP per capita [ edit ]
Same-sex couples had more GDP per capita ( annual ) than Opposite-sex couples , according to the 2010 IBGE Census : [ 9 ]
GDP per capita ( annual ) Opposite-sex Couples Same-sex Couples < R $ 3,270 ( miserable ) 9.2 % 3.4 % R $ 3,270 < R $ 6,540 ( poor ) 18.72 % 15.6 % R $ 6,540 < R $ 13,080 ( relatively poor ) 10.56 % 25.14 % R $ 13,080 < R $ 32,700 ( lower middle class ) 10.56 % 20.5 % R $ 32,700 < R $ 65,400 ( middle class ) 3.41 % 9.55 % R $ 65,400 < R $ 130,800 ( upper middle class ) 1.05 % 3.77 % > R $ 130,800 ( rich ) 0.34 % 1.4 %
Technology [ edit ]
Homosexuals and heterosexuals by technology access : [ 10 ]
See also [ edit ]
Among the multiple reasons that so may of us watch sports , towards the top of the list is seeing players perform great athletic feats and witness well-executed plays . However , sports can also demonstrate examples of what not to do , by providing us with teachable moments , or just flat-out funny ones .
Wyoming punter Tim Zaleski provided a moment that could either be a cautionary tale or a point of frequent ridicule from teammates and coaches during the Cowboys ' season opener at Iowa . Late in the second quarter , with Wyoming down 7-3 , the true first-year student just needed to boot the ball down field , push the Hawkeyes down into their half , and essentially get to half time .
Instead , Zaleski completely whiffed on their kick , and I mean WHIFFED . Like it was n't even close ; it was so bad . It literally looked like someone who tried punting for the first time in gym class . They bobbled the ball as they went to kick , missed the ball COMPLETELY , and it fell to the turf . The ball was quickly recovered by Iowa 's Devonte Young . Please have a look at the play if you have n't seen it already :
We could cut the kid some slack because this was their first colligate game . It was on the road in one of the biggest , loudest B1G stadiums ever . There was a good amount of Iowa players running at them that probably distracted him . BUT that is no excuse and we here at the SU wo n't cut this kid a break at all . I mean this was one of the worst plays I have ever seen . Come on kid , you have one job : to drop a ball on your foot and kick it… . Our big Moutain West fan Ben Shumate , who could n't get to a TV , was devastated when we broke them the news as you can see below . ( He said some more choice words on a pretty long rant as well ) I can just picture them saying “ My god ” and I crack up :
Zaleski 's swing-and-miss was primarily costly for Wyoming . Given excellent field position with the terrible punt , Iowa took the gift and scored a TD two plays later on a 27-yard pass from Nate Stanley to Noah Fant . Rather than going into halftime behind 7-3 in a Big Ten stadium , Wyoming went into the locker room with a 14-3 deficit . If they would n't have just toasted that punt and gave the Hawkeyes good field position it , may have been a different game . Iowa would n't have scored to stretch their lead and gain momentum going into the break . The Cowboys would n't have had their hopes crushed after that play either . Major game changer with that punt . Let 's hope this was a one time deal with Zaleski and that it wo n't happen again .
New Haven sophomore tight end Mike Flacco hopes to join their older brother , Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco , in the NFL next season .
Flacco is declaring early for the NFL draft , according to a source , after being selected as a third-team Division II All-American in their first season at New Haven .
It marked the first time Flacco had played football since they were in high school . They finished the season with 30 catches for 591 yards and nine touchdowns in 10 games .
Mike Flacco , 26 , will be represented by veteran agent Joe Linta , who negotiated a $ 120.6 million contract for Joe Flacco last March .
The 6-foot-5 , 245-pound tight end ended their baseball career last April and was placed on the voluntarily retired list by the Boston Red Sox after the Orioles traded them last March . In 2009 , they were a 31st-round draft selection by the Orioles , out of the Community College of Baltimore County-Catonsville .
They finished their minor league baseball career in 2012 , primarily playing at Single-A Frederick , with four games for Double-A Bowie . They batted .214 , with eight home runs , 15 doubles , one triple , seven stolen bases , 31 walks and 62 strikeouts .
Mike Flacco impressed New Haven coach Pete Rossomando during a workout last summer upon joining the team .
`` He 's a very smooth athlete who caught the ball very , very well , '' Rossomando told The Baltimore Sun last July . `` He has n't played football in a long time . He 's very raw , but has great athletic ability . They have n't blocked anybody , so it will be interesting to see how they develop as a blocker .
`` He 's got to play for the University of New Haven or they wo n't play for the NFL . He 's got some work to do , but he 's a great guy who 's willing to put in the work . He 's a very humble guy , similar to Joe in that respect . With their ability , they can be knocking on the door rather quickly . ''
awilson @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/RavensInsider
President Obama was born in Hawaii on Aug. 4 , 1961 . A scanned image of their birth certificate released during the 2008 presidential campaign says they are , and Hawaii 's health director and its registrar of vital statistics have confirmed it .
Despite all that , a substantial number of Americans are not convinced . In a recent New York Times/CBS News poll , 58 percent said Mr. Obama was born in the United States . That leaves a significant minority who said they thought they were born in another country ( 20 percent ) or said they did not know ( 23 percent ) . ( Question No . 50 in the poll . )
The issue continues to hold sway in some parts of the country , fueled in some cases by the Internet or by television talk shows . In follow-up interviews , some poll respondents were generally vague in explaining how they developed their doubts about Mr. Obama 's birth . The Constitution states that presidents must be natural born citizens , which respondents were informed of in the question posed to them .
Adding to the notion that those doubts still resonate , the Arizona House of Representatives on Monday approved an amendment that would require the president — or any candidate seeking the presidency — to produce an actual birth certificate to get on the ballot . So far , it 's a one-house bill .
Similar legislation promoted by fringe groups known as the “ birthers ” — who question the legitimacy of Mr. Obama 's presidency — have been proposed in a few other states . But many lawmakers and legal experts dismiss the need for such measures since federal candidates already have to meet citizenship requirements .
Last weekend , at a rally in South Carolina , Tom Tancredo , a former member of congress from Colorado and a 2008 Republican presidential candidate , raised the issue anew , asking about Mr. Obama : “ If their wife says Kenya is their homeland , why do n't we just send them back ? ” ( Mr. Obama 's father was from Kenya . )
Indeed , the belief that the president was born in another country peaks among their detractors – those who disapprove of the job he 's doing as president and have an unfavorable view of him . That includes 32 percent of Republicans and 40 percent of those who describe themselves as very conservative , according to the poll .
Less educated Americans and senior citizens are also more likely to think so than younger or better educated respondents .
The poll did not include any follow-up questions on the issue , so The Times called back some of the respondents to find out why they do not believe the president was born in the United States , where they think they were born instead and where they get their information .
Several respondents said they thought they were born in Africa ( some specifically said Kenya ) , while others mentioned Iran , Malaysia , Indonesia ( where Mr. Obama spent time as a child with their mother ) , or said they did n't know . Sources of information included the Internet , TV , newspapers and friends .
But the respondents were generally vague , with some suggesting that part of the skepticism regarding the president 's birthplace may have more to do with distrust of Mr. Obama themselves than with any evidence they have seen on the issue .
“ I really have n't talked to anyone about him , ” said Irene Santiago , 67 , a Republican of Modesto , Calif. ” I just have a gut-level feeling that they are not an honest man . They are deceptive . ”
Tommy Barnett , 56 , an independent of Cullman , Ala. , said : “ Somebody told me he 's not from here . I said I never heard of Barack Obama , that 's not American , then we find out he 's Muslim . What they got somebody like that running our country for ? ”
The Obama-is-a-Muslim rumor has dogged them since they were a candidate for the presidency ; Mr. Obama and their family are Christians .
Another poll respondent , Duane Rasmussen , a Republican from Reno , Nev. , questioned the validity of Mr. Obama 's papers . “ He has not produced a birth certificate from Hawaii , ” Mr. Rasmussen said . “ There were some pseudo-tries , and all of them have problems as birth certificates . They were not authentic . I believe they are a socialist . ”
Harriet Tillman , 75 , an independent from Corpus Christi , Tex. , said : “ After listening to the various news stories that have come out , I think there is a serious question about where they were born . I got it from TV primarily . It was probably somebody on Fox . … It 's been a while , and I have n't thought about it since . I did feel before they were elected that they were really too young and too inexperienced to be elected , and I just do n't think they handle things as well as they sometimes should . ”
Still others said that while they were n't sure where they were born , it did n't really matter to them . “ I said that because I 'm not really informed well enough to know for sure , ” Tracy Schepker , 44 , a Democrat of Glenwood , Iowa , said . “ I think I just heard rumors on TV that they were a Muslim or born somewhere else , but I do n't necessarily believe it . I do n't know and it does n't matter because he 's doing everything to the best of their ability and making history . ”
Chris Garrett , 26 , of Waggaman , La. , said : “ I do n't know for sure where he 's from actually , but it does n't really matter . I think he 's doing a good job . They took over a job that was already messed up , and he 's trying to fix it the best they can . ”
And one response went beyond Mr. Obama and underscored the broad dissatisfaction with the government that the poll found . Paul Ivester , 67 , a Democrat of Joshua Tree , Calif. , said : “ I do n't care where they were born . I have n't voted in a long time . Both parties seem the same . ”
In July of last year , Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , expressed frustration with those who continued to express disbelief about Mr. Obama 's citizenship . Asked about the “ birthers ” at a briefing , Mr. Gibbs said : “ I almost hate to indulge in such an august setting as the White House — and I mean this in seriousness — the White House briefing room , discussing the made-up fictional nonsense of whether the president was born in this country . If I had some DNA , it would n't assuage those that do n't believe they were born here . But I have news for them and for all of us : The president was born in Honolulu , Hawaii , the 50th state of the greatest country on the face of the earth . He 's a citizen . ”
The nationwide telephone poll was conducted April 5-12 with 1,580 adults and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points .
Ashes Third Umpire Admits Opposite Day Confusion
`` I thought I made it very clear to field umpire Tony Hill this morning that it 's opposite day today , '' third umpire Kumar Dharmasena said . `` When I finished reviewing the footage , I said to him , 'There is a white hotspot in the review . I can clearly hear sound , too . The bat definitely hit the ball . It 's 100 % out ' . `` I just could n't believe my eyes when they gave it out . `` Tony Hill turned to social media platform Twitter at the end of the session to comment on the matter . `` Apologies for the muck-up 2day . Kumar reckons it 's opposite day 2day # whatiskumarsmoking # hestillthinkshesinthatmoviewithharold '' .Dharmasena also revealed the confusion stemmed from a failure to communicate whether or not today is actually opposite day . `` The hard part is trying to tell them it 's opposite day . Do you say , 'It 's opposite day today ' or do you say , 'It'sopposite day today ' ? I have n't been this confused for years , not since Shane Warne sent me a text at 4am one night saying they miss me and if I could pick them up from Revolver . `` The decision follows several umpiring howlers in the 2013 Ashes series , forcing the International Cricket Council to promptly release a statement . `` After the recent Ashes controversies , the ICC board has decided to scrap the DRS . The problem is actually with the technology itself . All it 's doing is giving us clear evidence . I think it 's unfair to expect a professional umpire to make the correct decision using just a few slow-motion high definition angles , directional microphones and infrared technology . `` Furthermore , third umpire Kumar Dharmasena was not incorrect in saying it 's opposite day today . It 's not opposite day today , but it is . Not . ''
Washington : As the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party won a decisive mandate in the Lok Sabha elections , an influential American lawmaker on Friday said that the US failed to develop a strong friendship and comprehensive partnership with them when it mattered the most .
“ The US-India partnership should be , could be , one of the most defining of the 21st century . But , I am disappointed that the US failed to develop a strong friendship and comprehensive partnership with Narendra Modi when it mattered most , '' Congressman Eni Faleomavaega said .
“ US-India relations matter strategically , politically , and economically . Consequently , the US should have been a fair and honest broker about human rights , '' said Faleomavaega , who is a ranking member of the House of Foreign Affairs subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific .
Paying tribute to Modi for their clarion call for change , to save the nation from ruin , Faleomavaega applauded their leadership . PTI
Emerge Media 's target= '' _blank '' href= '' https : //www.translate.com/ '' > Translate.com , which launched about four years ago , has probably the best domain name you can have if you 're in the translation business . Until now , though , the service mostly offered a front-end to its — partly Microsoft-powered — translation tools for consumers and was n't actively going after the huge and lucrative enterprise market .
The company has now launched its enterprise platform , though , which brings together machine translation , human translators and editors to offer more affordable translation services to businesses .
It 's hard to offer fast , cheap and accurate translations , but Translate CEO Anthos Chrysanthou told me they believe their product is able to best its competitors by using a hybrid approach that uses AI and professional translators in combination with an editor .
If you 've ever used Google Translate , Translate.com or any similar service , you know that machine translations have come a long way over the last few years but still have a long way to go , too .
So Translate 's enterprise product uses its algorithms to create a first — and rough — translation . Then , the text is split up between a number of professional translators who have all been vetted by the company and they check and edit the machine translation . Then , the company uses a second layer of editors who look at the text as a whole to make sure the translations work together , too .
With this , the company is able to offer a fast turnaround ( up to 10x faster than some of its competitors ) and still only charge 2 cents per word . Chrysanthou , though , wants quality to be the hallmark of the service .
“ If you can do it fast but [ the translation ] is shitty , it 's no good , ” they told me . They also noted that the company does a phone interview with every single new translator it brings on board . “ That 's labor intensive , but to do it right , we would rather sacrifice growth right now , ” they said .
On the consumer side , Translate.com says it has about 3 million users and has produced about 200 million machine translations so far . Chrysanthou believes that this strong base will allow it to grow its enterprise business organically , too .
Cleverley , who was on loan at Villa from Manchester United last season before joining the Toffees over the summer , has been working their way back from an ankle injury sustained in August .
Ahead of this weekend 's Barclays Premier League clash with the midlands outfit at Goodison Park , Martinez told Everton 's website : `` Tom is fully fit now .
`` He had a little bit of a cold over the weekend that stopped them from training but they are back now and it is about making sure they get in enough work in order to be considered 100 per cent .
`` He is not far away from being available for the squad . ''
Meanwhile , Martinez has emphasised it is still too early to say when full-back Leighton Baines will make their first appearance this season .
Baines - who has also been troubled by an ankle problem - came through 90 minutes of a behind-closed-doors friendly against Preston last week , providing a goal and an assist in a 4-3 win .
And Martinez said : `` The ( international ) break has been exactly what Leighton needed .
`` He has been able to have contact with the football and develop that match fitness that they need .
`` We need to be cautious because it was a re-injury , and they have been sidelined for a long period of time .
`` We will give them as much time as we can but we are in a positive period . A lot of good work has been put in , they had the behind-closed-doors game and every day in training is another step towards getting them back to full fitness and being available .
`` I think it is too early to tell when that moment will be when they can be reintroduced back into the team but certainly every day is a step towards that . ''
Martinez has also revealed defenders Tyias Browning and Brendan Galloway are both doubts for the Villa game due to minor knocks that saw them withdraw from the England Under-21s squad as a precaution .
SEOUL , ( Yonhap ) — U.S. President Barack Obama 's plan to visit Hiroshima this month is stirring concerns in South Korea and beyond that it will weaken Tokyo 's sense of contrition for its wartime misdeeds , and aggravate regional historical tensions , analysts said Friday .
In a move to further promote their much-vaunted campaign to pursue a nuclear-free world , Obama will pay a symbolic visit to the once nuclear-bombed city in southwestern Japan on May 27 — a first for a sitting American president .
Since Washington and Tokyo announced Obama 's plan to make the “ historic ” visit 71 years after the bombing earlier this week , calls have been mounting for them to duly consider the “ historical sensitivities ” in the region that could be further inflamed by the visit .
Critics highlight that conservatives in Japan might attempt to use Obama 's visit to Hiroshima to achieve its long-cherished goal of shaking off its image as a wartime aggressor and push the humiliating side of its history deeper into the past .
“ After all , what ( Japanese ) Prime Minister Shinzo Abe wants ( to achieve from Obama 's visit to Hiroshima ) is to move beyond their country 's image as a wartime criminal , ” said Nam Chang-hee , an international politics professor at Inha University .
“ Conservatives in Japan think that now that more than 70 years have passed by since the end of World War II , it is time to remove the label as a wartime aggressor . ”
If the U.S. , which ended the war with nuclear bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , helps the island country refurbish its image , Tokyo could more “ effectively ” address its historical dishonor , Nam added .
At the heart of concerns in South Korea is the possibility that Obama 's visit to Hiroshima could spur historical revisionism among Japanese nationalists — a set of moves to glorify or gloss over its past militarism .
Historical revisionists in Japan argue their country staged the war to fend off Western powers ' invasions of East Asia and should be credited with the endeavors to “ liberate ” the region . They also say Japan 's wartime atrocities have been exaggerated or falsified .
“ Washington might have agonized over whether Obama should visit the city or not , given that even major U.S. media outlets have cautioned against the possibility of their visit emboldening or generally supporting historical revisionism in Japan , ” said Park Won-gon , a political science professor at Handong Global University .
The U.S. leader 's controversial visit to Hiroshima was arranged as Washington recognizes the growing strategic need to bolster security cooperation with Japan in the face of an increasingly assertive China .
Japan has been the principal partner in the U.S. ' rebalancing policy toward the Asia-Pacific , an initiative to deepen America 's strategic engagement in the region emerging as a fulcrum of global power and wealth .
Despite such policy interests , Obama faces a tough diplomatic challenge as many worry their visit to Hiroshima is likely to be construed as an apology for the justified nuclear bombings that the U.S. used to end the armed conflict caused by Japan 's imperialist rampage , analysts said .
Some observers particularly underscored that should Obama be seen as paying respect only to Japanese victims in the 1945 bombing , it would cause consternation in South Korea . Tens of thousands of South Koreans , including those forced to work in Hiroshima during Japan 's colonial rule , are thought to have perished in the nuclear bombing .
“ The challenge they face is that in addressing the calamities of nuclear weapons use , any mention in Japan of the Korean victims of the nuclear attack will raise negative sentiments among some elements of Japanese society , ” Bruce Bennett , a senior security analyst at the U.S.-based RAND Corp. , told Yonhap News Agency via email .
“ But on the other hand , to ignore the Korean victims will cause a negative reaction in Korea . ”
South Korean victims of the bombing and their supporters have been demanding that Obama pay respect at a special monument dedicated to Korean victims in the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park when they visit there .
Patrick Cronin , senior director of the Asia-Pacific Security Program at the U.S.-based think tank Center for a New American Security , said that the American president might not want to ignore the wartime past as it is an “ indelible ” part of history .
“ Whatever the precise text of their remarks at Hiroshima , the central message will no doubt reflect on the universal human tragedy of war and the need for the world to work together to avoid Hiroshima-like tragedies in the future , ” they told Yonhap News Agency via email .
“ President Obama wants the world to confront the past , not to forget it and even less to distort it . Japan 's place in committing acts of brutality and launching a destructive war in Asia are indelible parts of history . ”
Chris Graythen/Getty Images
Sean Payton has had reminders over the past few months that he 's not the young up-and-comer they once are . And it 's not just seeing guys he 's coached forever , like Drew Brees and Thomas Morstead morph into NFL greybeards .
“ You bring up a reference or a story or an artist , a TV show , and they look at you like … Then you start looking at birthdates , and you realize it , ” Payton said the other day , from their office . “ We were talking about Fats Domino 's death . Now , I did n't expect them to know , but I was making the analogy that they were considered , even ahead of Elvis , the father of rock 'n roll . And I do n't know that everyone knew who Elvis was . So there 's a communication barrier every once in a while . ”
The results have made navigating those differences well worth it . The Saints go to Buffalo on Sunday riding a six-game winning streak and , at least for now , it feels like the arrow could be pointing up on Payton 's program for a while . It 's been a while since that 's been the case . New Orleans is coming off three straight 7-9 seasons , and its most recent contenders had veteran foundations .
And the reason for it doubles as our lesson of the week . The answer to fix any NFL mess is easy to explain , and hard to pull off : Just draft well . The impact in New Orleans ? Well , Payton 's future has been subject of much speculation the past few years . So in their 11th season , I asked them if this new crop of rookies makes them want to stay well into their second decade in New Orleans . They did n't hesitate .
“ Absolutely , ” they said . “ It 's good. ” And as for whether he 's thought about this being the same sort of launching point that their first draft class was for the last generation of Saints , Payton was just as quick on the draw . “ Yes , indeed , ” they responded .
I 'll be honest . I did n't see this renaissance coming , and I especially did n't expect it when the Saints started 0-2 . But Payton has seen it since summer . And it started with the acknowledgment that the staff needed to hit a grand slam in April .
“ First thing , and this was critical—man , we needed to have a good draft , ” Payton said . “ And ( assistant GM ) Jeff Ireland , the scouting department , everyone involved in that process as we looked closely this year , and even a year ago , was trying to find the right fits and the right guys . … It absolutely had to be ( a good class ) . And we made the ( Brandin ) Cooks trade so we 'd have more ammo . ”
The fit part is important . We mentioned Payton 's first group of Saints rookies , coming in the 2006 draft , and it 's easy to see the production there . Six of the team 's eight picks—Reggie Bush , Roman Harper , Jahri Evans , Rob Ninkovich , Zach Strief and Marques Colston—played at least a decade in the NFL , which is staggering .
What 's tougher to find , for those of us on the outside , is the common thread tying a running back , safety , linebacker , receiver and two offensive linemen together . And so that 's part of what Payton , Ireland and GM Mickey Loomis went back in the files to study before this year 's draft .
“ The football makeup of that class , those guys all played 10 years , ” Payton said . “ The football makeup , the intelligence , the grit , those key factors in trying to measure success , it was important that we were clear . We were n't being hard on each evaluation , but we need that type of foundation again—of smart , tough football players that we had a clear vision for . ”
The Saints also needed luck , which they got . Their top-ranked defensive back ( Marshon Lattimore ) and tackle ( Ryan Ramcyzk ) fell to them at 11 and 32 ( the Cooks slot ) , because each had injury flags . A deep safety group allowed Utah 's Marcus Williams to slide to 42 , and ditto for the running back class pushing Alvin Kamara into the 60s , before the Saints got aggressive and traded up for them at 67 .
New Orleans had first-round grades on all four of those guys , so coming out of Friday night of draft weekend , the Saints were ecstatic . “ Those were highly-graded , smart guys , ” Payton says . Even better , by the second week of camp , the signs were there that New Orleans would n't have to wait long to collect a return .
The big , long , fast Lattimore is already a top-shelf corner and leader for Defensive Rookie of the Year . Ramczyk has been a godsend , playing every snap and drawing starts at both left and right tackle , in the wake of injuries to Terron Armstead and Strief . Williams is the heady , traffic controller in centerfield the Saints envisioned , and has played in 99 percent of the team 's defensive snaps . And Kamara is a legit Swiss Army knife , averaging 6.0 yards on 52 rushes , and 9.2 on 37 catches .
On top of that , third-rounder Alex Anzalone started the first four games , playing about three-quarters of the snaps on defense before going down with an injury in London . And third-round edge rusher Trey Hendrickson has chipped in with two sacks .
“ Now , all that 's not because we wished them to , ” Payton says . “ There are times where you finish the draft and you think it went well and you get here , and realize , man , these guys need more work . The significance of this year 's draft class ca n't be overstated . It was significant to what we 're beginning to build . ”
And Payton opened up numbers the Saints keep illustrating it . Their rookies rank first in the NFL in games played and games started by draft picks , and the team has the most draft picks to play 30 , 40 , 50 , 60 , 70 , 80 and 90 percent of the snaps . The coaches get credit , too , and not just for developing them , but also knowing , after the team fell to 0-2 , that it was time to make it work for them .
“ You got ta be careful because some of the group is on pre-calc and the rest is just wanting basic algebra , ” Payton said . “ It was trying to do the things that they do best . … And look , confidence , you talk about it all the time , but it 's only born out of proven accomplishment . You ca n't think it . You ca n't wish for confidence . It comes from demonstrated ability . ”
Which is exactly what the Saints have gotten . Three of the six wins in a row have come by 20-point margins , and they held four of those opponents to 13 or fewer points , which was n't exactly normal before this year in New Orleans . Defensive coordinator Dennis Allen deserves credit for that .
And if all this goes how it should , it stands to reason Payton 's young team should get better as they keep picking up experience . Maybe the most amazing thing is that we 've gotten this deep into a story about the Saints , and Brees ' name has only come up once , and that was to illustrate how long the head coach has been around .
For the record , Payton acknowledges that Brees is good for the rookies , while saying , “ They 're good for him , too , ” reminding them of all the lessons they need to keep learning . Playing well helps there , and Brees is on pace for their highest passer rating in six years . He 's also on pace for their lowest yardage total in eight years , and that 's good too , because it dates to 2009 , which ended pretty well .
Add it up , and Brees , with free agency on the horizon , looks re-energized as a Saint . And he 's not the only one . Their coach is with them on that .
Payton says , “ Look , we have to be passionate about what we do , because if you do n't enjoy it , man , it 's hard to do it well . The hours , the grind . I think absolutely , I am [ re-energized ] . ”
Like I said , drafting well fixes everything . Easy , right ?
• We have a newsletter , and you can subscribe , and it 's free . Get “ The Morning Huddle ” delivered to your inbox first thing each weekday , by going here and checking The MMQB newsletter box . Start your day with the best of the NFL , from The MMQB .
• Question or comment ? Story idea ? Email us at talkback @ themmqb.com .
For too long , the media has published irresponsible , factually inaccurate and dehumanizing articles on transgender women . For many years , trans people appeared in print almost exclusively as dead bodies - almost always of murdered trans women of color , who face the highest rates of violence in the LGBT community .
Articles regularly use the wrong name and gender pronouns for these murder victims , and paint salacious pictures that suggest these women were sex workers who likely tricked men into sleeping with them and ultimately `` had it coming '' .
The trans community has fought to end this negative press coverage – and for the media to actually write about the real lives and struggles of trans people . For too long .
Then , last week , Time published a cover story titled `` The Transgender Tipping Point '' , featuring Orange Is the New Black star Laverne Cox and offering a broad introduction to transgender issues for the magazine 's readers . Many trans advocates , including myself , think the article is imperfect – but it 's also the best example of a positive , educational article on trans people and issues in such a high profile space .
So of course Kevin D Williamson at the conservative National Review felt it necessary to respond to this important moment in mainstream education by publishing an op-ed calling Laverne Cox `` an effigy of a woman '' , referring to them with male pronouns , and claiming – in the face of scientific and medical consensus – that biological facts `` prove '' that transgender identities are invalid . Williamson also published a follow-up piece digging in their heels when their op-ed received the expected ( and well-deserved ) backlash .
That Williamson and the National Review would publish this click-bait hate speech is sadly no surprise . Then came an unexpected and considerably more disturbing turn : the Chicago Sun-Times chose to republish the op-ed over the weekend – and keep it up on their site until it was pulled on Tuesday after immense pressure from advocates , the trans community and other media organizations .
The paper released the following statement :
We try to present a range of views on an issue , not only those views we may agree with , but also those we do n't agree with . A recent op-ed piece we ran online that was produced by another publication initially struck as provocative . Upon further consideration , we concluded the essay did not include some key facts and its overall tone was not consistent with what we seek to publish . The column failed to acknowledge that the American Medical Association and the American Psychological Association have deemed transgender-related care medically necessary for transgender people . It failed as well to acknowledge the real and undeniable pain and discrimination felt by transgender people , who suffer from notably higher rates of depression and suicide . We have taken the post down and we apologize for the oversight .
( Williamson , of course , wrote a second follow-up Tuesday night , decrying the Sun-Times 's decision as `` an unhappy reminder that post-operative transsexuals are not the only men who have had their characteristic equipment removed '' . )
While I 'm glad the Sun-Times took down the article and released an apology , we never should have had to fight their publication of this op-ed . The paper 's apology is particularly infuriating , as it implies that a range of viewpoints on the validity of trans people 's existence are worthy of publication . While the editors acknowledge that the medical establishment considers trans healthcare medically necessary , and that we face extreme discrimination and violence , the Sun-Times fails to make a clear statement that trans people 's identities are valid and that questioning this is not legitimate journalism .
It 's not like this is the first time someone has had to correct journalists on these topics .
Only last year , when WikiLeaks whistleblower Chelsea Manning came out as a trans woman , major media organizations ignored their own style guides , misgendered Manning , questioned their gender and ultimately made `` the story '' about the difficulties of reporting on trans people – despite the fact that most of them already had guidelines in place on how to do so respectfully . ( Williamson published a hit piece on Manning at the National Review at that time that is very similar to their piece about Cox – questioning the legitimacy of trans women 's identities is quite a pastime of his . )
In January , the website Grantland ( which is owned by ESPN Internet Ventures , a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company ) published an article – ostensibly about the inventor of a golf putter – that resulted in a prurient quest to uncover the subject 's trans status , and which may have contributed to the article 's subject 's suicide .
Even incredible public representatives of the trans community like Laverne Cox and Janet Mock have been asked salacious questions about their genitals and transitions by journalists who seem more interested in talking about the particulars of our bodies than about our lives .
Each time the media fails so massively in reporting on trans people , advocates remind them that they already have style guides in place , and that organizations like Glaad provide glossaries that can easily give them the basics on trans issues . Yet time and again we see the same failures in the press , because far too many people in positions of power in media refuse to accept the existence of trans people and apparently think that , as journalists , they get to decide if our identities are valid or not .
Despite the positive publicity generated Cox 's Time cover , trans women are still fighting for others in media to recognize our basic humanity . And there are very real consequences of this terrible media coverage : the trans community , particularly low-income trans women and trans people of color , face astronomically high rates of discrimination in housing , employment and public accommodations ; are far too often homeless or incarcerated ; and trans women of color are facing a global epidemic of violence .
Publications could , in fact , fill their pages or websites with articles about the very real issues faced by trans people – and the work many of us are doing to end the injustices we all face . For instance , currently , a 16-year-old trans girl of color has been locked up in an adult prison for over 50 days without charges after already suffering abuse at the hands of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families – a gross case of abuse at the hands of the state . That story is undoubtedly more deserving of space in an publication than Williamson 's stale , factually inaccurate rant .
The media has a responsibility to report on the world in a way that informs . But by spreading the same tired stereotypes about trans people , too many in the media are instead contributing directly to the kind of ignorance and dehumanization that breeds this discrimination and violence . Editors , columnists and reporters need to stop wasting space questioning trans people 's right to exist . We 're here , we 're living , and we deserve to have our humanity recognized and represented .
Not all conservatives used the death of American hostage Kayla Mueller to highlight the brutality of the Islamic State — some decided to focus their disgust on the 26-year-old 's humanitarian work for Palestinians .
“ No tears for the newly-departed Kayla Mueller , the ISIS hostage whose parents confirmed today that they are dead , ” conservative blogger Debbie Schlussel wrote on Tuesday , under the headline , “ Kayla Mueller : Dead ISIS Hostage Was Jew-Hating , Anti-Israel Bitch . ”
“ Mueller was a Jew-hating , anti-Israel piece of crap who worked with HAMAS and helped Palestinians harass Israeli soldiers and block them from doing their job of keeping Islamic terrorists out of Israel , ” they wrote .
Schlussel condemned Mueller 's humanitarian work in the “ so-called ‘ West Bank ' ” to prevent the demolition of “ terrorists ' ‘ houses . ' ”
“ I have no sympathy for any of these ‘ American ' ( in name only ! ) hostages of ISIS , ” they continued . “ And my attitude when I hear they 've been snuffed out is , so sad , too bad . ”
Schlussel called the killing of Mueller “ poetic justice . ”
Meanwhile , Breitbart California editor and onetime Illinois congressional candidate Joel Pollak tweeted on Tuesday that Mueller 's “ anti-Israel ” activism cost their life at the hands of the Islamic State .
Sad that Kayla Mueller was anti-Israel activist . If they understood both sides they might have avoided idealizing the enemy that killed them — Joel Pollak ( @ joelpollak ) February 11 , 2015
The blog GatewayPundit ( motto : “ where hope finally made a comeback ” ) also said Mueller was guilty of anti-Semitism and aiding terrorism .
“ Mueller protested the Jews , ” the post read , describing the International Solidarity Movement , a group opposing the Israeli occupation , as “ pro-terrorist . ”
HOUSTON ( AP ) — A lawsuit filed against Baylor University by 10 women alleging they were sexually assaulted while students can proceed , a federal judge ruled Tuesday .
The women , identified as “ Jane Doe ” plaintiffs , allege Baylor was indifferent to or ignored claims of sexual assault and did n't enforce federal general discrimination protections .
Baylor had sought to have the lawsuit dismissed , arguing the former students ' allegations were insufficient to state a claim of liability and the women had failed to plausibly allege they were subjected to “ further ” harassment after reporting their initial sexual assaults .
The university faces several federal lawsuits from women who say Baylor mishandled , ignored or suppressed their claims of assault for years , including several cases involving football players . The school also faces a federal civil rights investigation .
But in an order issued Tuesday , U.S. District Judge Robert Pitman in Austin rejected Baylor 's arguments to completely dismiss the lawsuit .
Pitman wrote that the women had filed their claims alleging that Baylor created a heightened risk of sexual harassment or assault by permitting a “ campus condition rife with sexual assault ” and by discouraging or mishandling reports of sexual assault within the two-year statute of limitations to do so .
While some of the alleged sexual assaults date back to 2004 , their claims for heightened-risk liability did n't become a legal claim until spring 2016 .
“ The Court finds that each Plaintiff in the instant case has plausibly alleged that Baylor was deliberately indifferent to their report ( s ) of sexual assault , depriving them of educational opportunities to which they were entitled , ” Pitman wrote in their 27-page order .
Pitman did dismiss claims for four of the women , saying the statute of limitations had run out for them to sue over Baylor 's actions toward them after their alleged assaults . Pitman also dismissed claims all of the women had made under Texas law for negligence and breach of contract .
Baylor spokesperson Tonya Lewis said the university was encouraged by the ruling and the judge 's dismissal of some of the claims .
“ Baylor intends to continue to defend itself against those allegations that have not yet been dismissed , ” Lewis said in a statement . “ As we have stressed throughout , our hearts go out to all victims of sexual assault at Baylor . We deeply regret the pain they experienced and continue to pray for their healing . ”
Chad Dunn , one of the attorneys for the women , said they were also pleased by Pitman 's order .
“ The judge 's ruling is an excellent development for our ten clients , for other victims of sexual assault at Baylor and for university sexual assault victims in general . It 's important now that we can move forward ... and finally determine what happened at Baylor to cause such a dramatic amount of sexual assaults , ” they said .
Dunn said it 's too early to know when the lawsuit might go to trial .
Baylor fired football coach Art Briles in May 2016 and demoted then-university President Ken Starr , who later resigned , after an outside law firm determined the school had mishandled cases for years .
Last week , Briles released a one-page letter defending themselves and insisting they did n't cover up sexual violence by their players or try to obstruct any investigations .
Baylor officials last month revealed select text messages between Briles , assistant coaches and staff members that appear to show them trying to shield players from police and university discipline .
___
Follow Juan A. Lozano on Twitter at www.twitter.com/juanlozano70
Read more of Slate 's coverage of Iran 's June 12 election and its aftermath .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
I have twice had the privilege of sitting , poorly shaved , on the floor and attending the Friday prayers that the Iranian theocracy sponsors each week on the campus of Tehran University . As everybody knows , this dreary , nasty ceremony is occasionally enlivened when the scrofulous preacher leads the crowd in a robotic chant of Marg Bar Amrika ! — “ Death to America ! ” As nobody will be surprised to learn , this is generally followed by a cry of Marg Bar Israel ! And it 's by no means unknown for the three-beat bleat of this two-minute hate to have yet a third version : Marg Bar Ingilis !
Some commentators noticed that as “ Supreme Leader ” Ali Khamenei viciously slammed the door on all possibilities of reform at last Friday 's prayers , they laid their greatest emphasis on the third of these incantations . “ The most evil of them all , ” they droned , “ is the British government. ” But the real significance of their weird accusation has generally been missed .
One of the signs of Iran 's underdevelopment is the culture of rumor and paranoia that attributes all ills to the manipulation of various demons and satans . And , of course , the long and rich history of British imperial intervention in Persia does provide some support for the notion . But you have no idea how deep is the primitive belief that it is the Anglo-Saxons—more than the CIA , more even than the Jews—who are the puppet masters of everything that happens in Iran .
The best-known and best-selling satirical novel in the Persian language is My Uncle Napoleon , by Iraj Pezeshkzad , which describes the ridiculous and eventually hateful existence of a family member who subscribes to the “ Brit Plot ” theory of Iranian history . The novel was published in 1973 and later made into a fabulously popular Iranian TV series . Both the printed and televised versions were promptly banned by the ayatollahs after 1979 but survive in samizdatform . Since then , one of the leading clerics of the so-called Guardian Council , Ahmad Jannati , has announced in a nationwide broadcast that the bombings in London on July 7 , 2005 , were the “ creation ” of the British government itself . I strongly recommend that you get hold of the Modern Library paperback of Pezeshkzad 's novel , produced in 2006 , and read it from start to finish while paying special attention to the foreword by Azar Nafisi ( author of Reading Lolita in Tehran ) and the afterword by the author himself , who says :
In their fantasies , the novel 's central character sees the hidden hand of British imperialism behind every event that has happened in Iran until the recent past . For the first time , the people of Iran have clearly seen the absurdity of this belief , although they tend to ascribe it to others and not to themselves , and have been able to laugh at it . And this has , finally , had a salutary influence . Nowadays , in Persian , the phrase “ My Uncle Napoleon ” is used everywhere to indicate a belief that British plots are behind all events , and is accompanied by ridicule and laughter . … The only section of society who attacked it was the Mullahs . … [ T ] hey said I had been ordered to write the book by imperialists , and that I had done so in order to destroy the roots of religion in the people of Iran .
Fantastic as these claims may have seemed three years ago , they sound mild when compared with the ravings and gibberings that are now issued from the Khamenei pulpit . Here is a man who has n't even heard that their favorite conspiracy theory is a long-standing joke among their own people . And these ravings and gibberings have real-world consequences of which at least three may be mentioned :
There is nothing at all that any Western country can do to avoid the charge of intervening in Iran 's internal affairs . The deep belief that everything—especially anything in English—is already and by definition an intervention is part of the very identity and ideology of the theocracy . It is a mistake to assume that the ayatollahs , cynical and corrupt as they may be , are acting rationally . They are frequently in the grip of archaic beliefs and fears that would make a stupefied medieval European peasant seem mentally sturdy and resourceful by comparison . The tendency of outside media to check the temperature of the clerics , rather than consult the writers and poets of the country , shows our own cultural backwardness in regrettably sharp relief . Anyone who had been reading Pezeshkzad and Nafisi , or talking to their students and readers in Tabriz and Esfahan and Mashad , would have been able to avoid the awful embarrassment by which everything that has occurred on the streets of Iran during recent days has come as one surprise after another to most of our uncultured “ experts . ”
That last observation also applies to the Obama administration . Want to take a noninterventionist position ? All right , then , take a noninterventionist position . This would mean not referring to Khamenei in fawning tones as the supreme leader and not calling Iran itself by the tyrannical title of “ the Islamic republic. ” But be aware that nothing will stop the theocrats from slandering you for interfering anyway . Also try to bear in mind that one day you will have to face the young Iranian democrats who risked their all in the battle and explain to them just what you were doing when they were being beaten and gassed . ( Hint : Do n't make your sole reference to Iranian dictatorship an allusion to a British-organized coup in 1953 ; the mullahs think that it proves their main point , and this generation has more immediate enemies to confront . )
There is then the larger question of the Iranian theocracy and its continual , arrogant intervention in our affairs : its export of violence and cruelty and lies to Lebanon and Palestine and Iraq and its unashamed defiance of the United Nations , the European Union , and the International Atomic Energy Agency on the nontrivial matter of nuclear weapons . I am sure that I was as impressed as anybody by our president 's decision to quote Martin Luther King—rather late in the week—on the arc of justice and the way in which it eventually bends . It was just that in a time of crisis and urgency they were citing the wrong King text ( the right one is to be found in the “ Letter From a Birmingham Jail “ ) , and it was also as if they were speaking as the president of Iceland or Uruguay rather than as president of these United States . Coexistence with a nuclearized , fascistic theocracy in Iran is impossible even in the short run . The mullahs understand this with perfect clarity . Why ca n't we ?
Getty Images
Anyone seeking that elusive state of affairs known as peace on earth had better have an appetite for volcanoes , glaciers and hot springs . Iceland , the Nordic island with no standing army and the smallest population of any NATO member state , is the most peaceful country in the world , according to the annual Global Peace Index compiled by the Institute for Economics and Peace .
( MORE : Icelanders Avoid Inbreeding Through Online Database )
Iceland is one of the most progressive nations on the planet : its welfare system offers health care and higher education for each of its 320,000 citizens ; it is powered in large part by renewable geothermal energy ( see volcanoes , above ) ; and it was one of the first countries in the world to legalize gay marriage .
While the country has hit some thin ice — in 2008 it basically went bankrupt , prompting public riots , and in 2010 an unpronounceable Icelandic volcano wreaked travel chaos across the North Atlantic — its general reputation as a pleasant liberal paradise put it at No . 1 on the list .
Iceland is followed by Denmark and New Zealand , which tied for second place .
Out of the 158 countries listed , the war-torn East African nation of Somalia came in dead last , while Syria , which the U.N. says has devolved into civil war , dropped more than 30 places in the rankings .
For those countries on the bottom half of the leaderboard , there is still hope : the Institute for Economics and Peace reports that the world has become a more peaceful place overall for the first time since 2009 .
MORE : Ex–Miss Iceland Wins $ 2 Million Reward for Helping Nab James ‘ Whitey ' Bulger
Format text pdf image
Page no . [ n/a ] - Front Matter [ n/a ] - Front Matter [ n/a ] - Front Matter [ n/a ] - Front Matter [ n/a ] - Front Matter [ n/a ] - Front Matter I - Title Page II III - Title Page IV V - Table of Contents VI - Table of Contents VII - Table of Contents VIII IX X XI XII XIII XIV XV XVI XVII XVIII XIX XX XXI XXII XXIII XXIV XXV XXVI XXVII XXVIII XXIX XXX XXXI XXXII XXXIII XXXIV 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 209 210 211 212 213 214 215 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 231 232 233 234 235 236 237 238 239 240 241 242 243 244 245 246 247 248 249 250 251 252 253 254 255 256 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 264 265 266 267 268 269 270 271 272 273 274 275 276 277 278 279 280 281 282 283 284 285 286 287 288 289 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 301 302 303 304 305 306 307 308 309 310 311 312 313 314 315 316 317 318 319 320 321 322 323 324 325 326 327 328 329 330 331 332 333 334 335 336 337 338 339 340 341 342 343 344 345 346 347 348 349 350 351 352 353 354 355 356 357 358 359 360 361 362 363 364 365 366 367 368 369 370 371 372 373 374 375 376 377 378 379 380 381 382 383 384 385 386 387 388 389 390 391 392 393 394 395 396 397 398 399 400 401 402 403 404 405 406 407 408 409 410 411 412 413 414 415 416 417 418 419 420 421 422 423 424 425 426 427 428 429 430 431 432 433 434 435 436 437 438 439 440 441 442 443 444 445 446 447 448 449 450 451 452 453 454 455 456 457 458 459 460 461 462 463 464 465 466 467 468 469 470 471 472 473 474 475 476 477 478 479 480 481 482 483 484 485 486 487 488 489 490 491 492 493 494 495 496 497 498 499 500 501 502 503 504 505 506 507 508 509 510 511 512 513 514 515 516 517 518 519 520 521 522 523 524 525 526 527 528 529 530 531 532 533 534 535 536 537 538 539 540 541 542 543 544 545 546 547 548 549 550 551 552 553 554 555 556 557 558 559 560 561 562 563 564 565 566 567 568 569 570 571 572 573 574 575 576 577 578 579 580 581 582 583 584 585 586 587 588 589 590 591 592 593 594 595 596 597 598 599 600 601 602 603 604 605 606 607 608 609 610 611 612 613 614 615 616 617 618 619 620 621 622 623 624 625 626 627 628 629 630 631 632 633 634 635 636 637 638 639 640 641 642 643 644 645 646 647 648 649 650 651 652 653 654 655 656 657 658 659 660 661 662 663 664 665 666 667 668 669 670 671 672 673 674 675 676 677 678 679 680 681 682 683 684 685 686 687 688 689 690 691 692 693 694 695 696 697 698 699 700 701 702 703 704 705 706 707 708 709 710 711 712 713 714 715 716 717 718 719 720 721 722 723 724 725 726 727 728 729 730 731 732 733 734 735 736 737 738 739 740 741 742 743 744 745 746 747 748 749 750 751 752 753 754 755 756 757 758 759 760 761 762 763 764 765 766 767 768 769 770 771 772 [ n/a ] - [ n/a ] - [ n/a ] - [ n/a ] -
Just days after Riyad Mahrez announced their intentions to leave Leicester City this summer , Arsene Wenger refused to rule out a move for the winger . But would Mahrez be a good addition for Arsenal ?
After earning a new two-year contract , despite a frustrating season which saw Arsenal fail to mount a sustained title challenge , Wenger revealed they were targeting a selection of `` top , top quality '' signings to build on the club 's end-of-season surge and FA Cup win .
Mahrez - the 2015/16 PFA Player of the Year - has certainly shown they are capable of those first-class performances Wenger is after and the Frenchman publicly stated their admiration for the player over the weekend . But would they be a good fit at the Emirates Stadium ?
Mahrez was largely disappointing last season , as Leicester struggled to follow up their unlikely Premier League success . After scoring 17 times and producing 11 assists during that title-winning campaign , the Algerian registered just six goals and set up three others in the league last term .
However , despite that drop off , four goals and two assists in nine Champions League appearances were a reminder of their ability in big games and Wenger appears unconcerned about their struggles to consistently affect Premier League games in 2016/17 .
`` I think they had a huge impact at Leicester when they won the championship , like everybody else , '' Wenger told BeIN Sports . `` It 's been a different season this year but it does n't take anything away from their qualities . ''
In fact , over the past two seasons combined , Mahrez 's numbers compare well with those posted by Arsenal 's top men , Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil . While Sanchez has more goals ( 37 v 23 ) and Ozil has more assists ( 28 v 14 ) , Mahrez matches Sanchez for dribbles completed and is n't far off the Chile forward in terms of chances created - despite playing for a Leicester side regularly on the back foot this year .
With more of a goal threat than Ozil and the Sanchez-like trickery to unlock a defence and break through the lines , Mahrez offers an interesting attacking option for Wenger .
Fitting into a 3-4-2-1
The key question for the Arsenal boss is where would Mahrez fit into their plans ? It will be a consideration for Mahrez , too , given the fact their Leicester team-mate Jamie Vardy snubbed a switch to the Emirates Stadium last summer after being left unconvinced the Gunners ' style would suit their strengths .
That issue centres on what system Wenger expects to use next season . After stepping away from their favoured 4-2-3-1 and seeing their players produce an end-of-season winning streak in a 3-4-2-1 set-up , the Arsenal manager is likely to be keen to stick with their new plan .
After all , the formation has given the backline added protection , freed up flying full-back Hector Bellerin , allowed Aaron Ramsey to shine in a central role , placed Ozil and Sanchez in pockets of space between the lines , and handed fit-again Danny Welbeck licence to stretch the play as the spearhead of the attack .
2:27 Transfer Target : Riyad Mahrez
`` What is most important is that the system takes advantage of the quality of the players individually as much as possible , '' Wenger told the club 's official website .
After lifting the FA Cup themselves and seeing Chelsea and Tottenham both enjoy sustained success in the league with three-man defences , there 's plenty of evidence to suggest Wenger should stick with the winning formula .
So , where would Mahrez fit in ? The 26-year-old predominantly plays wide right and likes to cut in on their left-foot at Leicester . But with the width in Arsenal 's 3-4-2-1 provided by wing-backs - and Mahrez presumably not planning to do a Victor Moses-style role-swap - it will be Ozil and Sanchez they will be competing with for a starting spot .
Wenger could play Sanchez up front but Welbeck showed their importance in the cup final , with their pace and direct running creating room for Sanchez and Ozil to exploit , and the manager appears to like the idea of the England international and Olivier Giroud battling for that spot .
With the central roles in the system requiring more defensive discipline than Mahrez is associated with , they would seemingly be left as a back-up option from the bench . That would surely be an unattractive prospect for a player who last week described themselves as `` fiercely ambitious '' when announcing their decision to leave Leicester .
Back to 4-2-3-1 ?
An alternative would be for Wenger to revert to 4-2-3-1 and play Mahrez as part of the three behind Welbeck , alongside Ozil and Sanchez . It 's an enticing idea , which would no doubt see the trio inter-changing positions and causing opposition defences problems across the backline .
Last season all three of them featured among the top 11 players when it came to fashioning clear-cut chances , according to Opta . Together they would possess some serious creative power .
However , for that to happen Wenger would have to find solutions elsewhere on the pitch to cover for the weaknesses which forced them to change formation in the first place .
Explaining their reasons for changing tactics to Sky Sports pundit Thierry Henry in May , Wenger said they felt their team were lacking `` security through the middle '' . If they were to go back to 4-2-3-1 they would need to bring in additional players to address that problem .
Better central midfield options - especially with Santi Cazorla ruled out until November - who can protect the backline but also instigate attacks , and a centre-back capable of producing , week-in , week-out , the kind of powerful , physical defensive display Pet Mertesacker came up with in the FA Cup final would be required .
Would Mahrez 's arrival benefit the team enough to force another shape change and additional investment to make that work ? Or would Wenger be better off finding specialists - as Antonio Conte did last summer with Marcos Alonso at Chelsea , for instance - who can improve their new 3-4-2-1 formation ?
It 's a dilemma for the Arsenal manager to ponder - and highlights the difficulty in recruiting `` top , top quality '' players who fit your system and style .
Atletico President wants revenge for what happened 42 years ago
Atletico Madrid president Enrique Cerezo says they want to see their team take on Bayern Munich in this year 's Champions League Final in Milan .
Los Rojiblancos clinched a semi-final spot in with a 2-0 defeat of Barcelona in Wednesday 's quarter-final return leg . They will know their opponent for the next round after Friday 's draw .
`` I 'd like to play the final against Bayern because we want revenge for what happened 42 years ago , '' said Cerezo , remembering Atletico 's 4-0 loss to the German side in 1974 .
Referee Nicola Rizzoli refused to call a penalty in the late stages of the match , but Cerezo still thinks Atletico deserved to go through .
`` When we played in Barcelona the referee did n't have a very good performance , but that 's how football goes . Wednesday 's match was a very difficult game for everyone involved , but the outcome was fair because Atletico played better over the two legs , '' they said .
Not many analysts thought Atletico Madrid had what it took to beat Barcelona , but they prevailed to draw praise from the club president .
`` They are one , the coach and the players . Diego Simeone is phenomenal and they have built a very strong team ''
If you have watched “ Kingsmans : The secret service ” , then you know who the French-Algerian actor Sofia Boutella is , or have at least seen them in action .
They were that sexy badass assassin with prosthetic legs .
Sofia also starred in star trek beyond , where they played the role of “ Jaylah ” , a survivor of an attack by Krall ( The villian of the movie ) . For years , Jaylah lived in the starship USS Franklin on the planet Altamid . In 2263 , Jaylah helped the crew of the USS Enterprise , after it was destroyed , to fight and defeat Krall , leaving Altamid in the process .
Sofia seems to be moving up in the world , because they are also set to star in the upcoming Tom Cruise movie , “ The Mummy ( 2017 ) ” . In this one , she 's playing “ Princess Ahmanet ” , a dead Egyptian princess who is resurrected from their slumber and then proceeds to fuck shit up . You know , normal mummy stuff .
Since Sofia Boutella hails from Algeria ( A country that is only 3 hours away from Egypt ) , you 'd expect that Social Justice warriors would be glad that Hollywood was casting actors to play roles based on their backgrounds ( Something they keep demanding ) . But NO .
Apparently , Sofia looks too “ white ” to be playing a black character ( Nevermind the fact that ancient Egyptians were n't black to begin with ) . Apparently the fact that they look “ western ” means that they have to be a white person , and since doing a simple Google search is too hard , they decided to go online instead to complain about “ cultural appropriation ” .
Enter idiotic comments :
Basically these people are offended by the fact that a person of African descent is playing an African character .
Seriously , it only takes one google search :
Watch the trailer for The Mummy ( 2017 ) below :
Israel First thriving in Governor Romney 's camp — and still trying to get me fired , silenced
By Michael Scheuer
October 27 , 2012 `` Information Clearing House `` -Readers of this blog will recall several previous battles I have been engaged in with Israel-Firsters intent on getting me fired from various jobs and banned from the media . In these efforts , the Israel-Firsters have had some success .
Well , things on this score had been quiet for a while , but last week a new e-mail campaign began against me , one that is directed at FOX NEWS and Georgetown University . I commented acidly or flippantly to most of these notes , but it became clear that this campaign was different from the others in that the three e-mail writers — blewis3h @ yahoo.com , mgilbertc @ yahoo.com , and lisabandrea @ yahoo.com — implied in their missives to FOX and Georgetown that a senior foreign policy adviser to Governor Romney named Gabrial Schoenfeld was either driving , involved in , or cooperating with their efforts . [ NB : Readers of this blog also will recall that Mr. Schoenfeld slandered and lied about me repeatedly while they were a writer at Commentary , Israel-First 's flagship publication . ]
Defamation of me by OpEd writers in the private sector is fair enough ; after all , the public square is a rough place and when scurvy people the likes of Mr. Schoenfeld can not refute a person 's argument with substance , they only has slander , lies , and defamation in their arsenal .
I was , however , a bit put out that someone advising and being paid by Governor “ Jobs-for-All ” Romney apparently was using their position to encourage an effort to again cost me employment . So , I sent a letter to Governor Romney 's campaign spokesperson , Mr. Kevin Madden .
What follows is ( 1 ) a sample of the notes sent to FOX , as well as one sent to me which recounts Israel First 's earlier victories against my income and public voice ; ( 2 ) the note I sent to Governor Romney 's spokesperson , which includes three of the notes sent by lisabandrea @ yahoo.com , two to Georgetown and one to me clearly suggesting Mr. Schoenfeld 's cooperation and/or participation in the attacks on me ; and , ( 3 ) the non-response response I received from Governor Romney 's spokesperson , Kevin Madden .
Readers can read the following material and decide for themselves what it means . For myself , I can only conclude that it validates this blog ‘ s long-held contention that there is not a nickel ‘ s worth of difference between the two parties on foreign policy , and that their interventionist policies in the Muslim world will keep America at war with an increasing segment of Islam for the foreseeable future .
————————————————————–
–TO FOX : from mgilbertc @ yahoo.com , Sat , Oct 20 , 2012 7:31 pm
Mr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX , it 's unfortunate you provided an outlet for Michael Scheuer to articulate their well-known anti-Semitic rants , such as their paranoid claim that “ Israel owns the US Congress ” Scheuer 's psychiatric disorder is infamous : The Weekly Standard , whose editor , Bill Kristol , appears regularly on Fox News , documents Scheuer 's sickness : http : //www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/005/249irrsq.asp Jeffrey Goldberg , of the highly respected publication The Atlantic and a recipient of the National Magazine Award for reporting , wrote about Scheuer 's anti-Semitic hysterics : http : //www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2009/03/scheuer-emanuel-is-a-treasonous-israel-firster/9841/ You should have greater respect for your program and for the intellect of your audience . M.Gilbert
–TO FOX : from mgilbertc @ yahoo.com , Oct 21 , 2012 9:50 am
Mr. XXXXXXXXXXXXX : Michael Scheuer , who recently appeared on your program , receives high praise from David Duke [ links below ] , the notorious former klansman and bigot , racist and anti-Semite , for Scheuer 's anti-Semitic and Israel-bashing tirades . What were you thinking in having Scheuer on your show ? http : //www.davidduke.com/ ? p=4143 http : //www.davidduke.com/ ? p=15530
–TO : scheuer @ aol.com from mgilbertc @ yahoo.com , Mon , Oct 22 , 2012 11:27 pm
You wo n't be autographing any employment contracts at Jamestown Foundation , Fox News , CNN and several other think tanks and news organizations aware of your psychiatric disorder and allegations of an incompetent career at the CIA and falsified statements made to the government and pertaining to your career , as highlighted by the highly respected Gabriel Schoenfeld , who holds a PhD in government from Harvard , in contrast to your bogus degree from a diploma mill . It 's a nightmare to be you . [ M. Gilbert ]
————————————————————
When mgilbertc @ yahoo.com mentioned the Israel-Firster Gabriel Schoenfeld it rang a bell in that I had read several media pieces saying that they were a “ senior foreign policy adviser ” to Governor Romney . I also knew the name from their attacks on me when they have a writer at Commentary . Then , in the next few days , several deans at Georgetown received notes from lisabandrea @ yahoo.com regurgitating much of the defaming material contained in the notes sent to FOX by mgilbertc @ yahoo.com and blewis3h @ yahoo.com . In the lisabandrea @ yahoo.com notes , however , there was a new twist that strongly suggested Governor Romney 's senior foreign policy adviser Gabriel Schoenfeld was involved in the campaign to get me fired from Georgetown and banned at FOX .
At this point I decided to write to Governor Romney 's spokesperson to ask if the Romney campaign had approved this attack on me livelihood , and if it had put Mr. Schoenfeld in charge of the attacks . I sent a note it to Governor Romney 's spokesperson , Kevin Madden , and put the matter to them as follows :
—————————————————————-
—–Original Message—–
From : scheuermf
To : madden
Sent : Wed , Oct 24 , 2012 9:47 am
Subject : Has Governor Romney authorized these actions by their adviser Mr. Gabriel Schoenfeld ?
Mr. Madden :
For the past week or so a senior foreign-policy adviser to Governor Romney named Gabriel Schoenfeld appears to have been running an e-mail campaign that has described me as an anti-Semite and a liar in an effort to get me dismissed from my post at Georgetown 's graduate school , as well as to prevent me from appearing again on the FOX network . Other people are writing the defamatory notes to various Georgetown deans and to several of the most-senior anchors at FOX and they are offering Mr. Schoenfeld to testify against me . Mr. Schoenfeld has been involved in several of these campaigns against me when they worked for Commentary magazine . The last time this they and their colleagues did this , about two years ago ; they got me fired from the Jamestown Foundation , banned from CNN , but were unable to move Georgetown or FOX . I do n't know how things will turn out this time .
The e-mail addresses being used by the people who are writing these defamatory notes — perhaps at Mr. Schoenfeld 's direction– are blewis3h @ yahoo.com , mgilbertc @ yahoo.com , and lisabandrea @ yahoo.com . Following are the texts of three of the notes Ms. Andrea sent to two Georgetown deans apparently with Mr. Schoenfeld 's authorization . I have deleted the names of the Georgetown officials from the notes , pending your response , but will include all data in my published piece . I would of course be happy to send you copies of all the defamatory notes sent from the three e-mail addresses above if you would like to read them .
——————————————————————
1 . ) TO : GEORGETOWN DEAN FROM lisabandrea @ yahoo.com , Mon , Oct 22 , 2012 3:45 pm
Dear Dean XXXXX , I 'm concerned over the professional and personal conduct of a member of Georgetown 's Center for Security Studies faculty , Michael Scheuer , alleged in the Weekly Standard publication [ link below ] and how it reflects on the integrity of Georgetown University . http : //www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/014/084zuzpe.asp ? page=1 I contacted Mr. Scheuer 's director , XXXXXX , about the article , written by a prominent public figure who holds a PhD in government from Harvard and who is an advisor to Mitt Romney , however , XXXXX dismissed it as inaccurate . Mr. XXXXX was asked for specific inaccuracies and flatly refused to do so . I look forward to your thoughts on this matter . Thank you , Lisa Andrea
2 . ) On 10/22/12 2:12 PM , Lisa Andrea wrote :
Mr. XXXX , I 'm in touch with Gabriel Schoenfeld , whose article on Michael Scheuer you have called inaccurate . Mr. Schoenfeld has asked me to find out from you the specific inaccuracies of their article . Looking forward to your response . Lisa
3 . ) From : Lisa Andrea To : scheuermf
Sent : Tue , Oct 23 , 2012 1:13 pm
Subject : Re : Follow-Up To Dean XXXXX
Perhaps , you 'll need to defend yourself to Dean XXXXX . Gabriel Schoenfeld is amenable to defending their article about you and the allegations of professional failures and false statements made to the government and about your resume .
————————————————————–
I 'm writing to ask if Governor Romney has authorized this effort to make me unemployed . I can not imagine that they want to put an American out of work — given their campaign rhetoric — but since Mr. Schoenfeld apparently works closely with him , I wanted to ask whether the Governor has endorsed their adviser 's campaign before I publish an account of what has transpired on my blog and a dozen or so others .
I regret sending this note to you out of the blue , but I supported Dr. Paul during the primaries and had no contacts in the Romney campaign . I have cc'ed two journalists at XXXXXX on this note as that organization was kind enough to give me your contact data .
Respectfully ,
Michael F. Scheuer
Mclean , Virginia
—————————————————————–
With no answer from Mr. Madden , I resent my note to them on the next morning :
——————————————————————
–On Oct 25 , 2012 , at 6:21 AM , scheuermf @ aol.com wrote :
Mr. Madden ,
I am resending this note on the chance that my first mailing misfired .
I would very much appreciate a response from you today . I realize that you have much more important things on your mind , but I suppose you can imagine that continuing to earn a living and not being blocked in the exercise my 1st Amendment rights are foremost in my mind .
As they say , silence connotes consent , so if I do not hear from you I must assume that the participation of Mr. Schoenfeld in a campaign to deny me employment and a voice in America 's debate on foreign policy has the consent of Governor Romney and their advisers . If you look at Commentary 's website and search on my name and Mr. Schoenfeld 's name you will see that they have been defaming me for half a dozen years . When they were doing that in the public prints it was fair enough . I will not , however , silently brook such abuse from someone who is the paid foreign-policy adviser of a man who wants to be president , a man who would disagree with my views on foreign policy and might well prefer my silence .
Please let me know what you think . If you need more of the texts of the many recent defaming e-mails that have seen sent about me by what appears to be Mr. Schoenfeld 's team or at least their associates , I will be glad to send them to you . Or you can wait and read them on my blog and a good number of others in the next few days .
Respectfully ,
Michael F. Scheuer
Mclean , Virginia
——————————————————————-
Mr. Madden answered as follows , and so far has failed to respond to a subsequent note from me asking who I should contact in the Romney campaign :
——————————————————————-
From : Kevin Madden
To : scheuermf
Sent : Thu , Oct 25 , 2012 7:35 am
Subject : Re : Has Governor Romney authorized these actions by their adviser Mr. Gabriel Schoenfeld ?
Mr. Scheuer : I know nothing about this . I 'm also not sure why the inquiry would be directed to me .
——————————————————————-
Michael Scheuer is the author of ‘ Imperial Hubris ' and former chief of the CIA 's Bin Laden Issue Station - www.non-intervention.com
Scroll down to add / read comments Sign up for our FREE Email Newsletter For Email Marketing you can trust Support Information Clearing House Monthly Subscription To Information Clearing House Option 1 : $ 5.00USD - monthly Option 2 : $ 10.00USD - monthly Option 3 : $ 15.00USD - monthly Option 4 : $ 20.00USD - monthly Option 5 : $ 35.00USD - monthly Option 6 : $ 50.00USD - monthly Option 7 : $ 100.00USD - monthly Search Information Clearing House
After over 10 years and about $ 4 billion , the World Trade Center Transportation Hub 's Santiago Calatrava-designed Oculus is set to open in early March , Politico New York reported . The structure has been plagued by cost overruns , the price having just about doubled . The official World Trade Center website says it will deliver `` unmatched mass transit , '' connecting 11 subway lines ( A , C , E , J , Z , R , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ) , the PATH system , several MTA bus routes , ferry service , and parking garages .
The report said that the new hub will serve 200,000 passengers , about a third of the 600,000 currently served by Penn Station . The temporary World Trade Center PATH station serves 44,000 .
Cost overruns and other delays have not been easy on Calatrava . `` I have been treated like a dog , '' they told the Wall Street Journal .
Not date was cited for the mall 's opening , but it has been plagued by leaks . The new Eataly outpost , however , will open in the spring .
· Sources : World Trade Center Oculus to open in March [ Politico New York ]
· WTC Transportation Hub [ Official ]
· World Trade Center Station 's Troubles Take Toll on Architect [ WSJ ]
Keith Olbermann on Trump 's 'sanity crisis ' ( Screen capture )
Keith Olbermann said on Friday that they are trying a different approach to communicating with Trump supporters .
“ So you support Donald Trump , ” they said in a new video . “ I 'm not going to yell . I 'm not going to say you 're wrong . ”
“ I 'm not going to talk about their policies . I 'm not going to talk about their promises , ” they assured viewers before explaining that he 's not trying to re-litigate the election or have Hillary Clinton installed in the White House .
“ This is about them and you , ” they said . “ So , let 's go in under the assumption that you 're smarter than I am , in which case you already know what my point is going to be . ”
It 's difficult to choose an analogous political figure among Democrats , Olbermann said , but asked that we consider where the country would be if John Edwards or Anthony Wiener had been elected president before news of their sexual misconduct broke .
“ So I have not been where you are right now , but close , ” Olbermann said to any Trump supporters who might be watching .
“ There is something really , really wrong with him , ” they said of the president-elect .
They then ran down a list of bizarre tweets and public statements from Trump including their wildly tone-deaf holiday greetings and sycophantic tweets sucking up to Russian Pres . Vladimir Putin .
“ Who defends a Russian dictator ahead of an American president ? ” demanded Olbermann . “ Any American president ? ”
“ There 's something wrong with him , ” they reiterated . “ To pretend that there is n't something wrong with him , you have to pretend really hard . ”
“ I wish it were not true , ” Olbermann said , “ but we have elected a man who is not all there — and that can not end happily for anybody . ”
“ His illness — and it is an illness — is putting you at risk and your family at risk and your kids and my family and everybody we know , the ones we like and the ones we do n't , ” they said . “ Something bad will happen and whatever they do will make it worse and it will all be clear that he 's not healthy enough to be the president and they will have to remove him . ”
They concluded by saying that he 's not asking Trump supporters to do anything or say anything to anyone , just to admit to themselves that Trump is not well . They asked them to bear that in mind when the Republicans have to remove them from office because “ they will probably have to do it in a hurry . ”
“ And as a Republican or as a conservative or as a Democrat or as an American or whichever way you describe yourself , ” they said , “ it will be a lot easier and a lot safer for all of us if you have prepared yourself and you help them remove them — because they are not well . ”
Watch the video , embedded below :
These lacunae perforating the earth below Nottingham 's modern housing have served as tanneries , cess pits , dungeons , summer homes , malt kilns , sand quarries , wine cellars , meat-curing rooms , decorative follies , pigeon coops and allegedly a bowling alley , although I 'm having a hard time finding corroboration for that one . Edward III 's army is said to have used a tunnel called `` Mortimer 's Hole '' in 1330 to slip into town and capture the rebellious nobleman Roger de Mortimer . The Sheriff of Nottingham reputedly ensconced Robin Hood in a dank pit that was later used as a prison chapel . During World War II , the British fled into the cave system to avoid air raids , and at one point it also housed glowing stocks of radium .
If ever there was a true race of Mole People , they probably came out of Nottingham . The inhabitants of this legendary British city have been mining the soft sandstone ridge below them for more than a thousand years , hollowing out a complex labyrinth of roughly 450 caverns , the extent of which is still not fully understood .
Back in the 18th century , the joyless warren served as a sort of affordable housing option for the poor . According to one anonymous commentator from the period : `` If a man is poor they had only to go to Nottingham with a matlock , a shovel , a crow , an iron , a chisel or a mallet , and with such instruments they may play mole and work themselves a hole or burrow for their [ incredibly grateful ] family . '' ( Brackets mine . )
The earthy bowels you see in the image above is `` King David 's Dungeon '' below Nottingham Castle , once a crash pad for a luckless 14th-century Scottish monarch . The unusual visualization was created by researchers at Nottingham Caves Survey , an organization devoted to making the world 's first comprehensive , three-dimensional map of the cave network . It 's only taken about a dozen centuries for this project to come to fruition : The first mention of Nottingham 's caves was made by a Welsh monk in the 800s , back when people were still calling the town `` Snotengaham , '' after the delightfully named Saxon chief , Snot .
The folks at the cave survey hope their work will illuminate the historical or archeological importance of some of the buried structures ( other spaces that served as pub cellars or toilets will likely be ignored ) . They are updating a previous mapping effort by the British Geological Survey in the 1980s , using modernized tools like a radar scanner that makes as many as 550,000 survey points each second .
You can see the current results of the radar exploration in these immersive videos of the cave 's interior . If you want to delve further into the dark matrix , the Caves Survey has an interactive spelunking map . BLDG blog also recently visited the site with the leader of the survey , and in an entertaining account of the trip lets us in on the factoid that a cave once held a `` museum of obsolete vacuum parts . ''
A flythrough of `` Columns Cave , '' cut into the rock for decorative purposes by Victorian lace manufacturer Thomas Herbert :
The `` Rock Cemetery '' caves , an abandoned sand mine later turned into an 1800s graveyard :
The caves beneath `` Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem '' pub , allegedly the oldest inn in the country :
The mysterious , Thing-like object blocking Seattle tunnel-boring project has finally been revealed after weeks of investigation . Sadly , it was n't an 18th century shipwreck or a glacial boulder , as many speculated . In the end , the culprit was a steel well casing left behind by an exploratory groundwater project back in 2002 . The pipe should have been removed when the project finished or , failing that , removed in preparation for the well-boring project , but miscommunication between the teams meant it was n't discovered until the project was fully underway . Nevertheless , the well was on the initial maps of the region , as workers were quick to point out . `` I do n't want people to say WSDOT did n't know where its own pipe was , '' Department of Transportation spokesperson Lars Erickson told The Seattle Times , `` because it did . ''
VENICE ( CBSLA.com ) — Vandals defaced a memorial to Vietnam war veterans in Venice – an awful sight on this Memorial Day weekend .
Stewart Oscars welled up as they looked at the vandalized mural located on Pacific Avenue near Sunset Court . It was covered in graffiti from end to end .
“ This knocked me out . So sickening . Just sadness…think of all these people . They 're gone , ” Oscars said . “ I remember the Vietnam war and how friends went to war , and bodies came back . Somehow , it has to be taught that this is not a good idea . This is actually stupid . ”
The memorial was dedicated to service members who were listed as missing in action during the Vietnam War .
George Francisco is the Vice President of the Venice Chamber of Commerce . They also run a nonprofit called Veterans Foundation Incorporated .
“ It 's a desecration . I mean it 's very simple . There 's no sort of other way around it . It is n't graffitied , ” Francisco said .
In March , Francisco helped to bring a replica of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial to Venice Beach . Their father was a combat veteran in that war and also helped organize the effort to put up the mural in the late 1980 's .
“ I 've known the sacrifices these people made in an incredibly unpopular war . So to continue the mistreatment of Vietnam veterans is somewhat shocking , somewhat shocking and quite sad , ” Francisco added .
People on this street said the memorial was tagged a few days ago . They said the graffiti matches some of the other ones in the neighborhood .
The Los Angeles Police Department said it is not investigating the case .
CBS2/KCAL9 's Jeff Nguyen reached out to L.A. City Councilman Mike Bonin , whose district includes Venice to see if anything can be done but has not heard back as of Friday night .
Among NoozWeek 's Top 5 are 2 motorcycle crashes , a house fire that displaces 3 , David Lack 's going to prison , and Westlake Village , ‘ the Santa Barbara to the east '
There were 74,991 people who read Noozhawk this past week . What 's my take on your top stories ? I 'm glad you asked .
Santa Barbara police and firefighters zipped over to East Victoria Street on the afternoon of Nov. 7 , responding to a report of a man found lying unresponsive on the pavement near the Victoria Market at Olive Street .
“ Fire and medics worked to revive the man for quite a while , ” police Sgt . Brian Jensen told Noozhawk .
But it was not to be , and they were declared dead at the scene .
Police said the death did not appear to be suspicious . The man — whose identity was not immediately disclosed — appeared to have been working on their small recreational vehicle , which was parked where they were found .
The Santa Barbara County Coroner 's Bureau is investigating .
In one of Santa Barbara 's typical six degrees of separation , I learned later that a friend of mine had been driving past , thought they saw a dead body , stopped and discovered it was a dead body , and gamely administered CPR until emergency crews arrived .
I 'm told the dead man was homeless and had been living in their vehicle , often at that location .
After my column was posted , Noozhawk reader Cheri Rae , who lives in the neighborhood , contacted me with more information . It turns out it 's more heart-breaking than even the bleak circumstances suggested .
Cheri said the dead man 's name was Richard Springer , they were 73 years old , and they had been quietly living in their minivan at that precise location for more than 15 years . The Ohio native with piercing blue eyes was well known to residents , who seemed to accept and respect the unusual living arrangement as part of the fabric of life in the eclectic neighborhood of neatly kept bungalows .
On Veterans Day , more than 30 of them gathered outside Victoria Market to share their memories of the former Army medic .
“ His presence was very important ; they bent , broke some stereotypes and provided us with a different perspective , ” Cheri quoted one neighbor as saying . “ We went way beyond tolerance into acceptance . ”
R.I.P .
A motorcycle and an SUV collided on Cathedral Oaks Road near Highway 154 on Nov. 10 . The motorcyclist took the brunt of that hit .
According to the California Highway Patrol , the crash occurred around 3 p.m. when the motorcyclist , riding west on Cathedral Oaks , ran into a GMC SUV , which was coming off the southbound exit ramp from Highway 154 .
The motorcyclist was taken to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital with moderate injuries . The SUV driver was not hurt .
Early the next morning , another motorcycle collided with a vehicle in front of the Goleta Public Library in the 400 block of North Fairview Avenue .
Two people were injured in that crash and , again , it was the motorcyclist who got the worst of it . They were taken by ambulance to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital with serious injuries .
Both incidents remain under investigation , the CHP said .
Three Santa Barbara residents were displaced after a fire broke out at their Upper Chapala Street home the night of Nov. 6 . There were no injuries in the blaze .
According to Fire Battalion Chief Robert Mercado , the fire was reported around 8:30 p.m. at the single-story house in the 2000 block of Chapala Street , between Mission and West Padre streets .
Firefighters quickly quelled the fire , which started in a back bedroom . Mercado said the blaze appeared to be accidental , and damages were estimated at $ 40,000 .
The male resident of the unit was not home at the time of the fire , but a woman in an adjacent unit was able to escape with their dogs . Them husband also was not at home at the time .
The American Red Cross-Santa Barbara County Chapter helped find alternative lodging for the primary resident , who also received financial assistance through a new SBFD initiative , the Supplying Aid to Victims of Emergency program .
The couple at the home planned to stay with neighbors .
Disgraced Santa Barbara contractor David Lack has been sentenced to nearly 10 years in state prison after being found guilty of stealing more than $ 1.5 million from two Santa Barbara banks and a former friend .
Lack , president of Lack Construction Co. , was convicted of three counts of grand theft in the case , which involved defaulting on more than $ 1.2 million in commercial loans — one from The Bank of Santa Barbara and the other from Rabobank — as well as a $ 300,000 personal loan from a woman who thought they were their friend .
The jury could n't agree on a fourth count of filing a false tax return , although I imagine the IRS has its own way of settling scores .
On Nov. 6 , Santa Barbara County Superior Court Judge Jean Dandona sentenced Lack to nine years and eight months in prison . They also ordered them to pay restitution in the amount of $ 1.2 million to The Bank of Santa Barbara , $ 600,500 to Rabobank and $ 300,000 to their former friend , Mary Belle Snow . That 's a lot of license plates to make .
Earlier this year , Lack was charged separately with tax evasion , failure to pay unemployment insurance , workers ' compensation fraud , contracting while their contractor 's license was suspended , and grand theft . If convicted on those charges , they face an additional 11 years and eight months in the slammer .
A preliminary hearing on the second case is set for Nov. 21 .
A child of the 1960s , Westlake Village is not generally known as “ the Santa Barbara to the east. ” Sure , many of the demographics are similar . And , as a prototype of large-scale master planning , there 's no doubt our local busybodies salivate over that kind of code enforcement power .
But I suspect some Santa Barbarans look down on Westlake Village as nouveau riche . I also suspect that Westlake Village people could not care less , or , if they do , they console themselves by laughing all the way to their banks .
Entrepreneurial Santa Barbara restaurateurs are taking a much different view of Westlake Village these days ; they see a bounty of opportunity .
At the relatively new shopping center , The Shoppes at Westlake Village ( take the Lindero Canyon Road exit on Highway 101 ) , Westlake Villagers are enjoying or soon-to-be enjoying such Santa Barbara staples as Figueroa Mountain Brewing Company , Jeannine 's Bakery , Los Agaves Restaurant , Olio e Limone Ristorante , Olio Pizzeria and Hook Burger , which is the brainchild of Santa Barbara 's Brent Reichard of The Habit fame so we 'll claim it , too .
“ We 've had Westlake Village on our radar for over eight years now , ” my friend , Olio empire owner Elaine Andersen Morello , told our Gina Potthoff . “ It 's a logical extension of our brand , without going deep into L.A . ”
According to Dan Selleck , president of Selleck Development Group , Santa Barbara businesses account for almost 22 percent of their Shoppes shopping center at 30770 Russell Ranch Road .
And if that 's not enough reason for a road trip , The Shoppes also boasts In-N-Out Burger and a brand-spanking new Target .
• • •
This animation depicts a robotic spacecraft landing on a comet traveling at 83,885 mph . Think it ca n't happen in real life ? It just did .
( European Space Agency video )
• • •
If you value our unmatched breaking news and in-depth reporting on the issues that you care about , please support our experienced staff of professional journalists and help us continue to provide a vital forum for the community .
How can you help ?
» Join our Hawks Club .
Membership Options
IMF increases pressure on Slovenia
By Markus Salzmann
7 February 2014
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) is increasing pressure on Slovenia to reduce its budget deficit and pay for the costs of the bailout of the banks by layoffs in the public service , cuts to social spending and privatisation of publicly owned companies .
In a press release dated January 17 , the IMF 's executive board recommended “ more ambitious public employment reduction , better targeting of social transfers , and specific cuts in transfers and subsidies. ” The statement went on : “ Reducing the role of the state , including through privatisation , is particularly important . ”
The IMF report upon which the recommendations are based paints a picture of the terrible economic and social conditions prevailing in this country located between the Alps and the Adriatic Sea . Twenty-three years after its separation from Yugoslavia and the introduction of capitalism—after having once been the model state within Yugoslavia—Slovenia finds itself in an economic blind alley .
“ The combination of an overly indebted corporate sector and weak banks has led to a vicious circle of deepening recession , mounting bankruptcies , rising nonperforming loans ( NPLs ) , and further deleveraging , ” the IMF wrote . “ The economy now has contracted for eight consecutive quarters , after a sharp contraction in investment…weighed down by deep fiscal cuts , stagnant wages , and growing uncertainty… . Real GDP has fallen by 11 percent from its pre-crisis peak , the largest output loss among the euro area members after Greece . ”
Both the private and public sectors are highly indebted , the report stated . “ Public debt has more than doubled since 2008 , reaching 55 percent of GDP by end-2012 , and is set to increase sharply after bank restructuring , ” according to the IMF . As a consequence , interest rates for state debt are “ about 2 percentage points higher than in similarly rated Spain and Italy. ” Companies must pay on average 90 percent of profits on interest : “ the average interest bill to earnings ratio has reached 90 percent , pushing into the red companies that might be viable with lower debt . ”
The economy is also to contract by 1.7 percent this year , and state indebtedness will rise to 78 percent of GDP . The three largest banks , including the Nova Ljubijanska Banka , have received around €3 billion ( US $ 4 billion ) in public funds to prevent their collapse . Two smaller banks went bankrupt last year .
The recipe being proposed by the IMF to resolve the crisis will only deepen it further . Layoffs , social cutbacks and wage cuts will intensify the recession , while the profits of the international and Slovenian banks will rise .
The Slovenia chamber of trade and commerce ( GZS ) has also demanded stepped-up reforms . Bank bailouts and debt reduction were not enough , stated GZS president Samo Hribar Milic . Fundamental reforms in the health care system and changes to labour laws were necessary .
Prime Minister Alenka Bratusek is currently trying to impose deep cuts in health care . Recently , they proposed the former president of the court of auditors , Igor Šoltes , as future health minister . Their predecessor resigned in November , after their attempted reforms had failed .
Slovenia is not unique . In several other eastern European countries , economic conditions are catastrophic . The position of the banks is becoming ever more precarious . Banks in western Europe have been rolling back financing for their subsidiaries in eastern Europe significantly since 2011 . In the second half of 2013 , this trend accelerated further , according to figures from the IMF and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) .
Asim Husain , vice president of the IMF 's European division , views this as a “ development which is significant and cause for concern. ” In Slovenia and Hungary , in particular , funds had dropped by the equivalent of roughly 20 percent of economic output . There has also been a major capital outflow in Croatia , Romania and Serbia , they said .
Western European banks have withdrawn a total of approximately €120 billion from the region since the global financial crisis of 2008 . However , the funds from the “ recent wave of capital flight from the second half of 2013 have not yet been counted within this , ” reported the Austrian daily Der Standard . In addition , businesses are massively indebted , and the economy in countries such as Romania and Hungary has been stagnant for some time .
The EBRD decided in 2008 that Slovenia no longer required support . Six years later , the bank has now corrected its verdict . It has opened a new office in Slovenia and will support the government with the reform of the financial sector , the sale of 15 state-owned companies , which are being sold virtually free of charge , and the reorganisation of the heavily indebted business sector .
The EBRD has to date praised the Bratusek government for its strict programme of spending cuts and reforms . Disagreements have emerged recently , however , as with the government 's decision to maintain a minority stake in the Nova Ljubijanska Banka , which blocked its full privatisation .
The privatisation of 15 state-owned companies selected by the government last year is currently under way . Gores Group , an investment firm with its headquarters in Los Angeles , has had its bid accepted for a majority stake in the firm Fotoma , which specialises in the production of laser technology for medical , dental and aesthetic use , and has been extremely profitable thus far . The final takeover is to take place in this quarter .
Negotiations for another dozen state-owned companies will continue in the coming months . These include Telekom , Ljubijana Airport , the airline Adria Airways , and the country 's second largest bank , NKBN . There are two interested parties in NKBN—the Hungarian OTP and the EBRD .
The supermarket chain Mercator is to be sold to its Croatian rival Agrokor . Negotiations have been ongoing since 2011 and had previously failed mainly due to the low offers from Agrokor . Under pressure from the government , a rapid sale is now more likely .
The government can rely on the trade unions to support privatisation , which has been met with widespread opposition among the population . Lidija Jerkic , chair of the metalworkers union , welcomed privatisation as the only option left in the face of the economic crisis .
The trade unions collaborated with the privatisation of the paint manufacturer Helios and justified it to the workforce .
Bruno Reja , the trade union representative for Fotoma , stated on the company 's takeover by a US investor that one could “ only hope ” that the company would remain in its current form . At the same time , they prepared the workforce for layoffs to come , commenting , “ We do expect drastic changes , however , as happened with other companies sold to foreigners , like layoffs or closing of whole departments . ”
The Social Democrats , in coalition with Positive Slovenia , are in agreement with the austerity programme . While they regularly campaigned against spending cuts and privatisations in order to contain public anger , they now stand firmly behind Bratusek .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Thank you for visiting Herbs and Oils Hub ! !
Katherine has collected 20 different things you can do to improve your memory . They include lifestyle changes , strategies , memory tricks and the use of herbs like rosemary ( pictured above ) .
As they mention , almost everyone has memory lapses . They 're usually not a sign of a serious problem . But memory lapses are annoying , and their tips may help you to retrieve information more quickly and easily .
To see all of Katherine 's memory tips , click on the 20 Best Tips to Improve Memory link below .
For those who are interested , I wanted to explore the process of memory a bit . I think many people think memory is stored like information in a book – by year , day and time . Memory is far more complex and wonderful than that . Please note that I have just a very basic understanding of the process , but I find it fascinating .
To start with , here 's an example . When you met your first boyfriend or first girlfriend , you probably had a lot of different perceptions : eye color , facial structure , attractiveness , body structure , clothing , the smell of their perfume or cologne , the sound of their voice , the location , how you felt emotionally , where you met and so on .
All of these impressions went to a part of your brain called the hippocampus . The hippocampus and frontal cortex decided if all of the impressions would be stored in sensory memory ( very brief ) , short term memory , or long term memory .
Here 's the amazing thing . For long term memory…the elements of the memory are stored separately in different parts of the brain . In other words , when you have an experience that 's going to be stored in long-term memory , the experience is really broken up into smaller related elements like puzzle pieces , encoded , and the encoded pieces are stored in different parts of the cortex . Also , the brain uses chemicals ( protein molecules ) to physically store each encoded memory or memory element
It 's important to understand how information moves through the brain . The brain moves messages and information through the use of neurons . A neuron is a complex cell that communicates by electro-chemical signaling . Each neuron has an electrical voltage and fires off electrical pulses . An electrical pulse can travel from one neuron across a specialized connection called a synapse to another neuron .
Each neuron forms thousands of these connections with other neurons . When a neuron receives a piece of information , it fires off an electrical pulse . This causes neurotransmitters to release chemicals , which carry the message across the synapse to the next neuron . That neuron receives the message and then fires off its own pulse , which sends the message to the next neuron .
So long-term memories are stored as groups of neurons . Any related visual , sensory , or emotional components of the memory are stored in neurons in the appropriate part of the brain . To retrieve a memory , the neurons can be fired as a group in the same pattern that was used during the original event , e.g . meeting your first boyfriend or girlfriend . The stronger the links or pathways , the faster you can retrieve the memory .
Sometimes we have trouble remembering though . Memory loss is a concern at any age . As Katherine points out in their article , memory loss can be the result of fatigue or stress . It 's also possible you were n't really focusing enough on the initial fact or experience . As a result , the fact or experience was n't encoded and stored . In other words , the fact or experience never made it to your memory . Finally , it 's also true that as we age there can be some physical changes to the brain that can make it more difficult to remember facts or events .
The process of experiencing an event , encoding it , storing it as a memory and then later retrieving the memory is an amazing and wonderful process !
Again , to see 20 tips to improve your memory , click on the 20 Best Tips to Improve Memory link below .
C++ Trivia Question : Given int x which of the following is true ?
x < ( int ) ( float ) x x == ( int ) ( float ) x x > ( int ) ( float ) x
I 'll give you a moment to think . Both int and float types are 32 bits . Proceed when ready .
The correct answer is… All of the above and then some . It can also cause an integer overflow which is an undefined operation . How delightful . Thanks C++ !
Real World Bug
The inspiration for this post came from an actual bug in Planetary Annihilation . Here 's what that situation looked like .
float rate = ... ; // may be very small float amount = ... ; // may be relatively large float seconds_left = amount / rate ; // may be VERY large int ms_left = secondsToMilliseconds ( seconds_left ) ; // DANGER ! int end_time = current_time + ms_left ; // DANGER : may overflow
The context is a fabber unit constructing a building . It 's building at some rate . There is some amount left to build . It calculates the build time left in seconds as a float . That value is converted from float seconds to int milliseconds . That value is added to the current build time to store the exact time the building will be complete .
Seems reasonable . 2^31 milliseconds gives you 24.86 days of uniform time which almost always enough1 . Almost .
In some rare cases it worked out that a fabber 's build rate was so small ( for a single tick ) it would n't finish construction for 25+ days . The integer overflowed and the game crashed itself shortly thereafter due to bad data . Kaboom !
Fixing the Bug
There are a few places this bug could be fixed .
Check if rate is sufficiently small .
Check if seconds_left is sufficiently large .
Check if ms_left is sufficiently large it overflows when added to current_time .
My issue with This is the vagueness of ‘ sufficiently ' . We could ballpark it .
if ( rate < .0001f ) { ... } if ( seconds_left > 1073741824.f ) { ... } if ( 2147483647 - current_time > = ms_left ) { ... }
Gross . That 's hand wavey magic number crap . It 's not even good magic number crap either . It 'd maybe possibly fix the bug in some cases but not all . I know we can do better .
Perfect Prevention
This led me to a question . Is it possible to perfectly predict which floats will overflow when converted to an int ?
A 32-bit signed integer supports values from -2^31 to 2^31–1 . Any float values outside of that range will obviously not convert .
Also of interest is that that every integer can not be perfectly represented by a float . The further away from 0 a float gets the less precision it has . Here 's a handy dandy chart2 .
Source : Bruce Dawson
This chart tells us a few things . Given the floating point number 1000000000.f ( one billion ) the next float is 1000000064.f ( one billion sixty four ) . There are no 32-bit floating point numbers in between . You ca n't represent “ one billion and one ” or “ one billion and fifty ” exactly .
Now is when things start to get fun . The largest int is 2147483647 ( 2^31–1 ) . If you convert that int to a float it rounds up to 2147483650.0f . If you cast that back to an int you get an overflow !
int x = ( int ) ( float ) 2147483647 ; // OVERFLOW !
Other integers may round down when cast to float . Only some can be perfectly represented2 . That 's why the answer to the trivia question was all of the above and more .
Finding the Limits
Now that our trivia question is sufficiently answered it 's time to fix that damn bug . What floats , exactly , are safe to cast to an int .
Solving empirically , the largest integer that can be exactly represented as a float is 2147483520 aka 2^31–128 . The next floating point number after that is 2147483648f aka 2^31 which is just beyond the maximum int value of 2^31–1 3 .
Putting It All Together
What 's the final product look like ? First , the float to int overflow .
bool float_to_int_safe ( float f ) { const float max_safe = 2147483520.f ; // 2^31 - 128 const float low_safe = - 2147483648.f ; // -2^31 return std : : isfinite ( f ) & & f > = low_safe & & f < = max_safe ; }
Second , the int plus int overflow . I 'll leave understanding the details of this as an exercise for the reader .
bool int_add_safe ( int a , int b ) { if ( a > = 0 & & b > = 0 ) return INT_MAX - a > = b ; if ( a < 0 & & b < 0 ) return INT_MIN - a < = b ; return true ; }
Tada ! For the Planetary Annihilation bug the solution is to behave as if the rate is zero if any of the operations would cause an overflow . It 's like an epsilon check , but a really really precise one !
To be honest I 'm not comfortable calling these functions `` perfectly correct '' . The nuance required to get floating point operations perfectly correct is exceptional . I 'm sure I missed something but I do not know what . If you spot something please let me know in the comments3 .
Edit : After making this post someone immediately pointed out a bug . The original version of int_add_safe had the line const int min = 0x80000000 ; . That innocuous line is undefined behavior ! The goal is ended up with an int with that bit pattern . However that literal is an unsigned int of value 2^31 !
The correct thing to do here is use INT_MIN which appears in limits.h as # define INT_MIN ( -2147483647 - 1 ) . This goes to show that getting everything right is more than a little tricky4 .
Bonus Fun
Here are three inequalities that I find wonderfully weird .
( int_max - 190 ) < ( int ) ( float ) ( int_max - 190 ) ( int_max - 127 ) == ( int ) ( float ) ( int_max - 127 ) ( int_max - 64 ) > ( int ) ( float ) ( int_max - 64 )
It gets even better . What holds true depends on dynamic floating point round controls ! A single int converted to float may round up or down based on FPU settings .
This also means that a particular integer may or may not overflow when cast to a float and back . It all depends5 !
Again I say , thanks C++ !
Nasal Demons
There 's an important bit about undefined operations that I want to explicitly call out . It is absolutely mandatory that undefined operations be prevented before they occur . It is not enough to detect the operation after it happens .
To emphasize this point let me share with you one of my most favorite definitions .
nasal demons : noun . When the compiler encounters an undefined operation it is legal for it to make demons fly out of your nose . — John F. Woods
The compiler could even format your hard drive if it wanted to . Suffice to say that undefined operations , such as integer overflows , are a very bad thing .
Conclusions
Undefined operations are catastrophic and floats are deceptively nasty . The fact that int- > float- > int- > overflow can happen is remarkably counter-intuitive . Be careful out there !
Footnotes
It 's been a couple of weeks since I reported in , so let 's just right into it !
First up , a couple of Gamestop finds , as I fill up a few holes in my Wii library . Standard price for Mario 's Tennis , $ 17.99 used , but Opoona was a pleasant find at $ 4.99 . Heard good things about this slow paced action RPG , and for once , it was cheaper at Gamestop that it goes for online .
Speaking of online , I ordered a copy of Code of Princess from Amazon after the price drop , totally expecting the standard edition , but to my surprise I got a copy of the premium pre-order version ! Bonus ! I also got some random Game Boy game off eBay , Adventures of Star Saver . It 's an old Taito platformer/shooter ; hard as hell , but has some groovy music . At 99 cents , I actually paid more for shipping !
A quick stop at a pawn show revealed a handful of label-less GBA carts at the bottom of a box of old Atari crap . The guy behind the counter was asking $ 2 for each , but since there was no telling what games they were , they * generously * offered to sell me all eight for $ 15 cash . A * whole * dollar off , thanks guy .
And unfortunately , they all turned out to be Disney or Nickelodeon licensed garbage , except for one , which turned out to be the excellent Astro Boy : Omega Factor . How this Treasure developed shooter ended up in the collection of a deranged kid to loved to mutilate their games is beyond me , but I 'm glad I was able to save this copy from oblivion .
Now , off to the dirt mall !
One of the first booths had bins filled with old Happy Meal toys , and I was surprised to see a FlingSmash plush sitting on top ! I think it was some sort of Gamestop pre-order bonus , but seeing as how I 'm probably one of the few people on earth who actually liked the game , I picked it up , along with the Boo toy , for 25 cents each .
Another guy was selling these “ Game Boy games ” for $ 3 each . Niiiice .
The SNES games were a lucky score , as I came upon the seller 's table just as they were setting them out , along with a big sign that said “ Everything $ 1.00 ” .
The Genesis 3 was an interesting story… came upon one table loaded with gaming systems , including a Gamecube that looked like it had diet cola spilled on top of it . I saw the Genesis 3 and asked how much it was .
“ Hold on , ” the lady replied , “ I got ta look it up on my phone . ”
Oh geez , I thought , she 's looking it up on eBay . I simply hate it when people look up the price on eBay right in front of you . If I wanted to pay eBay prices , I 'd freak stay at home and buy it on eBay . I was just about to turn around and walk away when they walked back to me .
“ I do n't see it on here… uh , five bucks ? ”
Sold . It 's a pretty damn good deal , though it 's just the bare unit . I do n't collect Genesis stuff , but I have a friend who does , so it 'll be going to him .
Amid a stack of crappy Gamecube games , a couple of quality items for $ 2 each .
And finally , a Goodwill find . Browsing through the DVDs , I found a couple of DS games marked at $ 5 , Cooking Mama and Brain Age . I looked to see if the cartridge inside Cooking Mama had been stolen yet , and to my surprise it was still there . And upon opening up Brain Age…
Yeah , I should start looking in DS cases more often .
Advertisements
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Tags : 3DS , FlingSmash , GBA , Genesis , wii
Thousands of reverse proxies that provided access to blocked torrent sites such as The Pirate Bay and KickassTorrents have mysteriously disappeared . The vanished proxies are linked to the ProxyHouse operation and many of the associated domain names are now listed for sale .
In many countries across the world including the UK , Italy , Denmark and France , the leading torrent sites are no longer freely accessible .
Instead , the sites are blocked following court orders requested by the music , movie and publishing industries . These blockades have become widespread , but the same is true for tools to circumvent them .
One of the most popular ways to unblock a site is by using a reverse proxy . These proxies ‘ mirror ' the original sites on a new domain name , making them accessible again .
In recent years these proxies have been popping up left and right , but a few days ago thousands suddenly disappeared . Instead of granting access to the blocked torrent sites the associated domain names are now listed for sale .
The list of vanished domains is long and includes the popular “ piratelist.net ” overview site , as well as proxies such as kickasstorrents.nu , yify.me , extratorrent.ch , 1337x.link , piratebay.onl and many others .
Kickasstorrents.nu for sale
Upon close inspection we found out that the affected sites are all connected to the same operation , which operated under the “ ProxyHouse ” and “ ProxyAds ” handles . Both of these sites are now listed for sale as well .
The total number of sites that have disappeared is huge . ProxyHouse could not be reached for comment but the operator previously informed TF that they manage proxies under thousands of different domains .
“ At the moment , we are running over 17,000 proxy sites for KickassTorrents , ThePirateBay , YTS , ExtraTorrent and 1337x . By providing a lot of different domains , we are giving people the option to still access torrent sites , ” ProxyHouse told us in August .
While the proxy sites have been useful to a lot of people , they also posed a risk . ProxyHouse added their own advertisements to the sites , which have been linked to malware .
It 's unclear why the ProxyHouse operation shut down all of a sudden . The sites were a thorn in the side of copyright holders , as it made their job of policing the Internet harder , so it would n't be a surprise if legal pressure played a role .
Despite the loss of thousands of proxies , there are still enough available to bypass most common blockades . In fact , most torrent site operators are happy to see them gone , as they believe that these ‘ unauthorized ' proxies were ‘ stealing ' their revenue .
Update : The domains are actively advertised on a domain name sale website as well .
TNA : Open Fight Night April 27 , 2012 I 've been making an effort to watch Impact Wrestling of late and give them a second chance . I 've watched almost every week since they let Vince Russo go , and as I 've mentioned several times I feel the show has improved . The show has slowed down , reduced a lot of the asinine comedy , and as a result been a much easier show to watch . Last week they announced a new concept for Impact , which was to be a once a month `` Open Fight Night '' edition of the show . Their announcement of what `` Open Fight Night '' would be been quite terrible and after listening to Hulk Hogan explain to it the only thing I knew for sure was that Hulk Hogan did n't understand the concept of the show either .
While I commend the people at TNA for trying something new , after watching the first `` Open Fight Night '' I was reminded of a few age old sayings that TNA should have observed before launching this new concept show : `` Make sure you have all of your ducks in a row '' , and `` If you fail to prepare , you are prepared to fail '' . In my opinion TNA did not think this concept through all the way and were not ready to debut it but did so anyway and as a result seriously damaged their show and any future potential this concept might have .
Rather than ranting about all that was wrong with the show I 'm going to try to break it all down and pitch alternate ways the show could have been done , in hopes of venting my frustration in a more constructive manner .
I think the biggest problem with last night 's show was that they tried to do too much too soon and thus everything came of confusing . There are actually three different concepts in OFN , none of which were sufficiently explained and TNA needed to do several more weeks of introduction and explanation before debuting such a complicated show . This show was rushed in so fast Hulk Hogan did n't even appear to understand the concepts and they seemed to get lost in their promos explaining and often made no sense what so ever , which really damaged them as the authority figure of this company .
So let 's deal with one concept at a time . The first concept is Gut Check which is where they take a non-TNA guy and give them a shot at the big leagues . The way Hogan explained it last week the new guy would wrestle someone off the TNA roster and there would be 3 judges and themselves evaluating the new guy to determine if they deserved a TNA contract . So the idea here is American Idol but with wrestling . We take a nobody that wants to be a star , put them on stage , and let the judges evaluate him . My first problem with this concept is that on a wrestling show should n't a guy winning a match be more important than judges evaluating him ? This is supposed to be a sport not a talent show . All this does is draw attention to the fact that this sport is a work . Further more if it was `` you have to win to get a contract '' there would be importance on all the near falls and the potential to build drama in the match . At the very least combine the 2 in that if they win he 's guaranteed a contract but there are judges to offer them advice and potentially offer them a contract if they had a good enough showing . To make matters worse they did n't even follow through on the judges , Al Snow was the only judge there , and they did n't do any judging ; we were told that the judging would happen next week . Are you kidding me ? Can you imagine American Idol making us wait a week after seeing the performance before we get to hear what the judges had to say ? Instead of evaluating the guy when their performance is fresh in our minds and we might have an opinion to compare , we have to wait a week and hear what they have to say after we 've all no doubt completely forgotten their match . I think this idea had potential but they have severely damaged it by doing it so poorly the first time out of the gate .
The second concept of the OFN show is the big Title defense . On each show one of the reigning champions will be chosen to defend their title that night . This excludes the TV champion because they have to defend the title on every show . This to me is a pointless distinction ; if the other titles are defended on TV what is the point of a TV title ? Not to mention that if we get a TV title defense on every single show OFN 's Title defense does n't really stand out as unique . That is a small point ; they screwed this up on a far grander scale . The show opened with Hulk Hogan meeting with all theirs champions ... oh wait , that 's what Hogan said , but not what actually happened ; with no explanation as to why , ODB and Eric Young , the current Knockouts Tag Team Champions , were not present for this meeting . Here in this segment Hogan cut another confusing promo , where they actually called Samoa Joe and Magnus the greatest tag team of all time . No offense to either guy but I doubt they 've won more than 4 televised matches together as a team . The line was so absurd Joe themselves laughed when Hogan said it . Once Hogan selected the Tag Titles would be defended tonight they explained that they selected 4 potential challengers for them and each potential challenger world get the opportunity to plead their case as to why they deserved the shot . Hogan then went on to describe this process as them listening to a bunch of guys whining and complaining . That 's one hell of a sales pitch there Hulkster .
So later we get another Hogan meeting , this time with the 4 potential challengers that Hogan has selected . Hogan gives each team the chance to pitch their case on why they deserve the shot over the other Team and they narrow their choice down throughout the show . I can see where initially the thought of this providing a running storyline through the show might sound good but for me it just made Hogan come off like an incompetent general manager . For starters Eric Young and ODB were one of their selections , why are they considered challengers and not champions ? Secondly since Hogan is the one to select the 4 and ultimately the guy who selects the one , they come off as a guy who just ca n't make up their mind and needs the challengers to remind them storylines and their win loss record to help the poor guy make the decision , they had all month to make on their own . For this to make any sense at all someone else needs to make the final challenger selection . Hogan picks the Title to be defended and the 4 potential challengers and then the challengers plead their case to a panel , or the fans or someone other than Hulk Hogan . Even drawing a name randomly out of a hat could be fun especially with the Tag Team titles because you could put the names of any current or former tag team whose members are still employed in the company regardless if they are still a team . This opens the door for a one night reunion for teams like Team 3D , Beer Money , or Team Canada etc . The Title selection and drawing of the challenger could be done at the start of the show and then throughout the show leading to the Main event we can get a promo from each guy and a video package or 2 giving any history or conflict between the two from the past that might add interest to the pending match . It would certainly be more interesting that hearing EY explain to Hulk Hogan that if they give them the title shot ODB will sleep with them ( Insert Hogan sex tape joke here ) . Also , the Title shot needs to be the Main Event on the show , not play second fiddle to a going away party for a guy who was supposed to have been banished from the company 2 weeks ago and never allowed to show their face on the show again or ever use their name again .
The third and final concept on this show is the open challenge gimmick , which to me is what made the explanation of OFN show so confusing . In Hogan 's explanation of the show they kept mentioning how anyone could call out anyone else on the show out , and the person called out had to answer the challenge and fight . The problem is they mentioned this several times while also talking about Gut Check and the Title shot deal so I was left thinking , why does n't everyone just call out the World Champion ? On the show we had several people calling out other people and I was confused as to why these specific people were afforded the opportunity for a callout while others were n't . To make matters worse , Jeremy Borash went to the ring and explained this rule did n't just apply to wrestlers but to all employees of Impact wrestling , and then proceeded to call out Eric Bischoff , who I could have sworn was FIRED from Impact wrestling after their loss at the PPV 2 weeks ago .
For me this idea is by far the dumbest of the 3 . What does it accomplish ? It leads to a match between 2 people that have an issue ; is n't that what all matches are supposed to be ? Did we really need a new concept in order to book matches like Brooke vs. Gail ? Could that match not be booked just because it made sense ? With Gut Check and The build to the Title shot deal already on the show do we need another new concept running throughout the show to make it more confusing ? Do n't answer that , we all know the answer is NO .
Well that 's my take on Impact Wrestling 's `` Open Fight Night '' . They had 3 ideas , one was very bad , 2 had potential but were not well thought out or executed well . On top of that the most pushed theme of this new show was Eric Bischoff a guy who was fired 2 weeks ago and we were promised would never appear on this show again . In spite of that they were featured throughout the show and even granted the main event spot . Here 's hoping over the next month they find some judges , read this column , and put a lot more thought into OFN 2 .
Lance Storm
Check out `` Storm Front '' & `` Storm Warning '' my two eBooks for the Kindle . Available at Amazon.com .
If you do n't have a Kindle there are free apps for PC , Mac , iPad , iPod , Android , you name it .
Click the Book cover to buy at Amazon.com .
Lance Storm on facebook !
http : //www.washingtonsblog.com/2011/06/american-officials-admit-that-us.html
Preface : U.S. President James Madison said :
`` If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land , it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy . ''
Everyone knows that `` truth is the first casualty of war '' . And one of the most highly decorated American soldiers of all time said that `` war is a racket '' .
FBI agents and CIA intelligence officials , constitutional law expert professor Jonathan Turley , Time Magazine , Keith Olbermann and the Washington Post have all said that U.S. government officials `` were trying to create an atmosphere of fear in which the American people would give them more power '' . Indeed , the former Secretary of Homeland Security - Tom Ridge - admits that they were pressured to raise terror alerts to help Bush win reelection .
A former National Security Adviser told the Senate that the war on terror is `` a mythical historical narrative '' . In terms of a possible `` why '' , remember that psychologists and sociologists have demonstrated that fear of terrorism makes people stupid and easy to manipulate and control .
As I noted last year :
Indeed , in a newly-released documentary , U.S. soldiers admit that if they accidentally kill innocent Iraqis and Afghanis , they then `` drop '' automatic weapons near their body so they can pretend they were militants :
As I noted last year :
On Monday , former chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Hugh Shelton told told Jon Stewart that a Clinton cabinet member proposed letting Saddam kill an American pilot as a pretext for war in Iraq : ( And see this ; and this excerpt from General Shelton 's book ) . This might seem , at first glance , like just an odd , one-off suggestion . However , as reported by the New York Times and other newspapers , George W. Bush also suggested to Tony Blair that a U.S. plane be painted in United Nations colors so that - if Saddam shot it down - it would create a casus belli . As the Times wrote in 2006 : The memo [ confirmed by two senior British officials as being authentic ] also shows that the president and the prime minister acknowledged that no unconventional weapons had been found inside Iraq . Faced with the possibility of not finding any before the planned invasion , Mr. Bush talked about several ways to provoke a confrontation , including a proposal to paint a United States surveillance plane in the colors of the United Nations in hopes of drawing fire ....
Indeed , the former director of the National Security Agency said :
By any measure the US has long used terrorism . In ‘ 78-79 the Senate was trying to pass a law against international terrorism - in every version they produced , the lawyers said the US would be in violation .
( audio here ) .
Former FBI station chief Ted Gundersen also says most terror attacks are committed by our CIA and FBI :
Specific Historical Examples
The CIA admits that it hired Iranians in the 1950 's to pose as Communists and stage bombings in Iran in order to turn the country against its democratically-elected prime minister .
The former Italian Prime Minister , an Italian judge , and the former head of Italian counterintelligence admit that NATO , with the help of the Pentagon and CIA , carried out terror bombings in Italy and other European countries in the 1950s and blamed the communists , in order to rally people 's support for their governments in Europe in their fight against communism . As one participant in this formerly-secret program stated : `` You had to attack civilians , people , women , children , innocent people , unknown people far removed from any political game . The reason was quite simple . They were supposed to force these people , the Italian public , to turn to the state to ask for greater security '' ( and see this ) ( Italy and other European countries subject to the terror campaign had joined NATO before the bombings occurred ) .
As admitted by the U.S. government , recently declassified documents show that in the 1960 's , the American Joint Chiefs of Staff signed off on a plan to blow up AMERICAN airplanes ( using an elaborate plan involving the switching of airplanes ) , and also to commit terrorist acts on American soil , and then to blame it on the Cubans in order to justify an invasion of Cuba . See the following ABC news report ; the official documents ; and watch this interview with the former Washington Investigative Producer for ABC 's World News Tonight with Peter Jennings . Official State Department documents show that - only nine months before - the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and other high-level officials discussed blowing up a consulate in the Dominican Republic in order to justify an invasion of that country . Neither plan was carried out , but they were both discussed as serious proposals .
Nine months earlier , a false flag attack was apparently discussed in order to justify an invasion of the Dominican Republic . Specifically , according to official State Department records , Under Secretary of State Chester Bowles wrote on June 3 , 1961 :
The Vice President [ Lyndon Johnson ] , [ Attorney General ] Bob Kennedy , Secretary [ of Defense Robert ] McNamara , Dick Goodwin [ who was Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs ] , [ head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ] General Lemnitzer , Wyn Coerr , and Ted Achilles were here . Bob McNamara and Lemnitzer stated that under the terms of the contingency paper , they were required to be prepared to move into the island on short order if required to do so , and this , in their opinion , called for substantially more troops that we had in the area . After some discussion we considered two more aircraft carriers , some destroyers , and 12,000 marines should be moved into a position some one hundred miles off the Dominican Republic shore ... The tone of the meeting was deeply disturbing . Bob Kennedy was clearly looking for an excuse to move in on the island . At one point they suggested , apparently seriously , that we might have to blow up the Consulate to provide the rationale . Their general approach , vigorously supported by Dick Goodwin , was that this was a bad government , that there was a strong chance that it might team up with Castro , and that it should be destroyed -- with an excuse if possible , without one if necessary . Rather to my surprise , Bob McNamara seemed to support this view ... The entire spirit of this meeting was profoundly distressing and worrisome , and I left at 8:00 p.m. with a feeling that this spirit which I had seen demonstrated on this occasion and others at the White House by those so close to the President constitutes a further danger of half-cocked action by people with almost no foreign policy experience , who are interested in action for action 's sake , and the devil take the highmost ... [ At a subsequent meeting ] , Bob McNamara went along with their general view that our problem was not to prepare against an overt act by the Dominican Republic but rather to find an excuse for going into the country and upsetting it .
When Congress was originally asked to pass the Patriot Act in late 2001 , the anthrax attacks which occurred only weeks earlier were falsely blamed on spooky Arabs as a way to scare Congress members into approving the bill . Specifically :
The FBI was actually told to blame Anthrax scare on Al Qaeda by White House officials
High-level government insiders pointed towards Iraq as the source of the anthrax , even though there was absolutely no reason to think that the anthrax had come from Iraq
Indeed , many people have questioned whether or not the anthrax was intentionally sent to scare people . For example :
The anthrax letters attempt to link 9/11 and the anthrax attack and pretend to be from radical Muslims and be anti-America and anti-Israel
Senator Patrick Leahy said :
And I think there are people within our government -- certainly from the source of it -- who know where it came from . [ Taps the table to let that settle in ] And these people may not have had anything to do with it , but they certainly know where it came from .
The FBI gave its consent in October , 2001 for the remaining samples of the Ames anthrax strain to be destroyed , thereby permanently destroying crucial `` genetic clues valuable to the criminal inquiry '' . Why would the FBI allow the Ames samples to be destroyed , other than to prevent fingers from being pointed toward the real killer , someone who worked for the U.S. government and had access to U.S. bioweapons ?
The American bioweapons expert who actually drafted the current bioweapons law ( the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989 ) , who holds a doctorate of law magna cum laude and a Ph.D. in political science , both from Harvard University , and teaches international law at the University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana , served on
the Board of Directors of Amnesty International ( 1988-92 ) and represented Bosnia-Herzegovina at the World Court , and who `` advised the FBI in its initial investigation of the anthrax letters '' , is convinced that the anthrax attacks that killed five people were perpetrated and covered up by criminal elements of the U.S. government . The motive : to foment a police state by killing off and intimidating opposition to post-9/11 legislation such as the Patriot Act and the later Military Commissions Act . They have said :
Senators Tom Daschle and Patrick Leahy were holding it up because they realized what this would lead to . The first draft of the PATRIOT Act would have suspended the writ of habeas corpus [ which protects citizens from unlawful imprisonment and guarantees due process of law ] . Then all of a sudden , out of nowhere , come these anthrax attacks .
Department of Justice lawyer John Yoo suggested in 2005 that the US should go on the offensive against al-Qaeda , having “ our intelligence agencies create a false terrorist organization . It could have its own websites , recruitment centers , training camps , and fundraising operations . It could launch fake terrorist operations and claim credit for real terrorist strikes , helping to sow confusion within al-Qaeda 's ranks , causing operatives to doubt others ' identities and to question the validity of communications . ”
As Chris Floyd and many others have noted , this plan has gone live .
United Press International reported in June 2005 :
U.S. intelligence officers are reporting that some of the insurgents in Iraq are using recent-model Beretta 92 pistols , but the pistols seem to have had their serial numbers erased . The numbers do not appear to have been physically removed ; the pistols seem to have come off a production line without any serial numbers . Analysts suggest the lack of serial numbers indicates that the weapons were intended for intelligence operations or terrorist cells with substantial government backing . Analysts speculate that these guns are probably from either Mossad or the CIA . Analysts speculate that agent provocateurs may be using the untraceable weapons even as U.S. authorities use insurgent attacks against civilians as evidence of the illegitimacy of the resistance .
There is substantial additional evidence of hanky panky in Iraq .
We 're not alone . Countries around the world have played this terrible game for thousands of years .
If We Do n't Learn Our History , We 're Doomed to Repeat It
Indeed , many former high-level officials are warning that it could happen again :
A former National Security Adviser told the Senate that a terrorist act might be carried out in the U.S. and falsely blamed on Iran to justify war against that nation .
A retired 27-year CIA analyst who prepared and presented Presidential Daily Briefs and served as a high-level analyst for several presidents stated that if there was another major attack in the U.S. , it would lead to martial law . They went on to say :
Daniel Ellsberg , the famous Pentagon Papers whistleblower , said `` if there is another terror attack , `` I believe the president will get what they want '' , which will include a dictatorship
Scott Ritter , the former UN Weapons Inspector ( an American ) - who stated before the Iraq war started that there were no weapons of mass destruction - is now saying that they would not rule out staged government terror by the U.S. government
And a member of the British Parliament stated that `` there is a very real danger '' that the American government will stage a false flag terror attack in order to justify war against Iran and to gain complete control domestically
Postscript : Most serving in our military are good and honorable people who want to protect America and their people . It is only rogue elements within civilian and military circles who carry out false flag attacks .
http : //www.washingtonsblog.com/2011/06/american-officials-admit-that-us.html
Season-Best 11.4 Rating and 18.8 Million Viewers Helps ESPN Win the Night
Seventh Most-Viewed Telecast in Cable History among Households , Ninth among Viewers
Most-Watched MNF Game on ESPN Deportes in 2014
Most-Watched MNF Game ever on WatchESPN
Last night 's Monday Night Football game – a Washington Redskins ' 20-17 upset victory over the Dallas Cowboys in overtime – delivered ESPN 's highest-rated and most-viewed MNF telecast since 2009 . The game ranked as the top telecast of the night across cable and broadcast in viewers , households and all key male and adult demos , helping ESPN win the night among all networks in those same categories .
The game averaged a season-high 11.4 household US rating ; 13,313,000 households ; and 18,809,000 viewers ( P2+ ) , according to Nielsen . It peaked from 11:30-11:45 p.m. with a 13.6 rating and 22,485,000 viewers .
Redskins-Cowboys is the highest-rated MNF game since the New Orleans Saints-New England Patriots telecast on Nov. 30 , 2009 ( 12.9 household rating ) and the most-viewed game since the New Orleans-Atlanta Falcons game on Dec. 27 , 2010 ( 19,137,000 viewers ) . Overall , the game is now the seventh most-viewed telecast in cable history among households and the ninth most-viewed among viewers ( P2+ ) , excluding breaking news . ( Note : ESPN MNF and BCS Championship college football games occupy the entire top-10 in both categories . See below . )
In Washington , D.C. , the game delivered a 17.8 rating on ESPN and a 12.6 on WDCA-IND , for a combined 30.4 rating in the market . In Dallas , the game delivered a 14.0 rating on ESPN and a 22.6 on WFAA-ABC , for a combined 36.6 rating in the market .
The top 10 metered markets ( in addition to those of the competing teams ) included : Richmond ( 24.7 ) , San Antonio ( 24.5 ) , Norfolk ( 20.2 ) , Austin ( 19.3 ) , Las Vegas ( 18.9 ) , New Orleans ( 18.0 ) , Baltimore ( 16.9 ) , San Diego ( 16.7 ) , Albuquerque ( 16.1 ) and Houston ( 15.9 ) .
Through the first eight weeks ( nine games ) , ESPN 's Monday Night Football is averaging an 8.6 household US rating ; 10,047,000 households ; and 13,988,000 viewers , increases of four percent ( 8.3 rating ) , five percent ( 9,585,000 households ) and seven percent ( 13,065,000 viewers ) , respectively , versus the same point in 2013 .
Top 10 Most-Viewed Programs in Cable Television History ( Households ) :
Rank Date Program Network HHs ( 000s ) 1 . 01/10/2011 CFB/BCS Champ : Oregon-Auburn * ESPN 17,718 2 . 01/07/2013 CFB/BCS Champ : Alabama-Notre Dame ESPN 17,216 3 . 01/06/2014 CFB/BCS Champ : Florida State-Auburn ESPN 16,727 4 . 01/09/2012 CFB/BCS Champ : Alabama-LSU ESPN 16,072 5 . 10/05/2009 Green Bay Packers-Minnesota Vikings ESPN 15,136 6 . 11/30/2009 New England Patriots-New Orleans Saints ESPN 14,872 7 . 10/27/2014 Washington Redskins-Dallas Cowboys ESPN 13,313 8 . 01/01/2011 CFB/Rose Bowl : TCU-Wisconsin ESPN 13,054 9 . 12/27/2010 New Orleans Saints-Atlanta Falcons ESPN 12,957 10 . 09/15/2008 Philadelphia Eagles-Dallas Cowboys ESPN 12,953
Top 10 Most-Viewed Programs in Cable Television History ( Viewers ) :
Rank Date Program Network Viewers ( 000s ) 1 . 01/10/2011 CFB/BCS Champ : Oregon-Auburn * ESPN 27,316 2 . 01/07/2013 CFB/BCS Champ : Alabama-Notre Dame ESPN 26,380 3 . 01/06/2014 CFB/BCS Champ : Florida St.-Auburn ESPN 25,572 4 . 01/09/2012 CFB/BCS Champ : Alabama-LSU ESPN 24,214 5 . 10/05/2009 Green Bay Packers-Minnesota Vikings ESPN 21,839 6 . 11/30/2009 New England Patriots-New Orleans Saints ESPN 21,402 7 . 01/01/2011 CFB/Rose Bowl : TCU-Wisconsin ESPN 20,558 8 . 12/27/2010 New Orleans Saints-Atlanta Falcons ESPN 19,137 9 . 10/27/2014 Washington Redskins-Dallas Cowboys ESPN 18,809 10 . 01/01/2014 CFB/Rose Bowl : Stanford-Michigan State ESPN 18,636
MNF on ESPN Deportes
Last night 's Washington-Dallas telecast on ESPN Deportes , ESPN 's Spanish-language sports network , averaged a 0.7 Hispanic Household US rating with 100,000 Hispanic Household impressions , and 128,000 Hispanic P2+ impressions , increases of 213 percent and 191 percent , respectively , over the Week 6 game last year . It ranks as the most-watched MNF game of the season and second most-watched NFL game ever on ESPN Deportes among Hispanic Households ( fourth among P2+ ) .
Season-to-date , MNF on ESPN Deportes is averaging a 0.4 Hispanic Household US rating ( a 100 percent gain ) with 63,000 Hispanic Household impressions and 92,000 Hispanic P2+ impressions , increases of 85 percent and 96 percent , respectively .
ESPN Digital
Washington-Dallas was the most-watched MNF game ever on WatchESPN , with an average minute audience of nearly 145,000 ( up 180 percent compared to Week 8 last year ) , 421,000 unique viewers ( up 196 percent ) , and 30.6 million total live minutes viewed ( up 203 percent ) .
In addition , ESPN 's NFL coverage on digital platforms on Sunday drew an average minute audience of 751,000 ( up 23 percent for the same week last year ) . Across the web and app , ESPN Fantasy Football accounted for 43 percent of ESPN 's total digital audience for the day , with an average minute audience of 395,000 ( up 52 percent over Week 8 last year ) . The ESPN Fantasy Football app alone had 5.3 million unique visitors on Sunday , up 26 percent .
Next Week : Andrew Luck and Indianapolis Colts vs. Eli Manning and New York Giants on MNF
Next week , ESPN 's MNF returns when Andrew Luck and the AFC South-leading Indianapolis Colts face Eli Manning and the New York Giants , Nov. 3 at 8:15 p.m . ET ( kickoff at 8:30 p.m. ) .
-30-
The M4VGear is a great tool that is available for those who regularly purchase movies or other video content from iTunes . The iTunes store has some of the best selection out there , but the problem is , you 're only allowed to watch it on Apple devices . This is very frustrating , as you 've paid good money for your content . You should be able to do whatever you want and play it wherever you want , right ? You own it ! With this quick and effective software , that is exactly what you can do .
This software is available for both Windows and Mac .
Mac OS X 10.8 – 10.12 : Order M4VGear for Mac for Instant Download
Windows 10 / 8 / 7 / Vista / XP : Order M4VGear for Windows for Instant Download
What it does is very simple . It will take the movie or video you purchased from iTunes , and convert it into a format that can be played pretty much anywhere . If the MP4 file format is supported , the video will now be able to play there .
The great thing about this software too , is that it not only removes the DRM quickly , but it preserves everything else . You will keep the 5.1 audio , and all subtitles , including closed captioning . The software is very simple to use . Once you have it downloaded and installed , just drag the iTunes file you would like to convert into M4VGear . Once the file has been inserted , you simply select the device you would like the file to be converted into , and that 's it ! There will be no loss of quality either . If you are converting a 1080p video , it will remain 1080p once converted .
There is a lot to love about this software . It is very straightforward and easy to use . It does n't remove anything from the file other than the DRM , and there are so many different options available within the software . There are n't really many downsides to the product . It essentially just does what it says it will do . It claims to be the fastest converter in the world , and many say that this is in fact true . The only thing to keep in mind is that there have been some reports of long wait times in some instances . This does n't mean it does n't get the job done , but it is a little bit slower than it says it will be . It is important to keep in mind , however , that the people who have reported this as a potential issue , will often admit that it might be their own hardware causing the problem .
Ultimately , you really ca n't go wrong with this easy , simple , fast-acting software . The iTunes has some of the greatest selection in the world , but it gets very annoying when you are not able to use and view content that you have spent good money on , wherever you want . With M4VGear , that is exactly what you can do . The software costs $ 49.95 . Well worth the price given the headaches and frustration that it will save you .
From the OECD comes this chart showing which countries have done the most since 2007 to reform their economies : Is n't this marvellous ? All those who say Greece has n't done any reforms now have egg on their faces . Greece deserves hearty congratulations on its reform effort.And as the headline says , all those reforms are paying off , are n't they ? From the OECD 's Economic Outlook dataset for November 2014 , here is the GDP growth of the five best reformers since 2007 : And here 's the GDP growth of the five countries that have done the least reform since 2007 : Since the GDP growth in 9 of the 10 countries is actually lower in 2014 than it was in 2007 , and the tenth country ( the USA ) has made no significant reforms , it is not evident from these charts that `` reform '' makes any difference at all.Ah , you say , but that is because we have not allowed reforms long enough to work ..... But Germany made painful reforms in the early 2000s . Surely a decade is long enough for reforms to be bearing fruit ? Yet its GDP growth is worse than the USA.And if you happen to live in Slovakia , you could be forgiven for believing that `` reform '' makes you substantially poorer.But actually this set of results has something much more interesting to tell us . I 've removed the USA and Sweden from the following chart , and added Finland , so it shows only the best and worst Eurozone reformers . ( I 've also removed Slovakia from this chart because it is an outlier in this dataset due to the omission of other East European countries . ) Notice anything ? The bounce back ofcountries from the 2008-9 crisis was short-lived . Finland , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands all suffered a sharp drop in GDP growth in the Eurozone crisis . In short , their GDP growth both beforethe crisis was unsustainable.It is hard not to conclude that the bounce back of non-reforming countries after the 2008 crisis was achieved at the expense of their weaker Eurozone partners , who were unable to bear the burden . When they collapsed , what was in effect an aftershock from the 2008 crisis transmitted itself back to the non-reforming countries , who were then forced to absorb what they had tried to avoid . Understandably , they were angry . And still are . Hence the stony refusal by these countries to consider proposals for a gentler approach to reform.It is not clear to me why countries whose GDP growth is on an unsustainable path and vulnerable to external shocks should be excused reform . Though GDP growth for these countries appears to be converging on to a lower path : it seems the `` reforms '' of weaker countries are forcing stronger ones to temper their expectations.However , this is not as good as it appears . Because stronger countries have learned no lessons , they seem intent on continuing their beggar-my-neighbour policies outside the Eurozone . And their lower GDP growth expectations do n't encourage intra-Eurozone trade to develop . This is not viable . The future of the Eurozone depends on stronger intra-Eurozone trade and a more cooperative approach.The non-reforming countries need to reconsider their position . The enormous trade surpluses of Germany and the Netherlands are nothing to be proud of : the corollary to them is poor domestic investment , as this chart for Germany shows The reforming countries have made deep and painful cuts to domestic consumption - hence their recessionary economies - and rebalanced towards exports . Now it is time for the non-reformers to reform . They must increase domestic investment and raise consumption . Without that , the weaker countries can not recover . And without recovery for the weaker countries , the Eurozone is doomed.It is as simple as that .
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed . Thanks for visiting !
I am sure that no matter where you are in your career , you desire to create more income for yourself . For most people , only two options come to mind .
Either they work much harder in their job and hope their boss notices their efforts and gives them a raise of 5-10 % , or quit their job and find another company that will pay them 10-20 % more .
When I talk about increasing your income , I do n't just mean by a measly 5 % , 10 % or 20 % , I am talking about massively increasing your income by 50 % , doubling it or even increasing it by three to five times , within 12 months !
Is this possible ? Yes it is ! And you can achieve this without quitting your job .
How ? By not just focusing on your single , primary source of income . The only way to double or triple your income to create for yourself multiple streams of income . The rich never depend on one stream , but have multiple streams .
What Determines A Person 's Income ?
Before you can increase your primary source of income , you must first understand what determines a person 's income .
Why is it that one person is paid $ 3,000 a month while another person is paid $ 30,000 a month ?
Read
Every time I ask this question to people , I get standard answers like , ‘ age , qualifications , experience , luck , title , skill set , specialized knowledge , intelligence and so on . ' Well , none of this is really true !
A person 's income is determined by the amount of value they create multiplied by the time they spend creating that value , multiplied by the scalability factor . In other words ,
INCOME = VALUE X TIME X SCALABILITY
In other words , in order to increase your income , you must increase the amount of value you create , the time you spend creating value or/and your scalability factor .
Focus on increasing either one and you ca n't help but increase your income .
When you start to do more high value activities , you will simply be paid more for the work you do . That is why a CEO earns more than a middle manager , because the work they do is more valuable to the company .
When you start spending more of the time you have everyday to only focus on high value activities , you will be creating more value overall and increase you income at the same time .
When you scale your value , the amount of wealth you can build is limitless and your wealth can only grow exponentially .
So focus on these three areas and massively increase your income today .
Be Sociable , Share !
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China 's Foreign Ministry said on Monday it would retaliate after the president of Slovakia , Andrej Kiska , met visiting exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama , a man accused by Beijing of promoting independence for the Himalayan region .
Tibet 's exiled spiritual leader the Dalai Lama awaits a public religious lecture to the faithful in Zurich , Switzerland October 14 , 2016 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
China regards the 80-year-old , Nobel Peace Prize-winning monk as a separatist , though they say they merely seek genuine autonomy for Tibet , which Communist Chinese troops “ peacefully liberated ” in 1950 .
The Dalai Lama , who is on a trip to Europe , met President Kiska on Sunday over lunch in Bratislava , the Slovak capital , according to the Dalai Lama 's official website . The site showed a picture of the two men chatting .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said Kiska had ignored China 's “ strong opposition ” to the meeting , which was contrary to the “ one China ” policy the Slovak government has promised to uphold .
“ China is resolutely opposed to this and will make a corresponding response , ” Hua told a daily news briefing in Beijing , without giving details .
A posting on the Slovak president 's Facebook page on Oct. 16 carried pictures of the meeting with the Dalai Lama , and a note from President Kiska describing it as “ a privilege ” .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua said the Dalai Lama has long tried to separate Tibet from China and the government opposes any foreign official having any form of contact with him . The meeting has “ broken the political basis of China-Slovak relations ” , Hua said .
“ We demand the Slovak side clearly recognise the anti-Chinese separatist nature of the Dalai Lama clique and earnestly respect China 's core interests and major concerns . ”
Slovakia should take steps to eliminate the negative impact of this meeting , they added .
China also expressed anger last month and threatened countermeasures after the Dalai Lama spoke at the European Parliament in the French city of Strasbourg and met its president , Martin Schulz .
Few foreign leaders are willing to meet the Dalai Lama these days , fearful of provoking a strong reaction from China , the world 's second-largest economy .
The Dalai Lama fled to India in 1959 following a failed uprising against the Chinese .
Right groups and exiles accuse China of trampling on the religious and cultural rights of the Tibetan people , charges strongly denied by Beijing , which says its rule has brought prosperity to a once backward region .
EXODUS 26
« Exodus 25 | Exodus 26 | Exodus 27 »
The Tabernacle
26:1 “ Moreover , you shall make the tabernacle with ten curtains of fine twined linen and blue and purple and scarlet yarns ; you shall make them with cherubim skillfully worked into them .
2 The length of each curtain shall be twenty-eight cubits , and the breadth of each curtain four cubits ; all the curtains shall be the same size .
3 Five curtains shall be coupled to one another , and the other five curtains shall be coupled to one another .
4 And you shall make loops of blue on the edge of the outermost curtain in the first set . Likewise you shall make loops on the edge of the outermost curtain in the second set .
5 Fifty loops you shall make on the one curtain , and fifty loops you shall make on the edge of the curtain that is in the second set ; the loops shall be opposite one another .
6 And you shall make fifty clasps of gold , and couple the curtains one to the other with the clasps , so that the tabernacle may be a single whole .
7 “ You shall also make curtains of goats ' hair for a tent over the tabernacle ; eleven curtains shall you make .
8 The length of each curtain shall be thirty cubits , and the breadth of each curtain four cubits . The eleven curtains shall be the same size .
9 You shall couple five curtains by themselves , and six curtains by themselves , and the sixth curtain you shall double over at the front of the tent .
10 You shall make fifty loops on the edge of the curtain that is outermost in one set , and fifty loops on the edge of the curtain that is outermost in the second set .
11 “ You shall make fifty clasps of bronze , and put the clasps into the loops , and couple the tent together that it may be a single whole .
12 And the part that remains of the curtains of the tent , the half curtain that remains , shall hang over the back of the tabernacle .
13 And the extra that remains in the length of the curtains , the cubit on the one side , and the cubit on the other side , shall hang over the sides of the tabernacle , on this side and that side , to cover it .
14 And you shall make for the tent a covering of tanned rams ' skins and a covering of goatskins on top .
15 “ You shall make upright frames for the tabernacle of acacia wood .
16 Ten cubits shall be the length of a frame , and a cubit and a half the breadth of each frame .
17 There shall be two tenons in each frame , for fitting together . So shall you do for all the frames of the tabernacle .
18 You shall make the frames for the tabernacle : twenty frames for the south side ;
19 and forty bases of silver you shall make under the twenty frames , two bases under one frame for its two tenons , and two bases under the next frame for its two tenons ;
20 and for the second side of the tabernacle , on the north side twenty frames ,
21 and their forty bases of silver , two bases under one frame , and two bases under the next frame .
22 And for the rear of the tabernacle westward you shall make six frames .
23 And you shall make two frames for corners of the tabernacle in the rear ;
24 they shall be separate beneath , but joined at the top , at the first ring . Thus shall it be with both of them ; they shall form the two corners .
25 And there shall be eight frames , with their bases of silver , sixteen bases ; two bases under one frame , and two bases under another frame .
26 “ You shall make bars of acacia wood , five for the frames of the one side of the tabernacle ,
27 and five bars for the frames of the other side of the tabernacle , and five bars for the frames of the side of the tabernacle at the rear westward .
28 The middle bar , halfway up the frames , shall run from end to end .
29 You shall overlay the frames with gold and shall make their rings of gold for holders for the bars , and you shall overlay the bars with gold .
30 Then you shall erect the tabernacle according to the plan for it that you were shown on the mountain .
31 “ And you shall make a veil of blue and purple and scarlet yarns and fine twined linen . It shall be made with cherubim skillfully worked into it .
32 And you shall hang it on four pillars of acacia overlaid with gold , with hooks of gold , on four bases of silver .
33 And you shall hang the veil from the clasps , and bring the ark of the testimony in there within the veil . And the veil shall separate for you the Holy Place from the Most Holy .
34 You shall put the mercy seat on the ark of the testimony in the Most Holy Place .
35 And you shall set the table outside the veil , and the lampstand on the south side of the tabernacle opposite the table , and you shall put the table on the north side .
36 “ You shall make a screen for the entrance of the tent , of blue and purple and scarlet yarns and fine twined linen , embroidered with needlework .
37 And you shall make for the screen five pillars of acacia , and overlay them with gold . Their hooks shall be of gold , and you shall cast five bases of bronze for them .
« Exodus 25 | Exodus 26 | Exodus 27 »
San people of Africa draft code of ethics for researchers
CAPE TOWN , SOUTH AFRICA—Scientists have studied the San people of Southern Africa for decades , intrigued by their age-old rituals and ancient genetic fingerprints . Now , after more than a century of being scrutinized by science , the San are demanding something back . Earlier this month the group unveiled a code of ethics for researchers wishing to study their culture , genes , or heritage .
The code , published here on 3 March , asks researchers to treat the San respectfully and refrain from publishing information that could be viewed as insulting . Because such sensitivities may not be clear to researchers , the code asks that scientists let communities read and comment on findings before they are published . It also asks that researchers keep their promises and give something back to the community in return for its cooperation .
“ We 're not saying that everybody is bad . But you get those few individuals who do n't respect the San , ” says Leana Snyders , head of the South African San Council in Upington , which helped create the code .
The San created the code because of past transgressions , including use of insulting language such as the term “ Bushmen , ” using jargon when communicating with the San , failing to consult study communities about findings before publication , and approaching individuals before asking community leaders for permission . Snyders cited a 2010 study in Nature that they say committed several of these mistakes and raised awareness in the community about the issues . Approval by university research ethics committees is not sufficient to comply with the code , Snyders adds . The San community needs to be involved in reviewing research proposals and have a say in the design and conclusions , they say .
Snyders also notes that despite all the interest from scientists , the San have not benefited from their star research status . “ When a researcher comes they enrich themselves of our culture and our knowledge . But our communities remain in poverty ; their daily life does not change . We want to change that , ” they say .
Benefits to the community do not have to be monetary , but could be in the form of knowledge , or educational or job opportunities . Communicating research results back to the community is paramount , Snyders adds , in order to avoid derogatory terms . “ Before somebody publishes anything they need to discuss it with the community . Then the community can say : You do n't understand , or that it 's damaging. ” Researchers that flout the code will be blacklisted . “ If it comes to that , we will blacklist and close the door and make sure you do n't come back , ” Snyders says .
The San are not the first indigenous population group to impose such codes on research . The Aboriginal Australians and Canada 's First Nations and Inuit have drawn up similar codes , which standardize consultation , the benefits due to participating communities , and data storage and access . But this is the first research code produced by an African group . For now it is formally adopted only in South Africa ; Snyders and their colleagues hope to roll it out to San who live in neighboring Botswana and Namibia .
The code does not place unrealistic demands on scientists , says Himla Soodyall , director of the Human Genomic Diversity and Disease Research Unit at South Africa 's University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg . But others point out that the code focuses on past transgressions , and does n't refer to recent efforts to respect and involve communities , such as guidelines for genomics work on vulnerable populations prepared in 2014 by the Human Heredity and Health in Africa program . As a result , the code may present an overly negative view of researchers and discourage communities from participating in studies , says Charles Rotimi , founding director of the National Institutes of Health Center for Research on Genomics and Global Health in Bethesda , Maryland .
Reuse of data is another potential stumbling block . The San refuse to grant broad consent for other researchers to reuse data for purposes not specified in the original agreement . This restriction is not spelled out in the code , but is the position of the South African San Council , Snyders says . “ Should any other research institution want to use the data , they need to acquire informed consent from the council . ”
But good scientific practice allows other scientists to try to replicate analyses , says geneticist David Reich of Harvard Medical School in Boston . They are a leader of the recently assembled Simons Genome Diversity Project , which contains 300 high-quality genomes from 142 populations , including the San . “ Other researchers need to be free to reanalyze the data to come to their own conclusions . … If this is not possible , then science can not be done , ” they say .
* Correction , 22 March , 4:42 p.m. : This story has been corrected to remove any implication that because the San 's ancestors branched off early from other human populations , living San are unusually closely related to ancestral humans .
Lenovo 's buttoned-up Thinkpad X300 ultraportable notebook computer may not have the MacBook Air 's superslim Spartan style , but after firing up the X300 , it 's hard to not love this laptop . From rock-solid construction to piled-in perks , this biz-centric beast provides just about everything that matters to the modern road warrior .
The Air and X300 do have some similarities . They both have crisp 13.3-inch displays ( although the X300 has a higher resolution -- 1440-by-900 pixels vs. 1280-by-800 ) , and both offer 64GB solid state drives ( An SSD comes standard with Lenovo 's machine , but tacks about $ 1,000 onto the Air 's price tag ; if you equip them similarly , the notebooks cost about the same ) .
Whether you 're afraid of dropping your laptop at the airport or accidentally spilling some coffee on the case , the X300 is built like -- and resembles -- a black box recorder . The keyboard is spill resistant , and the textured carbon- and glass-fiber exterior is supposed to protect the innards ; it feels good to the touch , too .
Now , technically , the X300 is a little chunky side for a true ultralight-a little over an inch thick and 3.4 pounds ( 4 pounds with AC adapter ) as opposed to the Air 's 3-pound heft . Then again , you can pop a disc in the ThinkPad 's paper-thin , three-ounce DVD drive and actually watch movies as opposed to trying to stuff an external drive in with the Air in that manila envelope . ( You CAN remove the drive , which leaves you with a machine weighing just 3.1 pounds )
The X300 has a decent amount of power for an ultralight notebook -- in fact , it scored surprisingly well against other ultralights . With a 1.2GHz Core 2 Duo L7100 processor and 2GB of RAM , it scored a 64 , outpacing the MacBook Air by a healthy 7 points in WorldBench 6 Beta 2 tests . On the other hand , the X300 's performance is exactly average compared to the broad field of ultraportables we 've tested . It posted an average score in our battery life tests too , lasting 4 hours and 22 minutes on a charge .
Another thumb in Apple 's eye is the X300 's many features . Here you have a notebook not much thicker than Air but , not only does it manage to slot in a DVD drive , it also has three USB 2.0 ports , a VGA-out port for an external display , a webcam , headphone and microphone jacks , and an ethernet port . The Air has a webcam , but it has only one USB port , and you have to use an optional adapter to connect via ethernet .
Speaking of options , the X300 is probably the only ultraportable PC that gives you both a touchpoint and a trackpad . Obviously it boils down to personal preference , but at least you can choose . As is often the case with ThinkPads , the keyboard feels great . There 's enough tactile feedback on the full-sized keys to allow quick , accurate typing .
To make life even easier is the one shortcut key to rule them all -- the ThinkVantage button . Most notebooks have some sort of shortcut to helpful utilities or a `` For Dummies ... '' version of the control panel . However , this is by far the most helpful , complete , and concise collection of them . You can use the button to access a backup utility , to set security protocols , or to find a wireless data connection , and if your computer wo n't boot , the button will make the computer boot a small non-Windows OS from a hidden hard drive partition , after which you can diagnose problems and even download drivers , if necessary .
And when you do start searching for wireless connectivity options , you are fully covered with the X300 . Among the highlights , this notebook has built-in support for 802.11a/b/g/n , Wireless WAN , Wireless USB , Bluetooth , and the `` gee-whiz '' feature of the month : GPS ( an army of travelling salespersons are cheering somewhere with that addition ) .
I have one minor concern : The hidden OS and drive image for bringing it back to factory defaults reside on the notebook 's hard drive . The X300 's meager 64GB solid-state drive will probably fill up quick , and between Windows , your applications , and the hidden image , you 're left with precious little room for your files .
But otherwise , while it does cost a fair amount , Lenovo proves that you can cram everything you need into a tiny package .
0 Flares Filament.io 0 Flares ×
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act , over 2 million people nationwide are already newly enrolled in health insurance . By the end of March , the number is expected to climb to at least 8 million . While the enrollment numbers for Texas have n't been updated to reflect the end-of-December surge , hundreds of thousands of Texans were already enrolled by mid-month .
The enrollment numbers are forcing many Republicans to recognize that if they want to use canceled plans as a talking point against the ACA , they ca n't exactly start canceling millions of plans now . Even Tea Party Senate Republican Ron Johnson admitted , “ It 's no longer just a piece of paper that you can repeal and it goes away… We have to recognize that reality . We have to deal with the people that are currently covered under Obamacare . ”
Texas , however , still has a state government and representatives actively promoting repeal of this unprecedented opportunity to insure millions of Texans . And it means that Texans face inordinate hurdles and misinformation . According to Theresa Coughlin of the Urban Institute , “ Information about Obamacare seems to be less widespread and less clear in states , such as Texas , where the local government does n't support the law . Oregon , for example , set up its own exchange and has blasted airwaves and social media sites with ads touting Obamacare . Meanwhile , Texas Gov . Rick Perry has decried the law as a 'criminal act . ' ” But despite the obstacles , stories from Texans show that the Affordable Care Act is already having a very real impact .
You can read the stories of people who have been helped by the Affordable Care Act on Twitter @ ACAstories . A sampling of the Texas tweets include :
TX : Melissa Roth MT @ melissavotes Thank you @ NancyPelosi @ BarackObama ! Got my Health insurance ID card after 20 yrs of denied coverage . # ACA
TX : Julie Gomoll RT @ JulieGomoll HOLY CRAP I HAVE HEALTH INSURANCE ! Thank you , # obamacare
TX : Donna Bentley & their son got better coverage for $ 250/mo less , plus dental & same doc . “ Thank you Mr President . ”
TX : Dina Blas @ Coach_DinaBlas got hlth , vision & dental cvg for $ 120/mo ( down from $ 500/mo ) . “ Yes ! ! ! Life is good ! ”
And more are added every day . Kathleen Sebelius also shared the stories of Texans Anna Ray and Albert Davis :
“ For Anna Ray and Albert Davis of Houston , this was the first time they are getting covered with health insurance – and they 're both getting a great deal . Anna is a 26 year-old part-time English teacher , who is hoping to find a fulltime job . Before the Affordable Care Act , it would have been very hard for Anna to be able to afford coverage on the individual market . Texans had few if any real choice , and even fewer choices that were actually affordable . Anna has a great story about how , because of the Marketplace – and with the help of financial assistance available through the new law – they were able to get covered on a Silver plan for only $ 122 a month . Since this was their first time buying insurance for herself , Anna had a lot of questions . But they say they were able to get answers from the call center – which is open 24 hours a day , 7 days a week at 1-800-318-2596 . Albert is 50 . They work as a temporary employee for the Houston health department . And although they work to help make their own community healthier , Albert themselves has never had health insurance . But all that changes in January . Albert says they finally decided to get covered because it 's “ just the right thing to do . You never know what could happen to you. ” And through the Marketplace they found coverage – with financial assistance – for less than $ 24 a month . Now Albert says they want to let people know that the site works -you can get enrolled and get a good deal . ”
There have been many milestones in the implementation of the Affordable Care Act , but January 1 of this year is one of the most important . Now that insurance plans purchased through the exchanges have officially kicked in , those who want to overturn the health care law will have to deal with Anna , Albert and millions more .
A 14-year-old boy is in critical condition at Texas Children 's Hospital battling a rare brain-eating amoeba , CBS Houston affiliate KHOU reports .
Michael Riley Jr. , an honors student who has qualified for the Junior Olympics three times in cross-country , is in a medically-induced coma . Their family said Monday night they had increased swelling around their brain .
Michael Riley Jr. Riley Family/Facebook
Doctors believe the amoeba entered through their nose and got into their brain when they jumped into a lake at the Sam Houston National Forest on Aug. 13 . A week later , Riley developed a fever and headache , and their mother took them to a local clinic . They could n't find any clear sign of what was wrong , and sent them home , their family said .
But a few days later , their symptoms got worse . They were disoriented , with a fever , severe headache and neck pain similar to symptoms of meningitis . Their parents took them to Texas Children 's Hospital , where doctors recognized the condition from having recently treated another case in the area . That child did n't survive .
Tests confirmed that Riley had contracted the amoeba Naegleria fowleri , which causes a rare disease , Primary Amoebic Meningoencephalitis ( PAM ) , attacking cells in the brain .
How to stay safe from the brain-eating amoeba
Their family says they are now receiving an experimental drug that was flown in from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta . The CDC says the treatment helped save a 12-year-old Arkansas girl , Kali Hardig , who contracted the amoeba in 2013 . They were one of only a handful of patients known to have survived the infection , which is almost always fatal . Three people have died from it in the U.S. this year .
Riley 's family recounted their story on a GoFundMe page , and messages of support have been flooding in to the `` Miracle 4 Michael '' Facebook page . `` Sending you hugs and prayers , from one mom 's heart to another , '' one poster said .
While Riley 's condition is rare , the amoeba typically lives in warm freshwater and can be found in lakes in the Houston area . It can not be contracted by drinking contaminated water , only by inhaling it up the nose . To reduce the risk , experts advise keeping your head above water or using nose plugs when you swim in lakes or rivers .
Dublin , Ireland - As survivors of Ireland 's Magdalene laundries prepare for a national day of remembrance , many question the sincerity of the government 's apology to women held against their will in the Catholic Church-run institutions .
These laundries - often described as `` prisons '' by the women who worked in them - were established in the 18th century for Ireland 's 'fallen ' women and remained in operation until 1996 , when the last laundry closed .
An estimated 30,000 women and girls are thought to have been institutionalised for a myriad of reasons , from being 'bold ' to having a child out of wedlock . They were forced to work long hours in poor conditions for no pay .
A form of 'slavery '
The religious orders , often working in conjunction with state institutions , benefitted from their cheap labour as they 'paid off their debt ' . For some , that took a lifetime . For many , it started as soon as they left the state 's industrial schools , from where they were directly sent to the laundries .
Today , survivors of the laundries are still waiting for compensation from the state three years after they were promised , among other things , special medical cards and a dedicated unit to help them access advice .
In 2011 , groups advocating on behalf of survivors of the Magdalene laundries appealed to the United Nations Committee Against Torture ( UNCAT ) . During the hearings that followed , the Irish state defended the laundries , claiming that most of the women entered voluntarily or with parental consent .
UNCAT recommended a full investigation into the laundries , which led to the 2013 McAleese report .
Making the 'Magdalene problem go away '
After the publication of the report , Justice for Magdalenes ( JFM ) , one of the groups representing the survivors , asked for a state apology from Prime Minister Enda Kenny . They refused .
The women , who describe working in the institutions as `` slavery '' reacted angrily . They were widely supported by the Irish public , whose faith in the Catholic Church has been rocked by a series of damning reports on child sex abuse by members of the clergy .
After a media frenzy and widespread condemnation , Kenny issued a choked emotional apology in the Irish parliament followed by the announcement of a new redress scheme to make amends for `` the state 's role in the hurt of these extraordinary women '' .
But three years have passed since the McAleese report and advocates for the survivors say the government has failed to deliver on its promises .
Claire McGettrick from JFM thinks Kenny 's apology was merely politically expedient .
`` I think there was a difference between the fifth of February , when the McAleese report was released , and the 19th of February , when Enda Kenny apologised . But it was n't this 'road to Damascus ' moment , as portrayed in the media , '' they said .
`` It stemmed from immense public pressure . They knew politically they could n't do anything but apologise ... Something had to be done to make the Magdalene problem go away . ''
'One long fight with the state '
Justice John Quirke was tasked with devising recommendations on a redress scheme for women incarcerated in the laundries . Their work culminated in the Quirke Report , which was published with a guide to measures for compensation , including the establishment of a dedicated unit to offer advice and support and the provision of a special medical card .
The government announced that it would implement the Quirke recommendations in full .
`` All the survivors in contact with us read the Quirke Report , especially the appendix that outlines their healthcare entitlements , '' said McGettrick .
`` There is one line in the report that says the scheme would have to be adapted as Magdalene survivors would n't require medicine for hepatitis C. However , the government used that line to fillet the whole scheme . Many women only signed the waiver [ giving up any right to take action against the state ] because they thought they would be able to access this card ; some even accepted lower financial compensation . ''
The medical cards they received were standard ones that fell short of the enhanced cards recommended by the Quirke Report .
In addition to failing to implement Judge Quirke 's recommendations , women were locked out of the scheme if they worked in 'training centres ' attached to the laundries .
READ MORE : Irish women sawn open during childbirth seek justice
Wendy Lyon , from KOD Lyons Solicitors , which represents survivors in Ireland , explained : `` A number of women have also been excluded from the scheme because of the path by which they entered the laundries .
`` These were mostly teenage girls who were sent to 'training centres ' like An Grianán , attached to the St Mary 's Refuge Laundry at High Park in Dublin . The government does not dispute that these women were forced to work in the laundries , but insists that they were not 'admitted ' to the laundries for the purposes of the scheme .
`` Their refusal literally turns on a particular definition of 'admitted ' which the government is insisting on , although it is not to be found anywhere in the terms of the scheme or the enabling legislation . This is despite the revelation last year of a memo that was sent in 2012 from the HSE [ Health Service Executive ] to a member of the McAleese Committee confirming that An Grianán and St Mary 's were 'one and the same thing ' . ''
When Al Jazeera contacted the Department of Justice , it said that despite the scheme 's failure to establish a dedicated unit it has `` nominated people '' within the department to assist survivors .
But representatives of the survivors say this is not good enough .
`` Last week , a woman spent 17 hours in a chair on a drip in an accident and emergency unit , unaware of their rights under the scheme . They signed up to the scheme and waived their right to sue the state , believing that they would receive a comprehensive healthcare package , and they now feel completely hoodwinked , '' said McGettrick , adding : `` For survivors , this has just been one long fight with the state . ''
The religious orders
The religious orders that ran the institutions have not contributed to the scheme , despite the fact that they were supposed to .
The Sisters of the Good Shepherd , Sisters of our Lady of Charity , The Congregation of the Sisters of Mercy and the Religious Sisters of Charity did issue apologies , however . But their wording did little to assuage the anger of the survivors . In what McGettrick refers to as their `` statements of regret `` rather than apologies , they used phrases such as it was `` regrettable that the Magdalene homes had to exist at all '' and claimed the laundries were `` part of the system and culture of the time '' .
The religious orders have failed to clarify why they did not contribute monetarily to the scheme and did not respond when contacted for comment by Al Jazeera .
So far , the scheme has failed to live up to expectations . And , as the Magdalene survivors and their supporters prepare to lay flowers on the graves of those who died in the laundries , questions remain about whether it ever will .
A survivor 's story - 'They stole my childhood '
Elizabeth Coppin , 66
`` I was sent to an industrial school when I was two . The nuns stopped me from going to school when I was 12 , and I was made to work in the kitchen .
One day when I was 14 years old , I was chopping the heads off fish in the kitchen when one of the nuns , Sister Enda , called me into the parlour . They were smiling and seemed happy . They showed me a suitcase and said , 'Now , my girl , you 're always complaining that you do all the work around here . Well , I found you a job and remember it will be a long time before you get out ' .
After that I was taken in a taxi to a city a few hours away . Sister Enda said goodbye and told me to be a good girl . Despite all of the horrible things she 'd done to me , I had an urge to run after them I think I knew that what was coming was much worse .
That was my first day in a laundry . I was only 14 and I was working every day in the washing room . Every night , we slept in small cells . The windows were locked and there were iron bars on them . You had a pot for your toilet and a small bowl with water to wash. Every night , the door was bolted from the outside . I used to hate that sound .
I worked from eight in the morning until six in the evening every day except Sunday . The work was awful . We had a huge spin dryer and we had to load all the wet sheets and towels in . We had all the state contracts from the hospitals and the army . I had to wear rubber boots when I was loading the machines . We had to carry loads of tangled , soaked sheets and they were so heavy .
One day I was doing the laundry and one of the nuns came down and accused me of stealing someone 's sweets . Two of the women dragged me up to a dark cell . I stayed in the dark , tiny room for three days and three nights .
I was so scared , but that was when I realised two things : No one was coming to help me and what
they were doing was wrong . I decided then to run away .
There were no bars on the windows at the front of the building , so me and another girl decided to jump out one of them when the nuns were n't looking . We ran into the city . We had nothing ; I had been in Catholic institutions since I was two . But we were good workers , so we managed to get a job working in a hospital that trained nurses . I was 17 by then .
READ MORE : Dead babies and Ireland 's dark past
We were happy . In that place no one locked my door at night ; I was independent .
One day a man came . They were from the Irish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children . I thought they were a police officer - they were so horrible to me . That man brought me to another laundry . When they left , they said : 'You run away from this place and we 'll put you someplace you 'll never get out of . '
I thought I would be locked in there forever .
They cut my hair , put me in a uniform and renamed me 'Enda ' . It made me so angry to be called after the woman who abused me as a child , and I would n't answer to that name . I was there for five months , until one day a nun came and said : 'You 'll be pleased to know that 's the last time I 'll call you Enda . You 're moving . '
I was taken to the train station by a woman who had worked for the nuns for 50 years . They had been in an industrial school like me . When I asked them why they did n't run away , they looked very sad and said , 'Who would want me ? '
I kept telling them to leave , but it did n't matter . I think the nuns had broken them completely . After a year of working in the new laundry I was told I had a job in a hospital back in the town where I had been in the industrial school . I asked if Sister Enda knew . I was nervous .
The nuns said they did .
One day when I was scrubbing the floors in the hospital I looked up and saw Sister Enda . They said : 'Now are n't you sorry you were so bold ? '
Years later when I got my records , their excuse for sending me to the laundries for five years of hard labour was 'she is so bold ' . They stole so much of my childhood for that reason . ''
COLUMBIA , S.C. — A drone carrying cellphones , marijuana and other contraband into a U.S. maximum-security prison never made it inside the razor wire fence , and authorities said Wednesday they are looking for one of two people accused of trying to sneak it in .
The search has been ongoing since April 21 , when officials found a small , crashed drone in bushes outside the walls of Lee Correctional Institution in South Carolina , according to Corrections Department spokesperson Stephanie Givens .
At the site , Givens said officers also found materials that inmates are n't supposed to have , including the phones , tobacco products , marijuana and synthetic marijuana . One person has been arrested .
Givens said officials are n't sure exactly where the drone would have gone if it made it over the wall . According to Givens , this is the first time officials know of a drone being used to smuggle banned items into a South Carolina prison . Last fall , four people in Georgia were accused of using a remote-controlled drone to fly tobacco and cellphones into a state prison there .
In the South Carolina case , one person has been charged with drug possession and trying to give contraband materials to inmates . Court records listed no attorney for 28-year-old Brenton Lee Doyle .
Authorities are seeking a second man seen on convenience store surveillance images buying some of the products later found with the crashed drone , Givens said .
Members of the “ Antifa ” movement claim to be anti-fascist but they act like fascists all the time . They use violence and intimidation to silence people they do n't like and destroy private property .
Now they 've been declared a terror group in the state of New Jersey .
This is from the New Jersey Homeland Security website :
Anarchist Extremists : Antifa
Trending : New York Governor Andrew Cuomo Blames State 's Budget Shortfall On Residents Fleeing To Florida
June 12 , 2017 Domestic Terrorism
Anti-fascist groups , or “ Antifa , ” are a subset of the anarchist movement and focus on issues involving racism , sexism , and anti-Semitism , as well as other perceived injustices .
Self-described Antifa groups have been established across the United States and in several major cities , including New York , Philadelphia , Chicago , and San Francisco . A majority of New Jersey-based anarchist groups are affiliated with the Antifa movement and are opposed to “ fascism , ” racism , and law enforcement . Antifa groups coordinate regionally and have participated in protests in New York City and Philadelphia . There are three loosely organized chapters in New Jersey , known as the North Jersey Antifa , the South Jersey Antifa , and the HubCity Antifa New Brunswick ( Middlesex County ) .
Infowar has more :
The designation is of course completely valid since Antifa fits the very definition of terrorism , which is “ the unlawful use of violence and intimidation , especially against civilians , in the pursuit of political aims . ”
The group has also staged numerous violent riots , including during the inauguration of Donald Trump , that have caused millions of dollars worth of property damage .
There have been innumerable violent attacks on Trump supporters by members of Antifa over the last six months , although the mainstream media has barely reported on them .
That 's pretty serious .
Print Email Font Resize Boulder County leads the nation in quest for `` net zero '' homes Municipality stands alone with focus on building codes that require homes to produce as much energy as they consume
Jose Patron , bottom and Hector Reyes , paint the trim of the circular staircase . This net zero home on Jay Road in Boulder is near completion . ( Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer ) This net zero home on Jay Road in Boulder is near completion . ( Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer ) Related Stories Panel recommends Boulder County adopt 'net zero ' standards for homes 5,000 square feet and up
Please do not include : HTML , references to other retailers , pricing , personal information or any profane , inflammatory or copyrighted comments .
This email address must be associated with a previous order in our database .
Featured
Review
Shaz from Australia
June 29 , 2018
`` Excellent fast delivery to the UK . The hat is a perfect fit for my husband . With the sheepskin flap up covers the top of their ears and with it down keeps the back of their neck extra warm , which is where they feel the cold the most . The outer leather is soft with the inner fur short , warm and cozy on the skin . Very happy with this purchase . ''
Will E. from Victoria , Australia
July 25 , 2018
`` Fast delivery halfway around the world . Good quality and smart design . Fit was a little tight for the size , but stretched comfortably after a few wears . Good all round casual fur hat for the winter and roadster motoring . ''
Nibe from Uk
March 15 , 2018
`` Bought this for my 90yr old father , they love it . A soft fitting hat with a peak to keep winter sun or rain out of the eyes , can be worn with the sheepskin down around the back of the head for extra snugness . The fur is short and soft , looks like it will last , leather covering the peak seems a little thin , will maybe not wear as well . Excellent delivery from Canada to the UK , thank you again ''
redorgreenchile from ABQ . NM
March 12 , 2018
`` nice cap fit to size [ I thought I saw a rabbit ] ''
Dave from Kent , UK
February 28 , 2018
`` Smart and excellently made ; and how about the superb delivery -- only 3 days from Winnipeg ! ! ! ''
JoAnn from WI , USA
January 29 , 2018
`` Bought it for my husband , they wanted a warm hat . They have tons of comments about it and loves it . ''
Suzanne from Minnesota
January 25 , 2018
`` Got this hat for my elderly father . They love it . Quality workmanship , good fit , comfortable , and warm . And he 's picky about how their hats look , but they liked this one right off the bat . It 's just what they were looking for ! ''
Voter Simon Williams has criticised the government for having a voter registration website that does n't cater for the extremely disorganised .
Williams insisted that leaving something to the very last-minute is a typically British trait and that the government should have expected everyone to visit the site in the few minutes before the deadline passed .
They told reporters , “ I tried to register to vote at ten to midnight , as is my democratic right , and the systems just could n't cope – it 's ridiculous that this government still has n't realised how lazy we all are , and still ca n't build a system to handle us .
“ It does n't matter how long voter registration is open , everyone knows 25 % of the population will try to do it in the last hour – this can not be news to them , surely ?
“ The same thing happens every year when I submit my tax return just before midnight on January 31st – the website inevitably crashes .
“ I do n't know what sort of lazy sods they have building these websites , but it needs to change , obviously .
“ Sorry , but I 've got to go now , I was meant to be at work ten minutes ago . ”
The Democratic National Committee is “ dead wrong ” by limiting the number of debates available to presidential candidates , Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( I-Vt. ) said on Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I think that that is dead wrong and I have let the leadership of the Democrats know that , ” Sanders , who is running for the Democratic presidential nomination , said on CNN 's “ State of the Union .
“ I think this country benefits , all people benefit , democracy benefits , when we have debates , and I want to see more of them , ” they added . “ I think that debates are a good thing . ''
Sanders said that in addition to officially sanctioned debates from the Democratic Party , candidates running for the White House should also be forced to debate environmental issues before a panel of environmentalists , as well as issues specifically important to young voters and to “ working people . ”
Sanders 's comments come after critical words from former Maryland Gov . Martin O'Malley ( D ) , who on Friday accused the DNC of creating a “ rigged process ” to limit the number of debates to just four before the first round of voting takes place .
“ I think it 's a big mistake for us as a party to circle the wagons around the inevitable front-runner , ” O'Malley , who is also running for president , said earlier in the week .
Sanders appeared to agree on CNN on Sunday
“ I think that rigging is a strong word , ” they said . However , “ I would like to see more debates . ”
First major global professional esports league
Teams for Boston , Los Angeles , Miami-Orlando , New York , San Francisco , Seoul , Shanghai announced
Activision Blizzard , Inc. ( Nasdaq : ATVI ) today announced the sale of the first Overwatch League™ teams for major global cities to seven entrepreneurs and leaders from traditional sports and esports .
New team owners include :
“ Overwatch already connects over 30 million players worldwide . The Overwatch League will celebrate and reward our most accomplished players and give fans more opportunities to engage with each other , ” said Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick . “ We 're excited to be working with leaders from esports and traditional sports to celebrate our players and to establish the Overwatch League . ”
“ Overwatch is a game about a diverse group of international heroes who fight for an optimistic vision of the future , and the Overwatch League is an extension of that spirit , ” said Mike Morhaime , CEO and co-founder of Blizzard Entertainment . “ We 're building this league for fans – esports fans , traditional sports fans , gaming fans – and we 're thrilled to have individuals and organizations who are as passionate about professional competition as we are , and who have extensive experience in all three fields , representing our first major international cities in the league . ”
“ We have been exploring the esports market for a number of years and have been waiting for the right opportunity to enter , ” said Robert Kraft , Chairman and CEO of the Kraft Group . “ The incredible global success of Overwatch since its launch , coupled with the League 's meticulous focus on a structure and strategy that clearly represents the future of esports made this the obvious entry point for the Kraft Group . ”
“ It 's an honor to be selected as one of the ownership groups in the inaugural season of its new league , ” said Jeff Wilpon , co-founder and partner at Sterling.VC , a Sterling Equities venture capital fund . “ We view our participation in the Overwatch League as a major opportunity to take a lead position where technology is converging with sports and media . This partnership with the Overwatch League and with some of the elite ownership groups in professional sports , offers a unique opportunity to connect with millions of dedicated fans , engaged and passionate about one of the world 's fastest growing sports , and to continue proudly representing New York . ”
“ Immortals has been eagerly anticipating the launch of the Overwatch League since the plans were unveiled . With our shared values and vision for the future of esports , we 're honored to be selected as one of the initial members of this global league , ” said Immortals CEO Noah Whinston . “ Alongside our partners at AEG , we 're excited to pioneer esports regionality as an inaugural franchise and to continue L.A. 's championship tradition . ”
“ Misfits Gaming is thrilled to join the Overwatch League and represent the great cities of Miami and Orlando , ” said Misfits Gaming CEO and Co-Founder Ben Spoont . “ Competing as part of a major city-based esports league is something we 've always wanted to do , and together with our partner the Miami Heat we 're very excited by the potential to build something amazing for our fans in the months and years ahead . This is going to be a great experience for teams and everyone who loves esports . ”
“ NRG Esports could n't be more honored to represent San Francisco and all of Northern California for the launch of the Overwatch League , ” said Andy Miller , Chairman and Founder of NRG Esports . “ As big believers in Overwatch , NRG has fielded one of the most popular teams in the world since the game 's release and ca n't wait to bring a hometown team to the Bay Area . ”
“ We 're passionate about gaming at NetEase , and the Overwatch League is an opportunity we did n't want to miss ” said William Ding , CEO of NetEase . “ The commitment of Overwatch 's players and fan community is an incredible foundation on which to build a successful global league , and we 're looking forward to building a world-class team for Shanghai that inspires fans everywhere . ”
“ As esports enthusiasts , we 've always seen Seoul as the place to be for world-class competitive gaming , ” said Kevin Chou , co-founder of Kabam . “ We 're very honored to represent the birthplace of esports as owners of the Overwatch League team in Seoul and excited to work closely with the most passionate and enthusiastic gaming community in the world . ”
The Army has reopened an investigation into a former Green Beret after they admitted during a Fox News interview that they killed a suspected Taliban bombmaker they had held in Afghanistan .
Maj. Mathew Golsteyn already had faced an initial investigation after acknowledging during a polygraph test they had killed the unarmed suspect . While that case was later closed , Golsteyn appeared on the Fox News special “ How We Fight ” in October and discussed the incident publicly .
The suspected Taliban member in question was held during the battle of Marja in February 2010 . The suspect , though , was not on a list of targets U.S. forces were cleared to kill -- and after they were detained , Golsteyn said they refused to talk to investigators .
Under the rules of engagement , Golsteyn was ordered to release him .
However , Golsteyn , who was deployed to Afghanistan as part of 3rd Special Forces Group , was concerned that if they did so , the suspect would have in turn targeted Afghans who were helping U.S. soldiers .
“ There are limits on how long you can hold guys , ” they told Fox News ' Bret Baier . “ You realize quickly that you make things worse . It is an inevitable outcome that people who are cooperating with coalition forces , when identified , will suffer some terrible torture or be killed . ”
Golsteyn told Fox News they killed him .
A senior U.S. defense official confirmed to Fox News on Friday that the Army has reopened its investigation based on new evidence that includes the Green Beret 's public statements . The Washington Post first reported on the reopened probe .
Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-Calif. , is fighting the Army 's decision to revisit the case . In a Dec. 7 letter to Army Secretary Eric Fanning and Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley , Hunter said Golsteyn has been “ unfairly targeted . ”
“ The fact that their case has been reopened , on the grounds it has , is more proof of a process that , even though intended to pursue the facts , can also be leveraged for retaliation , ” Hunter wrote .
Golsteyn defended their actions during a phone interview with Fox News on Friday .
“ I made a lawful engagement of a known enemy combatant on the battlefield , ” they said , while also disputing characterizations that the Taliban suspect was a `` detainee '' since they were `` never processed . ''
“ We were told that protecting the civilian population was priority number one , even at the cost of our own lives . I did that , ” they said .
The earlier Army investigation was undertaken after Golsteyn disclosed details of the incident during a polygraph test when they were interviewing for a job with the CIA in 2011 .
According to Army documents obtained by The Washington Post through the Freedom of Information Act , Golsteyn told the CIA they “ had no qualms ” about killing the man “ because they could n't have lived with themselves if ( the alleged bombmaker ) killed another soldier or marine . ”
Golestyn reportedly described taking the bombmaker off base , shooting them and burying their remains in a shallow grave . They said they and two other soldiers dug up the remains and burned them in a pit used to dispose of trash .
“ We hashed all of this out with the Army a year and a half ago . I do n't have anything that I am ashamed of , '' they told Fox on Friday .
“ It 's dangerous to take combat out of its context . Combat is a horrible thing . You can take anything and make it sound uncomfortable , '' they added .
Golsteyn , who had been awarded the Silver Star , the military 's third-highest award for combat valor , was initially accused of murder and conspiracy . Following a lengthy investigation by a military tribunal , no formal charges were filed .
Instead , Golsteyn was removed from the Special Forces and had their Silver Star taken away .
In an email to The Washington Post , Golsteyn said they were “ frustrated , but not terribly surprised ” the Army reopened its investigation . They added that the Defense Department and Army had “ viciously pursued ” them “ without a discernible cause or a stated goal for over five years . ”
No other service members would testify against Golsteyn , even when they were offered immunity from prosecution .
Hunter says he 'll continue to champion on Golsteyn 's behalf .
“ Golsteyn is an American hero – a true warrior , in fact . Why the Army is hell-bent on destroying a combat hero 's career is truly astonishing , ” Hunter wrote , adding that the Army has “ the ability to fix this stupidity . ”
Army spokesperson Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson reportedly said in a statement that it would be “ inappropriate to comment further regarding an ongoing investigation . ”
If Atlanta Falcons free safety Ricardo Allen was a little fatigued this past Sunday , no one would have blamed him .
Last Thursday and Friday , Allen spent 14-plus hours at the hospital alongside their wife , Grace , who gave birth to their second child .
Lennon Grace Allen was born just before 9 p.m . The Allens did n't get into their room with their new daughter until between 11:30 p.m. and midnight .
`` I was in there at the hospital from 7 p.m. on Thursday until about 9:30 the next morning , '' Allen said . `` I was there to see the baby . I was there to be with the baby . By the time we got to the room , ( Grace ) told me to just go to sleep . ''
Allen followed their wife 's wishes , curling up in the chair beside them
`` Coach Q ( Dan Quinn ) told me to come in later Friday , so it was cool , '' Allen said . `` I practiced , but I did n't go to the meetings . They know I know my stuff . I film study . I was ready to roll . I just had to get my sleep . ''
Allen played all 61 defensive snaps in the Falcons ' 25-20 win over the New York Jets . They had a pass interference call he 'd like to take back , but Allen put it behind en route to victory .
Was they tired ?
`` Nah , '' Allen said , `` because it 's football . And my wife does a really good job with the babies . ''
The Camino provides life transformations for many people . Just take a look at what these pilgrims have to say about what the Camino provided for them .
Camino Reflections by an Awkward British Wanderluster
Hans Walked the Camino for Daan
Weaving Words and Photos into the Tapestry of My Life
by Sister Anita Fearday , AKA Pilgrim Weaver
Pilgrim Interview : European Peace Walk
Lucy and Oliver 's Camino Honeymoon
Camino Couple Giving Back as Hospitaleros
Francis & Anna Kim : Our First Date All Over Again
Pilgrim Interviews : Four Men from Malta
Pilgrim Interviews : Pug and Cat ( Sebastian , Finn , Bandito , and Luigi )
Pilgrim Interview : Andrea Prestes , Brazilian Journalist
What the Camino Provides for Yvonne Simon ( my German doppelgänger )
What the Spirit of the Camino taught me about love
By Jane Blanchard
What the Camino provided for Leslie Gilmour
What the Caminos provided for the Ensuite Pilgrim
What the Camino provided for Pauline
Pilgrim Interview : Mike Miller
Pilgrim Interview : Cathy Seitchik Diaz
What the Camino provided for Pablo Allen
If you 'd like to contribute your Camino story , use the form below or email me with your text , photos or video . The guidelines are simple . Introduce yourself , describe what Camino route ( s ) you 've experienced , and share what the Camino provided for you . It can be a personal essay , or a short and sweet reminiscence . If you are a Bay Area resident or visitor and would like to set up an in-person interview , let me know ! I can produce short videos and help you bring your Camino story to life .
The Camino Provides Patches
The Camino Provides Official Patches are available on Etsy.com/shop/caminoprovides .
See how people use their patches on the Patch Gallery .
Marvel 's Doctor Strange is casting spells on large audiences this weekend .
Doctor Strange earned $ 32.6 million on Friday , including Thursday night showings . Marvel Studios ' latest is now set for a $ 84 million opening weekend .
DreamWorks Animations Trolls landed in second place . The animated feature earned $ 12.3 million on Friday and is set to go for $ 44 million over the weekend . Mel Gibson 's Hacksaw Ridge landed in third place . Hacksaw Ridge earned $ 5.2 million on Friday and is expected to total about $ 14 million by the end of the weekend . Be sure to read ComicBook.com 's Hacksaw Ridge review
In Doctor Strange , Dr. Stephen Strange 's ( Benedict Cumberbatch ) life changes after a car accident robs them of the use of their hands . When traditional medicine fails him , they look for healing , and hope , in a mysterious enclave . They quickly learn that the enclave is at the front line of a battle against unseen dark forces bent on destroying reality . Before long , Strange is forced to choose between their life of fortune and status or leave it all behind to defend the world as the most powerful sorcerer in existence . Doctor Strange is directed by Scott Derrickson , who wrote the screenplay with C. Robert Cargill from a story by Derrickson , Cargill , and Jon Spaihts . Doctor Strange stars Benedict Cumberbatch , Chiwetel Ejiofor , Rachel McAdams , Benedict Wong , Michael Stuhlbarg , Benjamin Bratt , Scott Adkins , Mads Mikkelsen , and Tilda Swinton . In Trolls , after the Bergens invade Troll Village , Poppy ( Kendrick ) , the happiest Troll ever born , and the overly-cautious curmudgeonly Branch ( Timberlake ) set off on a journey to rescue their friends . Together , this mismatched duo embark on a rescue mission full of adventure and mishaps - trying to tolerate each other long enough to get the job done .
The ‘ American Nightmare , ' Cody Rhodes was the most recent guest on the Sam Roberts Wrestling Podcast , which you can listen to the entire interview at this link . Below is a transcript of Cody detailing their worst experience on the Independent Wrestling Circuit thus far :
I had one very bad experience in the Independent scene . The crowd was an amazing crowd ; I got to wrestle Donovan Dijak , and if you 've seen Donovan Dijak , they are extremely good , so I was really happy with the match . I 'll tell the story without naming the promotion , but long story short , there was a promotion out in Connecticut that they had scheduled me to wrestle against Dijak . They had it on the books for months and I never heard of them , even doing my homework , they had n't done a lot of events . It was a younger individual who was running this company . It 's less about the money and more about the opponent , that is why there is n't a true rate in this . Like , for example , I 've always wanted to wrestle Matt Cross so I think I wrestled them for free , I do n't know , I probably did n't . Anyway , this guy got me to wrestle against Dijak ; we ended up working in Ring of Honor and had a couple of matches prior to this . This was months out , I got contacted to go back on the set of Arrow to film an episode that just aired a few weeks ago . So , this was months out and I wanted to give them a heads-up . I am looking at the schedule thinking there is almost no way I am going to make this guy 's show .
Let 's just contact them and find a suitable replacement and all that . The next bit of correspondence , this gentleman asking me about a sponsor dinner , meaning they had booked a bar & grill saying that I was going to be there and it was going to be a post-show party ; like saying , all of us who had gone to a Wrestle-Pro event then afterwards we would all meet up at this spot . They told me that the event kind of hinges me to be there , and I was very forthcoming , like , hey , it 's unlikely that I am going to be at the show in the first place but we are doing everything we can to get there , but I do n't know if I can be able to make it to the post-show dinner . That was the last bit of correspondence that I had with him ; the rest of the correspondence had dealt with them and my Manager , which sounds kind of snooty , but that was how it was . It got to the point where I had to take a flight from Vancouver in the morning to Hartford , and I was going to be there 30 minutes before the show actually started . It was n't the end of the world , we were going at the end of the night , so it 's not the end of the world , it was happening later in the night so we could make it happen . Had there been a single travel woe , I would n't have made it . I am still on the set of Arrow at 4 in the morning the night before , laying on the rooftop in a cold pool of rain water with the character Diggle pointing a fake gun at me , doing the same scene over and over again , and I 'm not saying anything or really needed , but I 'm there . As the time is going by , I 'm thinking to myself that it is 4 in the morning , there is just no way I can make it . I should be at the airport already because it takes 2 hours in customs . I 'm in Canada , so the Arrow people are super accommodating ; they put me in a van , changed my clothes , just brilliant . I mean , I 'm a glorified extra on the show , asking for my own ride , but they took care of me great .
I made my first flight , I missed the first flight after going through customs and barely made the second flight . I 'm so nervous because I do n't know when I am on because I had a suit on and my wrestling gear underneath it because I was convinced that this guy is not going to communicate with me I 'm not going to make the show . Long story short , I decided that I made it , I had time to talk with Dijak , and let 's go balls to the wall . I am going to no sleep , but who cares , I can get through this and sleep all night , no big deal . We get through the match , we finish , everyone seemed really excited about the match . They told me that it was a record crowd . I felt a super sense of accomplishment , until afterward when they ask me if I am still up for that dinner ? I said that I honestly do n't think I will be able to make it because I have n't slept , and I think I 'm just going to hit the hay . This is my first bad experience was in this one phrase , well , do you want to get paid ? I did n't know what to do ; like , part of me wanted to move my hand , and everyone is looking . I looked at them and walked into the other room and literally just texted my wife asking what I should do . Brandi Rhodes is super , circle the wagon , let 's beat him—she 's not helpful in this regard , and then I came back in and I told them that I did n't want their money . I am going to sign these 8×10 's for the gentlemen in the restaurant and I 'm going to go . My driver took me halfway to the hotel , and on the way to the hotel I said , you know what , let 's go to that dinner . We turn around , go to the dinner , nobody has any interest that I am at the dinner . The guy cards me when I come in , marks my hand and everything , okay cool , I start to eat and the guy who threatened to not pay me , and a standing ovation from their minions . At that point I just got up and left ; I just did n't want to be attached to the event any longer . Sorry for such a long journey I took you on , but there is a second part when a Referee said to me after they heard the initial phrase , do you want to get paid , this random Referee seemed really nice up to that point , they said , hey man , you ca n't blow them off like that , the last guy that did that was Kevin Nash . I 'm thinking , I did n't blow them off ; I did n't know . Their whole crew is just staring at me , just a terrible experience . That was the one bad experience I had after the entire year .
This winter it will have been five years since Steven Spielberg teamed with Peter Jackson to bring Hergé ‘ s iconic intrepid reporter to the big screen in The Adventures of Tintin . The motion-capture performance film was n't a massive hit in the United States , earning $ 77.5 million , but since the comic that inspired it is much more popular overseas , it pulled in $ 296 million from the rest of the world . That was enough for Jackson and Spielberg to make the next chapter in what they hoped would be a trilogy from the beginning .
In the years since then though , updates have been hopeful , but without an evidence of a sequel actually coming together . Now we have a slight update on the status of Adventures of Tintin 2 . The good news is that Spielberg and Jackson still want to make the sequel . But the more interesting news is that Jackson is already working on a secret project for Spielberg 's Amblin Entertainment . What could it be ?
Speaking with The New Zealand Herald ( via The Playlist ) promoting this weekend 's release of The BFG , Spielberg had this to say about their future collaborations with Peter Jackson :
“ Peter was so busy with ‘ The Hobbit ' that it took them away from ‘ Tintin ' and he 's doing another film for my company now . It 's a secret , nobody knows about it . Then after that he 'll do ‘ Tintin . ' ”
We 've heard Spielberg and Jackson both say that Tintin would happen sometime in the future , but it 's been five years since that happened and the last solid update we heard on the matter was back in 2013 . But honestly , I just might be more excited about this secret project that Jackson is working on .
There 's no indication from Spielberg as to what the project might be , but one of the possibilities could be that gestating Dam Busters movie Jackson was kicking around for awhile . The film was a remake of the 1955 film of the same name about a Royal Air Force squadron tasked with blowing up dams during World War II . However , that was something that Jackson was only going to produce and was never attached to direct . Spielberg did n't directly say Jackson was directing a movie for Amblin though , so that does n't necessarily rule it out .
Another possibility posited by the original report is a smaller film along the lines of Jackson 's intimate drama Heavenly Creatures from 1994 . More specifically , Jackson has been said to be interested in the story As Nature Made Him : The Boy Who Was Raised as a Girl . The book tells the true story of Canadian man David Reimer who was raised a female after a botched circumcision when they were aged just seven months .
Beyond those two possibilities , we 're not sure what this project for Jackson could be . At the very least , we can be happy that Peter Jackson and Steven Spielberg are collaborating again , and they still have n't forgotten about The Adventures of Tintin : Prisoner of the Sun , which may or may not still be the sequel 's title .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Last Saturday , New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman announced that they were filing a lawsuit against real estate mogul and hair victim Donald Trump , alleging that their Trump University real-estate training program had engaged in “ persistent fraudulent , illegal and deceptive conduct. ” The charges claim that Trump U , which is not licensed as an actual school , had promised that “ Donald Trump 's handpicked instructor ” would share their investing secrets , but more often left its “ students ” with diminished savings or tens of thousands of dollars in debt . Instead of the savvy investment advice and contact with willing and interested financial backers , students were run through a series of increasingly expensive seminars that mostly served to cajole them into signing up for the next seminar .
According to Schneiderman , more than 5,000 people paid Trump University some $ 40 million , a quarter of which went straight to Trump himself . “ Mr . Trump used their celebrity status and personally appeared in commercials making false promises to convince people to spend tens of thousands of dollars they could n't afford on lessons they never got , ” Schniederman said in a press release . In the filing , they accuse Trump University of “ deceptive acts and practices , ” false advertising , “ operating an unlicensed private school , ” refusing to provide mandated refunds , and other misdeeds .
Here are the lawsuit 's nine most damning allegations :
1 . Trump U 's “ handpicked ” instructors did n't know anything about real estate : Trump University , the filing alleges , “ repeatedly claimed that prospective students would be taught by successful real estate ‘ experts ' who were ‘ handpicked ' by Donald Trump . In fact , respondents lacked substantiation for the claims that their instructors and mentors were successful real estate entrepreneurs . Not a single one was ‘ handpicked ' by Donald Trump . Many came to Trump University from jobs having little to do with real estate investments , and some came to Trump University shortly after their real estate investing caused them to go into bankruptcy . ”
2 . The Donald was a no-show : “ Trump University speakers repeatedly insinuated that Donald Trump would appear at the three-day seminar , claiming that ‘ he is going to be in town ' or ‘ often drops by ' and ‘ might show up ' or had just left , or baited students with the promise of a ‘ surprise ' or a ‘ special guest speaker . ' As students later discovered , these claims were untrue . Rather than being photographed with Donald Trump , they were offered the chance to have photos taken with a life-size photo of Donald Trump . ”
3 . Trump U rigged its course ratings : Before the suit was filed , Trump pushed back preemptively , starting a website to make their case . “ Trump University has a 98 % approval rating , ” the site reads , “ So why is New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman wasting millions in taxpayer money going after them ? ” : According to the filing , “ Trump University instructors also asked that students complete evaluations in order to receive their Certificates of Competition for the course and ‘ pleaded for a favorable rating so that ‘ Mr . Trump would invite [ them ] back to do other retreats . ' Mentors compelled students to complete the non-anonymous evaluations in their presence , filled out the forms themselves or pressured students into giving them higher scores or completing the evaluations before they had an opportunity to see if Trump University 's promises would be fulfilled . ”
“ Rather than being photographed with Donald Trump , [ students ] were offered the chance to have photos taken with a life-size photo of Donald Trump . ”
4 . Trump U pretended to be a school : “ Some instructors claimed that a Trump degree ‘ is a bit of a college degree ' and that Trump offered ‘ graduate programs , post graduate programs , [ and ] doctorate programs . ' ” Furthermore , “ Instructors routinely referred to themselves as ‘ faculty ' and to the Trump University program participants as ‘ students ' and then ‘ graduates ' after completing a course and going through ‘ graduation . ' ”
5 . Trump did n't develop the curriculum : “ The contents and materials presented by Trump University were developed in large part by a third party company that creates and develops materials for an array of motivational speakers and seminar and time-share rental companies…Trump University 's repeated claims that the seminar material consisted of Donald Trump 's own personal strategies were part of a deliberate effort to appropriate generic material common to motivational seminars on real estate and to characterize this material as being Donald Trump 's own proprietary information . ”
6 . Not-so-secret investing secrets : “ Instructors represented that the three-day seminar would provide special instruction to students on how to obtain ‘ private ' or ‘ hard money ' sources of financing , rather than traditional loans from banks…In fact , there is no evidence that the three-day seminars contained substantive instruction on ‘ how to raise private money , ' and the supposedly special ‘ database ' of lenders turned out to be a list photocopied from an issue of Scotsman Guide , a commercially available magazine . ”
7 . Trump was in it for the money : “ Trump University also claimed that Donald Trump was not profiting from Trump University and founded it solely for philanthropic purposes . According to Trump University speakers , students ' payments for the three-day seminars would not go to Donald Trump . In fact , Donald Trump netted about $ 5 million in profit . ”
8 . The seminar was a bait and switch : “ When students reached Trump University 's three-day seminar , they learned that contrary to what they had been promised at the free seminars , they were not going to learn everything they needed to know to start investing . Instead they were told they had to purchase additional programs to get the help they would supposedly need—and that they would fail if they did not continue at Trump University .
9 . Students were told to lie to their credit card companies : Instructors “ urged students to call their credit card companies during a break in the sessions , requesting increases to their credit limits…Trump University even provided handouts with scripted talking points for students to use in their phone calls with credit card companies , explicitly encouraging people to falsify their current income , ‘ add [ ing ] projected income from our future real estate venture [ s ] , ' and to deceive credit card companies by declaring income streams from corporate entities that had not been created , with a script telling students : ‘ If they ask you to prove income , inform them that it will be too much trouble to put all the paperwork together . '… Trump University misrepresentations regarding credit limits had the effect of damaging students ' credit scores , contrary to the claims made at the free seminars that Trump University would help increase students ' credit scores . ”
Edwin Starr famously sang about how war is good for absolutely nothing . They clearly are n't thinking about the performance of defense stocks though .
Shares of several big contractors are trading at all-time highs and have outperformed the market by a wide margin since the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria started making headlines on a nearly daily basis this summer .
Lockheed Martin ( LMT ) , Raytheon ( RTN ) , General Dynamics ( GD ) and Northrop Grumman ( NOC ) each hit records on Friday . And all four stocks are up about 10 % since the beginning of August , compared to a 4 % gain for the S & P 500 .
Given what 's going on in the Middle East , it seems that investors are betting on a boost to military spending to deal with ISIS .
President Obama has called for more airstrikes against ISIS .
And several Republican lawmakers have recently suggested that there may be a need to repeal some of the planned cuts to the Department of Defense 's budget that are part of the so-called sequester -- the forced pullback in overall spending by the federal government .
Related : Many stocks throughout the market are trading at record highs
But is the possibility of a military budget boost already priced in ? If the rally in the stocks over the past two months is in anticipation of more defense spending , the stocks may not go much further , even if there is an actual increase . You could have a classic case of Wall Street buying the rumor and selling the news .
What 's more , it 's not clear if the resources needed to fight ISIS will be anything close to what was spent in Iraq during the second Gulf War from 2003 through the end of 2011 .
Still , the defense sector has typically thrived during times of conflict . Many of the stocks rallied following the first Gulf War in 1991 . The group also did well in late 2001 and early 2002 as the U.S. was fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan in response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
No matter what happens in Syria and Iraq though , there is a good chance that the stocks could continue to do well .
Keep in mind that they 're at record levels despite the budget sequester . Defense companies have all cut costs to keep profits up -- even though revenue growth has become more sluggish lately . Some companies are even expected to report declining sales for the next few years .
Investors must also appreciate the big dividends from the group . That provides security at a time when the overall market has become more volatile . Raytheon , Northrop Grumman and General Dynamics have dividends that yield more than 2 % . Lockheed 's yield is over 3 % .
So defense stocks may still have some big moves ( up or down ) based on the latest headlines out of Iraq and Syria . But they look like a pretty safe bet for the long haul .
Professional Wrestling legend John Cena talks about being nervous on the set of `` TrainWreck '' alongside Amy Schumer and other A-list comedians .
A FORMER WWE star has spectacularly trolled ex-porn star and now sport reporter Mia Khalifa after they called wrestling “ embarrassing ” .
Khalifa , 24 , was discussing UFC fighter Ronda Rousey 's move to WWE on YouTube show Out of Bounds .
Never one to hold back with their views , the adult movie legend said : “ This is where their career will go to die .
“ I have no respect for the WWE , its not a real sport . It 's embarrassing . ”
But Hurricane Helms , a former WWE fan favourite , hit back with a knockout punch on Twitter .
And a host of wrestling supporters loved it as they referred to their exploits in the porn business .
They wrote : “ I 'm not gon na get upset that a porn star does n't respect Pro Wrestling . She 's entitled to their opinion .
“ Our bodies take a pounding and well… so does hers . ”
I 'm not gon na get upset that a Porn Star does n't respect Pro Wrestling . She 's entitled to their opinion . Our bodies take a pounding . and well ... so does hers . 😁👍🏻 https : //t.co/HGl4l6ksGG — Hurricane Helms ( @ ShaneHelmsCom ) December 7 , 2017
Khalifa is usually pretty sharp when it comes to the world of social media after becoming notorious for revealing direct messages after luring in a host of American sport stars .
However , just a few weeks ago they got more than they bargained for when they got in touch with NFL Pittsburgh Steelers ace JuJu Smith-Schuster .
ALBANY — Gov . Cuomo is out to kick cigarette smugglers in the butt .
In an effort to crack down on the sale of illegal smokes in New York , Cuomo is set to announce Monday a 13-agency task force dedicated to keep illegal cigarettes out of the state .
“ This new law-enforcement strategy will help to crack down on these illegal cigarette sales and capture those smugglers who seek to evade the law and rob the state of the revenue it is rightly owed , ” Cuomo said .
A recent study by the Tax Foundation revealed that almost 57 percent of cigarettes smoked in New York were bought into the state illegally , the highest of any state . That was a 20 percent increase from the previous study , conducted in 2006 .
New York state has the highest cigarette-tax rate in the country , making trafficking a profitable and attractive enterprise .
New Yorkers burn a hefty $ 4.35 per pack in taxes — and those who light up in the Big Apple are slapped with an additional $ 1.50 tax per pack .
In comparison , Missouri , has h the lowest cigarette tax , at only 17 cents per pack , according to the study .
“ Public policies often have unintended consequences that outweigh their benefits , ” Tax Foundation Economist Scott Drenkard said in the report .
A 2012 study by the Virginia State Crime Commission gave an example in which smugglers could profit an estimated $ 4 million on 800 cases when first buying the cigarettes in a low-tax state like Virginia and then selling them in New York City , according to the Tax Foundation 's study .
Virginia 's cigarette tax is just 30 cents a pack .
In 2013 , two men were sent to prison for trying to smuggle more than 1 million unstamped cartons from Virginia into New York City and the Albany region .
The profit margin on smuggled cartons is higher than that on the sale of illegal drugs such as cocaine , heroin and marijuana , the study showed .
There are fines and penalties already in place to try to prevent such actions that end up robbing the state 's coffers of sales tax .
Penalties for selling illegal cigarettes can include a $ 600-per-carton fine and possible criminal charges . But the enforcement has been lax .
The Tax Foundation 's study suggests some enforcement officials “ turn a blind eye ” to illegal shipments .
The new task force will include federal , state , and county agencies and will be headed by former NYPD Detective Michael Spinosa .
Spinosa , who is currently with the state Tax Department 's Criminal Investigations Division , has already seized smuggled cigarettes in 18 different cases , Cuomo said .
The singer inserted a few expletives into their remarks at the D.C. protest , adding `` Yes I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House . ''
Madonna dropped three f-bombs during their remarks at the Women 's March on Washington on Saturday . The singer 's remarks aired uncensored on C-SPAN , CNN and MSNBC .
The Queen of Pop began their remarks by addressing the crowd of an estimated 500,000 women ( and men ) in the nation 's capital and alluding to Donald Trump becoming the 45th President of the United States , saying `` Welcome to the revolution of love , to the rebellion , to our refusal as women to accept this new age of tyranny , where not just women are in danger but all marginalized people , where being uniquely different right now might truly be considered a crime . It took this horrific moment of darkness to wake us the f -- - up . ''
They later said , `` To our detractors that insist that this march will never add up to anything , f -- - you . '' They then repeated the expletive for a third time .
Both CNN and MSNBC quickly cut away after Madonna 's third f-word , with CNN 's Brooke Baldwin apologizing for the expletives that they aired .
But C-SPAN stuck with their ongoing coverage of the march .
The moment came as Trump looks to name Ajit Pai as the new chairperson of the Federal Communications Commission , succeeding Tom Wheeler . It 's unclear how Pai would police indecency on the airwaves .
Madonna insisted , as many of the speakers at Saturday 's star-studded demonstration did , that the protest was `` the beginning . ''
They suggested that during the 2016 presidential election , `` It seems as though we had all slipped into a false sense of comfort , that justice would prevail , that good would win in the end . Well , good did not win this election , but good will win in the end . So what today means is that we are far from the end . Today marks the beginning , the beginning of our story . The revolution starts here , the fight for the right to be free , to be who we are , to be equal . Let 's march together through this darkness and with each step know that we are not afraid , that we are not alone , that we will not back down , that there is power in our unity and that no opposing force stands a chance in the face of true solidarity . ''
They later added , `` It is the beginning of much-needed change . Change will require sacrifice and many of us to make different choices in our lives . But this is the hallmark . ''
After leading the crowd in chants of `` Yes , we 're ready , '' Madonna added , `` I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House , and I know this wo n't change anything . We can not fall into despair . ''
Instead , they said that they would `` choose love . ''
Madonna then performed `` Express Yourself '' and `` Human Nature , '' dedicating the latter song to President Trump , but they said they could n't even say their name , merely stating that the performance went out to `` the new DT in the White House . 'D ' could stand for dick . I do n't know . ''
The Queen of Pop was just one of the many Hollywood stars who participated in the D.C. demonstration . America Ferrera , Michael Moore , Scarlett Johansson , Ashley Judd and Van Jones addressed the strikingly large crowd . And many other celebrities documented their experience going to the rally and march via social media . Similar marches also occurred in New York , L.A. , London , Berlin , Amsterdam and at the Sundance Film Festival .
Much entertainment industry figures , including CNN and MSNBC contributors , chimed in on Madonna 's language , with MSNBC 's Lawrence O'Donnell suggesting that they should n't have been censored .
If Trump 's `` grab them by the pussy '' did n't offend you , you do n't get to complain about people telling Trump to fuck off . — George Takei ( @ GeorgeTakei ) January 21 , 2017
Retweet if you do n't need TV networks to protect your ears from @ Madonna using words we all use . — Lawrence O'Donnell ( @ Lawrence ) January 21 , 2017
If Madonna 's F-bomb offends you , I just hope you were also offended when Trump bragged about `` p * * * y grabbing . '' pic.twitter.com/w0OHANINCA — Keith Boykin ( @ keithboykin ) January 21 , 2017
What I will remember from the last two days . Vividly . People smashing up downtown DC and Madonna talking about blowing up the WH . — Amanda Carpenter ( @ amandacarpenter ) January 21 , 2017
The team at Canucks Army has been pretty busy pumping out a lot of content on the Prospect Cohort Success % ( PCS % ) and PCS points per game ( PCS p/GM ) . For primer on these new stats see the piece Josh Weissbock published earlier this week .
In general , the PCS system finds the closest matches for a particular player in terms of age , league , height , and points , then calculates the percentage of that player 's peers who play over 200 NHL games ( PCS % ) and the NHL points per game of those peers who successfully made the NHL ( PCS p/GM ) . I argued recently , that when evaluating prospects we can use PCS % to evaluate the risk of a player not making the NHL , and PCS p/GM to estimate the reward associated with the player in terms of NHL scoring potential .
The elegance of this model , is it allows you to track prospect development over team , by reassessing their PCS % and PCS p/GM after each season in what we call PCS % Development Curves .
After the jump I 'll review the PCS % Development Curves for the top Canucks Forward Prospects .
Bo Horvat – 9th Overall Pick in the 2013 NHL Draft
The first player I want to profile is Bo Horvat , not because he 's still a prospect , but because their development curve is shows exactly the type of growth you hope to see from one of the top prospects in the Canucks system . As has been discussed a fair amount , Horvat 's offensive production in their 17 year-old season raised red flags for many here at this blog . The graph illustrates the concerns many of us had , as at that time their closest peer 's turned into NHLer less than 1 in 5 times ( PCS % 19 % 0 . When they were successful they scored at an average of 33 points over an 82 game schedule . This is n't the stat line you 're hoping for with a top pick in a relatively strong draft . However , Horvat has steadily improved each year , and was excellent in their rookie year with the Canucks . Their peers based on their latest season went on to successful ( ie over 200 NHL game ) seasons 81 % of the time and averaged 47 points over a full 82 game schedule . This , on the other hand , is exactly what you hope to see from a top pick in a good draft in their 19 year old season .
Alex Grenier – 90th Overall Pick in the 2011 NHL Draft
At the time Grenier was drafted , they would n't have been considered a low risk pick with a draft year PCS % of only 8 % , however their PCS % steadily increasing each year . Roughly 1 in 5 similar players to them went on to play 200 NHL games , which is n't bad considering their odds when they were drafted . Their PCS p/GM of 0.36 projects to be 30 points a year over an 82 game schedule , which would be a serviceable bottom six players for the Canucks .
Hunter Shinkaruk – 24th overall pick in the 2013 NHL Draft
Hunter Shinkaruk probably is n't discussed as much as they should be , probably because of the injury last year which derailed their 18 year-old season . As we can see from the chart above , he 's rebounded a bit this year in the AHL , despite playing under a short leash for Travis Green . It will be very interesting to see how they develop next year , whether it be in Utica or Vancouver .
Nicklas Jensen – 29th overall pick in the 2011 NHL Draft
Jensen has a very interesting curve . In their draft year , their 0.52 p/GM showed some the potential of a top 6 forward , but that has decreased ever since , with the exception of their short stint in the NHL last season . This seems to confirm management 's position that if Jensen will make it in the NHL it will be in a bottom six roles . While they did show promise last year in their NHL stint , overall its looking like they are in a position not too dissimilar from that of Alex Grenier .
Cole Cassels 85th overall pick in the 2013 NHL Draft
Cole Cassels has been getting a ton of press lately with their strong play in the memorial cup . What we see in their development curve is encouraging as well , with steady increase to their PCS % and PCS p/GM . As it stands now , almost 1 in 4 of their comparables went on to successful NHL careers , averaging the equivalent of 37 points a year , which means they likely has middle 6 potential , if they make it . Next year will be a huge year for Cassels as if they can establish themselves in the AHL it will bode very well for their potential career as an NHLer in the future .
Jared McCann – 24th overall pick in the 2014 NHL Draft
McCann is similar to Shinkaruk in that they had a rock-star 16 year-old season . In their draft year , their PCS % dipped a little as the focus was on them playing a two way game as the top defensive center on their team , but its that dip that probably helped them slide to the Canucks at 24 . As we 've seen this past year , their offensive output has exploded on a stacked Greyhounds team , and they very much looks like a solid , middle-six potential prospect .
Jake Virtanen – 6th Overall Pick in the 2014 NHL Draft
I 've been pretty clear in my thoughts on the Virtanen pick , so I 'm not going to go into the high opportunity cost associated with this pick . However , when looking at the PCS curve we do get a glimpse of what management saw which we may have potentially missed , specifically their high 0.6 PCS p/GM in their 16 and 17 year old seasons . This means that their peers that made it to they NHL averaged roughly 49 points over a full 82 game seasons , which does suggest that 1st line upside is not out of the question for him , assuming he 's able to crack the NHL . Obviously , this year they struggled due to injury , but he 's shown promise of late , averaging 1.75 shots/game in their 4 playoff games with Utica thus far .
Brendan Gaunce – 26th Overall Pick in the 2012 NHL Draft
Gaunce actually had a pretty solid draft year , with a 27 % PCS , and a PCS p/GM which would equate to 41 points over an 82 game schedule , but both metrics declined in their draft +1 and draft +2 seasons , which is why their bounce back AHL rookie season is encouraging . With only 1 out of 4 of their comparables turning into NHLers , Gaunce has a long way to go , and their PCS p/GM of .34 indicates that they likely only has bottom 6 upsides at this stage .
Sven Baertschi – 13th Overall Pick in the 2011 NHL Draft
When Jim Benning traded a second round pick for Sven Bartschi , most of at Canucks Army were pretty excited about the move , and the graph above illustrates why . Over the past 5 seasons , Bartschi 's PCS p/GM has consistently been in the 0.48 – 0.62 range , when including their NHL date , meaning that their peers that made it scored on average in the 40-50 point range , which is top 6 potential . Further , he 's played a significant amount of time in the NHL over the past three seasons , which bodes well for their potential as an NHLer . Considering the majority of second round picks in the NHL do n't amount to NHLers , acquiring a player of Bartschi 's age and potential is a shot in the arm for the Canucks prospect depth .
Conclusion
PCS as a model will continue to evolve as we layer in more and more factors . Today 's iteration only includes age , point production , height and league , so in many ways it 's a rudimentary tool . That said , the progress we 're making in being able to assess prospects and prospect development is encouraging . We 've come a long way , but we still have a long way to go . As we add more layers of complexity , our projections will continue to get better .
Blackboard said it will hold a scholarship competition . Is Oprah next ? iStockPhoto
President Barack Obama , Bill Gates , Oprah Winfrey and the Kardashian family – you have 24 hours to pay struggling students ' college tuition .
Seeing how the power of social media caused the ALS # IceBucketChallenge to spread like wildfire , college students last week began asking politicians , celebrities and big businesses to pay their college tuition , using the hashtag # PayMyTuitionChallenge on Twitter . But what started out as a facetious way to spotlight a genuine concern of millions of Americans actually caught the attention of a few organizations that are providing opportunities for students to win scholarships .
Seeing hundreds of students tweeting their concerns , education technology company Blackboard responded Friday afternoon , saying it had accepted the challenge and that it will be holding a scholarship competition . The company is asking students to answer the question , `` How will you use your education to make the world a better place ? ''
The Twitter campaign , Blackboard said on its website , `` is a fun and creative idea that addresses a serious topic . ''
National Financial Advisor Week – a week-long series of events organized by AdviceIQ – also is taking part in the tuition challenge . One student will be selected from a lottery for a financial counseling session and an `` all-expenses paid education at the college of their choice . ''
While it 's a long shot to expect the rich and famous to chip in for tuition payments for thousands of students , the campaign sheds light on how the rising cost of college can prevent some from a higher education , and how college debt can stay with individuals long after they graduate .
I challenge myself to the # PayMyTuitionChallenge . Oh wait , I already did that . — Ethan Pollitt ( @ ethanpollitt ) August 25 , 2014
Done w/college but still owe tuition so I nominate # CarmeloAnthony . They got good $ from NY Knicks so they can afford it # PayMyTuitionChallenge — Isabel ( @ MissIsabelC ) August 24 , 2014
Trend data on tuition prices from the College Board shows the published tuition and fees at four-year public colleges increased by nearly 51 percent between the 2003-04 and 2013-14 school years . Likewise , tuition at four-year private , nonprofit schools increased by 25 percent , and tuition at two-year public colleges rose 35 percent during the same time .
Most students , however , do n't pay published tuition prices . After grants and scholarships are taken into account , the remaining amount that students owe – the net price – has also grown , but at a slower pace . The net price of tuition and fees , as well as room and board , has increased by 34.3 percent at four-year public colleges and by 2.9 percent at four-year private colleges . It has actually decreased by 12.2 percent at two-year public colleges , according to the College Board data .
The purchasing value of Pell Grants has n't kept pace with tuition growth . The College Board
Still , students are feeling the pinch as many grant programs have n't kept pace with tuition growth . The maximum Pell Grant award covered 87 percent of the average tuition at a four-year public college in 2003-04 , but covered just 63 percent of the cost in 2013-14 . A large influx of federal spending on grant programs kept net prices low during the height of the Great Recession , but that cash has now plateaued and led to an increase during the last few years .
To fill the gap , students often resort to federal loans . During the 2011-12 school year , just more than 50 percent of all college students took out student loans , with an average loan amount of $ 6,765 , according to data from the Department of Education . Ten years earlier , nearly 41 percent of college students took out loans , with an average amount of $ 5,154 when adjusted for inflation .
Some have argued the solution is n't to keep pumping money into federal aid programs , and that doing so could actually exacerbate the problem . Andrew Kelly , director of the Center on Higher Education Reform at the American Enterprise Institute , has argued the real problem is n't the price of college , but rather the cost of delivering a college education .
`` So long as colleges spend more each year to educate their students , either students or taxpayers will have to foot the bill . ... But as soon as we put more money in , its purchasing power is quickly washed away by further increases in spending , '' Kelly wrote in an October blog post . `` Until colleges and universities have an incentive to contain their costs , all the subsidies in the world will be hard-pressed to keep college affordable over the long haul . ''
