Self-driving cars are on the horizon whether you like it or not . Multiple car manufacturers and an increasing number of tech companies are developing solutions to remove control away from a human driver . There are many benefits to doing this once it 's perfected , including lower fuel consumption , fewer accidents , and greatly improved traffic flow .
From a driver 's perspective there also seems to be another advantage : because you no longer need to drive , you can focus on other things while in the car . Why not watch a movie , surf the web , read a book , or play a game ? All those things may keep you entertained , but you probably wo n't be able to do them , at least , not for very long .
A survey carried out by the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute asked 3,200 adults from across the US , UK , Australia , China , Japan , and India , what they expected to do instead of driving when traveling in a self-driving car . A large percentage stated the activities mentioned above .
Motion sickness happens when there is a conflict between vision and balance . The inner ear tells your brain that motion is occurring , but if your eyes are focused on an activity like reading a book or watching a movie , the movement is n't registered and the conflict is created . The brain reacts to this in the same way as it reacts to detecting poisons–it makes you want to vomit , and in some cases dizzy and tired as well .
So what does this mean for a future where self-driving cars are the norm ? Lots of motion sickness or boredom as far as I can tell . Sure , you can do these interesting activities to stop being bored , but a lot of people are going to feel sick if they do . However , such a situation just presents another opportunity . There are already devices to stave off motion sickness , if they can be adapted for self driving cars while at the same time allowing you to enjoy entertainment activities , someone is going to make a lot of money .
The cars can be designed to help , including ensuring everyone faces forward , there are large windows , and any displays are semi-transparent allowing you to see past them while looking at content , be that video , images , or text .
Interestingly , NASA has a solution for astronauts suffering from motion sickness : they wear LCD shutter glasses to create stroboscopic vision . Maybe that 's the solution ? We all end up wearing glasses to be driven around…
The Frenchman finished sixth at the F1 season opener after benefiting from the mid-race safety car that meant their team did not need to complete a pit stop .
And well aware how strong the overall pace of the car was , Grosjean believes that more good things should be on the horizon judging by the potential in the chassis .
“ We were a bit lucky with the red flag , but unlucky on Saturday with the qualifying format , ” they said . “ It was a great debut , better than we were expecting , and it will be a race I will remember when getting older .
“ It was good for everyone , and good for F1 having a brand new team coming and showing it is possible to score points . It is a very good thing .
“ It was a good morale boost and confirmation that the car we are driving is probably one of the best I have ever driven . ”
Not complacent
Despite the positive start to its F1 adventure , Grosjean says that Haas is not now expecting every weekend to be as good as Melbourne .
“ I think there is a lot we need to learn and a lot of things we need to do better , ” they said . “ We had the crash in the pits in P3 , we put the car on the track with barely any set-up work , and I am sure if we get more running and more time in the car , then there is more potential to be coming
“ I am not saying we will be top five here this weekend . But it is the beginning for the team . We will have up and downs but it is a good start . ”
Hibo Wardere was six years old when they were held down and cut .
She 's from Somalia but now lives in the UK .
They ca n't go back because she 's spoken out about female genital mutilation - known as FGM .
In their home country 95 % of women have undergone cutting .
Here they tell Newsbeat what they would like to ask the woman who carried out FGM on them
How do they go to sleep every night knowing they have cut hundreds of girls ?
Each girl has a distinctive scream so how do they cope with hundreds and millions of screams in their head ?
How do they cope with our blood on them hands ?
How do they cope with what she 's done to us ?
How do they cope with the maybe hundreds of lives she 's taken because she 's cut the wrong vein ?
How do they cope with all this ?
That 's what I want to ask them
Hibo tells Newsbeat what happened to them
`` It 's a horrific memory . It 's a memory that you ca n't erase and it stays with you for life .
`` Out of nowhere I 'll be watching EastEnders , seeing what 's going on in the pub . Then all of a sudden I can smell my own blood , I can see my own flesh .
`` I can see myself struggling and screaming for mercy .
`` My mother was standing there , my aunty was holding me , cutters and helpers were holding me and they were cutting everything off . ''
I can see myself struggling and screaming for mercy Hibo
`` I had type three ( FGM ) which means your clitoris is gone , vagina lips are gone , everything 's gone . On top of that , they stitch you and they leave you with a tiny hole which you are supposed to be weeing from and menstruating from and in the end - have intercourse from .
`` You are absolutely consumed with pain from head to toe . You literally do not know how to cope with it . Many girls died . I prayed to die that day .
`` You feel unloved , alone , isolated . You feel worthless , a shell of yourself , you 're not a child anymore . You lose trust in others . It 's a nightmare and it 's the beginning of it .
`` Physically you are never out of pain because of the damage they do .
`` When I hit puberty my whole nightmare began because my period was n't coming out right and every month I was in so much pain .
`` It 's a nightmare . I do n't know how to get out of it , even if I talk to therapists , it 's still there .
`` You kind of learn how to cope with it . You do n't have a choice . ''
If you need any help or support on FGM , there 're more on the BBC Advice pages or you can visit the NSPCC website .
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat , search for bbc_newsbeat
Researchers working on Herschel Island this summer say they witnessed rates of coastal erosion not seen in decades .
`` Big chunks of soil and ground just breaking off . Then those chunks would fall into the waves and get eaten away by the waves every day , '' said Isla Myers-Smith , a researcher based at the University of Edinburgh .
Isla Myers-Smith from the University of Edinburgh planting Arctic willows from Qikiqtaruk - Herschel Island in a common garden experiment in Kluane , Yukon . ( Gergana Daskalova )
Coastal erosion is n't new to the area , said Myers-Smith , who has been studying climate change on Herschel Island since 2008 . But the land is disappearing this year at what could be unprecedented speed , they said .
Myers-Smith said large blocks of land the size of garden sheds were breaking off into the ocean near the historic Pauline Cove settlement , threatening the foundations of prehistoric sod houses and the remains of a 19th-century whaling colony .
Herschel Island contains some of the oldest buildings in Yukon .
Pauline Cove has 12 standing buildings dating back to 1893 .
Herschel Island lies five kilometres off the north coast of Yukon in the Beaufort Sea . ( CBC )
The Yukon government 's manager of historic sites , Barb Hogan , said the parks branch began moving buildings in 2002 to protect them from erosion . Others have been raised .
`` Currently one of the buildings , a warehouse , is still fairly close to the shoreline and when storms occur waves are lapping at its foundation , '' said Hogan .
`` So we 're looking at different ways to protect these historic buildings . We 're looking at ways to allow them to dry out between the storms . And looking at ways to see if we need to protect the shoreline , '' they said .
Myers-Smith and their team were on the island for two months . They said the rapid erosion peaked in mid-July and then eased off .
An aerial shot of the slumping that happens on Herschel Island as underground ice melts and the earth turns to mud . ( Andrew Cunliffe )
Them team used drone imagery to quantify what they had seen at ground level and it confirmed their belief that the erosion was rapid .
There 's not much that can be done to stop the erosion once it starts , Myers-Smith said .
`` I think it 's something we just have to recognize about this area , these are sensitive permafrost environments , and when conditions change , disturbances can happen .
`` It 's this magical place for me , '' said Myers-Smith .
`` When you 're standing along those coastlines , watching the waves crashing away , and eating away at the land underneath your feet . It 's pretty dramatic , '' they said .
Them team will continue to monitor changes on the island .
Asylum seekers : Indonesian foreign minister wants answers over allegations Australia paid people smugglers
Updated
Indonesia 's foreign minister says they want answers from Australia over claims navy officials paid people smugglers to turn a boat back into Indonesian waters .
Last month , Australian authorities intercepted a boat carrying 65 asylum seekers .
The crew told police on Indonesia 's Rote Island they had been paid thousands of dollars by Australian officials to turn around .
Indonesia 's foreign minister Retno Marsudi said they had raised the issue with Australia 's ambassador Paul Grigson in Jakarta .
`` I just met the ambassador just now ... so I made use of the opportunity to talk to them directly . Because we 're very concerned if it is confirmed , '' they said .
`` I just asked them 'What is it about , tell me , what is it ? ' .
`` He promised to take my question , my inquiry , to Canberra and they promised to get back to me again . ''
Prime Minister Tony Abbott last week refused to confirm or deny the allegations and instead said the Government would stop the boats `` by hook or by crook '' .
Two of the Prime Minister 's senior ministers rejected the claim and MP Philip Ruddock said the allegations had not been proven .
Indonesian foreign ministry spokesperson Armanatha Nasir said on Saturday the country was investigating the allegations .
`` Of course on Australia 's push-back policy we have been consistently saying they are on a slippery slope , '' they said .
`` And should this situation [ be ] confirmed ... it would be a new low . ''
Professor of International Law at the Australian National University Don Rothwell told the ABC that , under regional protocols , such activity could be tantamount to people smuggling .
ABC/Reuters
Topics : navy , world-politics , government-and-politics , refugees , immigration , australia , indonesia
First posted
Another week , and again we have a few changes in the closer community . Zach Britton was placed on the 10-day DL , which seemed inevitable as they really has n't looked right . Still , they should n't be out much longer than those 10 days and will be back in that top tier discussion upon returning . The Rangers also finally decided to do something about Sam Dyson , placing them on the 10-day with a “ right hand contusion ” . It definitely possibly Matt Bush struggles as Dyson 's replacement and Dyson gets a second chance at the role , but I 'm not feeling optimistic about that . Dyson can be dropped in most leagues as Bush is more than capable of running with the job . Jeurys Familia makes their debut this week also and should prove to be a steal for most owners at that 120 ADP . The Nationals also seem likely to announce a closer change today , most likely turning from Blake Treinen to Shawn Kelley . But it is Dusty Baker , so who knows , maybe Sammy Solis will get the next 2 save opps .
TIER 1 : Nothing Compares 2 U
1 . Kenley Jansen ( Los Angeles Dodgers ) —Pedro Baez , Sergio Romo
2 . Aroldis Chapman ( New York Yankees ) —Dellin Betances , Tyler Clippard
3 . Edwin Diaz ( Seattle Mariners ) —Dan Altavilla , Nick Vincent
The injury to Zach Britton brings this group down to just 3 . Kenley Jansen and Aroldis Chapman have been their typical selves thus far . Jansen 's one bad outing ( in a non-save situation at Coors ) is nothing to be concerned about and Chapman has been lights out .
brings this group down to just 3. and have been their typical selves thus far . Jansen 's one bad outing ( in a non-save situation at Coors ) is nothing to be concerned about and Chapman has been lights out . Edwin Diaz has one bad outing this year . Yes , they let up a HR the other day , but Nomar Mazara is arguably the hottest hitter in baseball through 2 weeks . I 'm sticking with them for now in this tier and think they make for a good buy low candidate potentially , if their owner deems their early struggle ( ‘ s ) could be permanent .
TIER 2 : Save Tonight
4 . Craig Kimbrel ( Boston Red Sox ) —Matt Barnes , Heath Hembree
5 . Mark Melancon ( San Francisco Giants ) —Derek Law , Hunter Strickland
6 . Wade Davis ( Chicago Cubs ) —Pedro Strop , Carl Edwards Jr .
7 . Ken Giles ( Houston Astros ) —Luke Gregerson , Will Harris
8 . Jeurys Familia ( New York Mets ) —Addison Reed , Fernando Salas
9 . Kelvin Herrera ( Kansas City Royals ) —Joakim Soria , Peter Moylan ?
10 . Cody Allen ( Cleveland Indians ) —Andrew Miller , Bryan Shaw
11 . Roberto Osuna ( Toronto Blue Jays ) —Jason Grilli , Joe Biagini
12 . Alex Colome ( Tampa Bay Rays ) —Danny Farquhar , Tommy Hunter
Craig Kimbrel has been one of if not the best closer so far this season . That being said , 6 of their 7 outings have come against Tampa Bay and Pittsburgh , 2 offenses that are far from imposing . Their lone other outing was against Detroit , where they walked 2 and let up a run . They still have that Braves era stuff and their command has been good outside of that Detroit game , so a top 5 RP season is certainly possible here .
has been one of if not the best closer so far this season . That being said , 6 of their 7 outings have come against Tampa Bay and Pittsburgh , 2 offenses that are far from imposing . Their lone other outing was against Detroit , where they walked 2 and let up a run . They still have that Braves era stuff and their command has been good outside of that Detroit game , so a top 5 RP season is certainly possible here . Ken Giles finally pitched a clean inning on Monday . The good news here is there still has n't been any doubt about their role as the Astros closer , and they continue to pile up K 's .
finally pitched a clean inning on Monday . The good news here is there still has n't been any doubt about their role as the Astros closer , and they continue to pile up K 's . Jeurys Familia makes their return tomorrow , and in finds themselves in the top 10 here . I am not worried at all about the Mets talking about easing them into the role , as it 's not like they have been on the DL and has n't been able to throw . They should take over all the save opportunities they can handle from Wednesday forward .
makes their return tomorrow , and in finds themselves in the top 10 here . I am not worried at all about the Mets talking about easing them into the role , as it 's not like they have been on the DL and has n't been able to throw . They should take over all the save opportunities they can handle from Wednesday forward . Roberto Osuna blew their first and so far only save opportunity this past weekend . It was a tough one though , as they are n't hit hard and the only hit was an infield single . Still , I see them being more of a top 12-15 option all year as compared to a top 10 reliever .
TIER 3 : Bound for the Floor
13 . Greg Holland ( Colorado Rockies ) —Adam Ottavino , Jake McGee
14 . A.J . Ramos ( Miami Marlins ) —Kyle Barraclough , Brad Ziegler
15 . Neftali Feliz ( Milwaukee Brewers ) —Corey Knebel , Jacob Barnes
16 . David Robertson ( Chicago White Sox ) —Nate Jones , Dan Jennings
17 . Matt Bush ( Texas Rangers ) —Tony Barnette , Jeremy Jeffress
18 . Cam Bedrosian ( Los Angeles Angels ) —Blake Parker , Yusmeiro Petit
19 . Seung Hwan Oh ( St. Louis Cardinals ) —Trevor Rosenthal , Brett Cecil
20 . Fransisco Rodriguez ( Detroit Tigers ) —Justin Wilson , Alex Wilson
21 . Tony Watson ( Pittsburgh Pirates ) —Felipe Rivero , Daniel Hudson
22 . Raisel Iglesias ( Cincinnati Reds ) —Drew Storen , Michael Lorenzen
I should probably start being less harsh on David Robertson now . They have not only been almost flawless but they have been insanely consistent in their 5 outings . In all 5 games , they have pitched 1 inning , allowed 0 walks and has struck out 2 , allowing only one hit combined . The White Sox have to be loving it , especially with teams like Texas and Washington already having bullpen problems .
now . They have not only been almost flawless but they have been insanely consistent in their 5 outings . In all 5 games , they have pitched 1 inning , allowed 0 walks and has struck out 2 , allowing only one hit combined . The White Sox have to be loving it , especially with teams like Texas and Washington already having bullpen problems . For some reason , Sam Dyson received another save opportunity the other day before finally being placed on the DL with a phantom injury . I 'll give props to the Rangers however , for making the right decision on who their replacement will be , as some teams seem to believe closer experience is more important than overall talent ( looking at you Phillies ) . I have high hopes for Matt Bush , and I think the injury that sidelined them for a few days is not anything to worry about at all as they were touching 98 on Sunday . They should keep the job for the rest of the season as long as they can handle it mentally .
received another save opportunity the other day before finally being placed on the DL with a phantom injury . I 'll give props to the Rangers however , for making the right decision on who their replacement will be , as some teams seem to believe closer experience is more important than overall talent ( looking at you Phillies ) . I have high hopes for and I think the injury that sidelined them for a few days is not anything to worry about at all as they were touching 98 on Sunday . They should keep the job for the rest of the season as long as they can handle it mentally . At least Seung Hwan Oh probably still has their closer job , right ? Oh has definitely been one of if not the biggest disappointment among all closers , having only two appearances so far where they have n't allowed a run . The second being last night where they somehow allowed 3 hits but pitched their way out of it to get a save . They have only struck out 2 batters so far too , both coming on opening night age against the Cubs where they worked 1.2 innings . Trevor Rosenthal may get another shot at the 9th inning soon .
probably still has their closer job , right ? Oh has definitely been one of if not the biggest disappointment among all closers , having only two appearances so far where they have n't allowed a run . The second being last night where they somehow allowed 3 hits but pitched their way out of it to get a save . They have only struck out 2 batters so far too , both coming on opening night age against the Cubs where they worked 1.2 innings . may get another shot at the 9th inning soon . I 'm not a fan at all of how the Reds are using Raisel Iglesias , but I do really like Iglesias as a pitcher so I am moving them up a tier in the hopes the Red 's can go back to a more conventional approach here . Saturdays game for instance , why not use Michael Lorenzen in the 5th and 6th innings , and Iglesias in the 9th ( maybe even the 8th too ) . It really is a strange way to use your favorite closing option and I do n't see it working out all to well in the long run . Just pitch them in the 8th and 9th innings only , please Price ? Either way , Iglesias could very well lead all “ closers ” in IP , so that could lead to great value in other categories outside of saves .
TIER 4 : Better Days ( and the Bottom and Out )
23 . Jim Johnson ( Atlanta Braves ) —Arodys Vizcaino , Ian Krol
24 . Brad Brach ( Baltimore Orioles ) —Darren O'Day , Mychal Givens
25 . Brandon Kintzler ( Minnesota Twins ) —Ryan Pressly , Matt Belisle
26 . Fernando Rodney ( Arizona Diamondbacks ) —Archie Bradley , Tom Wilhelmsen
27 . Joaquin Benoit ( Philadelphia Phillies ) —Hector Neris , Edubray Ramos
28 . Shawn Kelley ( Washington Nationals ) —Koda Glover , Blake Treinen
29 . Brandon Maurer ( San Diego Padres ) —Brad Hand , Ryan Buchter
30 . Santiago Casilla/Sean Doolittle ( Oakland Athletics ) —Ryan Madson , Ryan Dull
Chris Gayle 's involvement in the IPL with Royal Challengers Bangalore is now over © AFP
West Indies ' captain Darren Sammy did nothing to quash the theory after their side 's defeat at Lord 's that Chris Gayle should be invited to strengthen their side in the rest of the Test series against England , as well as the one-day matches that follow .
Gayle 's involvement in IPL is over after Royal Challengers Bangalore were eliminated from the tournament and such has been their troubled relationship with the WICB that any emergency dash to the UK in time to play in one or both of the remaining two Tests seems hard to imagine .
But Sammy refused to close the door on the possibility after West Indies ' five-wicket defeat against England at Lord 's put them 1-0 down in the series , suggesting that both they and the coach , Ottis Gibson , would be content to accommodate Gayle 's late arrival .
`` Whatever happens outside this squad takes its own course , '' Sammy told Sky Sports . `` Whoever comes in we will welcome them into the team and hopefully they will help . It is up to the selectors to select the team .
`` I think Chris has said they are available for Test cricket , one-day cricket and T20 so it is up to the selectors . We have been having some difficulties at the top of the order and if they come in we would all welcome him , myself , Ottis and all the guys . ''
One change West Indies will consider for the second Test at Trent Bridge on Friday , and one which needs no political machinations , is the inclusion of Shane Shillingford , the Dominican who took ten wickets in their last Test , against Australia on their home ground in Roseau in April .
Shillingford , according to Sammy , had been omitted at Lord 's partly because they could not cope with the cold weather - and with higher temperatures forecast in the build-up to Trent Bridge that could change .
`` Shane was experiencing a bit of difficulty gripping the ball but in the course of this Test match they have done some work and hopefully their fingers will be warm enough and ready for them to play for us in the next match , '' Sammy said . `` He played a crucial role in the last series and once they are ready to master the cold we will have them in . ''
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
SALT LAKE CITY — Mitt Romney unleashed a strong and sustained attack Thursday on fellow Republican Donald Trump in a University of Utah speech aimed at stopping the presidential front-runner from securing the party 's nomination .
`` Donald Trump is a phony , a fraud , '' Romney told a standing room-only crowd that included national media outlets gathered for the U . 's Hinckley Institute of Politics address on the state of the 2016 race delivered in Libby Gardner Hall .
Romney called Trump 's promises `` as worthless as a degree from Trump University . He 's playing the members of the American public for suckers : They get a free ride to the White House , and all we get is a lousy hat . ''
`` Whoa ! '' someone in the crowd yelled as others applauded .
Romney , the GOP 's presidential nominee in 2012 , offered some of the toughest ammunition yet from the establishment wing of the Republican Party against the billionaire business mogul and reality TV star .
They had already gone after Trump in recent interviews and on social media , suggesting there is a potential `` bombshell '' in Trump 's unreleased tax returns . On Thursday , Romney went much further .
Sounding a little like a candidate again , Romney cautioned that if `` we Republicans choose Donald Trump as our nominee , the prospects for a safe and prosperous future are greatly diminished . ''
They referred to Trump 's statements that Muslims should be banned from entering the United States , warning their `` bombast is already alarming our allies and fueling the enmity of our enemies . ''
And Romney went on , slamming Trump 's `` personal qualities , the bullying , the greed , the showing off , the misogyny , the absurd third-grade theatrics , '' including bragging about their marital affairs and use of vulgarities .
Trump 's response to the speech , Romney told their audience , `` may tell you what you need to know about their temperament , their stability , and their suitability to be president . ''
Within hours , Trump was lambasting Romney again and again at a campaign rally in Portland , Maine , telling supporters `` you can see how loyal they are . They were begging for my endorsement '' in 2012 .
`` I could have said , 'Mitt , drop to your knees . ' They would have dropped to their knees , '' Trump said , adding that Romney `` let us down '' by not campaigning more aggressively four years ago against President Barack Obama .
If Trump had said 4 years ago the things they say today about the KKK , Muslims , Mexicans , disabled , I would NOT have accepted their endorsement — Mitt Romney ( @ MittRomney ) March 3 , 2016
In a long and sometimes rambling talk , Trump labeled Romney a `` choke artist '' and took credit for keeping them out of the 2016 race .
`` I will tell you the real reason Mitt chickened out : It was me , '' Trump said .
Romney did not mention whether they sought and received Trump 's endorsement four years ago in their speech , but later posted on Twitter : `` If Trump had said 4 years ago the things they say today about the KKK , Muslims , Mexicans , disabled , I would NOT have accepted their endorsement . ''
Romney started their speech amid cheers and a standing ovation by saying they were not announcing their candidacy nor endorsing one of the other Republicans still in the race , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Ohio Gov . John Kasich .
`` One of these men should be our nominee , '' Romney said , because `` the only serious policy proposals that deal with the broad range of national challenges we confront '' are coming from them .
They said they would vote for Rubio in Florida and Kasich in Ohio on March 15 , and for Cruz `` or whichever one of the other two contenders has the best chance of beating Mr. Trump '' in other states , a scenario that likely will lead to a brokered convention .
Will Romney run ?
Jason Perry , the head of the Hinckley Institute , said Romney may not be out of the running if none of the candidates have enough delegates to secure the nomination before the Republican National Convention in July .
`` It will be interesting to see what impact this has on the delegates coming up and the public going forward , '' Perry said . If Trump is `` neutralized so no one is really getting enough votes , it certainly opens the door for someone like Mitt Romney . ''
Kirk Jowers , a longtime Romney friend and supporter , said that door may have slammed shut with Thursday 's speech .
`` The safer path for Romney certainly would have been to keep their head down and let the 'Draft Mitt ' movement continue to build than to stick their neck out , '' Jowers said . `` He 's content now to let the other candidates work as hard as they can . ''
They say the same thing to me in private as they have in public . He 's had a lot of people encourage him , and they continue to say what they have said from the beginning . –Former Utah Gov . Mike Leavitt
Former Utah Gov . Mike Leavitt said Romney is n't interested in becoming a candidate . Romney , who also ran for president in 2008 , toyed briefly with the idea of getting in the race more than a year ago before deciding against another campaign .
`` He says the same thing to me in private as they have in public , '' said Leavitt , a top adviser to Romney 's 2012 campaign . `` He 's had a lot of people encourage him , and they continue to say what they have said from the beginning . ''
Leavitt praised Romney for taking on Trump .
`` I thought it was a courageous speech because they will endure a lot of criticism , '' they said . `` But this is a man who is not running for anything who is speaking their mind out of conscience and out of sincere loyalty to their country and their party . ''
Impact of speech unclear
Trump may be the primary season 's big winner so far , but they have languished in fourth place in recent Utah polls , behind `` Do n't Know . '' Some Utah GOP officials are n't convinced he 'll participate in the GOP 's March 21 debate in Salt Lake City .
One of Trump 's Utah supporters , Senate Majority Leader Ralph Okerlund , R-Monroe , said they supported Romney in 2012 and wishes they were in the race this year . They said he 's not surprised the party 's establishment is resisting an outsider .
`` I do n't agree with everything that Donald Trump says and does by any means , but I still think an outsider 's viewpoints on a presidential race are going to be helpful , '' Okerlund said .
Don Peay , a leader of a Utah group backing Trump that they said is not sanctioned by the campaign , discounted the impact of Romney 's remarks .
`` Mitt said the people voting for Trump have been duped . So does that mean we 're stupid ? '' asked Peay , who recently introduced Donald Trump Jr. to many Utah Republican leaders .
RELATED : Full text of Mitt Romney speech at the Hinckley Institute of Politics On Thursday , former governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney addressed the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of Utah on the state of the 2016 presidential race . This is a full transcript of the remarks .
Trump supporters like them because they speak their language , Peay said , while Romney and other establishment Republicans are tone-deaf to the working class . Romney 's tirade against Trump , they said , will only help Trump .
Gov . Gary Herbert , who attended Romney 's speech , said they like that Trump speaks their mind .
`` Sometimes it 's refreshing . It comes unfiltered , and sometimes you think , 'Did they really say that ? ' '' Herbert said . `` And they certainly do n't lack for self-confidence . We all should have they same kind of self confidence as a Donald Trump . But sometimes he 's a little bit blustery , and that 's a bit off-putting to me . ''
' I understand the anger '
Romney 's nearly 20-minute speech was briefly interrupted several times by hecklers , who were drowned out by cheers and chants for Romney .
One of the many times Romney received applause was when they said a Trump nomination means a win for the leading Democratic candidate , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and `` a person so untrustworthy and dishonest as Hillary Clinton must not become president . ''
They said that under Secretary Clinton , `` America 's interests were diminished in every corner of the world . They compromised our national secrets , dissembled to the families of the slain , and jettisoned their most profound beliefs to gain presidential power . ''
( Trump 's ) domestic policies would lead to recession . Their foreign policies would make America and the world less safe . ... And their personal qualities would mean that America would cease to be a shining city on a hill . –Mitt Romney
Most of their speech , however , was devoted to detailing what they see as Trump 's deficiencies as a candidate . Nothing was spared in Romney 's critique , which even included suggesting Trump is not the `` business genius '' they claim to be .
`` There are a number of people who claim that Mr. Trump is a con man , a fake . There is indeed evidence of that , '' Romney said , citing the controversy surrounding how long it took Trump to disavow the support of the Ku Klux Klan .
`` I understand the anger Americans feel today , '' Romney said . `` In the past , our presidents have channeled that anger and forged it into resolve , into endurance and high purpose and into the will to defeat the enemies of freedom . ''
Trump is directing that anger `` for less than noble purposes , '' Romney said .
`` His domestic policies would lead to recession . Their foreign policies would make America and the world less safe . They have neither the temperament nor the judgment to be president . And their personal qualities would mean that America would cease to be a shining city on a hill . ''
Romney ended their speech by invoking the late President Ronald Reagan : `` America has greatness ahead . This is a time for choosing . God bless us to choose a nominee who will make that vision a reality . ''
Read the full text of the speech here .
×
Photos
Related Links
Related Stories
The 57th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 8 , 2015 , at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California . The show was broadcast live by CBS at 5:00 p.m. PST ( UTC−8 ) . Rapper LL Cool J hosted the show for the fourth consecutive time . [ 2 ]
The Grammy nominations were open for recordings released between October 1 , 2013 , and September 30 , 2014 . Breaking from tradition of a prime-time concert approach , the Grammy nominees were announced during an all-day event on December 5 , 2014 , starting with initial announcements on the CBS This Morning telecast , followed by updates made through The Grammys ' official Twitter account . [ 3 ]
Sam Smith won four awards , including Best New Artist , Record of the Year , Song of the Year for `` Stay with Me '' and Best Pop Vocal Album for In the Lonely Hour . Beck 's album Morning Phase was named Album of the Year . This prompted Kanye West , who later said they thought Beyoncé should have won , to jokingly leap onstage to interrupt Beck in a re-enactment of their 2009 MTV VMA scandal , but West left the stage without saying anything . [ 4 ] Both Pharrell Williams and Beyoncé took three honors ; with their wins , Beyoncé became the second-most-honored female musician in Grammy history following Alison Krauss . Lifetime Achievement awards were given to the Bee Gees , George Harrison , Pierre Boulez , Buddy Guy , and Flaco Jiménez . [ 5 ]
In all , 83 Grammy Awards were presented , one more than in 2014 . [ 6 ]
The show aired simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia , [ 7 ] Sky TV in New Zealand , [ 8 ] and on Channel O in South Africa . [ 9 ]
Pre-telecast ceremony [ edit ]
Not all Grammys were presented during the live telecast . As in previous years , most awards were handed out during the so-called pre-telecast ceremony , held at the Nokia Theater next to the Staples Center , which takes place during the afternoon before the main show . From 2015 on , this ceremony has been known as the Premiere Ceremony . [ 10 ] Approximately 70 Grammys were presented at this ceremony , consisting of the `` minor '' categories .
Performers [ edit ]
During the ceremony , United States President Barack Obama delivered a pre-recorded message in which they spoke about domestic violence against women . Their message was followed by a plea from domestic violence advocate Brooke Axtell and singer Katy Perry performing their ballad `` By the Grace of God '' as a dedication to the victims of the crime . [ 11 ]
Presenters [ edit ]
Nominees and winners [ edit ]
The eligibility period for the 57th Annual Grammy Awards was October 1 , 2013 , to September 30 , 2014 . [ 18 ] The nominees were announced on December 5 , 2014 . The Album of the Year nominees were announced during A Very Grammy Christmas Special , which was broadcast on the same day . [ 19 ]
General [ edit ]
Pop [ edit ]
Contemporary Instrumental [ edit ]
Best Contemporary Instrumental Album
Rock [ edit ]
Alternative [ edit ]
Rap [ edit ]
Country [ edit ]
New Age [ edit ]
Jazz [ edit ]
Gospel/Contemporary Christian [ edit ]
Latin [ edit ]
Mano A Mano – Tangos A La Manera De Vicente Fernández – Vicente Fernández
Lastima Que Sean Ajenas – Pepe Aguilar
– Pepe Aguilar Voz Y Guitarra – Ixya Herrera
– Ixya Herrera 15 Aniversario – Mariachi Divas de Cindy Shea
– Mariachi Divas de Cindy Shea Alegría Del Mariachi – Mariachi Los Arrieros Del Valle
Americana Music [ edit ]
The Earls of Leicester – The Earls of Leicester
Noam Pikelny Plays Kenny Baker Plays Bill Monroe – Noam Pikelny
– Noam Pikelny Cold Spell – Frank Solivan and Dirty Kitchen
– Frank Solivan and Dirty Kitchen Into My Own – Bryan Sutton
– Bryan Sutton Only Me – Rhonda Vincent
The Legacy – Jo-El Sonnier
Light the Stars – Bonsoir , Catin
– Bonsoir , Catin Hanu ' A'ala – Kamaka Kukona
– Kamaka Kukona Love 's Lies – Magnolia Sisters
– Magnolia Sisters Ceremony – Joe Tohonnie Jr .
Reggae [ edit ]
World Music [ edit ]
I Am Malala : How One Girl Stood Up For Education And Changed The World ( Malala Yousafzai ) – Neela Vaswani
Appetite For Construction – The Pop Ups
– The Pop Ups Just Say Hi ! – Brady Rymer and the Little Band That Could
– Brady Rymer and the Little Band That Could The Perfect Quirk – Secret Agent 23 Skidoo
– Secret Agent 23 Skidoo Through The Woods – The Okee Dokee Brothers
Spoken Word [ edit ]
Best Spoken Word Album ( Includes Poetry , Audio Books and Story Telling )
Comedy [ edit ]
Musical Show [ edit ]
Music for Visual Media [ edit ]
`` Daft Punk '' Ben Bram , Mitch Grassi , Scott Hoying , Avi Kaplan , Kirstie Maldonado and Kevin Olusola , arrangers ( Pentatonix )
`` Beautiful Dreamer '' Pete McGuinness , arranger ( The Pete McGuinness Jazz Orchestra )
`` Get Smart '' Gordon Goodwin , arranger ( Gordon Goodwin 's Big Phat Band )
`` Guantanamera '' Alfredo Rodríguez , arranger ( Alfredo Rodríguez )
`` Moon River '' Chris Walden , arranger ( Amy Dickson )
`` New York Tendaberry '' Billy Childs , arranger ( Billy Childs Featuring Renée Fleming and Yo-Yo Ma )
`` All My Tomorrows '' Jeremy Fox , arranger ( Jeremy Fox featuring Kate McGarry )
`` Goodnight America '' Vince Mendoza , arranger ( Mary Chapin Carpenter )
`` Party Rockers '' Gordon Goodwin , arranger ( Gordon Goodwin 's Big Phat Band )
`` What Are You Doing The Rest of Your Life ? '' Pete McGuinness , arranger ( The Pete McGuinness Jazz Orchestra )
Crafts [ edit ]
Offering : Live At Temple University Ashley Kahn , album notes writer ( John Coltrane )
Happy : The 1920 Rainbo Orchestra Sides David Sager , album notes writer ( Isham Jones Rainbo Orchestra )
I 'm Just Like You : Sly 's Stone Flower 1969–70 Alec Palao , album notes writer ( Various Artists )
The Other Side Of Bakersfield : 1950s & 60s Boppers and Rockers from 'Nashville West Scott B. Bomar , album notes writer ( Various Artists )
Purple Snow : Forecasting The Minneapolis Sound Jon Kirby , album notes writer ( Various Artists )
The Rise & Fall Of Paramount Records , Volume One ( 1917–27 ) Scott Blackwood , album notes writer ( Various Artists )
The Garden Spot Programs , 1950 Colin Escott and Cheryl Pawelski , compilation producers ; Michael Graves , mastering engineer ( Hank Williams )
Black Europe : The Sounds And Images Of Black People In Europe Pre-1927 Jeffrey Green , Ranier E. Lotz and Howard Rye , compilation producers ; Christian Zwarg , mastering engineer ( Various Artists )
Happy : The 1920 Rainbo Orchestra Sides Meagan Hennessey and Richard Martin , compilation producers ; Richard Martin , mastering engineer ( Isham Jones Rainbo Orchestra )
Longing for the Past : The 78 RPM Era In Southeast Asia Steven Lance Ledbetter and David Murray , compilation producers ; Michael Graves , mastering engineer ( Various Artists )
There 's A Dream I 've Been Saving : Lee Hazlewood Industries 1966 – 1971 ( Deluxe Edition ) Hunter Lea , Patrick McCarthy and Matt Sullivan , compilation producers ; John Baldwin , mastering engineer ( Various Artists )
Production [ edit ]
Production , Surround Sound [ edit ]
Beyoncé Elliot Scheiner , surround mix engineer ; Bob Ludwig , surround mastering engineer ; Beyoncé Knowles , surround producer ( Beyoncé )
Beppe : Remote Galaxy Morten Lindberg , surround mix engineer ; Morten Lindberg , surround mastering engineer ; Morten Lindberg , surround producer ( Vladimir Ashkenazy and Philharmonia Orchestra )
Chamberland : The Berlin Remixes David Miles Huber , surround mix engineer ; David Miles Huber , surround mastering engineer ; David Miles Huber , surround producer ( David Miles Huber )
The Division Bell ( 20th Anniversary Deluxe Box Set ) Damon Iddins and Andy Jackson , surround mix engineers ; Damon Iddins and Andy Jackson , surround mastering engineers ( Pink Floyd )
Epics Of Love Hans-Jörg Maucksch , surround mix engineer ; Hans-Jörg Maucksch , surround mastering engineer ; Günter Pauler , surround producer ( Song Zuying , Yu Long and China Philharmonic Orchestra )
Mahler : Symphony No . 2 'Resurrection Michael Bishop , surround mix engineer ; Michael Bishop , surround mastering engineer ; Elaine Martone , surround producer ( Benjamin Zander and Philharmonia Orchestra )
Production , Classical [ edit ]
Vaughan Williams : Dona Nobis Pacem ; Symphony No . 4 ; The Lark Ascending Michael Bishop , engineer ; Michael Bishop , mastering engineer ( Robert Spano , Norman Mackenzie , Atlanta Symphony Orchestra and Chorus )
Adams , John : City Noir Richard King , engineer ; Wolfgang Schiefermair , mastering engineer ( David Robertson and St. Louis Symphony )
Adams , John Luther : Become Ocean Dmitriy Lipay and Nathaniel Reichman , engineers ; Nathaniel Reichman , mastering engineer ( Ludovic Morlot and Seattle Symphony )
Dutilleux : Symphony No . 1 ; Tout Un Monde Lointain ; The Shadows Of Time Dmitriy Lipay , engineer ; Dmitriy Lipay , mastering engineer ( Ludovic Morlot and Seattle Symphony )
Riccardo Muti Conducts Mason Bates and Anna Clyne David Frost and Christopher Willis , engineers ; Tim Martyn , mastering engineer ( Riccardo Muti and Chicago Symphony Orchestra )
Judith Sherman Beethoven : Cello and Piano Complete ( Fischer Duo ) Brahms By Heart ( Chiara String Quartet ) Composing America ( Lark Quartet ) Divergence ( Plattform K + K Vienna ) The Good Song ( Thomas Meglioranza ) Mozart and Brahms : Clarinet Quintets ( Anthony McGill and Pacifica Quartet ) Snapshot ( American Brass Quintet ) Two X Four ( Jaime Laredo , Jennifer Koh , Vinay Parameswaran and Curtis 20/21 Ensemble ) Wagner Without Words ( Llŷr Williams )
Morten Lindberg Beppe : Remote Galaxy ( Vladimir Ashkenazy and Philharmonia Orchestra ) Dyrud : Out Of Darkness ( Vivianne Sydnes and Nidaros Cathedral Choir ) Ja , Vi Elsker ( Tone Bianca Sparre Dahl , Ingar Bergby , Staff Band Of The Norwegian Armed Forces and Schola Cantorum ) Symphonies Of Wind Instruments ( Ingar Bergby & Royal Norwegian Navy Band )
Dmitriy Lipay Adams , John Luther : Become Ocean ( Ludovic Morlot and Seattle Symphony ) Dutilleux : Symphony No . 1 ; Tout Un Monde Lointain ; The Shadows of Time ( Ludovic Morlot and Seattle Symphony ) Fauré : Masques Et Bergamasques ; Pelléas Et Mélisande ; Dolly ( Ludovic Morlot , Seattle Symphony Chorale and Seattle Symphony ) Hindemith : Nobilissima Visione ; Five Pieces For String Orchestra ( Gerard Schwarz and Seattle Symphony ) Ives : Symphony No . 2 ; Carter : Instances ; Gershwin : An American In Paris ( Ludovic Morlot and Seattle Symphony ) Ravel : Orchestral Works ; Saint-Saëns : Organ Symphony ( Ludovic Morlot and Seattle Symphony )
Elaine Martone Hallowed Ground ( Louis Langrée , Maya Angelou , Nathan Wyatt and Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra ) Mahler : Symphony No . 2 'Resurrection ( Benjamin Zander , Stefan Bevier , Philharmonia Chorus and Orchestra ) Sibelius : Symphonies Nos . 6 and 7 ; Tapiola ( Robert Spano and Atlanta Symphony Orchestra ) Vaughan Williams : Dona Nobis Pacem ; Symphony No . 4 ; The Lark Ascending ( Robert Spano , Norman Mackenzie , Atlanta Symphony Orchestra and Chorus )
David Starobin All The Things You Are ( Leon Fleisher ) Complete Crumb Edition , Vol . 16 ( Ann Crumb , Patrick Mason , James Freeman and Orchestra 2001 ) Game of Attrition – Arlene Sierra , Vol . 2 ( Jac Van Steen and BBC National Orchestra of Wales ) Haydn , Beethoven and Schubert ( Gilbert Kalish ) Mozart : Piano Concertos , No . 12 , K. 414 and No . 23 , K. 488 ( Marianna Shirinyan , Scott Yoo and Odense Symphony Orchestra ) Music Of Peter Lieberson , Vol . 3 ( Scott Yoo , Roberto Diaz , Steven Beck and Odense Symphony Orchestra ) Rochberg , Chihara and Rorem ( Jerome Lowenthal ) Tchaikovsky : The Tempest , Op . 18 and Piano Concerto No . 1 , Op . 23 ( Joyce Yang , Alexander Lazarev and Odense Symphony Orchestra )
Classical [ edit ]
Performers who are not eligible for an award ( such as orchestras , soloists or choirs ) are mentioned in parentheses
Adams , John Luther : Become Ocean John Luther Adams , composer ( Ludovic Morlot and Seattle Symphony )
Clyne , Anna : Prince of Clouds Anna Clyne , composer ( Jaime Laredo , Jennifer Koh , Vinay Parameswaran and Curtis 20/21 Ensemble )
Crumb , George : Voices From The Heartland George Crumb , composer ( Ann Crumb , Patrick Mason , James Freeman and Orchestra 2001 )
Paulus , Stephen : Concerto for Two Trumpets and Band Stephen Paulus , composer ( Eric Berlin , Richard Kelley , James Patrick Miller and UMASS Wind Ensemble )
Sierra , Roberto : Sinfonía No . 4 Roberto Sierra , composer ( Giancarlo Guerrero and Nashville Symphony )
Music Video/Film [ edit ]
Special Merit Awards [ edit ]
MusiCares Person of the Year [ edit ]
Lifetime Achievement Award [ edit ]
Trustees Award [ edit ]
Technical Grammy Award [ edit ]
Music Educator Award [ edit ]
Grammy Hall of Fame inductions [ edit ]
In Memoriam [ edit ]
Multiple nominations and awards [ edit ]
The following received multiple nominations :
Three :
Two :
The following received multiple awards :
Changes [ edit ]
As usual , had a number of small changes in the voting and awarding process :
New categories
The Best American Roots Performance is a new category in the American Roots genre field . It was presented to the creators of the best performance in this genre field , which includes traditional Northern American ( or regional roots ) musical styles such as cajun , zydeco , polka and others . Another new category is the Best Roots Gospel Album in the Gospel genre field , for gospel albums in the asupervisorstioned musical styles , including traditional southern Gospel music .
Changes in the Gospel categories
The Gospel genre field was redefined to make a clearer distinction between the traditional gospel music and the style known as Contemporary Christian Music ( CCM ) . As mentioned above , the Best Roots Gospel Album category is new . The categories in the Gospel field will now be known as Best Gospel Performance/Song , Best Contemporary Christian Music Performance/Song , Best Gospel Album , Best Contemporary Christian Music Album and Best Roots Gospel Album .
Samples allowed
For the first time , the use of samples and/or interpolations of other works in a new track was permitted in the various songwriters categories . Until now , samples were only allowed in the Best Rap Song category , but these are now also eligible in the Song of the Year , Best Rock Song , Best R & B Song , Best Country Song , Best Gospel Performance/Song , Best Contemporary Christian Music Performance/Song , Best American Roots Song and Best Song Written For Visual Media categories .
A few minor name changes .
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
What follows are a series of diary entries and notes culled from our interviews . The interview teams were composed of three or four people : a translator , a photographer , a notetaker , and sometimes a facilitator .
* * *
Farmer # 1
Our first farmer ! Thirty-eight years old . Owns fifteen acres of paddy . Has a great head of hair and an 8-year-old daughter . We 're seated atop a raised platform in a makeshift shed in the middle of one of their rice fields . It 's only late morning but the sun outside burns atomic hot . Even the shade is unbearable . Everyone is drenched in sweat . Everything around us is bathed in a golden glow of light reflecting off unharvested paddy.​​​
Okekan is a town northwest of Yangon . The drive takes three to six hours , mostly on the wrong side of pockmarked roads . It 's just big enough for a half-kilometer strip of restaurants and shops , a small market , and a tiny hotel . There are rice fields in every direction . Our first farmer 's village is on the edge of town .
The farmer brought their nephews . They arrive to our shed on 50cc motorbikes . Our arrival is clearly an event . Smiles and hospitality abound . They hand us bottles of water and I feel a relief that maybe our interview request is n't quite as burdensome as imagined .
Everyone has a smartphone . One Samsung , one from a mysterious company called “ Honor , ” two Huawei . ( We 'll later realize : Honor is owned by Huawei . ) Apple simply does n't exist in the fields of Myanmar . China dominates . Samsung comes in second to those who can afford to splurge on the brand as a premium . But the more we probe , the less justifiable the Samsung premium becomes . The Chinese phones are cheap but capable . I wonder if this makes Negroponte happy . Their one laptop-per-child dream was never fully realized but one smartphone-per-human—far more capable and sensible than a laptop , in many ways—has most certainly arrived . I take notes . We photograph . Get in close , have them pose with their phones . They 're proud . All the phones clock in under the equivalent of one hundred U.S. dollars.​
We ask about data . It 's much cheaper now than a year ago , they say . The telcos operate on pre-paid systems . Nobody has a credit card . Everyone buys top-up from top-up shops , scratches off complex serial numbers printed in a small font , types them with special network codes into their phone dialers in a way that feels steampunkish , like they 're divining data . They feel each megabyte . For about 10 U.S. cents you can purchase 25MB of data . If you buy in bulk ( although almost nobody does ) you can get 2GB of data for 11,900 Myanmar Kyat or about $ 9.20 USD . Most farmers grab data on their scratch cards in 1,000 or 3,000 or 5,000 Kyat chunks . How long it lasts depends on the user . For some 3,000 Kyats gets them through the month . For others , it lasts only a few days .
Prenda Lawyer Claims Judge 'Abhors ' Copyright Holders After Judge Becomes Curious About Who Alan Cooper Really Is
from the discovery dept
This motion is made on the ground that `` good cause '' exists to authorize the limited discovery requested , per Rule 26 ( d ) ( 1 ) , because , very recently , deeply troubling factual allegations have been made which suggest the plaintiff is engaged in a widespread and systemic fraud on the Courts affecting thousands of ISP subscribers . Specifically , very troubling questions have been raised as to whether Prenda Law , Inc. , has misappropriated the identity of one Mr. Alan Cooper of Minnesota , holding them out in federal court filings as the principal of plaintiff Ingenuity 13 , a shell entity organized in St. Kitts and Nevis , without Mr. Cooper 's knowledge or consent . For weeks , undersigned counsel , and others , have sought answers from Prenda Law , Inc. and its clients AF Holdings , LLC and Ingenuity 13 , LLC , to try and put these concerns to rest . None of the answers proffered to date have been at all reassuring ; to the extent Prenda has engaged on the issue at all , the only answers provided have been evasive to a degree that is almost comical .
If Prenda Law would simply identify the `` Alan Cooper '' who it claims is the true principal of Ingenuity 13 , LLC and AF Holdings , LLC , or even confirm that such a person actually exists ( notwithstanding the allegations of Alan Cooper of Minnesota ) , this ex parte application would not be necessary . Essentially , whether or not there is another Alan Cooper is the million-dollar question . However , Prenda Law has explicitly stated that it will not address any of the troubling factual circumstances raised by Mr. Cooper , or answer any questions on this topic , unless it is compelled to do so .
Other than the Alan Cooper of Minnesota who is represented by attorney Paul Godfread , is there another Alan Cooper who is currently the principal of Ingenuity 13 , LLC — yes or no ? If the answer to the first interrogatory is yes , state all contact information for this Alan Cooper , including current home address , business address , and telephone number . Other than the Alan Cooper of Minnesota who is represented by attorney Paul Godfread , was there ever another Alan Cooper who was , in the past , the principal of Ingenuity 13 , LLC — yes or no ? If the answer to the third interrogatory is yes , state all contact information for this Alan Cooper , including all known home addresses , business addresses , and telephone numbers . Other than the Alan Cooper of Minnesota who is represented by attorney Paul Godfread , is there another Alan Cooper who is currently the principal of AF Holdings , LLC — yes or no ? If the answer to the fifth interrogatory is yes , state all contact information for this Alan Cooper , including current home address , business address , and telephone number . Other than the Alan Cooper of Minnesota who is represented by attorney Paul Godfread , was there ever another Alan Cooper who was , in the past , the principal of AF Holdings , LLC — yes or no ? If the answer to the seventh interrogatory is yes , state all contact information for this Alan Cooper , including all known home addresses , business addresses , and telephone numbers . If the answer to the third interrogatory is yes , state each position this Alan Cooper held at Ingenuity 13 , LLC and the dates such position was held . If the answer to the seventh interrogatory is yes , state each position this Alan Cooper held at AF Holdings , LLC and the dates such position was held . Eleventh Special Interrogatory : Was the Alan Cooper of Minnesota who is represented by attorney Paul Godfread ever a principal , even unwittingly , of Ingenuity 13 , LLC ? Was the Alan Cooper of Minnesota who is represented by attorney Paul Godfread ever a principal , even unwittingly , of AF Holdings , LLC ? On November 26 , 2012 , when undersigned counsel emailed Brett Gibbs to ask for a routine extension request , Mr. Gibbs responded by email “ I would have to check with our client about that request . Just an FYI , our client usually does not like to grant these types of requests on short notice unless there is a reasonable chance that settlement may occur in the case. ” Later , Mr. Gibbs purported to have an answer on their query to the “ client ” regarding an extension . Who is the client contact at Ingenuity 13 , LLC that Mr. Gibbs spoke with on this matter ? Note , no details of the communication are being requested , just the name of the client contact . Reference is made to the following civil actions filed by AF Holdings , LLC and Ingenuity 13 , LLC in the Northern District of California : 4:2012-cv-02049-PJH ; 3:2012-cv-02393-CRB ; 5:2012-cv-02394-LHK ; 3:2012-cv-02396-EMC ; 3:2012-cv-02404-SC ; 4:2012-cv-02411-PJH ; 3:2012-cv-02415-CRB ; 4:2012-cv-03248-PJH ; 3:2012-cv-04218-WHA ; 5:2012-cv-04219-LHK ; 5:2012-cv-04446-EJD ; 5:2012-cv-04447-RMW ; 5:2012-cv-04448-EJD ; 3:2012-cv-04982-CRB ; 3:2012-cv-04216-JSW ; 3:2012-cv-04217-RS ; 5:2012-cv-04445-LHK ; 3:2012-cv-04449-SC ; 3:2012-cv-04450-MMC ; 3:2012-cv-04976-JSW ; 3:2012-cv-04977-WHA ; 4:2012-cv-04978-PJH ; 5:2012-cv-04979-LHK ; 5:2012-cv-04980-EJD ; 3:2012-cv-04981-RS . With respect to the copyright assignments attached to the complaints in these actions , as Exhibit B thereto , which all appear to have a similar signature by `` Alan Cooper , '' please state whether the person who signed these assignments was the Alan Cooper of Minnesota who is represented by attorney Paul Godfread — yes or no ? If the answer to the fourteenth interrogatory is no , then state all contact information for the person that did sign these documents , including all known home addresses , business addresses , and telephone numbers .
The story Plaintiff now sets forth is rather simple : Honorable Judge Otis D. Wright , II simply abhors plaintiffs who attempt to assert their rights with respect to online infringement of pornography copyrights . Honorable Judge Wright 's abhorrence of such assertions of right under the Copyright Act has risen to a level such that a neutral observer would have reasonable grounds to question Honorable Judge Wright 's impartiality . Indeed , in light of Honorable Judge Wright 's conduct , Plaintiff contends that it would be impossible to convince a neutral observer that Honorable Judge Wright regards this particular type of case impartially .
We 've been covering the bizarre situation surrounding some copyright troll Prenda Law 's cases that involve two companies -- AF Holdings and Ingenuity 13 -- where a mysterious person named `` Alan Cooper '' was listed as CEO . That , alone , is n't so mysterious . But what made it odd was that a guy who took care of one of John Steele 's homes reached out to some of the courts hearing cases involving those two companies to note thatis Alan Cooper , and they had reason to believe that Prenda had used their name illegally as the pretend CEO of these companies . A lawyer in California fighting some of these Prenda / Ingenuity 13 cases , Morgan Pietz , called this to the attention of the court . In response , Prenda 's California lawyer , Brett Gibbs , threw a bit of a hissy fit in which they refused to answer some simple questions concerning who actually runs Ingenuity 13 , and who `` Alan Cooper '' really is . Gibbs thenagainst Pietz , which were quickly rejected ( pdf ) by Judge Otis Wright.Pietz then asked the court to basically put the case on hold and to order Gibbs / Prenda to respond to their questions concerning AF Holdings and Ingenuity 13 : The filing goes on to point out that Prenda could have avoided all of this by simply producing the Alan Cooper in question and showing that it 's not John Steele 's housekeeper.Courts do n't often grant this kind of thing ... but this time it did . Right after Christmas the judge granted the order in full , meaning that Gibbs and Prenda are now required to answer the following questions : The order also requires them to produce identification documents for the people identified in the questions above , along with proof of their employment at the companies in question . Oh yeah , and also to produce the `` signature '' of Alan Cooper on documentation which Gibbs had claimed ( in earlier court documents ) that they had seen on various other court documents.Given that the judge has , in short order , denied Gibbs ' request for sanctions while granting Pietz 's request for such discovery , it would appear that the judge is n't buying Prenda 's story and is at least curious as to whether or not Prenda can turn up an actual Alan Cooper who is not John Steele 's housekeeper . It appears that Prenda has until January 10th to produce the information . Of course , instead of doing that , Prenda appears to be throwing the judicial equivalent of a shit fit.On New Year 's Eve , Gibbs filed one of the more extraordinary motions you 'll see , arguing that Judge Wright , in merely asking Gibbs to answer who the CEO is of Ingenuity 13 , is impossibly biased against copyright holders and should be removed from the case . I am not joking.What follows is a rather ridiculous diatribe , in which Gibbs argues that somehow Judge Wright has it in for companies like the ones they represent , because they dare to enforce their copyrights . They point to an earlier ruling from Judge Wright in a Malibu Media case in which the judge is clearly aware of how copyright trolling works , and says it 's somehow unfair for the judge to actually call these companies out on the fact that they 're using the court system as part of a business model , rather than for a legitimate judicial purpose . More importantly , they never points out why this absolves them from having to identify just who is Alan Cooper , and whether or not Prenda lied to the court about Alan Cooper and the various companies he 's associated with . Of course , nowhere does the evidence show that Judge Wright is biased against copyright holders -- merely concerned that those who are engaged in copyright trolling have a legitimate purpose for what they 're doing . Their actions , to date , have all revolved around requiring such companies to prove that they 're not just in the legal shakedown business -- but rather than do that , Gibbs is throwing a temper tantrum . Crazy .
Filed Under : alan cooper , brett gibbs , copyright , discovery , john steele , morgan pietz , otis wright
Companies : af holdings , ingenuity 13 , prenda , prenda law
Featured Articles
`` Native species can create beautiful and wildlife supporting gardens in small yards . '' -on Yard Tour
`` Love seeing how people incorporate all the ideals of saving water , using native plants , right plant and right place , fun and interesting yards . '' -on Yard Tour
`` I loved the way most of the yards had a cool and airy feeling even on that hot day . It felt like you could pull up a chair and sit down anywhere and not be baking in the sun . '' -on Yard Tour
`` I have been reluctant to get rid of my lawn , as I fear that planting things all over my yard may appear trashy . I saw some very good examples of yards with no lawn at all in front , and I am a little more inspired to go ahead and do it . '' -on Yard Tour
The StreamCare program has been amazing at enhancing the wildlife on my property , providing well planned out tree and plant locations , protecting my property from erosion , and restoring the stream bed . All of these increases my property value . -Andrew Collmer
on StreamCare program
`` The beauty that can be created in such a small area that not only attracts animals and insects but is much more water wise and more fun to work with than a lawn . '' -on Yard Tour
`` I think that all landowners along the creek should use the StreamCare program . It 's free and beneficial to the fish population and the wildlife. ” -on StreamCare program
`` When people think about yard work , they think it 's really hard , but when you are working with classmates , it gets done so much faster and did n't seem as difficult . It helped me realize that teamwork is a lot easier than doing it by myself . The project helped us bond together as friends and I 'm glad for that . '' -Missy , 12th Grade
Alpha Native Project
`` I loved the variety of styles of naturescaping - from overgrown edible maze to peaceful tea garden to formal manicured naturescape . '' -on Yard Tour
`` It was really about inspiration for me . I felt that I had reached the end of my gardening possibilities and this gave me new inspiration . I also got to see more mature versions of some of the plants I have . '' -on Yard Tour
`` They showed up when they were scheduled , performed their work unobtrusively , and followed up in accordance with the agreement . I would highly recommend the StreamCare program to any landowner who would like to improve the quality of a river or creek on their property . '' -Sarah and Peter Benfit
on Streamcare program
`` It is a cool project that taught us how to identify native plants in a small area next to our school so that when we go on hikes we can already identify a lot of them on our own . Being able to learn about native plants is a skill I 'm glad I 've learned because I can share it with my friends . '' - Jory , 12th grade
`` I loved that the gardens were so lush and that the lawns had been transformed . It was amazing how the spaces were used , whether large or small , sloped or flat . '' -on Yard Tour
`` I 'm learning that what I see as a obstacle or problem area in my yard , others have created something unique with the same area . '' -on Yard Tour
SOCHI -- After setting up the chess board for months , Dan Bylsma , the coach of the United States Olympic team , has started putting the pieces in motion .
A late-night practice at the Bolshoy Ice Dome allowed the Pittsburgh Penguins coach to see line combinations and defensive pairings operate on the ice , something which up to that point they only could envision in their head using the empirical data at their disposal .
As the Americans took the ice at 9 p.m. local time , the last practice in a seven-hour window following the arrival this morning of North American-based players , Bylsma and the United States management staff got a first taste of what the team will look like when it opens the 2014 Sochi Olympic hockey tournament Thursday against Slovakia ( 7:30 a.m . ET , NBCSN , TSN ) .
No longer was it a philosophical process of believing Phil Kessel and James van Riemsdyk would work well together as the wings on a line because of their familiarity as teammates with the Toronto Maple Leafs . Now they were on the ice with the San Jose Sharks ' Joe Pavelski as their center , showing the coach what they could accomplish .
The trio of Dustin Brown of the Los Angeles Kings , Patrick Kane of the Chicago Blackhawks and Ryan Kesler of the Vancouver Canucks found lightning in a bottle four years ago when they were thrown together late in the 2010 Vancouver Olympics . Would that magic remain four years later ?
`` In putting together a team , there are going to be chemistry situations , '' Bylsma said . `` That 's something you ca n't get in three days of practice and find in a game . That 's certainly not the only situation on the team where we will have a potential for chemistry . ''
In fact , chemistry defined the majority of the American lines that skated Monday .
The asupervisorstioned van Riemsdyk-Kessel-Pavelski trio not only has the Maple Leafs connection , but Pavelski is familiar with both players from their circle of hockey friends . David Backes and T.J. Oshie , both of the St. Louis Blues , are on a line together with Zach Parise of the Minnesota Wild . All three are from Minnesota .
Then there was the reunification of the Kane-Kesler-Brown line , a unit featuring two ferocious forecheckers and hitters complemented by Kane , one of the game 's pure scorers . That line played together for the final two games of the 2010 tournament .
`` I think you have certain lines you have in your head that you think it is going to be , '' said Kane , who said they learned Monday afternoon who their linemates would be to start the tournament . `` We were on a line in 2010 and had some success there . Maybe that is what they are thinking there .
`` If you look at the other lines there is so much balance . I was saying to [ Ryan ] Callahan in the locker room before practice , there are some pretty good forwards here , even guys that could potentially be your 13 and 14th forwards here . There are some good players here . So it 's nice to have that balance and maybe a four-line rotation . ''
The Americans still have two more days to fine-tune their line combinations , and Bylsma said Monday they would not be afraid to throw the U.S. personnel into the blender if they do n't like what they see . Their argument was that the tournament format is too unforgiving to try to ride out chemistry issues or slumps .
`` In a short tournament like this , you have to be ready to move , and it ca n't be two weeks late , '' Bylsma said . `` We have contingency plans to change on the fly . ''
Bylsma also still has to decide what they want to do with their three goalies : Ryan Miller of the Buffalo Sabres , Jonathan Quick of the Kings and Jimmy Howard of the Detroit Red Wings . Will they want to see at least two goalies in the preliminary round ? Or has they picked the goalie they believe can take them the furthest in the tournament and ride that player as far as possible ?
Those decisions do n't have to be made until after the United States holds two more practices , both of which likely will be more structured . The practice Monday , Bylsma said , was about getting the players a workout before they succumbed to the jet lag that has been stalking them since they set foot on Russian soil . They also wanted to make them more familiar with the larger ice surface that will be used in this tournament .
For the players , who spent the afternoon watching the minute hand tick ever so slowly or wandering zombie-like around the athletes ' village , the practice was more about putting an exclamation point on a long but unforgettable day .
`` I do n't even know what day it is , '' Backes said . `` It was a struggle to stay awake today . But getting on the ice , getting a sweat in , it was good to be here as a group of 25 and get one practice in . Having to think while our brains are tired like ours are is not a bad thing . A little mental fatigue and working through it . Hopefully we got better today . ''
AARHUS , Denmark -- When MLS kicks off the fourth round of its 2015 season this weekend , some of the league 's biggest stars will be scattered across the globe playing for their national teams . That includes the six Americans summoned from the domestic league ( Clint Dempsey , Jozy Altidore , Michael Bradley , Nick Rimando , Gyasi Zardes and Brek Shea ) by U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann ahead of Wednesday 's friendly against Denmark ( 3 p.m . ET , ESPN2/WatchESPN ) and at Switzerland next week .
In total , 57 players will be unavailable to their clubs . It could have been more .
Klinsmann could also have called in 2014 World Cup starters Matt Besler , Omar Gonzalez , Graham Zusi . But all are known quantities , all play positions Klinsmann has cover in and all are expected to take part in next month 's exhibition against archrival Mexico , a match that will be played in the relatively convenient locale of San Antonio , as opposed to halfway around the world .
Still , had MLS gone dark this upcoming weekend like its counterparts in the Premier League , Bundesliga , Serie A and countless other domestic circuits around the world did , the American roster may have featured more players based at home .
This balancing act will continue as long as MLS continues to play through the majority of windows set aside by FIFA for international matches . Which is to say , indefinitely .
Because although Klinsmann openly contends that ignoring these dates reduces development opportunities for MLS players , the league remains adamant that it wo n't be in a position to veer from the status quo anytime soon .
`` It is an insurmountable issue . It 's a square peg in a round hole , '' MLS commissioner Don Garber said last December during their annual State of the League address .
The question is : Why ?
`` In building our schedule every year , we deal with a number of unique constraints , '' MLS vice president for competition Todd Durbin told ESPNFC.com in a phone interview last week . `` Our teams travel across a continent through multiple time zones . Weather limits our footprint , and our teams are competing in multiple competitions . That said , the single biggest priority for us is to put together a schedule that ensures that we 're able to put the best product on the field . ''
Whether they 're successful in doing so is questionable . It 's hard to argue , for instance , that Toronto FC will field its best team on Sunday against Real Salt Lake when two of its three high-earning designated players , U.S. headliners Altidore and Bradley , are an ocean away . The same goes for expansion club Orlando City , which will be without seven players including Shea and U.S. youth international Conor Donovan in Montreal on Saturday .
Eliminating these conflicts is n't as easy as it seems .
MLS commissioner Don Garber , left , and U.S. manager Jurgen Klinsmann , right , continue to have a public debate on whether or not the North American league should play on international dates .
With its teams competing in the U.S. Open Cup , Canadian Championship and CONCACF Champions League , there 's no doubt the schedule is packed . Adding more midweek games would appear to relieve some of the congestion but MLS owners have balked at this option for two decades , for good reason . Weekend matches in the summer months , when national teams are most active , are still the easiest to sell tickets to , even if top stars are missing .
It was n't long ago that MLS games were drawing significantly less than 10,000 fans on weekdays ( half the current average attendance ) in some cities . For a league filled with teams that barely break even or operate at a loss , maximizing revenue is n't optional . But money is n't the only thing preventing MLS from observing FIFA windows .
Even without adopting a European schedule , MLS is hugely constricted by the harsh winter weather in many of its markets . The original MLS Cup final in 1996 was held on October 20 , but has been pushed back as the number of teams doubled . The 2013 finale was played Dec. 7 in sub-freezing temperatures in Kansas City , and the beginning of the season is n't much kinder weather wise , as the postponement of last Friday 's nationally televised match between Philadelphia and Dallas because of a snowstorm demonstrates .
Having the southern teams frontload their home schedule early in the season , as some ( including Klinsmann ) have suggested , does n't necessarily appeal to fans of those clubs who do n't want their team on the road all summer .
But perhaps the biggest factor is travel . On average , MLS players who participate in the CONCACF Champions League fly five times as many miles over the course of a year than their counterparts in UEFA .
While Chelsea takes a one-hour hop to Paris for a midweek game , the Seattle Sounders , with a far shallower squad , might have to play in Trinidad , then return home for a league match days later . Adding more midweek , cross-country trips on top of that would negatively impact the quality of the product , too . It 's one reason many MLS teams decide that when forced to choose the lesser of two evils , they 'd rather line up minus a few players than with an entire starting eleven suffering from fatigue .
You read that right : besides the March international dates , MLS actually does n't require its teams to schedule games during FIFA windows at all . It 's also worth noting that the league has shut down for the group stage of the last two World Cups and will play a lightened load during July 's Gold Cup .
The current setup is far from ideal , even if FIFA rules allow countries to call up any players they want during their official fixture windows and even if MLS almost always accommodates when it 's not required to , such as for the April 15 `` Clasico '' vs. Mexico .
Klinsmann , for their part , contends that MLS players do n't get enough games as it is . He 'd like to schedule more tuneups for the U-23 squad that will attempt to qualify for the Olympics later this year , and believes that missing a league match to play in an international contest or vice versa is counterproductive .
`` I just come from the overall , general perspective of leave our FIFA fixture dates alone as much as you can so we can develop the younger teams and have everyone available , '' Klinsmann said during a recent roundtable discussion with national reporters . `` I come always from that simple , logical approach , hoping that sooner or later it will change . ''
Doug McIntyre is a staff writer for ESPN The Magazine and ESPN FC . Follow them on Twitter @ DougMacESPN .
NONBELIEVER NATION :
The Rise of Secular Americans
By David Niose
Palgrave Macmillan , 256 pp .. , $ 27
The rise of the Religious Right has been a disaster for this country , says David Niose , not because there 's anything wrong with being religious or conservative , but because of the effect our “ descent into religious pandering ” has on our politics and policy-making . In this passionate , occasionally incendiary call for a secular response to the swelling influence of Christian conservatives , Niose ( president of the American Humanist Association ) writes that an intense intermingling of religion and politics has “ dragged down the discourse and distracted politicians and voters from rational consideration of issues that are truly important. ” As an example , they point to the energy expended by the Congressional Prayer Caucus in advocating for more religion in governmental , as well as groups pushing for “ the placement of plaques reading ‘ In God We Trust ' in all public schools , a move that would cost millions of dollars in the midst of a budget crisis . ”
Advertisement
Beyond such merely symbolic conflicts , Niose argues that non-religious Americans need to counter anti-intellectual tendencies they see as hallmarks of the Religious Right . Niose is scathing on the link between religious fundamentalism and our young people 's plunging status when it comes to scientific literacy , and they paint a frightening prospect of environmental and energy policy being decided by people who feel that belief in global warming is “ antibiblical ” and “ blasphemous. ” Many secular Americans , whether atheist , agnostic , or merely non-religious , hide their lack of belief , whether because of the canard that only religion can bestow morality or because of the notion that America is a nation of believers ; “ this closeted secularity , ” Niose writes , “ only serves to validate and legitimize the Religious Right , because it suggests that there is something wrong with a nonreligious worldview . ”
SHINE SHINE SHINE
Get The Weekender in your inbox : The Globe 's top picks for what to see and do each weekend , in Boston and beyond . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
By Lydia Netzer
St. Martin 's , 312 pp. , $ 24.99
Sunny Mann 's neighbors think she 's a natural : a blonde dynamo , master of bake sales and holiday decorations , perfectly suited to their beautiful suburban home and scientist husband . The illusion begins to crumble when a fender bender knocks their wig off , revealing their smooth , bald head . Lydia Netzer 's luminous debut novel concerns what lies beneath society 's pretty surfaces — Sunny 's congenital hairlessness , their husband 's remoteness , their son 's autism . What makes it unexpectedly moving is how skillfully Netzer then peels back those layers , finding heartbreaking depth even in characters who lack ordinary social skills .
Maxon Mann , Sunny 's husband , is floating in a spaceship when Sunny loses their wig ; the only civilian on a lunar mission , their preoccupations include figuring out what a human can do that a robot ca n't ( yet ) . So far , he 's narrowed it down to : “ Show preference without reason ( LOVE ) , ” “ Doubt rational decisions ( REGRET ) , ” and “ Trust data from a previously unreliable source ( FORGIVE ) . ” Back on earth , Sunny awaits the birth of their second child while tending to the needs of four-year-old Bubber , whose brilliance and deficits are inextricably entwined . Moving back and forth in time , Netzer sketches a narrative both realistic and lyrical . Sunny and Maxon 's love story is deeply strange yet utterly convincing . Like so much in this lovely book , it 's the weirdness that makes it feel real .
OSCEOLA AND THE GREAT SEMINOLE WAR :
A Struggle for Justice and Freedom
Advertisement
By Thom Hatch
St. Martin 's , 322 pp. , $ 27.99
Lionized in their time as a champion of their people , the Seminole warrior Osceola is less well-known today than they should be , according to veteran western historian Thom Hatch . In this book , Hatch tells the story of Osceola 's transformation from a youthful refugee to a legendary freedom fighter in “ the longest , most expensive , and deadliest war ever fought by Americans against Native Americans. ” It 's a fascinating history , touching on the complex relationships among white , black , and Native Americans in the contested territory we now know as Florida . And it 's a dismal one , in which whites coerced , bribed , or duped Indians into signing bogus treaties , and bent the rules of war to capture Osceola while they were waving the white flag .
Hatch 's meticulous research is evident in their depiction of Seminole village life and their detailed descriptions of conferences and battles . Scenes in which a captured Osceola poses for portraits by a series of painters reflect just how long celebrity culture has always been with us . Sadly , the prose here often fails to rise to its subject 's level of charm , rendering a fascinating story less captivating than it might have been .
Kate Tuttle , a writer and editor , can be reached at kate.tuttle @ gmail.com .
The world was on fire and no-one could save me but you
It 's strange what desire will make foolish people do
No , I 'd never dreamed that I 'd meet somebody like you
And I 'd never dreamed that I 'd lose somebody like you
No , I do n't wan na fall in love , no
Pinging noises filled the air as I woke up . I looked around . What the gnome was that ? I got out of bed and threw my clothes on , sliding my feet into my boots . I opened the door and looked out , finding the source .
No , I do n't wan na fall in love
Aron was on the little multi-colored zylohone .
“ Hey , kid . It 's like , 8 in the morning . What are you doing ? ” I asked him , walking towards him . The little boy stopped hitting the metal bars and looked up at me .
“ Awntie ” They smiled . I started down at them warily . Aron put down the wooden stick and , with a focused face , stood up .
“ What do you want ? ” I asked him .
This world will break your heart
Nobody 's falling in love
“ Hol , hol me awntie ” They said , walking towards me with slow steps . I shrank away from him .
“ Uh , no , kid . You do n't want me to hold you. ” I said , taking a step back . At that moment Aron lost their balance and fell . Their little face puckered up and they began issuing little huffs .
“ Awwwwwwntieeeeee ” They cried out , holding their hands out .
“ Oh gnome , kid . Do n't cry , you barely fell . You do n't want me to hold you . You don't… ” I paused , staring down at the tiny thing . “ I 'm not someone you want to get close to . ”
What a wicked game to play , to make me feel this way
“ Lo. ” Their soft voice floated to my ears . I breathed in . “ This is n't your fault . Do n't blame yourself . Do n't keep your family at arms length . ”
“ Ezra ? ” I asked , looking around .
“ Be strong my fire goddess . For me . I need you to be strong . ”
“ Ezra… ”
“ Do n't be afraid , darling . It will all turn out okay , with or without me . ”
“ Awwwwwwntiiiieeeeeeeee ” Aron wailed louder , breaking whatever state I had been in .
What a wicked thing to do , to let me dream of you
Spenser came out of one of the rooms at this time .
“ Oh , thank gnome . Spens , he 's not stopping. ” I said , staring at Aron . Spenser smiled and reached down to pick them up .
“ All they wanted to you to pick them up. ” They said , ticking Aron . They let out a series of giggles that were just about the cutest thing ever .
“ He can do something other than cry and bang on stuff ? ” I asked , stepping closer to the two .
“ Yes… ” Spenser said , staring at me . “ Here , hold him. ” They pushed them into my arms and let go .
What a wicked thing to say , you never felt this way
Reflexivly I caught them before they had moved down even an inch . A baby . I was holding a baby .
“ Awntie ! ” They giggled , smiling up at me .
“ Uh , hey there…kiddo. ” I said , looking to Spens . “ What do I do ? ” I asked . Spenser shrugged .
“ Tickle him , throw them in the air , talk to him , whatever you want . Just do n't drop him. ” They laughed , then turned to walk into their nursery .
“ Ah ! No , Spens do n't leave me with him ! ” I cried . Aron giggled and wiggled in my arms .
“ Pway Awntie , pway ! ” They cried , bouncing up and down .
What a wicked thing to do , to let me dream of you
“ Open up to them Lo. ” Their voice spoke again . “ Children can bring out the best in a person . They 're hope , they 're unconditional love . They will never question your love and will always return it if you offer it . Let them teach you how to love . ”
I gulped and looked at the child in my arms .
“ Pwease , pway wif me Awntie ” Aron said , frowning . Their big blue eyes watering up .
Gnome . If I did n't figure out how to play with them he 'd start crying again .
No , I do n't wan na fall in love , no
“ Uhh , okay , okay . Do n't cry kiddo. ” I said . Tickle , throw into air , talk . Those were the options Spens gave me . I wrapped both my hands around their tiny torso . “ You ready to be a , uh…rocket ? ” I asked .
“ Ya , ya ! I wan na be Awntie rocket ! ” Aron smiled .
Here goes nothing . I lifted them off my hip and threw them into the air . They went above me a little bit then landed safely back in my hands , giggling like a mad man .
“ Woosh woosh ! ! ” They giggled . I smiled . “ Again again ! ”
No , I do n't wan na fall in love
I kept at it , throwing little Aron into the air and catching them again in my hands . Their giggles filled the house and brought a smile to my face . They were pretty cute . Maybe I could do this , be an aunt . Maybe I could play with my nephews , love my nephews .
This world will break your heart
Nobody 's falling in love
I caught them again and put them on my hip like Spenser had held him .
“ Bad things happen to people I love. ” I whispered to him .
“ No. ” They said , forcefully . Their little brow was furrowed . “ No , Awntie . ”
At first I was shocked . “ Do you even know what you 're saying no to ? ” I asked him .
“ You 'd be surprised how smart they are. ” Spenser said . I looked up and blushed .
“ Oh , uh , I did n't see you there. ” I said .
No , I do n't wan na fall in love , no
No , I do n't wan na fall in love
“ Give them here. ” They said , smiling at me . I passed them to them and they gave them a bottle , setting them on the ground . “ Drink up your potion Aron . It 's yummy like milk ! ” They smiled at him .
“ Mmmmm , popo ! ” They exclaimed .
“ Potion ? ” I asked .
“ Yes . Both they and Cal are witches . The government , while it does n't question Hidden Springs residents , it does test all the residents randomly to make sure none are supernaturals . The potion I give the the boys , and to Silven , will dull their powers , making them untraceable. ” Spenser explained .
This world will break your heart
Nobody 's falling in love
“ You mean they ca n't use their powers ? ” I asked . Spenser nodded .
“ But , Silven , they cherished their powers . They were always the one training them , always the one trying to better them to protect us . How can they just get rid of them like this ? ” I ask . Again , Spenser smiled .
“ Sometimes Logan , when you love someone , you 'll give up anything , change anything , to protect them . Sometimes , the people you love are more important to you than yourself . This is n't a permanent solution . This wo n't last forever. ” They smiled down at Aron as they toddled over to the block toy . “ From Silven 's perspective , if they can live without their powers for a little while , until the government is overthrown , then they can protect their family . ”
The world was on fire and no one could save me but you
It 's strange how desire make foolish people do
Would I give up anything to protect Ezra ? The man who protected me . The man who pulled me from the wreckage that took my dad , that held me as my world fell apart , that still held faith in me when I had lost it myself .
Would I change anything to protect the man who sat outside my door for nearly two weeks talking when I did n't even pay attention to them half the time , the man who had patience with me , who retrained me , who kept my nightmares at bay ? The man who left , the same night they told me they loved me , to keep the Weres away long enough for Rowan to take me away to safety .
I 'd never dreamed that I 'd love somebody like you
And I 'd never dreamed that I 'd lose somebody like you
The answer I came up with scared me to my core . It scared me more than any Were could . I bit my lip and looked to Spenser .
“ I…I need to be alone. ” I said .
They nodded with a smile and turned their attention back to the twins . I moved down the stairs and out the front door . My feet carried me to the backyard . The winter air was cool against my bare skin , but I hardly felt it .
No , I do n't wan na fall in love , no
No , I do n't wan na fall in love
I sat in a chair and let my eyes wander over the landscape . My thoughts ran a million times a minute . Every thought of Ezra . Their black hair and gold eyes . Theirs smile , theirs laugh , their voice . I smiled , thinking about the nights they held me close , keeping the nightmares at bay .
This world will break your heart
Nobody 's falling in love
I thought back to that night of the fire , with the heat bringing sweat to our faces . Did they love me even then ? While my world fell apart and I fell further than I ever had before , was they trying to hold it all in for me ?
“ Does your decision still scare you ? ” Their voice asked .
“ I… ” I paused , thinking it over . “ I do n't think so . ”
“ Then what do you feel ? ” They asked . I thought long and hard , processing everything . The result was surprising .
“ Relief. ” I whispered to the wind .
Nobody 's falling in
Nobody 's falling in love
No , no no , woah , no , no , no , no
I had fallen in love with Ezra , and I was n't scared .
Advertisements
TAIPEI , Taiwan -- Taiwan 's president will transit through Houston and San Francisco next month while traveling to Central America , stops that will likely irritate Beijing , which has urged Washington to prevent the self-ruled island 's leader from landing in the United States .
Citing the presidential office , Taiwan 's official Central News Agency said Friday that President Tsai Ing-wen and their delegation will stop in Houston on Jan. 7 on their way to visit diplomatic allies Honduras , Nicaragua , Guatemala and El Salvador . They will stop in San Francisco on Jan. 13 on their return trip .
China steals U.S. Navy drone in international waters
China has repeatedly urged the U.S. not to allow Tsai to transit through the U.S. to avoid “ sending the wrong signal to Taiwanese independence forces . ”
U.S. lawmakers often meet with Taiwanese presidents when they transit through the U.S .
American relations with China have been somewhat rocky recently , following a precedent-breaking phone call between President-elect Donald Trump and Tsai earlier this month . No U.S. president-elect has spoken with a Taiwanese head of state since diplomatic ties were severed in 1979 - until Mr. Trump .
The Trump transition team said the two discussed “ the close economic , political and security ties ... between Taiwan and the United States ” and that President Tsai Ing-wen congratulated the president-elect on their victory .
After the conversation , China 's foreign minister described the controversial call as a “ little trick ” by Taiwan , and the Chinese government contacted the Obama White House to file an official complaint .
The bull market just keeps going higher and higher .
Stocks hit fresh records last week after the Federal Reserve soothed investors ' concerns by indicating that it 's probably not going to raise interest rates anytime soon .
With the S & P 500 up nearly 9 % this year , traders warning of a market pullback seem wrong , at least for now .
Related : Most loved and hated stocks right now
Here 's what needs to happen for stocks to climb even higher :
1 . A 'not too hot , not too cold ' economy : For stocks to keep going up , the Fed has to cooperate and not hike interest rates before investors expect it to , which right now is the summer of 2015 .
The Fed is likely to play along if the economy continues moving at a `` not too hot , not too cold '' rate , according to Jim Russell , Senior Equities Strategist for U.S. Bank Wealth Management ..
`` The economic numbers are really coming in right on script , '' they said .
In Russell 's mind , if the economy started to look too weak , investors would start to fret about the prospects for the recovery . On the other hand , if it was looking incredibly robust , there could be some concern that the Fed would need to hike interest rates earlier than most strategists are currently forecasting .
Related : More US families own cats than stocks
2 . Real earnings growth : In addition to the Fed , earnings have been the mother 's milk of the bull market . Companies are growing their bottom lines , but most of the healthy profits of the past few years have come largely through cost-cutting .
As the overall economic picture gets better , stocks could see a real boost if companies can show that they 're actually growing revenue because people are buying more things .
`` If the economy continues to improve , I want to see organic top line growth from corporate America , '' said Robert Landry , a money manager with USAA investments in San Antonio , Texas .
3 . Geopolitical stability : Geopolitical risk has been responsible for various market shocks this year , but they have all been short-lived . That trend should continue as long as the these situations do n't spin out of control .
The current crises may sound nerve wrecking with the United States getting ready for an extended campaign against ISIS and turmoil between Russia and the West over Ukraine still tense even after the cease-fire . But Landry claims that most times these things blow over quickly as far as the markets are concerned .
`` Sometimes there 's pretty negative reactions to these events when they occur , but the most typical reaction is that markets tend to rebound fairly quickly , '' they said .
Related : Why investors remain unfazed by ISIS
What could trigger a market descent ? Of course , market drops are never easy to predict , and there are plenty of things that could cause stocks to reverse course .
For one , stock valuations are pretty steep . The S & P 500 is trading at 15.6 times next year 's earnings compared to its 10-year price to earnings ratio average of 14.1 .
And there 's some worry that economic woes in Europe could curtail corporate profits . Russell noted that the market should get a better of idea of what effect Europe is having on business fortunes when companies start to release pre-earnings announcements in the coming weeks .
At the same time , even if stocks were to take a breather , that would n't necessarily be a bad thing , according to Landry .
`` Pullbacks tend to be healthy , especially when you have some outsize gains within a short period of time , '' they said .
KABUL ( Reuters ) - Afghan forces are suffering rising levels of battlefield casualties this year after unprecedented numbers of police and soldiers were killed and wounded in 2015 , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan said .
An Afghan National Army ( ANA ) soldier stands guard after the inauguration of the reconstruction project to restore the ruins of historic Darul Aman palace , in Kabul , Afghanistan May 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
U.S. Army General John Nicholson , in some of their first remarks since the United States last week scaled back its withdrawal plans , told a small group of reporters that the rising casualties were largely the result of Taliban attacks on fixed Afghan positions .
“ This year , we 're seeing more tactical success ( by the Afghans ) on the battlefield but more casualties as well , ” Nicholson said late on Saturday when asked about how Afghan forces were faring this year compared with 2015 . They did not disclose figures .
A spokesperson told Reuters on Sunday that Nicholson was referring to an increase so far in 2016 compared with the same period in 2015 , and noted how fighting was more intense due to the milder winter this year .
“ It 's when they 're in a defensive posture , such as in checkpoints being overrun , is where the majority of the casualties are occurring , ” Nicholson said .
More than 5,000 forces in Afghanistan were killed in action and over 14,000 were wounded in 2015 , when the Taliban staged a series of attacks that upended U.S. assumptions about the ability of Afghan forces to secure the country after more than 14 1/2 years of war .
On July 6 , U.S. President Barack Obama scrapped plans to slash the number of U.S. forces to 5,500 troops from 9,800 before they leave office , citing precarious security in Afghanistan .
Obama now plans to leave around 8,400 U.S. troops .
U.S. allies are also renewing their commitments , and NATO agreed on Saturday to help fund Afghan forces to the tune of around $ 1 billion annually over the next three years .
Nicholson praised Afghan forces for being able to recruit new fighters and carry on , despite the casualty rates . They said their losses could be addressed , including by replicating successful efforts to rapidly reset and retrain Afghan forces in southern Helmand province after their dismal performance last year .
Major General Moeen Faqir , the new commander of the 215th Corps in Helmand , told reporters their casualties were sharply down this year from 2015 .
Nicholson also suggested the Afghan Taliban were struggling after the U.S. killed their leader , Mullah Mohammad Akhtar Mansour , in a May drone strike across the border in Pakistan .
Mansour had tight control of Taliban finances , Nicholson said .
“ So what we 're seeing are some indications that some of the finances of the organization have been disrupted , ” they said .
Nicholson suggested Mansour 's successor , Mullah Haibatullah Akhundzada , had also alienated some fighters in the past .
“ So he 's not a unifying figure within that organization , ” they said .
If you 're an avid Dropbox user , then you have probably figured out that the site and service are n't working properly right now . As in , not at all , but it 's not completely “ down. ” A lot of tech professionals use the service to share files with distributed teams . It 's a lifesaver when you are n't sitting right next to your colleague .
Yes , 100 percent up-time is probably impossible , but once a few people start noticing a service disruption like this , and the company talks about it , then there is a broader discussion to be had .
The company has tweeted about the issue , which has been going on for the last hour :
Client Syncing , and Uploading via the website , will be affected for approximately the next hour . Thank you for your patience . — Dropbox ( @ DropboxOps ) January 10 , 2013
In a follow-up , the company says that its team is working on the issue :
Our engineers are still working on the issue . Your data is safe , syncing/ uploading from the webpage/desktop application are affected . — Dropbox ( @ DropboxOps ) January 10 , 2013
This causes concern for those who are n't fully trusting all of their filesharing in the “ cloud ” yet , because when something goes down , like Dropbox has , accessing your files is impossible . Basically , you 're relegated to emailing your co-workers and friends for an attachment of the file that you need , just like the old days . I was personally not able to log into the service on my desktop client .
For applications that are using Dropbox 's API to include filesharing , they 're going to see issues too . Basically , this is a cascading problem that affects everyone that touches any of Dropbox 's service .
It 's nice that the company is keeping everyone updated on what 's going on , as the first fear that you have when a service like this goes down is the safety of your files . We 've reached out to the company for further comment and will update you as we learn more .
Frustrated developers and paying customers are starting to tweet about it , too :
Right in the middle of passing edits back and forth , @ Dropbox goes down… again… — Shibaguyz ( @ Shibaguyz ) January 11 , 2013
https : //twitter.com/PaintedSawMedia/status/289526612012195840
These are the same reactions we see whenever Gmail goes down , because people rely on the service heavily to do their jobs and communicate with the rest of the world . Even if an email service goes down for five minutes , there will be people who are affected .
Where 's your cloud now ?
UPDATE 1 : There are more issues , according to the company :
Creating/joining shared folders , and creating shareable links to files , also affected . We appreciate you patience as we resolve this issue . — Dropbox ( @ DropboxOps ) January 11 , 2013
UPDATE 2 : Dropbox issued the following statement :
We are aware of an issue currently affecting people 's use of Dropbox . We apologize for any inconvenience you may be experiencing as we work to resolve this issue . For the latest updates , please see https : //twitter.com/dropboxops .
Update 3 : Shareable links should be back :
You should be able to create shareable links again . Our engineers are actively working to resolve remaining issues as quickly as possible . — Dropbox ( @ DropboxOps ) January 11 , 2013
UPDATE 3 : It looks like all issues have been resolved :
Thanks all for your patience . We 're happy to let you know that all issues have now been fixed ! — Dropbox ( @ DropboxOps ) January 11 , 2013
[ Photo credit : Flickr ]
UPDATED 9:30 a.m. Tuesday Nov. 24 with additional information .
Dell may be selling some Windows laptops with a dangerous security flaw that could allow hackers to access your computer . Users have reported that recent-model Dell laptops , including the XPS and Inspiron 5000 series , come preloaded with self-signed digital certificates that could let criminals and spies impersonate Dell and upload malware to these PCs , which could do anything from stealing your personal information to turning your computer into a bot .
A thread on Reddit appeared earlier today ( Nov. 23 ) detailing Reddit user Rotorcowboy 's discovery of a Dell certificate , called eDellRoot , upon a recently made XPS 15 laptop . Rotorcowboy discovered that the certificate contained a private key , and was able to extract it using commonplace hacker tools . On a recently made Dell XPS 13 , we found a second self-signed certificate , called DSDTestProvider , that also contained a private key -- a big security mistake .
Anyone with a recent Dell laptop can test for the presence of the eDellRoot certificate by visiting https : //bogus.lessonslearned.org/ , which uses that private key to authenticate itself as Dell . If you see an image of a ninja dog , you might be in trouble .
MORE : Best Midrange PC Antivirus Software
`` If I were a black-hat hacker , I 'd immediately go to the nearest big-city airport and sit outside the international first-class lounges and eavesdrop on everyone 's encrypted communications , '' wrote Robert Graham , chief technical officer of Atlanta-based Errata Security , in a blog posting . `` I suggest 'international first class , ' because if they can afford $ 10,000 for a ticket , they probably have something juicy on their computer worth hacking . ''
Graham means that anyone could use the Dell certificate 's private key to stage man-in-the-middle attack upon other computers on the same public Wi-Fi network . With Dell 's private key , any piece of software or any website could be made to look as if it belonged to Dell , and Dell PCs with the bad certificate would accept them as genuine .
But the attacks need not be limited to a single Wi-Fi network . Malicious websites could impersonate Dell , then upload bogus Dell software to Dell machines ; malicious online ads could do the same thing even on benign websites .
Ars Technica said that some Inspiron 5000 laptops might also be affected .
Second Bad Certificate Found
Here at Laptop Mag , we found both the eDellRoot and the DSDTestProvider certificates on a new Dell XPS 13 laptop ; they shared the same expiration date of Nov. 9 , 2031 . Like eDellRoot , DSDTestProvider was also self-signed and contained a private key . A two-year-old Dell XPS 13 also in our possession did not contain either certificate .
It 's not clear what either certificate is for , but some Reddit users speculated they might be in-house production certificates that accidentally made their way into a retail build of Windows . Earlier this year , Lenovo was found to be installing self-signed certificates as part of the `` Superfish '' ad-injection software , which made Lenovo a little extra cash ; there 's no indication that the Dell certificates are part of a similar program .
`` Customer security and privacy is a top concern for Dell , '' a Dell spokesperson told us . `` We have a team investigating the current situation and will update you as soon as we have more information . ''
Other tech websites received more detailed explanations , which a Dell spokesperson confirmed were accurate .
`` The recent situation raised is related to an on-the-box support certificate intended to provide a better , faster and easier customer support experience , '' CSO 's Steve Ragan quoted a Dell spokesperson as saying . `` Unfortunately , the certificate introduced an unintended security vulnerability . To address this , we are providing our customers with instructions to permanently remove the certificate from their systems via direct email , on our support site and Technical Support . ''
`` We began loading the current version on our consumer and commercial devices in August to make servicing PC issues faster and easier for customers , '' a Dell spokesperson apparently told Ragan 's IDG colleague Jeremy Kirk . `` When a PC engages with Dell online support , the certificate provides the system service tag allowing Dell online support to immediately identify the PC model , drivers , OS , hard drive , etc . making it easier and faster to service . No personal information has been collected or shared by Dell without the customer 's permission . ''
How Digital Certificates Work
Digital certificates are used to verify authenticity on the Internet , making certain that the website to which you connect really belongs to , for example , Amazon , or that software you download really comes from Microsoft . But they have to be properly implemented , and it appears that the eDellRoot certificate was n't .
Here 's a somewhat brief explanation . Digital certificates work using public-key cryptography , in which one party distributes a public key ( really a very long prime number ) , but keeps secret a private key ( also a very long prime number ) that is mathematically linked to the public key . Any message encrypted with the private key can be decrypted by the public key .
When a Web browser connects to a secure ( HTTPS ) website , the website sends a message encrypted using its private key . The browser decrypts the message using the public key in the website 's digital certificate , accepts the site as authentic , and a secure Web session begins .
But to maximize the security of this system , the certificates themselves should be certified by a `` higher power , '' a third party trusted by all that verifies that the digital certificate is genuine .
If this all sounds complicated and boring , it is . But without digital certificates , you would n't be able to trust shopping or banking sites , or software updates delivered over the Internet .
Undermining Your Security
The problems with the eDellRoot and DSDTestProvider certificates is that they each contain both a public and a private key , and list themselves as the higher authority guaranteeing authenticity — hence , they 're `` self-signed . '' You could extract the private key from either , use it to certify a bogus website , wait for affected Dell laptops to initiate secure Web sessions and — bingo ! — infect those laptops with malware .
`` Anyone can impersonate Dell '' using the eDellRoot certificate , Andrew Lewman , vice president of data development at Foster City , California-based security consultancy Norse , said in a statement . `` All enterprises should block the Dell certificate authority , both on the network and on their devices . Uninstalling the certificate authority from laptops and desktops should be a matter of a policy update . ''
How to Remove the Certificates
IT personnel are trained to uninstall digital certificates , but it 's not so difficult to do it yourself . If you have administrative rights on a Windows PC , go to the Start menu , type in `` certmgr.msc , '' click `` Trusted Root Certification Authorities , '' then click `` Certificates . '' If you have a certificate named `` eDellRoot '' or `` DSDTestProvider , '' right-click it , delete it , and restart the computer .
UPDATED : The above removal instructions are insufficient , as it turns out that Dell has embedded a direct-link library ( DLL ) in its build of Windows that reinstalls the eDellRoot certificate after a restart . Dell has posted instructions on how to fully remove the certificate here ( Word doc ) , and says it will remove the certificate with a software patch to be issued today ( Nov. 24 ) .
The flaw may affect more Dell models than previously indicated . eDellRoot is related to the Dell Foundation Services remote-assistance tool , which is found on three dozen models , including OptiPlex and Precision Tower desktops . It runs on 32-bit and 64-bit Windows 7 , Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 .
If you 're not up to removing the certificate yourself , and need to use the Web while waiting for Dell to push out the removal patch , you can stay ( relatively ) safe by using Mozilla Firefox , which uses its own set of digital certificates and should be unaffected . Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer , Google Chrome and Opera are affected , however .
However , Dell did not address the DSDTestProvider self-signed certificate that we discovered yesterday . We have contacted Dell regarding this second certificate and will update this story when we receive an answer .
Bringing an automated ARMv8 solution to the datacenter was n't easy , and this marks an important step for us in building a rich ecosystem of ARMv8-optimized workloads .
Since our Series A funding announcement two months ago led by SoftBank Corp ( the same SoftBank that acquired ARM Holdings in a $ 31 billion deal this summer ) , we 've been asked several times for our thoughts related to ARM chips in the datacenter . Well , we think it matters . Big Time . So much so that we 've been hard at work on an ARMv8 server solution for nearly a year -- well before Mr . Son flew to Greece to bid on taking over ARM Holdings !
As such , it is with great pleasure ( and a whole lot of anticipation ) that I 'm writing to announce that you can now provision hourly , on-demand ARMv8 servers powered by 2 x 48 Cavium SoC 's on Packet . We 're starting with our EWR1 home ( New York metro ) , as well as Sunnyvale and Amsterdam . We 'll add in Tokyo in early December when the facility opens for production customers .
The amazing thing about this server ( which also features 128 GB of DDR4 RAM and 320 GB of m.2 SSD flash ) is the incredibly low cost per core : at $ 0.50/hr for 96 cores , you 're paying about 1/10th the cost per core ( per hour ) versus our Intel-based Type 2 machine . The comparisons are n't exact , but the fuzzy math pans out if you can use 96 cores in a single machine .
Bringing an automated ARMv8 solution to the datacenter was n't easy , and this marks an important step for us in building a rich ecosystem of ARMv8-optimized workloads . To help grease the wheels , it 's worth noting that Packet 's API 's , 3rd party integrations and powerful meta data service are all 100 % supported with this launch , so you 'll find deploying your first ARM server cluster as easy as the Intel-powered types we offer .
Just like everything else we do , these are single-tenant bare-metal servers , not virtualized slices . We 're starting with Ubuntu 16.04 and CentOS 7 , but have CoreOS and FreeBSD almost ready for prime time , along with IoT focused OS flavors . Want something specific ? Just ask and we 're glad to add it to our public roadmap !
Background on ARM
For those of you that are n't microprocessor junkies , ARM creates a processor architecture that implements a reduced set of CPU instructions ( commonly referred to as “ RISC ” ) . While CISC chips like Intel x86 implement a broad set of generalized CPU features that allow compilers to offload a lot of common instructions onto the CPU , ARM takes a more “ lean and mean ” approach that forces compilers to do a little more work upfront , but allows for more control and better optimization for specific workloads .
Importantly , ARM chips are made and sold differently . ARM Holdings essentially licenses the chip architecture and CPU core designs to companies that customize them and then either fabricate them directly or contract the silicon work with a 3rd party fabricator like TSMC . Licensees include Applied Micro , Broadcom , NVidia , Huawei , AMD , Samsung and Apple .
Because of the diverse makeup of licensees and their focus on customizing chips for specific markets , ARM chips tend to be significantly more competitive than generic Intel E3 or E5 chips , which are made for a broad set of use cases and effectively lack competition . Basically there is a lot more choice when buying an ARM processor vs. when buying an x86 one .
ARM chip designs are also focused on power efficiency , which is why nearly every smart phone , IoT device or remote control for your TV is made with an ARM chip design inside of it .
Who Cares ?
If a powerful ARMv8 server lands in a datacenter near you ... does anybody care ? The question deserves an entire post on its own , so you can expect that coming down the pike . But basically we think so , and here 's the cliffnotes reason why :
Choice : Intel vs Intel ? Workload portability Workload specific processing High core count Security
Use Cases
While we have our own ideas , the main reason we just deployed hundreds of thousands of dollars of ARMv8 servers in our datacenters is to get your help in finding the use cases . From our beta users , we are seeing the following as strong leaders :
Building on ARM - Instead of doing all your ARM building on a Raspberry Pi located under your desk , or in a container on a VM inside of VirtualBox on of your laptop , you can now do so on 96 cores of dedicated ARMv8 in our fancy temperature-controlled , interweb-connected , man-trapped , state-of-the-art datacenters . Oh and hook it up to your CI pipeline using standard AWS-style cloud-init and provisioning hooks .
Porting to ARM - Have an open-source project and want to port it to ARM architecture or simply test to see if your multi-arch support really works ? Now 's your chance to get easily-consumable ARM to port and test your software without having to bear the burden of getting an OS successfully booting on an ARM VM/host . ( It was n't trivial ! More on that later . )
Docker Containers - One of the more interesting workloads we 're interested to see are Docker containers . Containerization in an automated , bare-metal world obviates the need/penalty for the virtual machine and we 're excited to see the price/performance of how that applies to containers running on ARM and high core count systems where multi-threading is an advantage over pure clock speed .
Network Applications - With ARMv8 and SSL/crypto offload , a lot of network applications like http/s , load balancing , switching , VPN , and tunneling will find a natural home on ARM architecture . If you need to deliver high-performance network applications to your end users , you should be looking at ARMv8 . We 're testing Cavium 's Nitrox SSL offload our labs now and will report back on the results .
Price - Oh yeah , it all comes down to price - price to watt basically . If you 're running a SaaS platform , crunching some data set or trying to optimize a large workload , the cost savings on the 96 core systems could be a game changer for you .
In the end , everybody wins when we have automated , repeatable ARM servers in the datacenter . We 're excited to take a big step towards that future today and ca n't wait for your feedback , bug reports and performance comparisons . Thanks for helping us make the Internet a bit better today !
Johan de Nysschen , president of Audi of America , has posted a clarification of their thoughts about the Chevy Volt on Audi USA News 's Facebook page . They wrote : “ Let me clearly state that in my opinion , electric vehicles will be part of the future transportation of society – but only if we go about it the right way . In fact , Audi is working on electric vehicles . ”
They say they do n't recall calling the Volt “ a car for idiots , ” and explains , “ It was certainly not my intention to leave the impression that I 'm opposed to electrical vehicles , and if I was unclear on either of those points then I need to eat crow . ”
Mr. de Nysschen does , however , still question the feasibility of the Volt as a concept . They explain , “ The 50 percent or so price increase that the Volt represents over a similar gasoline car can not be offset through the savings from reduced fuel consumption . ”
They add : “ The only way to offset the extreme premium for the Volt is through taxpayer-funded subsidies . So I question if that makes economic sense . ”
The original post :
“ No one is going to pay a $ 15,000 premium for a car that competes with a Corolla . So there are not enough idiots who will buy it . ”
Those were the words of Johan de Nysschen , president of Audi of America , who recently spoke ( quite candidly ) to Lawrence Ulrich in MSN Autos about the Chevrolet Volt . Early estimates for the price of the Volt are around $ 40,000 , and Mr. de Nysschen said that they do n't see many people paying that much for a car that competes with small compacts , which top out at around $ 25,000 . They called the the Chevy plug-in hybrid “ a car for idiots . ”
Mr. de Nysschen was clearly making a point , as Mr. Ulrich , a frequent contributor to The New York Times ' Automobiles section , goes on to explain :
De Nysschen expressed frustration with regulators and policymakers , saying the public has been hoodwinked into believing that E.V . 's are the only answer to global warming . The U.S. government , they said , is pouring billions of dollars into E.V . technology , yet diesel technology could deliver a more immediate and dramatic decrease in global-warming emissions . And the man knows of what they speak : Modern diesels already power half of Audi 's cars in Europe and have helped Audi dominate recent runnings of the 24 Hours of Le Mans . Diesels have been shown to emit 25 percent less carbon dioxide than gasoline engines , while using 25 to 35 percent less fuel .
Audi and Volkswagen have never been abashed about their push for diesel . Stefan Jacoby , the president and chief executive of the VW Group of America , has also criticized proponents of electric vehicles and hybrid technology .
At any rate , we ca n't wait to hear what Bob Lutz , G.M . 's notoriously garrulous vice chairperson for advertising , communications and marketing , has to say about this latest salvo from Audi .
We 're not surprised that there 's a PR firm specializing in protecting the public images of black teens wrongly targeted by cops -- we 're just surprised that it 's only in a satirical Funny Or Die sketch .
The firm promises that after a black teen 's all-too-likely experience with police brutality , the right photo ends up on the evening news .
`` When you 're murdered by the police , there is a criminal investigation . But more important is the public investigation , when your whole life is boiled down to one photo . Let 's make sure it 's the one of you playing frisbee , '' one of the pseudo PR people advises in the video , before the company 's office is raided by a SWAT team .
The media often casts a negative light on black victims , a trend brought to the forefront of national conversation after the Aug. 9 shooting of unarmed black teen Michael Brown by police officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson , Missouri .
During coverage of the teen 's death , many outlets published a photo of an unsmiling Brown looming tall over the camera . The image sparked questions over whether a white victim would have been portrayed in such a way .
There 's a website called Stop Timothy Gowers ! ! ! ! —yes , that 's the precise name , including the exclamation points . The site is run by a mathematician who for years went under the pseudonym “ owl / sowa , ” but who 's since outed themselves as Nikolai Ivanov .
For those who do n't know , Sir Timothy Gowers is a Fields Medalist , known for seminal contributions including the construction of Banach spaces with strange properties , the introduction of the Gowers norm , explicit bounds for the regularity lemma , and more—but who 's known at least as well for explaining math , in their blog , books , essays , MathOverflow , and elsewhere , in a remarkably clear , friendly , and accessible way . He 's also been a leader in the fight to free academia from predatory publishers .
So why on earth would a person like that need to be stopped ? According to sowa , because Gowers , along with other disreputable characters like Terry Tao and Endre Szemerédi and the late Paul Erdös , represents a dangerous style of doing mathematics : a style that 's just as enamored of concrete problems as it is of abstract theory-building , and that does n't even mind connections to other fields like theoretical computer science . If that style becomes popular with young people , it will prevent faculty positions and prestigious prizes from going to the only deserving kind of mathematics : the kind exemplified by Bourbaki and by Alexander Grothendieck , which builds up theoretical frameworks with principled disdain for the solving of simple-to-state problems . Mathematical prizes going to the wrong people—or even going to the right people but presented by the wrong people—are constant preoccupations of sowa 's . Read their blog and let me know if I 've unfairly characterized it .
Now for something totally unrelated . I recently discovered a forum on Reddit called SneerClub , which , as its name suggests , is devoted to sneering . At whom ? Basically , at anyone who writes anything nice about nerds or Silicon Valley , or who 's associated with the “ rationalist community , ” or the Effective Altruist movement , or futurism or AI risk . Typical targets include Scott Alexander , Eliezer Yudkowsky , Robin Hanson , Michael Vassar , Julia Galef , Paul Graham , Ray Kurzweil , Elon Musk … and with a list like that , I guess I should be honored to be a regular target too .
The basic SneerClub M.O . is to seize on a sentence that , when ripped from context and reflected through enough hermeneutic funhouse mirrors , can make nerds out to look like right-wing villains , oppressing the downtrodden with rays of disgusting white maleness ( even , it seems , ones who are n't actually white or male ) . So even if the nerd under discussion turns out to be , say , a leftist or a major donor to anti-Trump causes or malaria prevention or whatever , readers can feel reassured that their preexisting contempt was morally justified after all .
Thus : Eliezer Yudkowsky once wrote a piece of fiction in which a character , breaking the fourth wall , comments that another character seems to have no reason to be in the story . This shows that Eliezer is a fascist who sees people unlike themselves as having no reason to exist , and who 'd probably exterminate them if they could . Or : many rationalist nerds spend a lot of effort arguing against Trumpists , alt-righters , and neoreactionaries . The fact that they interact with those people , in order to rebut them , shows that they 're probably closet neoreactionaries themselves .
When I browse sites like “ Stop Timothy Gowers ! ! ! ! ” or SneerClub , I tend to get depressed about the world—and yet I keep browsing , out of a fascination that I do n't fully understand . I ask myself : how can a person read Gowers 's blog , or Slate Star Codex , without seeing what I see , which is basically luminous beacons of intellectual honesty and curiosity and clear thought and sparkling prose and charity to dissenting views , shining out far across the darkness of online discourse ?
( Incidentally , Gowers lists “ Stop Timothy Gowers ! ! ! ! ” in their blogroll , and I likewise learned of SneerClub only because Scott Alexander linked to it . )
I 'm well aware that this very question will only prompt more sneers . From the sneerers ' perspective , they and their friends are the beacons , while Gowers or Scott Alexander are the darkness . How could a neutral observer possibly decide who was right ?
But then I reflect that there 's at least one glaring asymmetry between the sides .
If you read Timothy Gowers 's blog , one thing you 'll constantly notice is mathematics . When he 's not weighing in on current events—for example , writing against Brexit , Elsevier , or the destruction of a math department by cost-cutting bureaucrats—Gowers is usually found delighting in exploring a new problem , or finding a new way to explain a known result . Often , as with their dialogue with John Baez and others about the recent “ p=t ” breakthrough , Gowers is struggling to understand an unfamiliar piece of mathematics—and , completely unafraid of looking like an undergrad rather than a Fields Medalist , they simply share each step of their journey , mistakes and all , inviting you to follow for as long as you can keep up . Personally , I find it electrifying : why ca n't all mathematicians write like that ?
By contrast , when you read sowa 's blog , for all the anger about the sullying of mathematics by unworthy practitioners , there 's a striking absence of mathematical exposition . Not once does sowa ever say : “ OK , forget about the controversy . Since you 're here , instead of just telling you about the epochal greatness of Grothendieck , let me walk you through an example . Let me share a beautiful little insight that came out of their approach , in so self-contained a way that even a physicist or computer scientist will understand it. ” In other words , sowa never uses their blog to do what Gowers does every day . Sowa might respond that that 's what papers are for—but the thing about a blog is that it gives you the chance to reach a much wider readership than your papers do . If someone is already blogging anyway , why would n't they seize that chance to share something they love ?
Similar comments apply to Slate Star Codex versus r/SneerClub . When I read an SSC post , even if I vehemently disagree with the central thesis ( which , yes , happens sometimes ) , I always leave the diner intellectually sated . For the rest of the day , my brain is bloated with new historical tidbits , or a deep-dive into the effects of a psychiatric drug I 'd never heard of , or a jaw-dropping firsthand account of life as a medical resident , or a different way to think about a philosophical problem—or , if nothing else , some wicked puns and turns of phrase .
But when I visit r/SneerClub—well , I get exactly what 's advertised on the tin . Once you 've read a few , the sneers become pretty predictable . I thought that for sure , I 'd occasionally find something like : “ look , we all agree that Eliezer Yudkowsky and Elon Musk and Nick Bostrom are talking out their asses about AI , and are coddled white male emotional toddlers to boot . But even granting that , what do we think about AI ? Are intelligences vastly smarter than humans possible ? If not , then what principle rules them out ? What , if anything , can be said about what a superintelligent being would do , or want ? Just for fun , let 's explore this a little : I mean the actual questions themselves , not the psychological reasons why others explore them . ”
That never happens . Why not ?
There 's another fascinating Reddit forum called “ RoastMe ” , where people submit a photo of themselves holding a sign expressing their desire to be “ roasted ” —and then hundreds of Redditors duly oblige , savagely mocking the person 's appearance and anything else they can learn about the person from their profile . Many of the roasts are so merciless that one winces vicariously for the poor schmucks who signed up for this , hopes that they wo n't be driven to self-harm or suicide . But browse enough roasts , and a realization starts to sink in : there 's no person , however beautiful or interesting they might 've seemed a priori , for whom this roasting ca n't be accomplished . And that very generality makes the roasting lose much of its power—which maybe , optimistically , was the point of the whole exercise ?
In the same way , spend a few days browsing SneerClub , and the truth hits you : once you 've made their enemies list , there 's nothing you could possibly say or do that they would n't sneer at . Like , say it 's a nice day outside , and someone will reply :
“ holy crap how much of an entitled nerdbro do you have to be , to erase all the marginalized people for whom the day is anything but ‘ nice'—or who might be unable to go outside at all , because of limited mobility or other factors never even considered in these little rich white boys ' geek utopia ? ”
For me , this realization is liberating . If appeasement of those who hate you is doomed to fail , why bother even embarking on it ?
I 've spent a lot of time on this blog criticizing D-Wave , and cringeworthy popular articles about quantum computing , and touted arXiv preprints that say wrong things . But I hope regular readers feel like I 've also tried to offer something positive : y'know , actual progress in quantum computing that actually excites me , or a talk about big numbers , or an explanation of the Bekenstein bound , whatever . My experience with sites like “ Stop Timothy Gowers ! ! ! ! ” and SneerClub makes me feel like I ought to be doing less criticizing and more positive stuff .
Why , because I fear turning into a sneerer myself ? No , it 's subtler than that : because reading the sneerers drives home for me that it 's a fool 's quest to try to become what Scott Alexander once called an “ apex predator of the signalling world . ”
At the risk of stating the obvious : if you write , for example , that Richard Feynman was a self-aggrandizing chauvinist showboater , then even if your remarks have a nonzero inner product with the truth , you do n't thereby “ transcend ” Feynman and stand above him , in the same way that set theory transcends and stands above arithmetic by constructing a model for it . Feynman 's achievements do n't thereby become your achievements .
When I was in college , I devoured Ray Monk 's two-volume biography of Bertrand Russell . This is a superb work of scholarship , which I warmly recommend to everyone . But there 's one problem with it : Monk is constantly harping on their subject 's failures , and they have no sense of humor , and Russell does . The result is that , whenever Monk quotes Russell 's personal letters at length to prove what a jerk Russell was , the quoted passages just leap off the page—as if old Bertie has come back from the dead to share a laugh with you , the reader , while their biographer looks on sternly and says , “ you two think this is funny ? ”
For a writer , I can think of no higher aspiration than that : to write like Bertrand Russell or like Scott Alexander—in such a way that , even when people quote you to stand above you , your words break free of the imprisoning quotation marks , wiggle past the critics , and enter the minds of readers of your generation and of generations not yet born .
Update ( Nov. 13 ) : Since apparently some people did n't know ( ? ! ) , the title of this post comes from the famous Teddy Roosevelt quote :
It is not the critic who counts ; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles , or where the doer of deeds could have done them better . The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena , whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood ; who strives valiantly ; who errs , who comes short again and again , because there is no effort without error and shortcoming ; but who does actually strive to do the deeds ; who knows great enthusiasms , the great devotions ; who spends themselves in a worthy cause ; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement , and who at the worst , if they fail , at least fails while daring greatly , so that their place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Pit stop practice is an important thing for the teams to do throughout testing , but it 's also one of the few times the cars will be stationary and out in the open . That means it 's a golden opportunity for people from other teams to go out and snap some photos of the car , hoping to learn more about some of the more intricate details .
Red Bull are notorious for really , really hating anyone getting close-ups of their car ( it 's a good job they do n't draw attention to themselves by doing things like , I dunno , hiring young and exciting drivers ) , so they 've come up with a solution . No , these are n't the latest crazy rule interpretations of Adrian Newey , but rather parts of a ‘ dummy car ' the team use for pit stop practice .
Change is nothing new for FC Kansas City . The two-time defending National Women 's Soccer League champions have overcome important personnel changes each of the previous two offseasons only to lift the league trophy at seasons ' ends .
Some three months after beating Seattle Reign FC in the NWSL Championship for the second year running , FC Kansas City is now without 2013 NWSL MVP Lauren Holiday , defenders Amy LePeilbet and Leigh Ann Brown ( née Robinson ) , and forward Amy Rodriguez . The former three retired — center back LePeilbet and right back Robinson after playing every minute for the club in 2015 — and Rodriguez is pregnant with their second child and due to miss most if not all of the upcoming NWSL season .
After a second-place finish and a semifinal exit in 2013 , midfield stalwart Desiree Scott left FC Kansas City and Lauren Sesselmann , their teammate for club and country , was taken by the Dash in the expansion draft . Both were full-season starters for the Blues . FC Kansas City also traded away starter Kristie Mewis in a deal which brought them Rodriguez , who returned from their first pregnancy to net 13 goals , second-most in the league .
And heading into 2015 , the Blues lost half of their starting defense . Kassey Kallman was traded to Boston to acquire Heather O'Reilly and Nikki Phillips took the year off . So did midfielder Jenna Richmond .
[ MORE : Will NWSL 's new allocation ranking system create fairness , transparency ? ]
But this offseason is the biggest hit yet for FC Kansas City , a franchise which few knew anything about when the NWSL announced its founding members late in 2012 but one which has since blossomed into the most consistent team throughout the first three seasons of NWSL . How will the champions deal with the loss of four core players and stay near the top of a league which has seen aggressive movement by competitors this offseason ?
“ I do n't necessarily want to say rebuild , because every time when people say rebuild it 's almost like they are looking for an excuse not to win , ” FC Kansas City coach Vlatko Andonovski says when presented with that ‘ R-word ' so many teams in the offseason . “ No , there is no rebuild , just a couple of changes . If you look at our roster from year two to year three , there are just as many changes , maybe , but not big names like this . We make changes every year , whatever we need to do to make the team better . This year , we were forced to make the changes . It 's not because we wanted to , but still I think that we are already on the way to create this good team . ”
In the past week , FC Kansas City acquired two 2015 World Cup participants : U.S. striker Sydney Leroux in a three-team trade and New Zealand defender Katie Bowen in the 2016 NWSL College Draft .
Leroux is the most important piece of the puzzle for FC Kansas City , who traded Sarah Hagen — a forward trying to fight their way back into the picture of the U.S. national team — to Orlando Pride just weeks before learning of Rodriguez 's pregnancy . Acquiring Leroux is clearly an answer to the sudden void at the forward position for FC Kansas City , but the move is n't as reactionary as it appears .
“ It took almost a year , the Leroux trade , ” Andonovski says with a hint of relief . “ I think that it if it was n't for Huw , it was n't going to happen . ”
“ We worked awfully hard on it , ” Williams interjects .
They continue : “ Every team in this league wants a Sydney Leroux . She 's a player that can be an absolute , immediate impact and sure , it became more viable and more important perhaps after the A-Rod situation , but we were far , way along before that . We were close a couple of times and then it fell through and we had to start all over again . But it was a lot of people working awfully hard to make it happen . ”
[ REPORTS : Teenager Pugh turning down college to go pro , play for Thorns , USWNT ]
Leroux has been public over the past year about their desire to play in Kansas City , where their husband , Dom Dwyer , players for Sporting Kansas City . They inquired about a trade to Kansas City last year while in Seattle , which the Reign took as a sign that they are n't as committed to them as they were to her , and so they traded them to the Western New York Flash .
Seemingly the biggest challenge for FC Kansas City is fitting Leroux 's preferred direct style of play into the possession-oriented brand of soccer the Blues have trademarked through the first three years of the league . Andonovski offers a strong rebuttal to any concerns about Leroux fitting into the Blues ' system .
“ She 's not any more direct than Amy Rodriguez was , but our style did n't change and A-Rod was the leading scorer in the league , ” they said ( Rodriguez 's 13 goals in 2014 were second to Kim Little 's 16 ) . “ My point is that I think they will adapt the style very well and they will enjoy it and they will be very successful . ”
Leroux played in only three games for the Flash , scoring once . They have n't played in a competitive match since June at the World Cup after undergoing surgery on their right ankle in July . They scored five goals in 22 games for Seattle in 2014 after netting 11 goals in 19 games for Boston in 2013 . Leroux will be expected to shoulder much of the scoring load in 2016 , but the club is high on former No . 2 overall draft pick Tiffany McCarty , who was also acquired in that Leroux trade .
Still , FC Kansas City 's biggest challenges remain in the back and in midfield .
LePeilbet helped anchor a league-best defense which gave up only 20 goals in 20 games last season , even without U.S. defender Becky Sauerbrunn — voted defender of the year all three seasons of the NWSL thus far — for almost half of the regular season due to World Cup duties . It was LePeilbet who returned to playing like their days in WPS — when they won back-to-back defender of the year awards of their own in 2009 and 2010 — to hold down the back line .
Brown exits NWSL as one of the all-time underrated players , playing 6,192 of a possible 6,420 in club history , including the playoffs .
And Holiday took the league by storm in 2013 , leading the NWSL in goals ( 12 ) and assists ( 9 ) en route to MVP honors . They returned from Canada this summer as a 2015 World Cup champion and exited on top of the NWSL as well in October . For both FC Kansas City and the U.S. national team , they are irreplaceable .
“ It 's going to be more adapting as a group than it is one player , ” said Huw Williams , director of soccer operations for the club .
“ Filling in for Lauren is not easy . I do n't think anyone will be able to do for us what they did . ”
[ MORE : NWSL Draft analysis | Sonnett No . 1 to Thorns | Rodriguez No . 2 to SBFC ]
Andonovski and Williams speak of a system and fitting players into that FC Kansas City way . Young midfielders like Mandy Laddish , Frances Silva and Erika Tymrak — whose play in 2013 earned their looks from then-U.S. coach Tom Sermanni — will need to take on larger roles . Shea Groom must also take on a larger role in the absence of Rodriguez , who is due in mid-July and could miss the entire season . ( Rodriguez said through a club representative , “ If I can , I will be back this year. ” But even if they return in 2016 , their time will be limited with the season likely to end in late September or early October . )
Midfielder Katrina Gorry could return to the club — FC Kansas City still holds Gorry 's rights — depending on Australia 's plans for the year ( the Matildas still need to qualify for the Olympics ) . FC Kansas City is also currently out of open international spots after acquiring one for Bowen .
Stalwart and all-time underrated midfielder Jen Buczkowski will likely only be available for the first half of the season as they begin physical therapy school . Richmond is unlikely to return to the team after a year away .
Defensive voids are a point of concern as well , but the acquisition of Brittany Taylor — who earned caps with the U.S. in 2010 and 2011 — will fill the need for a starting center back . Williams calls them one of the best non-national team players in the NWSL .
Taylor should adapt well to Andonovski 's defensive style and system which has proven to work with multiple personnel .
[ GORDON : Houston chooses forward Daly after they choose NWSL — here 's why ]
Phillips will not be returning to play this season . Brianne Reed , the Blues ' other second-round draft pick , was part of a historic Rutgers defense which brought the program to its first College Cup .
“ We feel like both players have the potential to be starters on our team , and now it is up to them and how they are going to compete against other players on the team , ” Andonovski said . “ Both of them are great defenders and that is definitely a position that we needed . ”
Still , it 's hard to objectively not look at 2016 as something of a rebuild for FC Kansas City . But that does n't mean the coaching staff of the two-time defending NWSL champions has lowered its expectations .
“ It 's not going to be a rebuilding in terms of , ‘ hey , it will take a couple of years here , ' ” they say . “ Our goal is a three-peat . We think we 're starting to build something special here . ”
Why events of the summer of 2013 have left Simon Mignolet in no doubt as to Loris Karius 's threat
`` I always felt it was important for us to have competition right the way through the squad , and that includes the goalkeepers . We 've got great competition and when you 've got competition it pushes everyone to perform. ” Brendan Rodgers , July 2013 .
Simon Mignolet knows better than most what competition means . When they joined Liverpool from Sunderland in 2013 , their new club 's public position was that their arrival would put much needed pressure on Pepe Reina 's place .
There was no preferred number one , the pair would fight it out and whoever performed better would earn the right to play . Within a month Reina had joined Napoli on loan and Mignolet 's position as first choice was unchallenged . So much for competition .
This time around , Mignolet is on the other end . They are the goalkeeper in possession and they are the one whose status is threatened by a new arrival . They are also hearing their manager , Jurgen Klopp , saying similar things to those said by Rodgers when trying to give the illusion of competition three years earlier .
Back then , Mignolet knew that a decision had already been made about who would be Liverpool 's number one and it had gone in their favour , they would not have made a £9 million move from Sunderland otherwise .
Now , the boot is on the other foot and they will fear , with no little legitimacy , that Loris Karius 's long awaited debut at Derby County on Tuesday night will be the signal that their own run is coming to an end .
Advertisement
Looking ahead to the third round EFL Cup tie , Klopp knew that the question about who would play in goal was coming and they were ready for it . Some fairly nimble verbal gymnastics followed in which the Liverpool manager trotted out the usual platitudes that Rodgers had also resorted to in the summer of 2013 as they sought to avoid showing favour to either Karius or Mignolet .
But the upshot was that Klopp neither said Mignolet will automatically come back in against Hull City on Saturday nor that the Belgium international is their number one . Mignolet 's place is clearly up for grabs .
The reality is that had Karius not suffered a fractured hand during pre-season a succession would already have taken place . Having been frustrated at a lack of playing time during a brief spell at Manchester City , the German under-21 international agreed to join Liverpool from Mainz during the summer on the basis that they would play and Klopp had planned to pick them in the opening games of the new season before injury struck .
Such was Karius 's confidence that they would start ahead of Mignolet , who had returned to pre-season later than their rival having been involved with Belgium at Euro 2016 , that they informed Horst Hrubesch the German Olympic national team coach , that they would not be available to travel to Brazil due to club commitments .
Mignolet was given a stay of execution and despite conceding eight goals in the first five games of the new campaign they have done enough for it to be considered slightly harsh , if not unfair or unexpected , if they do now lose their place .
Tellingly , Klopp provided them with no assurances and offered no guarantees . Instead , the language centred on competition and what it brings . Mignolet knows better than most exactly what that usually means , particularly with their manager waxing lyrical about how Karius is the latest talent to emerge from a German production line of goalkeepers that Klopp believes is the best in world football .
Advertisement
“ In the moment when we signed them you can imagine we thought they are not so bad . That 's how it is , ” Klopp said after confirming that Karius will play at Derby . “ He was a really strong Bundesliga goalkeeper , that means a lot . Germany is a goalkeeper country . We have no issue with goalkeepers . The best keeper ( Manuel Neuer ) plays at Bayern Munich and is German . We always had good ones , maybe not always the best in the world , but good ones . The mentality is we like this job . The kids like to wear gloves . It 's good to be in goal for a Bundesliga team . I saw Karius 's way . They had a bad start at Mainz , when no-one wanted him , and went on to become an outstanding goalkeeper . We wanted him , I spoke to them and that is what we got . ”
Klopp then pre-empted the inevitable .
“ I know where your question will lead , ” they said before providing a dextrous and diplomatic answer that they hoped would defuse a delicate situation .
“ What we want is two really strong goalkeepers and that is what I think we have got , ” they said . “ Loris had an advantage in pre-season and could not use it because of injury . Simon came in this moment back from the national team and did a brilliant job . I really do n't want to make a big battle of these two goalkeepers , why should I ? Goalkeepers need to feel secure but you ca n't play your life as a keeper without conceding goals . You will always feel a bit guilty , more or less . “ But you want a manager who will say you can still stay and feel confident . I ca n't say ‘ today , them and then today him ' . The pressure on the players is big enough . I do n't have to make any more , they have to do their best and then when I have a feeling for something I will change , or not . It is not because we paid money for Loris and did not pay money last year for Simon that I make the decision . It is about what I see in training , and what I see is two very good goalkeepers . The business is done and now they have to perform . ”
Should Karius perform tomorrow night as Klopp believes a German keeper should , in terms of both style and substance , Mignolet 's place will be in jeopardy .
Asked if the former Sunderland goalkeeper would come straight back into the side against Hull regardless of how Karius plays , an affirmative response was not forthcoming .
“ Where is my possibility to answer ? ” they asked . “ When I say ‘ yes ' what does it mean to Loris ? If I say ‘ no ' what does it mean to Simon ? This question makes sense but the answer would not . There is no number one at this moment , there is no decision , it is just about performing and showing how good you are . For all players it is the same . I wo n't say someone is our centre-half for the next 15 months . It is about performing and improving . Show how much you can help the team . ”
Advertisement
That there is no number one at this moment is good news for the player who has not been playing and not particularly good for the one who has .
Nevertheless , Mignolet remains sanguine about the situation they are facing . “ I knew when I signed my new contract back in January that there would be some other goalkeepers coming in . It 's nice to see , ” they told the latest edition of Liverpool 's official club magazine .
“ We need a big squad and it 's good to have competition . It pushes you on and makes you want to perform at your best even more . I think having competition like that is how you create a good team . ”
Another way of creating a good team is to bring in better players than the one you have . That , more often than not , is what competition boils down to .
Unlike Reina three years ago , Mignolet is still in there fighting and could yet defy expectations by holding off Karius 's challenge but should their rival live up to Klopp 's billing change will come , the only question is when it occurs .
Read More :
JUNEAU — The Alaska House voted Saturday to institute a state personal income tax geared toward high-earners — a milestone for a majority caucus that pledged to fix the state 's budget crisis , even as their proposal appears to face minuscule odds of passing the Senate .
All 22 House majority members — 17 Democrats , three Republicans and two independents — voted for House Bill 115 , with 17 Republican minority members opposed and Big Lake Republican Rep. Mark Neuman absent .
The legislation remains subject to a reconsideration vote before moving to the Senate .
The Alaska income tax — approved the same day federal income taxes would have been due had it not been a Saturday— is one of three planks in the House majority 's broad plan to fix the state 's deficit of nearly $ 3 billion .
HB 115 would raise an estimated $ 700 million a year , while separate legislation to increase oil taxes and restructure the Permanent Fund would generate some $ 2 billion more .
HB 115 would leave Alaska with an effective tax rate of 1.66 percent , the fourth-lowest of the 40 other states that levy broad-based personal income taxes , according to an analysis by the liberal-leaning Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy in Washington , D.C .
The bill would take effect in 2019 . Taxes would be withheld from wage-earner paychecks beginning in January of that year . The first taxes would be due in early 2020 .
House majority members argued the measure would help avoid budget cuts to schools and the state university system that have been advanced by the Republican-led Senate majority .
And they described their proposal as placing a modest burden primarily on higher-income Alaskans — and on visiting workers — who otherwise would feel relatively small direct impacts from the restructured Permanent Fund and resulting diminished dividend checks .
For some poor Alaskans , by contrast , Permanent Fund dividends — which would be sharply reduced from recent highs if the House 's full revenue package is approved — make up a significant portion of their annual income .
While dividend reductions hit poor residents especially hard , the proposed income tax rate rises from 2.5 percent on annual earnings up to $ 50,000 to 7 percent of income above $ 250,000 .
The top 1 percent of earners would pay about 27 percent of the total taxes due under the House proposal .
`` Reducing the PFD does not spread the impact fairly , '' said Rep. Paul Seaton , R-Homer and one of the main advocates for the tax . `` This bill is one essential component of a complete fiscal plan . And combined with the other elements the body has already passed , HB 115 will balance and spread the impact equitably across all economic segments of our society . ''
Majority members also argued the legislation would maintain essential government services in rural areas and for low-income residents . The majority has branded the bill an education tax and directs its proceeds to schools , though the Alaska Constitution would allow future lawmakers to spend the money in other ways .
`` I 'm not going to apologize for the fact that smaller communities depend on state government services on a higher per-capita level than the bigger communities , '' said House Speaker Bryce Edgmon , a Democrat from the rural fishing town of Dillingham , who left their chair for a rare speech from the floor . `` We can not cut our way to a sustainable future in Alaska . ''
House GOP minority members characterized the legislation as an overreaction to Alaska 's fiscal crisis . They have argued a restructured Permanent Fund closes enough of the deficit to keep the state solvent for years , and a rise in oil prices — if one occurs — could help make up the gap the income tax is supposed to fill .
`` The price is up . Who knows what it will be in three years ? '' asked North Pole Republican Rep. Tammie Wilson , who was arguing on behalf of an amendment — rejected by the majority — to end the income tax in 2023 .
Other defeated minority amendments would have established a Pick.Click.Give program for Alaskans to give back part of their dividends to the state , and allowed public employees to return a portion of their salaries to the government .
Minority members also described the income tax as taking more from their working-class constituents to help support government workers and lower-income residents .
`` The way you get more money in the economy is to generate new wealth , not redistribute the wealth we have , '' said Eagle River Republican Rep. Dan Saddler . `` Let 's call this what it is : It is income redistribution . It is taking from the haves and giving to the have-nots . ''
The minority 's arguments echo the ones made by the Republican-led Senate majority , whose members have effectively declared the income tax proposal dead on arrival in their chamber .
Senate majority leaders had downplayed the potential that they 'd even have to consider HB 115 , arguing the proposal was so unpopular the House was unlikely to approve it .
`` We were being drawn into a discussion about negotiating an income tax . Tell me why we would negotiate an income tax that we 're against when they have n't been able to pass it out of their own body — and it 's never really looked like they could , '' Senate President Pete Kelly , R-Fairbanks , said at a news conference Thursday before the Saturday vote proved them wrong .
`` We 've said so before and we 'll continue to say it : The only thing standing between Alaskans and an income tax right now is the Senate , '' they stated .
If HB 115 were to somehow become law at the end of negotiations between the two chambers , it would take effect 70 years after the Territorial Legislature established a personal income tax set at 10 percent of individuals ' federal tax bills .
The rate rose to 16 percent by 1961 , before the state , in the mid-1970s , switched to using its own tax brackets .
But by the end of that decade , after the opening of the trans-Alaska pipeline helped fill state bank accounts with oil money , the personal income tax was under attack .
In 1980 , the Legislature , in a special session , voted to abolish it .
Until the crash in oil prices three years ago , state government ran almost entirely on taxes and royalties paid by producers of the fossil fuel , making Alaska the only state to levy no taxes on sales or income .
Swings in oil prices , along with a long-term decline in production , have sparked periodic debate about using Permanent Fund investment earnings or broad-based taxes to help stabilize the state budget . But no such measures have been adopted .
`` We 've been fortunate for the last 40 years to be able to rely on resource revenue to support most government operations , '' said Ken Alper , the state tax director .
But pressure has grown on lawmakers in the past two years to adopt budget reforms as they 've withdrawn billions from reserves , leaving a projected savings balance below $ 5 billion — less than two years ' worth of deficits — at the end of June in the state 's primary savings account , the Constitutional Budget Reserve .
When the new House majority formed after the November election , moving the chamber away from GOP leadership for the first time in decades , members pledged to approve comprehensive budget reforms even if those steps posed significant political risks .
The majority 's two independent members — Reps. Jason Grenn of Anchorage and Dan Ortiz of Ketchikan — had wavered on the income tax before voting for it Saturday .
Grenn , who narrowly defeated a GOP incumbent last year and was already facing attacks from Republicans before Saturday 's vote , said their district , the Sand Lake area , is evenly split on the income tax question .
`` Clearly , opinions are mixed . There 's no easy decision on how we fix our budget challenges , '' they said . But , they added , `` It would not be responsible to do nothing . ''
The fight over an income tax is just one of the many differences between the House and Senate that remained unresolved Saturday , the 89th day of the legislative session .
The Senate majority also opposes the extent of the changes in the House 's oil-tax plan ; it 's pushing for a smaller dividend and it 's also proposed sharp budget cuts to schools and the state university system that the House majority opposes .
A 2006 citizens initiative limited the legislative session to 90 days . But because the Legislature writes its own laws and the initiative itself is a law , lawmakers can simply continue through a 121-day deadline set by the state Constitution .
BRUNSWICK Maine ( Reuters ) - The federal government has threatened to cut funding for Maine 's food stamp program , saying the state may be violating recipients ' civil rights by requiring welfare cards to bear their photograph .
Maine began printing photos on electronic benefit ( EBT ) cards in July in an effort that Republican Governor Paul LePage said was designed to combat fraud .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture , which administers funding for the federal Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) , said in a letter on Thursday that the state was now “ at risk of losing Federal financial participation . ”
“ Any individual who applies for SNAP on behalf of eligible household members must be able to access the program without fear , ” USDA regional administrator Kurt Messner wrote in the letter to Maine 's Department of Health and Human Services , adding that a photo ID requirement on benefit cards could have a “ chilling effect ” on prospective applicants .
Maine 's food stamp program costs some $ 360 million per year , all of which is paid for by the federal government . It was not clear if all of the funding was at risk .
Thursday 's letter from the USDA followed an August inspection in Maine in which USDA staff said they found evidence Maine was requiring the photos .
Maine Health and Human Services Commissioner Mary Mayhew called the allegations misleading .
“ We do not believe that a policy putting photos on EBT cards has a ‘ chilling effect ' on their appropriate use any more than putting photos on drivers licenses has a ‘ chilling effect ' on driving , ” they said . They added that printing photos on welfare cards was indeed optional , but that only around 100 of the more than 21,000 recipients had declined .
“ The feds objective in coming to Maine was nothing more than an attempt to undermine our ongoing efforts to reduce fraud , waste and abuse in welfare programs , ” they said .
The Maine photo ID program is part of a broader crackdown on welfare fraud by LePage , who is backed by Tea Party conservatives and was re-elected this month after a contentious three-way race during which they pledged to overhaul the state 's welfare system .
Maine is not the first state to require the photos but the federal government set special rules for those states , which also include Massachusetts and New York .
College Football Hall of Fame Brick Locator
Thank you for participating in the College Football Hall of Fame and Chick-fil-A Fan Experience Legacy Brick Program !
Your generous contribution has helped to build the new Hall of Fame in Atlanta , celebrating and preserving the game of college football for all generations .
Bricks are on display at the main entrance into the Hall and inside the replica field on the north wall .
To locate your brick , just type in a first or last name of the brick purchaser or one or two words of your brick inscription to see a search list .
Click on the eye icon when you see your brick to reveal a map of where to locate your brick at the Hall .
Enjoy your visit and welcome to the College Football Hall of Fame and Chick-fil-A Fan Experience Team !
Station wagons are for taking the kids to soccer or going to a PTA meeting , but the new Audi RS 4 Avants ( not available in the US ) is not that kind of station wagon . With a V-8 engine and 450 horsepower , this car has a bit more oomph than the typical mom-mobile . To show the handling capability and prowess of the car , Audi pitted one car against the other in the ultimate paintball fight .
A white Rs 4 versus a black Rs 4 , driven by stunt drivers in an empty Ministry of Defense hangar can make for a very messy battle . The two stuntmen , Jim Dowdall and Colin Skeaping , who have done stunts for films such as Star Wars , James Bond , Indiana Jones and Batman , adeptly handle the cars around hairpin turns and sliding through paint , while aiming their guns , specially harnessed onto the hood of the cars . Points were awarded for creativity , finesse and hits .
One night this past March , Sarah Edmondson says they were one of five women summoned to a house outside Albany , New York.She was there to willingly participate in a strange initiation ritual led by a woman who they said told everyone to take off their clothes and put on blindfolds . `` [ She ] led us in blindfolded and sat us in a semicircle ... buck naked , no clothes , on a sheepskin rug , '' Edmondson said . `` Could that be any weirder ? `` `` And we were all , 'My goodness , what 's going on here ? This is so weird , ' '' they added.Edmondson told ABC News and in a complaint to the New York State Department of Health that they thought they were going to get a tattoo , but then , as they said in our interview , they found out they and the other women were going to be branded . `` It was a horror movie , '' they said . `` It was the most inhumane , horrific way to treat anybody . But the most horrific thing is that it 's women doing it to women . `` Edmondson said each of the women would lie down naked and then was branded with a cauterizing device , without any anesthesia . When it was their turn , Edmondson said the pain felt `` worse than childbirth . `` NXIVM is a secretive self-help organization based in Albany that was founded by Keith Raniere and Nancy Salzman . It touts itself as a `` professional coaching company '' and its website says it offers `` Executive Success Programs , '' or `` ESP , '' in New York , California , Canada , Mexico and elsewhere.NXIVM hosts five-day and 16-day seminars it calls `` Intensives , '' which some former members said was like group therapy sessions that ran for as long as 14 hours a day for 16 days.Former members who spoke with ABC News said Raniere is very protective of their teachings and requires participants to sign confidentiality agreements . `` Everyone signed it , '' Edmondson said . `` And if you did n't sign it , you could n't take the curriculum . `` Edmondson is a wife and mother living in Vancouver with a successful career working in film , television and voiceover for 20 years , including starring in the TV series , `` Continuum , '' and doing the voiceover work for the cartoon series , `` My Little Pony . `` She said they signed up for their first five-day seminar in 2005 when they were 27 . `` I left my five-day , my initial training as if a veil had been lifted , '' they said . `` And I could see things more clearly in my life . `` After attending NXIVM seminars for more than a decade , Edmondson said they were approached about an opportunity to join a secret sorority . Then one night , Edmondson said they and four other women , one by one , submitted to being branded by a woman named Dr. Danielle Roberts . `` The [ first ] woman on the table screamed out in pain , twisted and turned and yelled , '' Edmondson said . `` And the woman I was with , holding their legs down , we looked at each other and we just wept . `` ABC News approached Dr. Roberts at a wellness expo in New York City for this report and they said they had no comment . An attorney for Dr. Roberts told ABC News these allegations are `` unfounded . `` In their complaint to New York State Department of Health , Edmondson said they were told the brand was a Latin symbol but then said they realized it included the letters `` K '' and `` R , '' which they took to be the initials for NXIVM founder Keith Raniere . `` I lost it when I figured that out , '' Edmondson said . `` I am not cattle . I 'm not owned by Keith . `` Raniere did not respond to ABC News ' requests for comment . In a letter posted on the NXIVM website , Raniere said , `` There is no merit to the allegations that we are abusing , coercing or harming individuals . '' Raniere said the secret sorority is `` not part of NXIVM and ... I am not associated with the group . '' The letter also said , `` Our experts ... say members of the sorority are thriving , healthy , happy , better off , and have n't been coerced . '' When ABC News requested comment from Nancy Salzman , they referred us to this letter .
Affiliate marketing has gradually gained momentum across all corners of the planet . Actually , you can even work from home by generating web traffic to a company 's website and earn money based on and that sales which are brought in . Best of all if you are trying to sell funnels , its one of the best ways to do it ! That 's why today I am writing about some of the very best affiliate marketing courses you can find in 2019 .
The journey to becoming the very best within this field requires a solid education program that will guide you on the dos and don'ts of this new trend . The education is aimed at giving you the basic knowledge that you will need as you navigate through the world of affiliate marketing .
Some marketers opt for the trial and error option , which is a shortcut towards becoming the very best in affiliate business .
However , research has shown that there are high chances of failure if you are not appropriately guided on the foundations that govern affiliate marketing . It is important to join credible affiliate training institutions where you will be privileged to meet experts within this field .
Also , you will be prepared with the necessary skills and tools that will help you dominate affiliate marketing . The education guides , tutorials , and e-books give good results to the trainees who are passionate about knowing the basics of affiliate marketing
Best Affiliate Marketing Courses You Can Buy
There is so much that you will learn from this affiliate marketing programs . While you require to part away with a modest fee to join them , they are certainly worth the cost . Below is an assembled list of the best affiliate marketing class that can effectively guide you on the quest towards becoming the best affiliate marketer .
Udemy Affiliate Marketing Training course
Udemy has extensive coverage with over 20 million students worldwide who take any of the 80,000 courses that they provide . As to affiliate marketing alone , they have about 253 affiliate market education courses . I know you may be wondering on how you can select the right class given that the site has numerous marketing-related programs . Here is a quick tip ; choose any training course that has a rating of 4.5 and above .
The class that has such ratings are those that are rated highly . However , that does n't mean that the other available class is bogus . Udemy has an elevated profile , and you can be sure that any affiliate marketing program that you will take with them will prepare you with the needed resources and skills .
Some of these courses have been narrowed down sub-topics that deal with Affiliate Marketing under Google Editor . Others have a broader viewpoint that gives a more comprehensive picture of affiliate marketing as well as what forms its core . The good thing about the programs that Udem provides is that they comprehensively cover affiliate marketing leaving no stones unturned .
Affiliate Marketing + SEO Strategy
For those who want to figure out how to sell Amazon products and make money off it , this course on 2019 Affiliate Marketing + SEO Strategy could be perfect for you . It 's a fast course that teaches how to construct an Amazon affiliate website , brushes you on the current SEO strategies however may not be enough if you are taking a look at an advanced curriculum .
Develop High-Quality Affiliate Websites
If you have an interest in discovering the procedure behind developing a WordPress website then you must look at Learn how to Build High-Quality Affiliate Websites . This will assist you not simply learn how to promote but also get you choosing to establish the WordPress site and after that promote relevant items .
Generating Stable and Recurring Income
This domain can work for individuals in 2 methods . One is to get sudden bursts of income by offering a specific item . The second part is selling a service that provides you repeating fees . This course on Affiliate Marketing Strategy for Stable and Recurring Income can be very useful if your goal is the latter . At 5.5 hours and 56 lectures , this is very extensive and useful for those looking at mastering this topic . Details are offered here .
Generating Instant Traffic to Affiliate Links
For a somewhat different take on the subject and finding out how to get targeted traffic onto your promoted links , you should have a look at Affiliate Marketing : Instant Traffic to Affiliate Links . A peek at the reviews will help you decide if this is the exact course you are searching for . In some cases the right approach is what is required to make a campaign work , this one might simply work for you . You can see more information here .
ClickBank 's Affiliate Marketing Program
ClickBank is the developer of Affiliate Marketing Without a Website Program , which revolves about how to become successful in this online marketing business .
The course provides detailed information about affiliate marketing as well as what to prevent so that you achieve maximum success . Part of the curriculum involves viewing a 3-hour video made by KC Tan , a prolific affiliate marketing professional . In the online video , they reveal all their techniques on how they went about in being a master in affiliate marketing .
So far , the program has enrolled about 20,000 trainees who have given some very inviting reviews ; an indication that the program has achieved a favorable outcome .
The class will also enable you to learn on marketing products on Facebook with a low budget and how to choose high-quality items , which are profitable to promote .
Also , you will be privileged to learn tricks such as using keywords that act as click baits leading to higher sales . By the end of the education course , graduates are expected to create a squeeze page that has no website and start money making a campaign that is funded by ClickBank .
Quora Affiliate Sales Program
This plan was made by Theo McArthur , an online marketing professional who has been in the business for over 15 years . After carrying out this class , you will be able to properly promote affiliate offers in Quora leading to an increase in sales and income .
You 'll learn how to develop content that will bring in visitor traffic and triple your income with the same amount of work .
This is reached by building a loyal client base that will as stop at nothing less than getting their demands served . This course will illuminate you on the common mistakes that are typically made by affiliate marketing professionals and how to prevent them .
Adam Bosch 's Affiliate Marketing Training course
This course entails a 4-hour affiliate training video that was made by Adam Bosch , an exceptional online marketing professional who has worked in the field for over seven years . Throughout the video , you will find tricks and approaches that are applied in affiliate marketing on different online platforms .
The program gives a combined overview of how to be a pro online marketing expert in Amazon and CPA platforms . You will also learn the SEO ( Search Engine Optimization ) techniques to use so that you can produce organized visitor traffic that will boost your purchases and income .
Wealthy Affiliate Program
This is the most popular and higher rated training course because it provides a step-by-step standard on affiliate marketing . It is the best site for novices who have little understanding in digital marketing .
You 'll require to sign up with them to be given a free account that includes some fundamental understanding of the basics required in online marketing . For detailed information , you need to upgrade to a premium profile that is defined by live events , research features , and a wide range of class from level 2-5 series .
Affilorama Affiliate Marketing Training Course
This is the largest affiliate marketing system , which can be a perfect starting point for newbies . The program provides education lessons of all different levels based on your membership status . Those with free membership only get access to education online videos and blog content whereas premium members get three bundles with advanced affiliate marketing secret-revealing online videos .
The affiliate courses mentioned above may be of good use to any online marketing expert . Affiliate Marketing is an art that requires to be mastered to ensure that you become successful . The same as any other business , affiliate marketing thrives on hard work .
Former Arizona Gov . Jan Brewer ( R ) endorsed Donald Trump for president , citing their positions on immigration , the Trump campaign announced on Saturday .
“ For years I pleaded with the federal government to do their job and secure our border . Today , we can elect a President who will do just that – Donald J. Trump . Mr. Trump will secure our borders , defend our workers and protect our sovereignty , ” Brewer said in a statement released by the Trump campaign . “ Mr . Trump will stand for our law enforcement , our police and our immigration officers . Mr. Trump will actually enforce the rule of law . ”
In their statement , Brewer said that illegal immigration has hurt Arizona .
“ Arizona 's unsecured border is the gateway of illegal immigration into the United States and the politicians in Washington D.C. have continually failed to secure our border . As I 've always said : A nation without borders is like a house without walls – it collapses . As Arizona 's Governor , I witnessed too much heartache , loss and suffering caused by illegal immigration , ” they said in the statement . “ I 've seen communities destroyed by the drugs , gangs , drop houses and cartels . The cost of health care , education and incarceration for illegal immigrants places a crushing burden on taxpayers . Workers of all backgrounds are deprived of jobs and income from our open , bleeding border . ”
This is not the first time Brewer has expressed support for Trump . In a July interview , Brewer said that Trump was “ telling it like it really , truly is . ”
Airstrike Kills ISIS Leader Directly Linked To Paris Attackers
Enlarge this image toggle caption Osama Sami/AP Osama Sami/AP
A U.S. official said coalition airstrikes in Iraq and Syria have killed 10 ISIS leaders over the past month , including two militants with links to the terrorists behind the November attacks in Paris .
U.S. Army Col. Steve Warren , a spokesperson for the the coalition fighting ISIS , said an airstrike in Syria killed Charaffe al Mouadan , a Syrian-based ISIS member who was directly linked to Abdelhamid Abaaoud , the alleged mastermind of the Nov. 13 attacks in Paris that killed 130 people .
Mouadan was actively planning attacks against the West , Warren said during a Pentagon briefing Tuesday .
Warren 's list of the 10 ISIS militants killed is here :
On Dec. 27 , Tashin al-Hayali , an external operations facilitator , was killed near Mosul , Iraq .
On Dec. 26 , Abdel Kader Hakim , another ISIL external operations facilitator , was killed in Mosul , Iraq . Hakim was a veteran fighter and forgery specialist who had links to the Paris attack network . They were part of ISIL 's external operations group who enabled attacks against Western targets . Their death removes an important facilitator with many connections in Europe .
On Dec. 24 , Charaffe al Mouadan , a Syrian-based ISIL member with a direct link to Abdel Hamid Abaaoud , the Paris attack cell leader , was killed . Al Mouadan was actively planning additional attacks against the west .
Dec. 12 , Akram Muhammad Sa'ad Faris aka Akram Aabu , an ISIL commander and executioner , was killed near their base of operations in Tal Afar , Iraq .
On Dec. 10 , a Syria-based Bangladeshi , Siful Haque Sujan , was killed near Raqqah , Syria . Sujan was an external operations planner who was educated as a computer systems engineer in the United Kingdom . They supported ISIL 's hacking efforts , anti-surveillance technology and weapons development . Now that he 's dead , ISIL has lost a key link between networks .
Also on Dec. 9 , the coalition killed Mithaq Najim , ISIL 's deputy emir in Kirkuk Province , near Hawijah , Iraq . Najim 's removal disrupts ISIL 's ability to train , command and maintain fighters in Kirkuk Province .
On Dec. 9 , the coalition killed Yunis Khalash , aka Abu Jawdat , ISIL 's deputy financial emir in Mosul . Their death will burden senior cadre to find a technically skilled and trustworthy replacement .
Dec. 8 , Abu Anas , an ISIL IED cell facilitator , was killed near Kirkuk , Iraq . Their death will disrupt ISIL 's ability to conduct IED attacks near Kirkuk .
On Dec. 7 , Khalil Ahmad Ali al-Wais , aka Abu Wadhah , the ISIL Amir of Kirkuk Province was killed near Hawijah , Iraq . Abu Wadhad had a long history of terrorist activities against U.S. and Iraqi forces .
On Dec. 7 , Rawand Dilsher Taher , an external operations facilitator , was killed near Raqqah , Syria . Taher was a trusted ISIL member who assisted with command and control as well as the handling and transferring of money and equipment .
In addition to U.S.-led coalition airstrikes , the fight against ISIS is taking place on the ground . Iraqi troops have retaken much of the city of Ramadi from ISIS , as The Two-Way has reported . Although the militants have been pushed out of some cities and towns in both Syria and Iraq , ISIS remains in control of key areas . In Iraq , for example , the group still controls the cities of Mosul and Fallujah .
One of the stars of “ Star Trek : Discovery ” has promoted the show 's premiere week by calling pro-Trump viewers “ trolls ” and “ closeted humans . ”
British actor Jason Isaacs plays Capt . Gabriel Lorca on CBS ' latest installment of the “ Star Trek ” franchise , but their political activism had them arguing with potential fans since its Sept. 24 broadcast . “ Trekkies ” who protested when they called President Trump “ Little Hand Man ” and voiced support for national anthem protests were mocked and ridiculed .
“ Keep wanting to engage trolls , but click their profiles to see endless white isolationist hate-spew . Maybe they follow me as closeted humans , ” Mr. Isaacs wrote Tuesday . “ Please feel free to binge the finest hours of Hollywood 's illiberals for fun . A Chuck Norris/Kid Rock marathon anyone ? Lobotomy ? ”
The actor 's message came after three days of anti-Trump insults . They claimed the White House is run exclusively by “ straight white males ” and said Mr. Trump suffers from “ infantile sewage flowing from their rectum of a mouth . ”
“ So you decide to interject & insult 1/2 your fan base ? ” asked a Twitter user identified as Lady Pede Sally Jupiter .
“ @ jasonsfolly Wow , you disappoint me , ” Carole McCabe-Joy responded Monday . “ Always enjoyed your acting … just to find out you are another # HollywoodLiberal . ”
Another viewer said they would call for a boycott if they were n't already convinced the show would fail .
Mr. Isaacs ‘ comments come just weeks after show producer Aaron Harberts told Entertainment Weekly that “ Star Trek : Discovery ” was directly influenced by Mr. Trump 's 2016 election victory .
“ The allegory is that we really started working on the show in earnest around the time the election was happening , ” Mr. Harberts said Sept. 7 . “ The Klingons are going to help us really look at certain sides of ourselves and our country . Isolationism is a big theme . Racial purity is a big theme . The Klingons are not the enemy , but they do have a different view on things . It raises big questions : Should we let people in ? Do we want to change ? ”
New episodes of “ Star Trek : Discovery ” air Sundays 8:30 p.m. EDT on CBS All Access .
Please feel free to binge the finest hours of Hollywood 's illiberals for fun . A Chuck Norris/Kid Rock marathon anyone ? Lobotomy ? https : //t.co/Cs4KahtHt1 — Jason Isaacs ( @ jasonsfolly ) September 26 , 2017
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama 's State of the Union speech to Congress could indicate how badly they want a global warming bill , which opponents say will cost U.S. jobs and raise prices — a scary prospect for politicians trying to ride out a horrible economy in an election year .
The Valero St. Charles oil refinery is seen during a tour of the refinery in Norco , Louisiana August 15 , 2008 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Obama , who played a dramatic role in negotiating a nonbinding international climate change accord last month in Copenhagen , now faces a tough economic and environmental balancing act to win the climate change legislation in 2010 .
Administration officials insist it can be done despite the political difficulties in an election year . “ President Obama and this administration ... expect that a comprehensive energy bill , which includes a climate portion , to be passed this year , ” Energy Secretary Steven Chu told reporters Wednesday .
For that to happen , Obama must put a “ job-creation focus ” on the bill to build a U.S. economy that would run more on alternative energy than dirty-burning coal and oil , said Daniel Weiss of the Center for American Progress . “ The more specifics the better ” in the State of the Union speech , Weiss added .
On Friday , Obama announced new tax credits to encourage investments in clean energy development that they said would help combat climate change and create jobs .
“ This initiative is good for middle-class families . It is good for our security . It is good for our planet , ” Obama said .
A House-passed bill is floundering in the Senate , where Obama has to convince 60 of 100 members to back a bill .
In one area — government incentives for expanding nuclear power — Senate sources said progress has been made in closed-door talks in search of a “ sweet spot ” for a compromise on the legislation that they hope to pass in coming months .
Even so , Senate backers and environmentalists off Capitol Hill say they are uncertain of climate change victory in 2010 .
Difficult negotiations are expected between senators who want to require industries to cut their carbon emissions and those who see a climate bill as a vehicle for also helping domestic producers of nuclear power and oil and natural gas .
And , many Republicans are working hard to cast doubt on claims the climate change bill will create jobs .
Within the next few weeks , Senator Lisa Murkowski could force a Senate vote to stop the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating carbon emissions as a fallback if more comprehensive climate legislation is not enacted .
“ This is a vote about the economy , not about the climate — whether these regulations will harm the economy , ” said a Senate Republican aide .
If Murkowski , whose state of Alaska is a major oil and gas producer , manages to get a strong vote , even if less than needed to pass their measure , some undecided Republicans and Democrats could have second thoughts about voting later this year on a more comprehensive climate bill .
SENATORS SEEKING COMPROMISE
Despite all the hurdles , a bipartisan group of senators is forging ahead on a bill to cut carbon emissions by utilities , refineries and factories over the next four decades by 17 percent from 2005 levels .
Senator John Kerry , who is leading the effort , expects to be recovered from surgery and back in Washington when the Senate reconvenes on January 20 , to huddle with independent Senator Joe Lieberman and Republican Senator Lindsey Graham , according to a spokesperson . The two are key to winning support from moderates and conservatives .
One Senate staffer said 17 pro-nuclear senators have had input into what could become a major provision of the bill aimed at luring Republican votes . “ That part ( nuclear power ) ironically is in fairly good shape at this point . ”
While nuclear power plants do not emit the greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming , the industry has been weighed down by prohibitively high construction costs and controversy over nuclear waste storage .
Expanding domestic oil and gas drilling is another important goal for Republicans and that component of a climate bill is “ still 100 percent in flux , ” said the Senate source .
While producing more oil and gas here will do nothing to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , it would reduce dependence on foreign oil and potentially lure Republican votes .
On the sidelines of the U.N. climate meeting in Copenhagen , Kerry left open the possibility that the core of the climate bill could be scrapped . That is the “ cap and trade ” system for reducing carbon emissions through ever-dwindling pollution permits that could be traded on a new exchange .
A carbon tax and a “ cap ” without the “ trade ” component are among possibilities . But for now , Kerry , Lieberman and Graham are sticking with cap and trade , aiming to quell nervousness over the scheme by including tougher market controls .
Beer and bikes , you can have one without the other ... but It 's just not as much fun !
Adam , Mike , and Dylan
We 've been open as Crank Arm Rickshaw for about 2 years now with the intention and dream of opening Crank Arm Brewing company for even longer . Each of the founders , Mike Morris , Adam Eckhardt , and Dylan Selinger are truly passionate about beer , cycling , and our community here in Raleigh NC . Crank Arm Brewing Company is our vision to be a strong contributor to the place and the idea we each call home . We sure could use your help and we hope you will join us as we humbly progress toward our opening and invite you to be a part of the project !
Founders Club Mug
The purpose of this Kickstarter campaign is to help supplement the equipment we need to be able to produce and deliver the best beer to you AND to produce some original and extremely cool art inside our tasting room for you to enjoy ! These items include a keg washing/cleaning machine , kegs , grain mill , wheel wall and bicycle frame sculpture , bar top renovation , and a specially designed rickshaw delivery bike to bring the goods to your door : ) We plan to open in the next 2 to 3 months and these funds will provide for a GRAND opening , not just an opening . It 's hard to express exactly how much we appreciate all the support we have received so far and we cant wait to start brewing and returning the favor ! Join us
Mike Morris : Moving our brewing system
Some background on Crank Arm :
Crank Arm Brewing Company is an expansion of the Downtown Raleigh based rickshaw company , Crank Arm Rickshaw . Our brewery will utilize a 7-barrel system and will be opening Spring 2013 in the Warehouse District at 319 West Davie Street , Raleigh , NC . The brewery 's mission is to provide fresh artisan beer in a laid-back place for people to meet , enjoy life , and taste one-of-a-kind brews . Founders Adam Eckhardt , a veteran salesperson , has 6 years home brewing experience , and is the Founder of Crank Arm Rickshaw Company . Michael Morris , 4-time Great American Beer Festival ( GABF ) winner and veteran brewmaster , has been brewing scrumptious beer for 14 years at several well-known breweries in the Raleigh area , including Capitol Brewing Company , Big Boss Brewing Company , and Natty Greene 's . Dylan Selinger is Manager/Rickshaw Driver for Crank Arm Rickshaw , and has been driving rickshaws in downtown Raleigh for over 5 years .
The Brewery - Pre Renovations
We chose the Warehouse District because of it 's central location , and because it is the fastest growing district in downtown . Our brewery is going to be a destination hub , amidst restaurants , galleries , and shops , for people to come together over exciting new hand-crafted brews . The brewery 's mission is to provide extremely fresh artisan beer while incorporating green transportation methods via rickshaw or waste veggie-oil powered truck in order to minimize the company 's impact on the planet .
Vegetable Oil Powered F350
Crank Arm will house a bar , for beer enthusiasts who want to sit down and enjoy their beer on-site . The brewery will also have a rolling street team of rickshaws to take people on tours of the City , as well as deliver beer to individuals , restaurants , and bars in downtown Raleigh . We 're dedicated to cycling as a lifestyle and will have bike racks , pumps , and tools on-hand . Local deliveries will be made with rickshaws and a “ greasel ” F-350 , which runs off waste vegetable oil . There will be two flagship beers on tap at all times , Rickshaw Rye , a Rye India Pale Ale ; and White Wall Wit , an American Wit . There will be 4 seasonal brews rotating at all times in order to provide a new and delicious experience for beer enthusiasts . We brew what tastes good , we 're not held down by specific beer styles .
SAN FRANCISCO -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- The burger that generates lines around the block is available for home delivery .
Starting Tuesday , meat lovers in Los Angeles can get the award-winning Impossible Burger delivered to their homes , thanks to a new partnership between Postmates and Impossible Foods .
Postmates ' customers in Los Angeles will be able to order the Impossible Burger and get it in about 30 minutes or less . Postmates is the only on-demand service offering free delivery of Impossible Burgers throughout the Thanksgiving holiday .
Angelenos can order the plant-based Impossible Burger from Fatburger , one of America 's leading restaurant groups and progenitor of the global “ better burger ” trend . After the Los Angeles pilot , the Impossible Burger and Postmates ' delivery partnership will roll out to other restaurant partners and locations .
In addition , Postmates will offer free delivery where Postmates ' service is available to people who sample the Impossible Burger during the Impossible Burger Tour , a coast-to-coast road trip to introduce the burger to as many people as possible . To discover where the tour is headed , follow Impossible Foods on social media .
To order the Impossible Burger , visit Postmates.com or download the Postmates app on iOS or Android .
Postmates and Impossible Foods : Delivering sustainability
“ When the Impossible Burger debuted last year , people literally stood in line to try it -- and the Impossible Burger is still selling out and a top menu item nearly everywhere it 's served , ” said Impossible Foods ' Chief Operations Officer and Chief Financial Officer David Lee , who oversees sales . “ We 're thrilled to partner with Postmates so people can get the Impossible Burger at home -- and they can do it from an on-demand platform that 's committed to sustainability . ”
Postmates -- the only on-demand platform that can deliver anything from anywhere -- launched a first-of-its-kind zero-emissions fleet initiative earlier this year . It 's the first on-demand delivery app to deploy a mix of electric scooters and bikes for its delivery fleet coast to coast . The program makes deliveries more cost-effective and efficient , advancing Postmates ' commitment to sustainable cities and reducing the company 's environmental footprint .
“ Our customers have been asking for the Impossible Burger by name , and we are excited to help bring the phenomenon that is taking the world by storm to even more people , ” said Abby Lunardini , Postmates ' Senior Vice President for Brand Marketing & Communications .
“ Postmates is committed to reducing our own footprint , so it 's natural to partner with Impossible Foods , a company changing how we think about food and its environmental impact . ”
Impossible Burger : More than 250 restaurants from coast to coast
Launched in 2016 in a handful of top restaurants in New York and California , the Impossible Burger is becoming one of the hottest menu items from Portland , Maine , to Portland , Oregon -- and hundreds of points in between . The Impossible Burger is one of the top selling menu items nearly everywhere it 's sold .
The Impossible Burger is the only plant-based burger that 's featured in America 's most beloved “ better burger ” concepts Bareburger , Umami Burger , Hopdoddy , The Counter , Fatburger , Gott 's and B Spot , owned by Chef Michael Symon .
The Impossible Burger is now served in more than 250 restaurants in at least 18 states -- and in many restaurants and chains , it 's outselling conventional burgers from cows . Click here for a full list of restaurants serving the Impossible Burger . If you 're a restaurateur and want to order the Impossible Burger for your establishment , send an email to hello @ impossiblefoods.com .
Big taste , small footprint
In development since 2011 , the Impossible Burger cooks , smells and tastes like ground beef from cows -- but is made entirely from plants . The Impossible Burger , which debuted in July 2016 at Chef David Chang 's Momofuku Nishi in Manhattan , won a 2017 Tasty Award for best food startup .
The Impossible Burger is produced without hormones , antibiotics , cholesterol or artificial flavors . It uses about 75 % less water , generates about 87 % fewer greenhouse gases , and requires around 95 % less land than conventional ground beef from cows .
The Impossible Burger is made from simple ingredients , including water , wheat protein , coconut oil and potato protein . Impossible Burger 's nutritional profile is similar to beef , delivering as much protein and iron as beef . One special ingredient -- heme -- contributes to the characteristic taste of meat and catalyzes flavors just like when meat is cooked . Impossible Foods discovered how to get heme from plants , transforming the Impossible Burger into a carnivore 's delight that 's light on the planet .
Impossible Foods launched production in September at its first large-scale manufacturing plant , in Oakland , Calif. As the Oakland plant ramps up over the next several quarters , Impossible Foods expects to expand distribution to even more restaurants . To learn more about Impossible Foods ' plant in Oakland , watch this video .
ABOUT IMPOSSIBLE FOODS :
Based in Redwood City , Calif. , Impossible Foods makes delicious , nutritious meat and dairy products directly from plants -- with a much smaller environmental footprint than meat from animals . The privately held company was founded in 2011 by Patrick O . Brown , M.D. , Ph.D. , formerly a biochemistry professor and Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator at Stanford University . Investors include Khosla Ventures , Bill Gates , Google Ventures , Horizons Ventures , UBS , Viking Global Investors , Temasek and Open Philanthropy Project .
ABOUT POSTMATES :
Postmates helps people unlock the best of their cities – and their lives , with an insanely reliable on-demand `` everything '' network . Postmates has the largest on-demand delivery fleet in the U.S. of more than 100,000 Postmates , who operate in more than 250 cities and provide access to over 250,000 merchants . Postmates is the largest on-demand delivery app in Los Angeles -- the biggest consumer market in the U.S . The business now completes 2.5 million deliveries a month and is on track to sell $ 1 Billion in goods on the platform in 2017 . While some companies try to build a warehouse outside of a city and funnel goods into it , Postmates believes that our cities , our towns and our communities are our warehouses . Postmates is helping transform the way food and merchandise move around cities – by connecting the city to customers , while helping local brick and mortar businesses better compete against retail goliaths .
Headquartered in San Francisco , with 550 employees , Postmates is building a movement . Have chips but no guac ? Postmate it . Your date night ? Postmate it . Game day ? Postmate it . Run out of caffeine ? Postmate it . Impossible Burger ? Postmate it . Learn more : http : //www.postmates.com .
More information :
impossiblefoods.com
www.twitter.com/impossiblefoods
www.facebook.com/impossiblefoods
Press kit :
https : //impossiblefoods.app.box.com/v/presskit
Every year , my husband Lulu plants an incredible amount of all sorts of chiles . My parents-in-law loves extremely spicy food . Before I got married , I hated spicy food . To be honest , I could barely handle a dash of black pepper , let alone a jalapeno or heaven forbid a habanero . I guess marrying into an Indian family helped my taste buds . I 've gotten better . I 'm learning .
It contains the bare minimum ingredients : something sweet , something savory and of course a ton of spiciness . This blend has a delicious garlic flavor .
As promised , this is the recipe of tướng ớt , literally spicy dipping sauce in Vietnamese . It 's ultra easy . This sauce is great for dipping and stir-frying . The last time I used this condiment was for my father-in-law 's favorite Asian dish , green beans and tofu stir fry .
Ingredients
Yields : 1 jar
15 whole fresh red chili peppers
1 tsp grey salt
8 tsp garlic , finely chopped
1 1/2 Tbs sugar cane
3 Tbs rice vinegar
1 tsp corn starch
2 Tbs water
Directions
Pick fully ripened extremely red in color chilis . Wash them . Pat dry them with a paper towel . Remove all stems then roughly slice all the chiles . Blend the chili peppers , salt , garlic , sugar and vinegar in a mini-prep with about 10 pulses . Dissolve the cornstarch in water . Transfer the chili mixture into a saucepan and bring to a a boil . Add the cornstarch liquid . Lower the heat to simmer for about 5-6 minutes . Stir constantly to make sure the cornstarch is properly absorbed . Place the cooked mixture in a small jar . Let it cool down to room temperature . Store in the refrigerator .
Tips
You can use any other kind of vinegar and also use regular white sugar . I just find that sugar cane brings extra flavor .
You know the saying : you eat with our eyes first . It 's important that you pick only fully ripened chiles to give a very appetizing bright red color . If your color is n't bright enough , you can cheat by adding a red bell pepper . But the result will be less spicy .
I use habanero peppers for this recipe . The habanero is the spiciest peppers in the world . If you 're afraid that it will be too spicy , you can find another red pepper that is more appropriate to your heat tolerance .
Both photographs were taken last October . My husband grew a variety of chiles . Those pictured are habaneros in the black ( in red ) and in the foregroung there are sun-dried scotch bonnets ( in yellow ) . We just bought those cool Jiffy greenhouses and have planted our seeds for next season .
Jacqueline Pham
January 29 , 2009
on
the assassin 's creed and portal crossover continues ! after meeting and saving each other 's life , ezio brings chell to the assassin 's hideout in the catacombs . to show their gratitude , ezio presents chell with some new threads , the better to blend into the crowds of renaissances italy . whats more , they commission leonardo davinci to modify chell 's portal gun . ( FYI , i imagine the portal gun to be quite modular ; able to easily beak into its basic components , to make it easier for technicians to repair . its all a matter of distributing the modules along chell 's arm and around their body . also , i imagine the casing to be very durable , considering the amount of punishment it takes during testing . lastly , i realize the portal gun is next to useless outside aperture since surfaces are n't covered in moon dust . so just go with me here . ) needless to say , its in widescreen for your wallpaper needs.there WILL be a part 3 ... pencils only version : [ link ] PART 1 : [ link ]
All modern Macs running macOS or Mac OS X come with SSH pre-installed by default , but the SSH ( Secure Shell ) daemon is also disabled by default . Advanced Mac users may appreciate knowing the ability to enable SSH and disable SSH are both available entirely from the command line of macOS , allowing for a simple way to allow or disallow remote connections into a computer . There 's no kext loading , downloads , or compiling necessary , to turn on SSH from the Terminal on any Mac you simply have to execute a system setup command , as we 'll show in this tutorial .
A quick side note ; this guide applies to all versions of macOS and Mac OS X , but is really aimed at more advanced users who spend a lot of time in the Terminal . If you want to toggle SSH off and on and avoid the command line , you can do so by enabling Remote Login in the Sharing preference panel on a Mac , or stop the server by leaving it unchecked . If you do not regularly use ssh , there is no reason to enable the ssh server on a Mac .
How to Check if SSH Remote Login is Enabled in macOS via Terminal
Want to check the current status of SSH on a Mac ? Using the systemsetup command string we can quickly determine if SSH and Remote Login is currently enabled on any Mac :
sudo systemsetup -getremotelogin
If remote login and SSH is currently enabled , the command and report will say “ Remote Login : On ” whereas if SSH is disabled and in the default macOS state , it will say “ Remote Login : Off ” .
Enable SSH on Mac from the Command Line with systemsetup
To quickly turn on SSH server and allow incoming ssh connections to the current Mac , use the -setremotelogin flag with systemsetup like so :
sudo systemsetup -setremotelogin on
sudo is necessary because the systemsetup command requires administrator privileges , just like when you enable Remote Login from the Sharing preferences on a Mac to enable the secure shell servers .
There is no confirmation or message that Remote Login and SSH has been enabled , but you can use the asupervisorstioned -getmorelogin flag to check and verify that SSH server is indeed now running . And yes , using -setremotelogin applies to enabling both ssh and sftp servers on the Mac .
Once ssh has been enabled , any user account or person who has a login on the current Mac can access it remotely using the ssh command aimed at the Macs IP address like so :
ssh osxdaily @ 192.168.1.115
Once connected , the user will have remote access to the computer via the command line , and if they have an admin account or admin password , they would have full remote administration access as well .
Turn Off SSH on macOS with systemsetup
If you want to disable SSH servers from the command line and thereby prevent remote connections , simply switch ‘ on ' to ‘ off ' with the -setremotelogin flag of systemsetup like so :
sudo systemsetup -setremotelogin off
Again , sudo is necessary to toggle SSH off and disable the ssh and sftp servers .
When you successfully execute the command , you will be asked : “ Do you really want to turn remote login off ? If you do , you will lose this connection and can only turn it back on locally at the server ( yes/no ) ? ” so type “ yes ” to confirm , which will disable SSH and also disconnect any active SSH connections to the Mac in question . If you want to avoid having to type yes/no , perhaps for inclusion in a setup script or otherwise , you can use the -f flag to circumvent the question like so :
sudo systemsetup -f -setremotelogin off
Similarly , you can also use -f to skip any prompts in regards to enabling SSH as well .
systemsetup -f -setremotelogin on
Do note that whether you turn SSH off or enable SSH from the command line , the Remote Login system preference panel setting in Mac OS X GUI will be adjusted to reflect the change accordingly as well .
Advertisement As ODs spike , Brockton plans expanded resources for addicts By Benjamin Paulin , The Enterprise Share Copy Link Copy
The calls came from the bathroom of a barbershop , inside a Dunkin ' Donuts and on a MBTA commuter rail train.Reports of dozens of people unconscious , not breathing and turning blue . First responders frantically rushing to locations throughout the city to revive them.The Enterprise said n a span of three days - between Wednesday and Friday - Brockton police , firefighters and EMTs responded to 35 overdoses.The city typically sees about 3 overdoses in a day.Mayor Bill Carpenter said it was a miracle that none of the 35 overdoses were fatal thanks largely to the overdose-reversing drug naloxone , or narcan.He announced this week a plan , called the Champion plan , similar to a program in Gloucester , which they are hopeful will see more addicts getting the treatment they so desperately need.On Saturday , Carpenter was getting hourly updates from the fire department on the situation , which they called a public health crisis.A potent batch of heroin , the powerful painkiller fentanyl or a mixture of the two is believed to be what is causing the spike in overdoses. “ We 're following it as closely as we can . Straining our resources . I think it 's a miracle that we have n't lost a life yet , ” Carpenter said.The Champion plan will be in place by mid-to-late February and is aimed at expanding resources for addicts rather than putting them behind bars . A plan similar to the groundbreaking approach put in place by the Gloucester Police Department last year.The city is partnering with local hospitals , treatment centers , doctors and non-profit organizations. “ It 's based on the premise that if someone reaches out for help , they do n't get arrested . Instead they get help to get into treatment , ” Carpenter said. “ We 're incorporating some elements of the Gloucester plan , but we 're also doing some other things that are not on the Gloucester plan and trying to be more proactive , do more outreach , have more points of entry and be able to help more people. ” Addicts who go to the Brockton police and fire departments seeking help will not face legal repercussions but will be aided in getting into a treatment facility.Carpenter said including the city 's fire departments as so-called safe havens could quell the fears some might have of going to a police station. “ Instead of just walking into the police station , you 'll be able to walk into a police or fire station . That 's seven places in the city that somebody could walk into instead of one , ” Carpenter said . “ We think for some folks that may be struggling with addiction , that may have had some past interaction with the criminal justice system or the police , they may feel more comfortable walking into a fire station. ” Another part of the plan is to bypass sending people to hospital emergency rooms and send them directly to treatment facilities. “ One of the problems right now is it 's driving more people to the emergency room that 's already bursting at the seems , ” Carpenter said . “ The most common outcome when someone gets brought to the emergency room is that an hour or two later they walk out with nothing positive happening. ” One or two of the safe havens in the city will have a paramedic on hand to perform a medical evaluation to determine if a person is in need of emergency care. “ So the paramedic will make a determination right up front as to whether this person is medically at risk right now . If they are , the ambulance is going to the emergency room . But we believe that 8 or 9 out of 10 people seeking treatment are not medically at risk right at that moment . So if they 're not we can keep them out of the emergency room and get them into a save haven , ” Carpenter said.In addition , the city is seeking volunteers to serve as “ angels ” who will assist addicts with the in between time from when they seek help and get to a care center. “ That could be a few hours or that could be a day and a half , ” Carpenter said . “ We are right now recruiting for volunteers to be on the list of angels that could be called to help someone. ” In trying to use as many resources at their disposal , the city has also worked out an arrangement with the Brockton VA Medical Center.The VA hospital has an overnight treatment facility for mental health and substance abuse with 123 beds.As part of the Champion plan , each person seeking help will be asked if they served in the military . If they are eligible for VA care they will be sent to their facility , freeing up a bed at another local treatment center , Carpenter said.Dr . Joseph Shrand worries that the spike in overdoses may see even more before things die down as addicts tend to seek out a stronger high.Shrand is the medical director of CASTLE ( Clean and Sober Teens Living Empowered ) , part of the High Point Treatment Center in Brockton. “ The scary part of course is there are some people that say ‘ There 's a strong batch of heroin out there , I want to try it , ' ” Shrand said . “ That 's an important thing for law enforcement people to know and families to know. ” Many addicts get to a point in their addiction where they use not to get high , but to avoid getting sick from withdrawal symptoms , Shrand said. “ Thank God we have so many people who know how to use Narcan , ” Shrand said . “ That is really encouraging is that folks are now educated . ”
Two More WTC Workers Come Forward , One Seriously Burned And The Other Hurt While Trapped In Basement Elevator , Both Claiming Massive Explosion Took Place In Lower Levels Of North Tower On 9/11
The two men 's eye-witness testimony , never before released in America , aired as part of a Spanish 2002 television 9/11 documentary in Colombia ; Total of four eye-witnesses have now surfaced , all claiming a bomb exploded in the basement of the north tower just prior to airplane strike 90 floors above . Although testimony is in the public eye , it has been completely ignored by 9/11 Commission and mainstream media.in what looks like a government cover-up aided by a media blackout .
By Greg Szymanski prefix = o ns = `` urn : schemas-microsoft-com : office : office '' /
Two more WTC workers have come forward with eye-witness testimony that a huge explosion ripped apart the lower levels of the north tower at about the same time a jetliner rammed into the top floors .
The pair not only reported hearing an underground blast , but were both injured , one suffering severe burns to the face , arms and hands and the other cuts and bruises after being trapped in a stalled basement elevator .
Burn victim , Felipe David , employed by Aramark Co. and Salvatore Giambanco , a WTC office painter trapped in a basement elevator , were both unavailable for comment , but made their explosive testimony - never before released in prefix = st1 ns = `` urn : schemas-microsoft-com : office : smarttags '' / America - to a Colombian television station in 2002 on the first anniversary of 9/11 .
Their comments eventually aired in Colombia in Spanish on the Red Continental De Noticias ( RNC ) as a part of an in depth 9/11 documentary after the foreign station spent a month in New York in 2002 shooting the project .
A copy of the original interview tapes with RCN reporter Claudia Gurisatti questioning the WTC workers was made available this week by WTC maintenance worker William Rodriguez , the first eye-witness to go public about the north tower basement explosions .
Recently , Rodriguez , declared a national hero for helping save numerous lives on the morning of 9/11 , including David and Giambanco , said they heard a massive basement explosion seconds before the jetliner struck the top floors when he , along with 14 other co-workers , were huddled in a sub-level 1 office .
Besides the trio , the taped statements of Jose Sanchez , another WTC maintenance worker , recently came forward , saying they heard an underground explosion at the same time the others reported it while working in a small sub-level 4 workshops .
`` What really upsets me is that we have all these people coming forward with credible testimony about explosions and we have been completely ignored by the 9/11 Commission and the major media , '' said Rodriguez in a telephone conversation from their New Jersey apartment about what they call an obvious media and government blackout on any information contrary to the official story that only jet fuel brought down the towers , a theory adopted by the 9/11 Commission .
`` They concluded jet fuel brought down the towers without even considering the testimony of people like David , Giambanco and Sanchez . Why would they do that unless they are covering up something ?
`` And , concerning the American press , they have locked their doors on all of us , never allowing our stories to surface or even trying to investigate why the 9/11 Commission did n't bother to include out statements in the final report . Here we have a Colombian station in 2002 doing their work and three years later our story only has appeared in South America in Spanish . What does that tell you ? ''
In the 2002 Colombian television taped interviews where Rodriguez also adds their 9/11 account , both David and Giambanco , located in different basement locations , tell gut-wrenching and heartbreaking stories of survival from what they both thought to be from a massive underground explosion , not an airplane strike 90 floors above .
David 's Story
Standing in front of a freight elevator on sub level 1 near the office where Rodriguez and 14 others were huddled together when the explosion erupted below , David said in the taped interview :
`` That day I was in the basement in sub-level 1 sometime after 8:30am . Everything happened so fast , everything moved so fast . The building started shaking after I heard the explosion below , dust was flying everywhere and all of a sudden it got real hot .
`` I threw myself onto the floor , covered my face because I felt like I was burned . I sat there for a couple of seconds on the floor and felt like I was going to die , saying to myself 'God , please give me strength . ' ''
Although severely burned on their face , arms and hands with skin hanging from their body like pieces of cloth , David picked themselves up , running for help to the office were Rodriguez and others were gathered .
`` When I went in , I told them it was an explosion , '' said David , who was then helped out of the WTC by Rodriguez and eventually taken by ambulance to New York Hospital . `` When people looked at me with my skin hanging , they started crying but I heard others say 'OK , good , good , you made it alive . ''
Giambanco 's Story
At the same time David , Rodriguez and the others heard the basement explosion , Giambanco was in a completely different location on the opposite side of sub level 1 by another elevator .
In the taped interview , Giambanco told Gurisatti , the Colombian reporter :
`` We heard the explosion and the smoke all of a sudden came from all over . There was an incredible force of wind that also swept everything away . I remember hearing a scream of a woman , but I could n't see them I had just gotten off the elevator and I was standing by it with another man but did n't know theirs name .
`` The doors of the elevator were still open and , I do n't know why we did , but we both jumped back in maybe because of the wind whipping everything around in the hallway . `` Then , suddenly , the elevator doors closed in front of us and we started going down . It all of a sudden stopped and I could see through the cracks we were between B-2 and B-3 . We were both screaming and afraid . I remember seeing through the slot of the elevator and seeing other people running and screaming .
`` Then water started gushing in the elevator and I remember saying , 'God , please help us . ' At that point , I was resigned to the fact I was going to die ''
But like a miracle , Giambanco 's plea to God was answered as all of a sudden they heard someone yelling from above , `` How many people are down there ? ''
The miracle above turned out to be Rodriguez who had returned into the WTC after helping David to safety in order to help others after disobeying police orders to remain outside .
`` I remember rushing past police , telling them to go to hell as I was going back to help my friends no matter what , '' recalls Rodriguez about their basement search for survivors before eventually only making their way to the 39th floor before being turned back in a desperate attempt to reach the top floors .
In the basement , Rodriguez managed to find a construction ladder , miraculously lowering it into the elevator after courageously entering the darkened shaft and opening the top hatch on the elevator where Giambanco and the other unidentified man now were standing thigh-deep in water from the broken or activated sprinkler system spewing water into the elevator shaft .
`` I do n't know they did it , but I felt them just pick me up and pull me out , '' said Giambanco about Rodriguez 's rescue efforts . `` I did n't know who they were then , but I do now and they definitely saved my life . If it was n't for William Rodriguez , I would n't be here today . ''
For me , William is like my brother . They single handedly saved my life .
After Rodriguez brought them to safety , Giambanco remembers being taken to an ambulance and rushed to a hospital where in their hospital room , they received news reports that both towers collapsed .
`` I threw myself on the hospital floor in tears and I finally had to get an injection to calm me down , '' said Giambanco . `` For a long time after , every time I would try to go to sleep I would get nightmares about being trapped in the elevator ''
Reflecting back on their 9/11 near death experience , they added :
`` I remember riding in the ambulance that morning and looking back , thinking it had to be a bomb .
`` Later they told me it was an airplane that hit the towers , but how could it just be an airplane ? I know all the newspapers were saying that , but it was just too incredible to believe if you heard and experienced what I did . It had to be a bomb . ''
For more informative articles , go to www.arcticbeacon.com where donations are accepted in the wake of a media blackout .
Greg Szymanski
President Trump told senators on Monday to ask former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates how information leaked to the press about contacts between Trump 's team and Russian officials , following their meeting with White House lawyers on retired Gen. Mike Flynn .
Yates , set to testify in front of a Senate Judiciary Committee panel Monday , is expected to detail their warning to the White House counsel about Trump 's former national security adviser 's contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak during the transition . Trump fired them after Yates refused to defend their first immigration ban on seven Muslim countries in court .
`` Ask Sally Yates , under oath , if they know how classified information got into the newspapers soon after they explained it to W.H . Council [ sic ] , '' Trump tweeted .
Publicly , Trump has not been overly concerned about Flynn 's conversations with Kislyak , and instead has blamed the scandal on leakers who went to the media with reports about Flynn 's conversations .
Flynn reportedly told the administration , including Vice President Mike Pence , that the conversations with Kisylak were mostly small talk and holiday greetings . However , subsequent information showed that was n't true , and Flynn was fired for not being honest with the vice president , according to the White House .
Yates is going to tell the panel they gave White House counsel a stern warning about Flynn 's contacts with the Russians and strongly implied they should be fired , but never outright recommended their dismissal .
Subaru 's new FA20DIT is being developed into a highly efficient racing engine for Le Mans Prototypes . The apparently radical eLMP R engine from Revolutionary Technologies United ( RTU ) is a 1.6 turbo charged short stroke boxer engine based on a standard Subaru block , it was revealed for the first time at the PMW Expo in Cologne , Germany .
It is expected that it will produce in excess of 550bhp and can run with very little cooling indeed due to its use of a patented ‘ Pseudo Adiabatic ' combustion process . This is the team behind the project would make a car using it not only highly fuel efficient but also highly aerodynamically efficient due to significantly reduced cooling demands . However the engine is on the heavy side at 130kg .
The man behind the project , Al Solari has something of an interesting past in sportscar racing but claims that this technology has already been proven on a five cylinder Audi engine which developed in excess of 800bhp . Certainly if the technology works as claimed then the engine would ( aside from its weight ) be highly competitive in a fuel flow restricted formula .
Performance figures and verification of the RTU claims will be announced at the Autosport Engineering Show in January on stand E1162 .
Today 's delivery of manure from the folks at Camp Runamuck consists of some prime material concerning jobs that Sprint is bringing back to the United States from Mexico . From CNBC :
Trump said the deal `` was done through '' SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son , a Japanese billionaire and technology investor . Earlier this month , Trump and Son announced in New York that SoftBank had agreed to invest $ 50 billion in the U.S. and aimed to create 50,000 jobs .
Wait for it…
While Trump made a point to announce the Sprint job creation , those positions are part of the previously-announced deal with SoftBank , a Sprint spokesperson told NBC News . `` The 5,000 jobs announced today are part of the 50,000 jobs that Masa Son [ Masayoshi Son , founder and CEO of SoftBank ] announced a few weeks ago , but these jobs will be funded by Sprint , '' the Sprint spokesperson said .
Yeah , it 's a pile of swill , but it 's very marketable swill , so you should keep an eye on how it gets sold . We have some experience with this from the early days of the Reagan Administration , when they oversold the failures of the Carter presidency and then even more fervently oversold the efficacy of the crackpot economic schemes they 'd ridden into office .
There 's a terrific anecdote in Mark Hertsgaard 's On Bended Knee , the definitive account of the failure of the elite political press in the wake of Ronald Reagan 's election , a failure that we 're all still paying for today . It is the depths of the 1982 recession , which largely was exacerbated by the phantom mathematics of the first Reagan budget , and which ultimately cost the president 27 seats in the 1982 midterms . Lesley Stahl of CBS goes out and does a series of reports about the effects of the recession on ordinary Americans . As part of the process , they also run B-roll of President Reagan campaigning for Republican congressional candidates , all puffed up in front of banks of American flags . Later , they talk to Michael Deaver , Reagan 's master of stagecraft . Stahl thinks she 's about to get chewed out for them reporting . Instead , Deaver thanks them for all the lovely shots of Reagan in patriotic excelsis .
Stahl was criticized subsequently for overstating the importance of images over ideas in telling this story , but the election of El Caudillo del Mar-a-Lago after a campaign in which they were the only idea they had makes me think Stahl was simply ahead of their time . This kind of thing is already beginning to happen again . Consider how The New York Times handled the Sprint story .
`` I was just called by the head people at Sprint , and they are going to be bringing 5,000 jobs back to the United States , '' Mr. Trump told reporters at their Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida . `` They have taken them from other countries . They are bringing them back to the United States . '' Sprint later said that the jobs were part of a previously announced commitment by Japan 's SoftBank , which owns a controlling stake in the mobile phone carrier , to invest $ 50 billion in the United States and create 50,000 positions . That announcement , made by Masayoshi Son , the chief executive of SoftBank , followed a meeting with Mr. Trump this month .
This is something worse than a half-truth . If you watch the video that accompanies the story , you will hear the president-elect talk about the `` spirit of what 's happening here '' as the reason for Sprint 's decision , which is a lie . That quote is barbered in the story to eliminate the opening part of it , and all we get is that Trump is `` taking credit '' for the move , instead of the obvious fact that he 's lying about it .
Don Emmert Getty Images
To its credit , Tiger Beat On The Potomac produced a more accurate account of what Trump said .
Asked about its new target , a spokesperson told POLITICO the `` 5,000 jobs announced today are part of the 50,000 jobs that [ SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son ] previously announced . It will be a combination of newly created jobs and bringing some existing jobs back to the U.S. '' Trump , for their part , told reporters at Mar-a-Lago on Wednesday that Sprint offered to bring jobs back to the U.S. because of `` what is happening and the spirit and the hope '' from their election . Pressed later on the claim , the president-elect insisted that `` because of me they are doing 5,000 jobs in this country . ''
Still not great , but at least TBOTP nudges the reader toward the obvious conclusion that the president-elect is gilding their own lily again .
Of course , Himself actually made an appearance in the tasteful doorway of their equally tasteful Florida pile on Wednesday . ( I thought the presence of Don King , brandishing a bouquet of flags from around the world , added a certain gravitas to the proceedings . Lord , what have we done ? ) They had some things they wanted to say . Most of them were typically , ahem , coherence-free .
On the continuing story of the Russian hacking :
I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly . The whole age of computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what is going on . We have speed , we have a lot of other things , but I 'm not sure we have the kind , the security we need .
On the current wrangling between the administration and Israel :
I 'm very strong on Israel . I think that Israel has been treated very , very unfairly by a lot of different people . If you look at resolutions in the United Nation . . . they are up for 20 reprimands and other nations that are horrible places , horrible places that treat people horribly have n't even been reprimanded . So there is something going on and I think it is very unfair to Israel .
There 's always `` something going on . ''
These remarks give me great hope , especially in combination with what Robert Costa reports in The Washington Post .
Trump told them that Reagan 's `` style '' and Kennedy 's articulation of grand national ambitions are central to how they think through their own speech , which will be given Jan. 20 , the people said . And while Trump is working closely with Stephen Miller , their aide and speechwriter , on the text , they confided that in recent days they have become more personally involved in the writing process , the people said . The people requested anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the conversation .
And because they 'd like to have careers in politics when this all blows over .
Then there 's this . Their flack is beset by one of the firstest First World problems I 've even seen . Per Page Six :
While in DC on Wednesday with their kids looking at schools , Conway told me , `` I would not characterize myself as 'worried ' so much as amused by the silence and sighs on the other end of the phone when friends and allies have made preliminary inquiries on our behalf . '' While the posh private schools ' handbooks and websites all preach `` diversity '' and `` open-mindedness , '' Conway said , `` For some , there is a comfort in sameness . ''
Maybe your 25-year career of public insufferability comes at a price your poor spalpeens have to pay . That would be too bad . ( Notice , please , the lack of a specific example of someone afflicting the Conway children with liberal ideological meidung . ) Honestly , though , is there anyone in that operation who does n't whine at a pitch audible at NORAD ?
Of course , if they need a miracle , Kellyanne can call on this lovely Jesus lady who will be praying over the still-warm corpse of the American republic on January 20 . The Daily Beast explains :
If you think this sounds shady , you 're not alone . As ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee , Sen. Chuck Grassley ( R-IA ) and their staff spent three years scrutinizing the finances of White and a handful of other prosperity-gospel-preaching televangelists . Investigators did n't find any definitive proof of wrongdoing . While Grassley was investigating White , Trump was praising them CNN quoted them in a broadcast aired Nov. 26 , 2007 , describing them in glowing terms . `` Paula White is not only a beautiful person , both inside and out , they have a significant message to offer anyone who will tune in and pay attention , '' Trump said . `` She has amazing insight , the ability to deliver that message clearly , as well as powerfully . '' White has expressed similar sentiments about Trump , once describing them as `` a diamond that reveals a new facet each time it is turned in the light . ''
If the president-elect had been hanging around Galilee back in the day , he 'd have charged 20 bucks for each loaf and 50 for every fish . And the bread would have been stale and the fish , rotten .
Click here to respond to this post on the official Esquire Politics Facebook page .
Under mounting pressure to rein in mammoth budget deficits , President Obama will propose in their State of the Union address a three-year freeze on federal funding that is not related to national security , a concession to public concern about government spending that could dramatically curtail Obama 's legislative ambitions .
The freeze would take effect in October and limit the overall budget for agencies other than the military , veterans affairs , homeland security and certain international programs to $ 447 billion a year for the remainder of Obama 's first term , senior administration officials said Monday , imposing sharp limits on their ability to begin initiatives in education , the environment and other areas of domestic policy .
Although the freeze would shave no more than $ 15 billion off next year 's budget -- barely denting a deficit projected to exceed $ 1 trillion for the third year in a row -- White House officials said it could save significantly more during the next decade . They described the freeze as a critical component of a broader deficit-reduction campaign intended to restore confidence in Obama 's ability to control the excesses of Washington and the most lavish aspirations of their own administration .
`` You ca n't afford to do everything that you might have always wanted to do . That 's the decision-making process that the president and the economic team went through , '' said a senior administration official , speaking on the condition of anonymity to describe the speech the president will deliver on Wednesday night . `` We 're not here to tell you that we 've solved the deficit . But you have to take steps to control spending . ''
The announcement comes less than a week after Massachusetts voters sent shock waves through the Democratic establishment by handing Republicans a crucial 41st seat in the Senate , endangering Obama 's agenda and fueling GOP attacks on Obama 's flight attendantship of the budget and the economy . After spending much of their first year in office pursuing expensive initiatives such as a far-reaching overhaul of the health-care system , Obama has pledged to devote much of the next year to reducing record budget deficits , which have forced the Treasury Department to increase borrowing , driving the accumulated national debt toward levels not seen since World War II .
The spending freeze would affect only about one-eighth of the nation 's $ 3.5 trillion budget , the bulk of which is devoted to entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid , which are responsible for much of the future increase in spending . It would not restrain funding for the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package Obama pushed through Congress early last year , nor would it apply to a new bill aimed at creating jobs , which Democrats have identified as their top priority in the run-up to November 's congressional elections .
The House has approved a $ 156 billion package intended to lower the nation 's 10 percent unemployment rate , while the Senate is drafting an $ 80 billion package that includes tax cuts for businesses that hire new employees as well as aid for cash-strapped state governments and the unemployed .
It is also unlikely to affect the approximately $ 900 billion health-care bill , which has been on life-support since the Massachusetts vote . In an interview with ABC News on Monday , Obama vowed to press ahead with health care and other first-year agenda items , even it means jeopardizing their reelection chances in 2012 .
`` I 'd rather be a really good one-term president than a mediocre two-term president , '' they said in the interview , according to an excerpt posted on ABC 's Web site .
Obama also defended their top economic advisers in the interview , saying Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner and White House economic adviser Lawrence H. Summers have provided `` sound , steady economic leadership '' and are likely to stay with the administration despite rumors to the contrary .
Obama 's commitment to cutting deficits will be an important theme of their address to Congress , administration officials said , and will be fully detailed in the budget they are due to submit to lawmakers early next week . Administration officials have declined to say specifically how the president plans to reduce deficits projected to add more than $ 9 trillion to the national debt during the next decade . But they have endorsed several measures aimed at meeting that goal , including the adoption of stringent pay-as-you-go budget rules that would bar lawmakers from passing programs that increase deficits and the creation of a bipartisan commission to work toward a balanced budget .
The Senate is scheduled to vote Tuesday on a plan to create a budget commission , though supporters say they lack the 60 votes needed for adoption . Obama has told lawmakers that if the measure fails , they will issue an executive order creating such a task force with broad power to change the tax code and spending on entitlement programs ..
A tiny lemur species with big , soulful eyes has been discovered in the forests of northern Madagascar .
As described in the journal Primate Conservation , the Ankarana or Sheth 's dwarf lemur ( Cheirogaleus shethi ) weighs a little over 100 grams , has a body length of just 12 centimeters ( plus a tail of about 16 centimeters ) , and has tiny hands that probably would n't even wrap about a human finger .
Most importantly , it has DNA that sets it apart from other dwarf lemurs , a somewhat controversial group of species that are hard to study in the wild due to their arboreal , nocturnal natures and which are barely represented in museum samples . Previous papers actually have described this particular dwarf lemur , but this new paper details the first genetic tests that reveal it as a separate species .
This paper also suggests that other dwarf lemur species may remain to be discovered . “ This research reminds us that there is unaccounted genetic diversity within this group and that more species may be described as we sample more locations in Madagascar , ” says Marina Blanco , a postdoctoral associate with the Duke Lemur Center , who has studied dwarf lemurs and another group of small primates called mouse lemurs ( she was not affiliated with the new paper ) .
Researchers have yet to determine population estimates for the Ankarana dwarf lemur , but they do know that its habitat exists in a very delicate balance . The species lives in isolated portions of a national park , a reserve , and a protected area , but those zones do n't offer much actual protection . As the authors note , local “ communities rely on forests for their daily needs , and the extraction of resources at this intensity negatively affects biodiversity ” such as the dwarf lemur . In addition , the three observed population sites for the species are all disconnected and may lack the connectivity necessary to allow genetic flow between them .
This discovery is yet another reminder that the number of known lemur species keeps growing , even as the total number of all lemurs declines due to deforestation , hunting , climate change , the illegal pet trade and a variety of other threats . “ It is a frightening combination of circumstances to be presented with , ” says Tara Clarke , co-director of the conservation organization Lemur Love , who was not associated with the new paper . “ My hope is that these new discoveries inspire , motivate and mobilize conservation action and funding to protect and preserve the island 's remaining biodiversity . ”
That potential motivation ca n't come quickly enough . About 94 percent of all lemur species—which only exist on Madagascar—are now threatened and many are considered to be endangered or critically endangered , according to Global Wildlife Conservation , one of the organizations which supported this research . The new species was named after GWC 's chairperson , investor and philanthropist Brian Sheth , who has funded numerous research projects and the establishment of nature reserves in Madagascar .
Each discovery like this one puts us a little bit closer to reversing the trend , especially for the little-studied dwarf lemurs . “ To know how , when and why dwarf lemurs occupied this region can help us understand not only their biogeographic history but also the potential for their long-term survival , ” says Blanco .
Bans developers from making `` public statements '' about the terms of the Agreement .
Stipulates that developers can only distribute their apps on the App Store , and bans them from distributing their apps on competing app stores .
Prohibits any type of reverse engineering ( in spite of the fact that the courts have ruled that reverse engineering for interoperability is legal under the Fair Use Doctrine ) .
Stipulates that , no matter what , Apple will never be liable to any developer for more than $ 50 in damages . As the EFF says , `` So if Apple botches an update , accidentally kills your app , or leaks your entire customer list to a competitor , the Agreement tries to cap you at the cost of a nice dinner for one in Cupertino . ''
Give it up for the Electronic Frontier Foundation . Yesterday they managed to ( legally ) blow the lid off the iPhone Developer Program License Agreement , and now we can all take a look at just how oppressive Apple has become to developers.Basically , whenever someone or some company wants to create an iPhone app , they have to 1 ) register as an official developer with Apple by signing a license agreement and paying $ 100 , and 2 ) submit their app for approval before it 's listed in the App Store.Here 's the rub . Once you sign the agreement ( copies of which are extremely scarce ) , Apple prohibits people from making any `` public statements regarding this Agreement , its terms and conditions , or the relationship of the parties without Apple 's express prior written approval . `` In other words , you 're not allowed to speak out and criticize it . Think about that ! A curb on speech and commentary as a prerequisite for writing a dumb computer program . That 's why you undoubtedly have n't heard too much about this tyranny before.Well , the EFF has found a loophole . When they saw the `` NASA App for iPhone '' , they used the Freedom of Information Act to ask NASA for a copy , so that the general public could see what rules controlled the technology they could use with their phones . A copy of the license agreement can now be found here I recommend reading the entire Agreement as well as the EFF 's summary , but , in a nutshell , the license agreement ... Apple has been able to get away with this simply because it is the sole gateway to the 40 million iPhones in circulation . And the reason we should all be concerned is that `` no competition among app stores means no competition for the license terms that apply to iPhone developers . `` What 's needed is an emulation of what 's worked for PCs for nearly 30 years ... separate the software market from the hardware market . Competition and innovation suffer when customers and developers are `` locked in '' to one platform for life . Instead , just like with PCs , there should be many competing software developers for each platform , thereby creating a wider , more diverse array of products that are priced according to market principles rather than monopolistic controls.The EFF has done us all a real service by tracking down Apple 's license agreement . Now it 's our turn to all speak out . Indeed , Apple has been acting as `` a jealous and arbitrary feudal lord '' . Developers should demand better terms and customers who love their iPhones should back them .
Spurs played good football in the first half , but a sloppy goal put them on the back foot , and they never recovered .
Sir Alex Ferguson went with a 4-4-2 / 4-2-2-2 shape . Michael Carrick was in the side ahead of Paul Scholes , Park Ji-Sung started on the left , and Rafael da Silva was chosen to marshal Gareth Bale , presumably because of their pace .
Harry Redknapp left out Peter Crouch with Wednesday 's game against Inter in mind , acknowledging before the game that United were strong in the air , and Spurs would instead need to play along the ground . Instead , Robbie Keane was deployed as a lone frontman . Tom Huddlestone was also absent , with Jermaine Jenas in a deep midfield role .
No holders
Neither side had anything like a true defensive midfielder or ‘ destroyer ' in the centre of the pitch . Jermaine Jenas is not really a holding player , he 's someone who does a bit of everything . Luka Modric is a playmaker . Michael Carrick is a deep-lying regista . Darren Fletcher certainly has the attributes to play in a holding role , but they were used as a box-to-box player , ahead of Carrick for most of the game .
This links back to the question of what a central midfielder does in modern football . It also created an open , attractive game with both sides looking to play through midfield . There was not much of a midfield 'scrap ' – few challenges took place in that area , and the only two players who were booked for fouls throughout the game where William Gallas and Younes Kaboul , both for mistimed tackles when following their striker into deep zones .
Long shots
As a result , neither side was very good at defending in midfield areas – the closing down was not quick enough , and this resulted in a very high number of shots from 20-30 yards in the opening half hour – ten between the two sides . The closest to scoring were Park and Rafael van der Vaart , who both hit the post in the opening ten minutes , from very similar range .
Manchester United were playing very narrow , with Park taking up something like a permanent central position , and Nani looking to drift inside as well . In this sense , United became 4-2-2-2 with the ball , packing the centre of the pitch and making Tottenham 's two wide players almost useless in the defensive phase of play . Rafael and Patrice Evra attempted a couple of forward runs , but nothing like the frequency with which they generally get into the opposition third in home matches . The Chalkboard below shows that United never looked to play the ball into attacking wide zones in the first half – the only passes completed in those areas are from a throw-in in the 44th minute .
by Guardian Chalkboards
Set-pieces
It 's not often a manager explicitly states their side 's weakness before a match , but Redknapp was happy to do so .
“ It 's an attacking team , it 's a small team – our biggest problem might come from dealing with set plays – apart from Kaboul and Gallas we 're not over-blessed with height… ”
Midway through the first half , this came into play in a big way . Nani 's free-kick was fizzed in relatively low , and Nemanja Vidic glance a trademark header perfectly into the far corner . Height was not necessarily the issue as much as players not comfortable in the air ( and poor marking ) – but it 's no coincidence that Redknapp correctly predicted where their team would be vulnerable .
Tottenham were bright and responded reasonably well . United were outnumbered in the centre of the pitch and van der Vaart was one of the key players when Tottenham had the ball – always finding space and making a couple of excellent runs into the penalty box . They seemed to lack an end product , however – and with Spurs accustomed to playing a ‘ big man ' upfront , the presence of Keane forced them to change their gameplan . Keane 's link-up play was good , but Bale and Aaron Lennon seemed slightly unsure of what to do when they had the ball in wide areas . In this zone Spurs needed better support from their full-backs – United 's wingers taking up narrow positions should have invited Benoit Assou-Ekotto and Alan Hutton forward more . Hutton tried to provide an attacking presence , but their touch on the ball was poor .
Second half
United were far from home and dry , and in open play they created few clear-cut chances . They appeared to have problems getting the ball to their front two , and both Dimitar Berbatov and Javier Hernandez had little impact upon the game .
The withdrawal of Berbatov for Paul Scholes was an acknowledgement both that the Bulgarian was off-form , and that United risked being overrun in the centre of the pitch , and letting van der Vaart go free . They switched to 4-1-4-1 , with Carrick the deepest player , Scholes to the left and Fletcher to the right , and they closed the game down very well .
United kept it tighter between the lines and their wingers stayed in wider positions , keeping their shape and denying Tottenham space to pass the ball . Only an excellent run from Bale in an inside-right position caused United significant problems – the Welshman running with the ball to provide a direct goalscoring threat was a better tactic for Spurs than them crossing the ball : the Chalkboard below shows that their crossing was unsuccessful throughout the game ( not helped by Spurs ' lack of height ) .
by Guardian Chalkboards
Peter Crouch replaced van der Vaart after the Dutchman 's injury , but United looked comfortable late on . Nani 's bizarre goal sealed the win .
Conclusion
A few interesting factors – the lack of holding players , United 's narrowness in the first half , Tottenham 's lack of height – eventually the game came down to the simple concept of defending free-kicks . Tottenham arguably played the better football in open play but had no direct route of attack , whilst they conceded a very simple goal with no-one picking up Vidic .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
A Commodore 64 computer . ( Photo : Luca Boldrini/CC BY 2.0 )
A version of this post originally appeared on Tedium , a twice-weekly newsletter that hunts for the end of the long tail .
Back in the early '90s , it was n't a sure thing that Microsoft Windows was going to take over the market , even though they had a clear lead over many of their competitors , thanks to MS-DOS .
In fact , one of the iconic GUI-based experiences of the era , AOL , hedged its bets for a while , creating and maintaining a DOS version of its iconic pseudo-internet software using a graphical user interface platform few were familiar with : GeoWorks .
It was an operating system for an era when it was n't even a sure thing we 'd have a modem .
And it was absurdly lightweight , something it gained from its earliest form—as GEOS ( Graphical Environment Operating System ) , an operating system option for the Commodore 64 .
The platform , built by Berkeley Softworks—not to be confused with Berkeley Systems , which built the famous “ flying toasters ” screensaver—was one of the most popular pieces of software on Commodore 64 for a time , thanks to the fact that it was very functional and worked on very inexpensive hardware .
“ GEOS did not pioneer the GUI ; most of its features were already present in the larger OSes of the day , like the classic Mac ( albeit , not Windows ) , ” writer Kroc Camen wrote of GEOS for OS News back in 2006 . “ What GEOS did show is that cheap , low-power , commodity hardware and simple office productivity software worked . You did not need a $ 2,000 machine to type a simple letter and print it . ”
The operating system eventually moved to the PC in the early '90s in a more advanced form , and Berkeley Softworks changed its name to GeoWorks .
I had some experience with Commodore 64 thanks to a childhood friend of mine who owned one and let me mess around with it a bit , but ultimately , I caught onto the PC version of GeoWorks because it came bundled with a 386 I used when I was a kid .
That computer was n't super-fast—what , with its 40-megabyte hard drive and one megabyte of RAM—and , as a result , it really benefited from the lightweight , object-oriented approach of GeoWorks . The operating system took up maybe 10 of those megabytes , tops . And in an era where connecting to the wider world was n't really a big thing , the simplicity of the format was actually kind of nice .
Among the more interesting things about the platform :
Different interfaces for different skill levels : DOS was not a simple operating system for novices to jump into , and GeoWorks Ensemble made an effort to ensure it was more approachable . It offered two different tiers of usage— “ appliances ” and “ professional , ” along with a shell to jump into DOS programs , so you could play Commander Keen without a problem if you really wanted to . For people who had never used a PC before , the strategy was perfect—it had built-in training wheels .
Built-in office tools : The software included a variety of apps that were roughly comparable to anything you could find on other operating systems , such as the Mac including a word processor , calendar , and spreadsheet . It also included a Print Shop Pro-style banner-maker , which came in handy if you owned a dot-matrix printer . Overall , these offerings were great for home users , an audience that Microsoft had n't really emphasized early on in Windows ' history . It was n't as flashy as , say , Microsoft Bob , but it worked a lot better .
Geoworks ' welcome page . ( Photo : Ernie Smith )
Strong capabilities , low power : But the best part of GeoWorks was the fact that it worked well without really strong hardware . Windows 3.1 really needed a 486 to shine , but GeoWorks could effectively run on a 286 or 386 without any problem . It was stable , and despite the fact that ( like early versions of Windows ) it was essentially a graphical shell for DOS , it rarely ran into hiccups .
The software had a cult fanbase , especially among German computer users , who have done a lot to keep its memory alive .
And Quantum Computer Services , another company that had built early success on the Commodore 64 , saw GeoWorks as its opportunity to dive into the PC sphere , launching its first online network for IBM 's PS/1 line of computers .
“ The Promenade interface makes it easy for all family members to use the services , without dealing with the frustrations of complicated commands and functions , ” Quantum Executive Vice President Steve Case said in a 1990 press release . “ Yet the software is advanced enough to satisfy experienced users of online services . ”
Within a year , the platform had been reworked into America Online , a company Case famously led throughout the '90s , and within a decade , the company would be in the middle of an audacious merger with Time Warner—with AOL as one of the defining programs of the Windows era .
GeoWorks had AOL before it was cool—a golden opportunity to take over the home PC market , especially as AOL 's early disks essentially included barebones versions of GeoWorks . That essentially allowed modem owners toget a taste of GeoWorks for free .
But that was n't enough . Beyond AOL , GeoWorks had few third-party apps . Part of the reason for this was that , early on , you needed a Sun workstation to develop software for the platform , a deeply ironic requirement—essentially , you needed a $ 7,000 computer to develop software for low-end PCs , which meant mom-and-pop shops had no chance to even get on board .
At the time , Microsoft was releasing Windows-native development platforms like Visual Basic to win over small developers .
But those limitations could have been dealt with , honestly , if the desktop operating system itself gained a significant audience . Even GeoWorks ' biggest fans knew it did n't stand a chance against Windows , due to Microsoft 's already-established goodwill .
“ I feel badly that this truly amazing program will never be given a chance , as IBM and Microsoft would never allow it , ” one such fan wrote to PC Magazine in 1991 . “ I hope that software developers will see Ensemble 's amazing potential and will begin developing it . Without third-party developers , Ensemble will never survive . ”
Microsoft was standing on the shoulders of giants . GeoWorks could barely even reach the ankles .
An old IBM PS/2 with an Intel 386 processor . ( Photo : Wolfgang Stief/CC BY 2.0 )
But even though GeoWorks failed to win over PC users won over by Windows , the operating system still had a little life in its bones . That 's because , ultimately , operating systems often live multiple lives even if they fail . They show up in random places , because the software is still useful in certain cases .
Palm 's sadly-discarded webOS , for example , currently drives LG 's smart televisions .
GEOS was much the same way . Like a cow shoved through the food manufacturing process and split into a million pieces , parts of GEOS showed up in the ingredient lists of all sorts of weird products . Among the places where GEOS showed its bones :
Personal digital assistants : Before Palm Computing founder Jeff Hawkins came up with the PalmPilot , they formulated an early take on the platform using a stripped-down version of GEOS . The Tandy Zoomer , which came out in 1993 , was n't a hit , but the collaboration with GeoWorks , Tandy , and Casio proved informative for Hawkins and their team . It helped set the stage for the first truly successful PDA a few years later—one that did n't use GEOS . ( Not to be outdone , Hewlett-Packard created a PDA for the platform itself . )
Early smartphones : GEOS ' role in the mobile revolution was n't limited to Palm . In the late '90s , the operating system was a key part of the Nokia 9000 Communicator , one of the earliest smartphones , and one that was well-loved . It was capable of basic word-processing , graphical web-browsing , and could even edit a spreadsheet . For those perks , it was n't cheap , costing $ 800 at launch , and it was Zack Morris huge . “ Modern users take features like mobile email and web browsing for granted , but the Nokia 9000 Communicator was the first device to offer these in a single device , ” tech writer Richard Baguley wrote on Medium in 2013 . “ It may have been a bulky , clunky device , but we still miss it . ”
A Nokia 9000 Communicator . ( Photo : textlad/CC BY 2.0 )
Electronic typewriters : The '90s were a bad time to be a typewriter-maker , and Brother was not well-positioned to handle the internet revolution . But it did have something up its sleeve : GEOS . The company collaborated with GeoWorks on a set of printer variations that added basic word processing and desktop publishing capabilities to the mix . They were still typewriters , but they did slightly more interesting things than write type .
Primitive netbooks : Brother 's interest in GEOS did n't just extend to typewriters ; it saw GEOS as an opportunity to bring “ computing to the masses , ” as one press release put it . In 1998 , years after GEOS had faded from view for just about everyone else , the typewriter company launched an alternative platform—the $ 500 GeoBook , a low-power laptop that preceded the rise of netbooks by about a decade . It could surf the web and had much of the software available in the DOS version of GeoWorks , but it did n't have a hard drive , which helped keep the price down . And much like netbooks , reviewers hated them . “ For the price of this unit , you can easily find a discontinued , refurbished or used Windows computer and maybe even a new one . It will do hundreds of things that this machine can not dream of , ” a negative 1998 New York Times review explained .
There are n't any crazy GEOS projects like this nowadays that I 'm aware of , but hey , maybe it 's running an ATM somewhere .
Despite the number of extra lives GeoWorks has had , the outlook of the platform looks more dire than ever in 2016 .
This is partly due to the complicated corporate history around GEOS . After the company that created the software dissolved in the late '90s , the technology was sold off to a firm named NewDeal , which built an office suite out of GEOS , one that looked a lot like Windows 95 and took away a lot of the platform 's unique charm .
At one point , the operating system was owned by Ted Turner 's son , who attempted to run a low-cost PC company called MyTurn.com , with the GeoWorks software as its centerpiece . ( When Teddy Turner ran for Congress in 2013 , their MyTurn.com days came back to haunt him . )
Eventually , the operating system ended in the hands of a company called Breadbox , which had essentially treated GeoWorks as a volunteer upkeep project , with the eventual goal of turning the GEOS into an educational software platform that worked in tandem with Android .
But recently , Breadbox went into hibernation . In November , founder Frank S. Fischer died unexpectedly as they were in the midst of creating a version of the software for tablets .
John F. Howard , their longtime partner on Breadbox , is currently working on next steps , talking things over with Fischer 's family as well as other developers who are interested in the platform .
“ There are still some legal issues to resolve , but I am confident that there is still some life in the GEOS code , ” they wrote on the Breadbox website last month .
A version of this post originally appeared on Tedium , a twice-weekly newsletter that hunts for the end of the long tail .
The 2016 Asian Table Tennis Olympic Qualification Tournament was held this April in Hong Kong , with a total of eleven places available in each of the Men 's Singles and Women 's Singles events , divided into East Asia , South East Asia , South Asia , West Asia and Middle Asia Zones .
Neda Shahsavari and Nima Alamian got two direct spots to Rio 2016 , as winners in the Middle Asia Zone . Noshad Alamiyan had to face their brother Nima in the finals and lost . However , in the second stage , they recorded a 4-1 success over Hong Kong 's Jiang Tianyi , securing Iran 's third Olympic spot .
Rio 2016 will mark Nima Alamian 's first appearance at the Olympic Games . Noshad Alamiyan and Neda Shahsavari will participate for the second time . Shahsavari became in London 2012 the first woman to represent Iran in table tennis at the Olympic Games .
Earlier this year , the Iranian women 's team surprised many as they got the gold medal in the third division of the 54th World Team Table Tennis Championships in Malaysia . The trio formed by Mahjobeh Omrani , Neda Shahsavari and Maryam Samet recorded three matches to nil win against Uzbekistan .
The World Team Championships are played on a “ Division ” system with 24 teams in each of the first three divisions while all other teams form a 4th Division . The first division is also the Championship Division as only teams in this division can compete for the title of World Champions .
Photos : Iranian table tennis players at 2016 ITTF Asia Olympic Games Qualification Tournament and Iran women 's table tennis team at 2016 World Team Table Tennis Championship in Malysia
Sources : Mehr News Agency ( MNA ) 1 , MN 2 , ittf.com 1 , Flicker | ITTF World , hktta.org.hk , ittf.com 2 , MNA 3 , ittf.com 3 , IRNA , perfectwttc2016.com.my
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will travel to Washington on Monday to hold talks at the White House with Donald Trump , hoping to develop a personal bond of trust with an unpredictable U.S. President who is pushing an America First trade and global agenda .
This will be the first face-to-face encounter between the two leaders with radically different approaches to trade , immigration and international relations , although they have had two telephone conversations since Mr. Trump became President .
`` They look forward to discussing ‎the unique relationship between Canada and the United States of America and how we can continue to work hard for middle-class Canadians and Americans , together , '' said Kate Purchase , the Prime Minister 's communications director .
Story continues below advertisement
Related : Canadians want Trudeau to stand up to Trump , even if it leads to trade war : poll
Also : As Trudeau and Trump prepare to meet , here 's a guide to where Canada-U.S. relations stand so far
Campbell Clark : Which Trump will Trudeau meet on their Washington visit ?
The challenge for an avowed social progressive like Mr. Trudeau is to paper over their differences with the new President and find common ground on economic and national-security issues .
Top of the agenda will be trade relations , particularly the President 's plans to renegotiate the 1994 North American free-trade agreement . Another item on Canada 's radar is a Republican proposal to impose a `` border-adjustment tax '' on foreign imports , not unlike a surcharge president Richard Nixon briefly imposed in 1971 . The talks also will likely focus on Russia , the fight against the Islamic State and Canada 's contribution to NATO .
The President does not yet have their trade team in place because the U.S. Senate has still not confirmed Wilbur Ross as Commerce Secretary , Robert Lighthizer as trade representative and Treasury Secretary-nominee Steven Mnuchin .
`` This gives the Prime Minister the opportunity to probe discreetly and try to find out what their intentions are and make the point that our relations are not like others , '' said former Canadian ambassador to Washington Derek Burney , who has been an informal adviser to Mr. Trudeau along with former Progressive Conservative prime minister Brian Mulroney .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Even more important is for Mr. Trudeau to develop the kind of chemistry that Mr. Mulroney had with Ronald Reagan , once considered a hard-right conservative who was unpopular in Canada .
`` We were a bit smug about Ronald Reagan yet there was no president where we achieved as much as that guy in a long , long time , '' Mr. Burney said .
Mr. Burney expressed confidence that the Prime Minister , known for their charm and charisma , will be able to win over the real estate tycoon and former reality-show star even if they share different ideologies .
`` Those guys were both not expected to win and they both won . They are both creatures of social media . So they have a lot in common , '' Mr. Burney said . `` They do n't have an ideology in common but does anybody really know what Donald Trump 's ideology is ? Even Republicans do n't know . ''
Mr. Trump is known to have been unhappy after the Prime Minister delivered an effusive statement on the death of Cuban dictator Fidel Castro . The Washington Post has also described Mr. Trudeau as `` a leader of the liberal global resistance to President Trump '' and said their message of `` inclusivity and multiculturalism stands in contrast '' to that of the U.S. leader .
Amnesty International picked up on that theme in an open letter to Mr. Trudeau on Thursday , urging them to confront the President about human rights – from the ban on Syrian refugees and citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries to their support for torture .
Story continues below advertisement
`` Prime Minister Trudeau can not equivocate when they sit down for their first face-to-face meet with President Trump . They must make it clear that Canada needs and expects the President to advance human-rights protections at home and abroad ; not set it back , '' said Béatrice Vaugrante , director-general of Amnesty International Canada .
But Conservative trade critic Gerry Ritz said Mr. Trudeau must be vigilant about not coming across as anti-Trump , even if it may be popular in Canada .
`` At the end of the day , we 've got a President down there who … you know , they take this stuff with a very thin skin . He 's not a politician ; he 's a business person , '' they said .
Monday 's meeting comes as Trudeau cabinet ministers have moved quickly to reach out to Mr. Trump 's cabinet secretaries to seek areas of agreement and to demonstrate the Canadian government 's desire to develop a positive relationship with the new Republican administration .
Canadian government sources have said Ottawa is trying to pre-emptively reinforce for Americans how beneficial its trading ties with Canada are before Mr. Trump gets down to the NAFTA talks .
`` In any trade relationship , there is a possibility of improvement so we are not of the view that we should n't relook at NAFTA or any trade relations to see if there are ways we can improve it , '' Finance Minister Bill Morneau said during a talk at Washington 's Georgetown University on Thursday .
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Morneau said it was too early to get into specifics on what might be up for discussion in NAFTA , but they said Ottawa believes there are some areas for improvement , such as on adapting the agreement for the digital age .
In their public comments , Mr. Morneau avoided the tough message of Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland , who warned of Canadian retaliation in the event the Trump administration imposes new protective tariffs .
Ms. Freeland was in Washington on Tuesday and Wednesday to meet congressional leaders and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , where they pressed the case against any moves to raise tariff walls against Canadian exports .
`` I did make clear that we would be strongly opposed to any imposition of new tariffs between Canada and the United States , that we felt tariffs on exports would be mutually harmful to both Canada and the United States and that , if such an idea were ever to come into being , Canada would respond appropriately , '' Ms. Freeland told reporters after their sit-down with Mr. Tillerson .
Mr. Morneau offered a different message on Thursday , saying Ottawa is seeking to persuade U.S. officials that Mr. Trudeau 's government shares Mr. Trump 's objective of helping a struggling middle class .
`` I 'm focused on creating a better outcome for Canadians and Americans , '' they told reporters . `` What the U.S. administration is trying to achieve – good-paying jobs for Americans – is consistent with what we 're trying to achieve . We 've got a much more positive starting point that we can work from . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Morneau said the Trudeau government holds the view that NAFTA has been economically beneficial for the United States and Canada , pointing out that trade between both nations is about $ 670-billion ( U.S. ) a year .
Unlike the large trade deficit that the United States has with Mexico , the country has a slight surplus with Canada .
Mr. Trump says they want to `` speed up '' renegotiation of NAFTA , an accelerated approach that could increase the bargaining pressure on Canada as the country tries to find a way to emerge unscathed from a rewriting of the rules of commerce with its largest trading partner .
The Blue Jays are reportedly still in the running to acquire Phillies closer Jonathan Papelbon . The Yankees just lost closer Andrew Miller to injury , so the Jays have a prime opportunity to take a run at the division title by taking care of a big need . The current buzz is that Philadelphia is both ready to move Papelbon and willing to eat more of their salary than at any other time . Papelbon began their MLB career in 2005 with Boston , winning one World Series with the Red Sox before leaving in 2011 to sign with the Phillies . A look at the pros and cons of acquiring Papelbon , who has said he 'd be open to a move to Toronto : PROS
The Blue Jays are reportedly interested in trading for Philadelphia Phillies closer Jonathan Papelbon . ( Billy Hurst / AP FILE PHOTO )
Help wanted : Toronto 's bullpen ranks 12th in the American League with a 3.70 ERA and has blown 10 save opportunities , tops in the league . Stability : Papelbon could take over the closer role , with Brett Cecil moving back to the eighth inning . That sets up a trio of Roberto Osuna , Aaron Loup and Liam Hendricks for handling bridge duties between the sixth and seventh innings , as well as the eighth when Cecil is n't available . That 's a more ideal setup for a Jays 'pen that is not structured at the moment . Impressive numbers : One of the top closers of all-time , Papelbon ranks 13th with 337 saves and is 15 away from top 10 . They have saved 219 games the past seven seasons .
Article Continued Below
Still hot : They have 12 saves this season with an exceptional 1.13 ERA over 23 innings .
At Rogers Centre : He 's worked 19 2/3 innings with 16 strikeouts , 10 walks , 10 saves , 14 hits and four runs against . CONS
Article Continued Below
Salary : Papelbon is owed a pro-rated $ 8 million for this season , and $ 13 million in 2016 on a vested option that kicks in if they finish 26 more games this year . Who pays ? It 's been long believed a Jays deal hinges on how much of Papelbon 's salary the Phillies are willing to pay . Toronto is believed to have roughly $ 5 million remaining in payroll space , and it 's not likely owner Rogers will approve any more at the moment . Who goes the other way ? Lefty prospect Daniel Norris ? Not likely , since the Jays steer clear of parting with top-shelf prospects unless it 's for elite players with controllable contracts . Papelbon is 34 and would be a final piece to a contender . While the Jays have ignited renewed faith in their post-season viability after an eight-game win streak , it 's somewhat difficult to see them exhausting all their trade possibilities in favour of one , big-dollar deal for Papelbon . Dilemma : Do the Jays exhaust what little salary room they have left , and give up a prime prospect for Papelbon ? Not likely . . . and they have other needs . They could use two more bullpen arms . While the starting rotation is solid now , another starter might be needed by the trade deadline . The Jays also have catcher Dioner Navarro to deal , while the Phils still have starter Cole Hamels . Papelbon 's fate may depend on how those trade chips play out . Risk : Can the Jays afford to make a mistake on Papelbon ? Absolutely not . If Papelbon does not pan out here and stabilize the 'pen , then GM Alex Anthopoulos is criticized for throwing away what was left of the payroll on a one-player mistake . Still early : It 's not even the middle of June , so there is a strong likelihood that other bullpen opportunities will arise as the July 31 trade deadline comes closer .
“ One thing is certain : Whenever the oil crash comes , it will be only the beginning . Every year that follows will bring more electric cars to the road , and less demand for oil . Someone will be left holding the barrel. ” — Bloomberg
* * * * *
As the global climate situation worsens , the rickety and destructive old energy sources that caused the problem in the first place continue to look less and less secure . Meanwhile , the new energy sources that will help to address what is now a very serious crisis continue to gain strength .
Plummeting Oil Discoveries , Investments
A report out from the International Energy Agency this week showed that new oil discoveries had fallen to 2.4 billion barrels — less than 1/3 of the 15 year average . Meanwhile , the volume of conventional resources sanctioned for development fell to 4.7 billion barrels or the lowest level seen since the 1940s .
( Global oil discoveries and sanctioned developments hit historic lows during 2016 . A structural trend due to new energy market factors that is likely to continue through at least the end of 2017 . Image source : International Energy Agency . )
Sanctioned development is a direct measure of investment in new oil extraction infrastructure while new discoveries are a key factor in maintaining or expanding present oil supply rates of around 85 million barrels per day globally ( total liquid fuels including biofuels are now 92 million barrels per day ) . If investments are falling along with new discoveries , at some point daily production rates will start to lag .
A combination of low oil prices , strong opposition to new oil projects , divestment of fossil fuel market capital , concern over climate change , loss of good faith in the oil industry , and rapidly falling renewable energy prices have all weighed heavily on oil exploration and new project investment . Intense efforts to extract unconventional oil ( shale oil and tar sands ) in the U.S. and Canada also depressed the broader global markets . IEA sees this trend continuing through at least 2017 . A potential for price increases may emerge post-2017 due to supply tightening despite a feeble expected demand growth of 1.2 million barrels per day over the next five years . Given such weak expected increases in demand , most of any supply tightening would tend to come as flagging new project investments fail to make up the gap in falling well production rates .
Oil Major Predicts Electric Future
But over the same 5-year timeframe another factor pushing down global oil demand is expected to begin to emerge . Electric vehicle purchases , which now make up about 1 percent of the global market , are expected to dramatically expand in the coming years . A fact that even oil major Total acknowledges .
( Bloomberg New Energy Finance projects rapid adoption trend for electric vehicles . However , once this kind of market momentum starts , it can tend to snowball very rapidly . Potentially even more rapidly than this trend graph suggests . )
According to a recent report from Gas2 :
At the Bloomberg New Energy Finance conference in New York on April 25 , Joel Couse , chief economist for Total , predicted that sales of electric cars will surge from about 1 % globally in today 's new car market to up to 30 % of the market by 2030 . If that happens , they say , demand for petroleum based fuels “ will flatten out , maybe even decline . ”
Coming from an oil major , this is a big admission . And one that jibes with past reports made by Bloomberg showing electric vehicles dramatically eating into global oil demand by the 2020s . Since Bloomberg 's 2016 report , new revelations have continued to emerge showing EV market strength . Battery prices are falling by 20 percent per year — which just keeps making both EVs and related battery storage more accessible . Meanwhile , EVs continue to develop in ways that surpass their conventional counterparts . Michael Liebreich , who founded Bloomberg New Energy Finance , expects that by “ 2020 there will be over 120 different models of EV across the spectrum . These are great cars . They will make the internal combustion equivalent look old fashioned . ”
Potential to Decimate Oil Demand in Just One Decade
More than 50 percent of global oil demand comes from gasoline use . Another 15 percent of that demand comes from distillate use which includes diesel — which is also a motor vehicle based fuel . Start replacing significant portions of the global vehicle fleet with EVs and that demand is going to fall .
( Total oil demand is significantly vulnerable to fluctuations in gasoline and distillate products demand — both of which are heavily impacted by electric vehicle and solar energy adoption rates . Image source : Quora . )
This is arguably already a marginal feature of the oil market with EVs making up 1 percent of global vehicle sales and with solar now acting to directly replace diesel based electric generation . But the ground swell we are beginning to see in the energy markets appears to be the start of transformational trend .
Cities and countries are banning ( or planning to ban ) petrol-based vehicles . Automakers like Volkswagon , GM , Nissan , BMW , Audi , Ford , and Toyota are dedicating increasing portions of their vehicle fleets to electrics even as all-electric manufacturers like Tesla are growing more dominant . And fast charging stations that are capable of 5-10 minute charge times are on the horizon . Given the emerging confluence of affordability , capability and desirability — it appears that a big , S-curve-like , EV adoption bump is coming on fast . If and when such an event occurs , a crash in oil production rates is likely to follow soon after .
Links :
International Energy Agency
Total Predicts Electric Cars Will Decrease Oil Demand
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
How Goliath Might Fall
The 5-10 Minute EV Charging Stations are Coming
Quora
Hat tip to Steve Piper
Advertisements
Last week , we reported on a lawsuit accusing two Miami-Dade officers of excessive force in an arrest outside a Kendall nightclub in 2010 . As it turns out , one of those officers , Jose A. Huerta , was recently fired after 10 years on the force . Turns out their firing , had nothing to do with lawsuit . Instead , Huerta got the boot for allegedly failing to respond to several emergency dispatches in 2010 , including a sexual assault and a child trapped in a car .
Even worse , those charges came just months after Huerta was disciplined for using the Department of Motor Vehicles ' database to look up personal information on the boyfriend of a fellow cop . Two years before that , Huerta was reprimanded after a news reporter said he 'd grabbed them by the neck to force them away from a crime scene .
See also :
- Miami-Dade Police Hit With Excessive Force Lawsuit Over 2010 Nightclub Arrest
Continue Reading
Riptide was n't able to get in contact with Huerta to comment on this story , but their personnel file lays out a clear picture of why the cop was canned .
According to a disciplinary action report filed on April 12 , 2012 , Huerta failed to respond to at least 10 dispatches between September and December 2010 . In many of those cases , Huerta later falsified information on their daily activity report , to make it look as if they had cleared or responded to calls when they were instead taking meal breaks with fellow officers .
One day in particular -- October 5 , 2010 -- Huerta ignored three separate emergency calls . First , they were dispatched to a call of a child locked inside a car in Coral Gables . Huerta , who was at Dadeland Mall , waited 10 minutes before even leaving to investigate . By then , a City of Miami officer had already taken care of things . That same day , Huerta failed to respond to a call of a suspicious vehicle , then reported back to dispatch to say that they had , despite surveillance evidence to the contrary .
Later that evening , after clearing a traffic crash in Coral Gables , Huerta ignored an emergency violent dispute call at the Cherry Grove Apartment Complex . Instead , according to the report , they went to a pizza place , then stood in the parking lot watching other units speed off to the scene .
On November 2 , 2010 , Huerta was 40 minutes late responding to a sexual assault claim in Coral Gables , having instead stopped for a meal at a nearby restaurant . A week later , on November 9 , they took a dispatch for a suspicious person reported in front of a Winn Dixie . Huerta took the call , but when they got to the store , they parked their car and never got out . What 's worse , according to the report , Huerta could see the suspect in front of the Winn Dixie , but never approached them
Three other disciplinary reports appeared in Huerta 's personnel file . In one , filed on March 19 , 2012 , Huerta was accused of using MDPD computers to access the DMV 's driver information database . According to the report , on April 24 , 2010 , Huerta looked up info on the boyfriend of an MDPD female sergeant . The report also alleged that in September that year , the boyfriend asked Huerta to look up information on another person , which they did . Those searches originally landed them a three-day suspension , which was later reduced to a written reprimand .
In another report , which was issued on May 3 , 2010 , Huerta was disciplined for getting physical with a reporter . In June 2009 , while working as a detail outside the house of a slain MDPD officer , Huerta went up to Marcel San Pedro , a local media member , and `` grabbed them by the neck and left arm and walked them away from the area . '' That incident also got Huerta a suspension that was later changed to a written reprimand .
A September 2009 report concerned Huerta allegedly roughing up a disabled veteran at a Metrorail station . That charge landed them in legal trouble , as the victim , Ricardo Figueroa , sued the department and the officer for excessive force . That lawsuit was eventually dismissed , and their internal punishment was a written reprimand .
Huerta was terminated on orders of Major Delma Noel-Pratt of the Kendall District on September 21 , 2012 . The firing marked the end of a decade of service .
The current lawsuit against Huerta and MDPD remains open .
Follow Miami New Times on Facebook and Twitter @ MiamiNewTimes .
Consumer Reports : Now Is Time To Go Solar !
July 10th , 2016 by Steve Hanley
Consumer Reports says , “ There has probably never been a better time to switch to solar. ” That 's because the cost of a residential solar system today is about the same as purchasing an economy car . Just as that car can help “ pay for itself ” because of lower operating costs , a residential system can also “ pay for itself ” by lowering utility bills over its useful life .
In the United States today , there is a federal tax incentive in place . It is a tax credit equal to 30 % of the cost of the system . Various state and local incentives may apply as well . However , they vary widely across the country , with California offering the highest and some states like Rhode Island offering none .
Then there are utility and regulatory policies to consider as well . In some parts of the country , homeowners can sell their excess electricity back to the local grid at market rates . In others , the so-called “ net metering ” rate is quite a bit less . In still other jurisdictions , there is n't a requirement for utilities to pay anything for the excess power .
Overall , residential solar power is on the rise , growing 60 % in 2015 . There is now one new domestic solar installation in America every 100 seconds .
Consumer Reports urges people not to wait . Right now may be the sweet spot for customers who want to add a solar system to their homes . While the cost of photovoltaic panels has come down dramatically in recent years , that trend is flattening out . Some state and local incentives are set to expire soon , and the utility industry is actively trying to limit the amount it pays for rooftop solar energy . People who act now will likely be grandfathered in if changes occur .
Where to begin ? Consumer Reports recommends buying rather than leasing a system , to save the most money . Interested homeowners can go to various free online services , like Cost of Solar and EnergySage , to get cost estimates and savings estimates , and then get connected with local installers in their area .
Up until now , people who waited to get rooftop solar have saved a little money by doing so . But the window of opportunity may be closing . When Consumer Reports says the time to take action is now , it is not just sales hype . Check out the sites above today to find out how much you could save with a residential solar system .
Related :
What Is The Current Cost Of Solar Panels ?
Solar & Wind Power Prices Often Lower Than Fossil Fuel Power Prices
Is This The Best Solar Chart Yet ?
Solar Power Prices Already Low — Are Breakthroughs Even Needed ?
Solar Power Pros And Cons : Is Solar Power Worth It ?
Images by Consumer Reports
Residential property values in Kensington and Chelsea have risen 88pc after inflation over the past decade , the fastest pace of price growth of any area in the country .
In stark contrast , and at the other end of the housing market spectrum , property values in Durham fell 41pc after inflation , a new interactive map from the agent , Savills , has revealed .
International appetite to buy and invest in London and pent up demand , alongside 23pc job growth in the last three years , has driven prices to record highs , far surpassing the last peak of 2007 .
However , in the majority of places in the UK , house prices still languish below levels seen in the last boom , reflecting the slow or non-existant economic recovery in some northern towns .
Here are the best and worst performing housing markets .
House prices today
New data from the Land Registry , released today , reveal that house price growth across England and Wales stalled in May , with no rise in the average value of a home over the month .
The average property price in May was £179,696 , according to the latest monthly index , virtually flat on April 's £179,817 and barely above March 's £178,007 .
The annual growth rate across England and Wales was 4.6pc - the lowest rate for 15 months .
Despite London 's slowdown over the last six months , annual price growth in the capital is still the strongest of any region .
• VIDEO : Inside millionaire lairs - the £12m pad with Harrods staff on speed dial 24/7
• Revealed : The most expensive rents in Europe
Howard Archer , chief economist at IHS Global Insight said : `` We suspect that housing market activity will continue to improve amid generally supportive fundamentals and reduced uncertainty following the general election .
`` Meanwhile , a shortage of properties coming on to the market is currently exerting increasing upward pressure on house prices .
`` Nevertheless , the upside for housing market activity and prices is expected to be constrained by more stretched house prices-to-earnings ratios , tighter checking of prospective mortgage borrowers by lenders and the likelihood that interest rates will start rising gradually from the first quarter of 2016 . ''
How to use the map
• Click on the plus sign in the left hand corner of the screen to move closer into the map
• Hover over your area to see how much the average house price has increased over the last 10 years
Founded by Richard Thomas , Jr , and their wife Deborah Brooke Thomas . in 1794 , Brookeville is a historically significant 19th-century rural settlement in Upper Montgomery County , Maryland , approximately 18 miles north of the District of Columbia . Covering approximately 60 acres , the Town consists of 55 individual properties and has an estimated population of 135 residents .
In August 1814 , during the War of 1812 , British forces captured and burned Washington , DC . Residents escaped the attack by heading north . In the Town of Brookeville , they were given food and shelter .
As the sun set on August 26 , 1814 , a weary James Madison rode into the Town of Brookeville . The President of the United States had been on the move for nearly three days since they left Washington ahead of the British troops marching to capture the city . In Brookeville , the President found a small but prosperous industrial town overflowing with other refugees from Washington . After a night spent at the home of leading residents Caleb and Henrietta Bentley , Madison and their attendants returned to Washington the next morning . Their stay made the Town “ U.S . Capital for a Day ” , a title the Town still proudly claims today .
They were one of those batsmen kids tried to emulate . They made elbow pads famous . On a hot day , they could bat for hours on end , bowing their head only to let the sweat drip off their visor , getting ready to withhold another wave of opposition attack .
When Rahul Dravid was at the crease , India felt secure . And there 's ample evidence to support that . Like this :
But that 's not all Dravid is known for . The Wall stretched beyond boundaries , in cricket and in life . They cemented themselves as one of the most humble cricketers in history .
How often have we heard that if cricket is a gentleman 's game , Rahul Dravid is that gentleman ? It 's not just a claim or a statement . It 's fact . As solid as the man 's defense was . Unyielding . Unwavering . Resolute !
It was their selflessness on the pitch that made them a true gentleman in real life as well . It supplied the mortar to the bricks that made them The Wall .
They never yearned for the spotlight and that 's what made it all the more intriguing .
Do n't get me wrong , the wolf had a carnivorous mode as well .
But through it all , they had their cool demeanour about him . Remember what Matthew Hayden said ?
When quizzed about their best innings , which ones come to mind ? That partnership with VVS Laxman against the Aussies ? Their centuries ? Double centuries ? They had those in plenty .
In October of 2004 , India were playing Australia & struggling at 75/4 . Glenn McGrath in full flow was giving us a tough time . Dravid & Mohammad Kaif were holding fort but Kaif was tittering . So The Wall decided to protect the fort .
They literally ordered Kaif to remain at the other end while they faced the firing squad . At the end of their innings the scoreboard read : 21 runs , 140 balls , 173 minutes . Their innings were always about what the team needed . That is what Dravid was all about .
Remember when we needed a wicketkeeper ? Mr Dependable stepped up and they did not disappoint . There was a time when they would stay on the field all 5 days of a Test . Keeping wickets while we were fielding and staying not out while India batted .
It was a display of selfless grit never seen before and in all probability will never be seen again .
You wo n't remember them ever getting angry with anyone . The only thing that angered them was when they themselves failed to deliver .
This moment speaks volumes of the man 's character . They were disappointed because they could n't contribute further , even though they had done enough .
They remain the only Indian to have been invited to speak at Sir Donald Bradman 's Oration ( 2011 ) . Even there , their conduct only earned admiration .
The gentleman in them followed them everywhere , off the pitch as well , and the speaker after them only confirmed that .
In a sport that pays so well , where you see players becoming superstars , Dravid always maintained their simple lifestyle .
Their wife mentioned that they would never care if they had to wear the same clothes over & over again while on tour , but if the weight of their bat was off by a gram they would get it fixed right away .
Praise for their performances have come from the cricket fraternity . But praise for their humility even more so .
There was a graceful simplicity about him . They would respect all their opponents and teammates . Something they took with them even as a coach .
When the India U-19 team beat Canada by 327 runs in a warm-up match , they went to the Canadian locker room and motivated the players . Canada beat Ireland by 4 wickets in the next game . There are many such stories about Dravid 's humility and greatness .
As a fan , I wish they were part of a different era . It is true that Sachin 's popularity overshadowed Dravid 's . But the thing is that Dravid did not seem to care . They were okay with it all as long as India was benefiting . They will always be okay with being the unsung hero . Selfless to the very end , a career that paid testament to the title of their biography - The Nice Guy Who Finished First .
Cricket will always miss the boy who became a gentleman , the wall that went on to become a legacy .
Rahul Sharad Dravid has left behind a legacy that can never be emulated .
For the best experience , please enable JavaScript in your browser .
The Museum of the World
The Museum of the World brings an exciting assortment of objects from the archives of the British Museum to the web where you can explore them and their connections .
The Museum of the World
This website is best viewed as a desktop experience .
It appears that your web browser does not support WebGL . Please try updating to a modern browser . Download Google Chrome
This website uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience . By continuing to use this website you agree to the use of cookies . You can disable cookies in your browser settings .
presents Loading { { loadingPercentage } } %
HISTORY CONNECTED
U p / D o w n C a t e g o r i e s M e n u U s e t h e a r r o w k e y s o r s c r o l l u p a n d d o w n t o m o v e b a c k a n d f o r w a r d t h r o u g h t i m e O k , g o t i t S h a r e
THE MUSEUM OF THE WORLD MENU About this project Jump to ... 2,000,000 BC
5000 BC
3000 BC
BC/AD
AD 500
AD 1000
AD 2000 Share { { categoryName } }
{ { hoverInfoObject.objectData.subCultureName || hoverInfoObject.objectData.cultureName } }
Find out more
When Bethesda got in touch just after Gamescom and said , “ Want to come and see Skyrim at PAX ? ” , admittedly we were a bit like , “ Well , we have only just seen it. ” It was n't until they said , “ hands-on , ” “ free-roam ” and “ Gamescom code ” that we did a swift U-turn… after all , this was the perfect opportunity to venture into Skyrim with no limitations , only that of time . That 's an offer you ca n't turn down , right ? Damn straight !
In a bid to steer ourselves down a completely different path to the hands-off presentation at Gamescom , our objective was simple : pick a city on the map and trek towards it , sampling the delights of everything that we come into contact with along the way . The lucky city was that of Falkreath and all that stood in our way was a big fuck-off mountain . Good choice , Dan ! Picking up about 30-40 minutes into the game , at roughly the point you had broken free of the shackles of oppression in Oblivion , we were finally ready for a freeform adventure . Shame the opening few seconds did n't have the same wow factor that Oblivion 's did when you first hit the wild , but it more than made up for that as we got further into the demo .
As was the case at Gamescom , our first objective was to create our character . Having been an unsightly Orc at Gamescom , we thought we 'd opt for something a little less conventional this time – you know , because Orcs are conventional – and as such , opted to set ourselves up as an Argonian – you know , the reptilian looking creatures from The Elder Scrolls series . Being an Argonian has many benefits , like every race in fact , and as such , we were blessed with the Histskin ability , which is the ability to resist disease by up to 50 % ; a spell that allows us to regenerate health a lot faster ; and of course , the ability to breathe underwater . Look mum , I 'm a fish !
Seeing as Todd Howard , Bethesda Game Studios ' Game Director , has always used the phrase , “ If you can see it , you can get to it , ” I put that to the test by attempting to walk up the mountain and take the shortest route to Falkreath . Turns out , I could n't get to the top – well , not this way , anyway – so I did the next best thing : I went potholing… well , I saw a cave and I wanted to get my explore on . The cave in question , Greywater Grotto , was a rather dank and oddly picturesque crystal cavern with a quaint waterfall running through it . I should have been able to tell by the skeletal remains of some poor bugger outside its entrance and a half-eaten deer carcass at the tip of one of the interior 's ledges that looks can be deceiving . As with anything in Skyrim though , you 're rewarded for venturing off the beaten path and after slaying more than a handful of wild wolves , we 're able to loot the corpse of an adventurer and open a chest and get our hands on the Amulet of Arkay – granting us a bonus 10 HP points when equipped .
Thankfully , because Skyrim is such a large location , Bethesda has rather neatly added “ Cleared ” tags to all locations you 've visited in Skyrim that you 've completely rinsed , something that also allows you to see whether you 've got all that you really need from said location . After realising that the words of Diana Ross did n't ring true here and this mountain was definitely high enough – well , too steep to ascend from this point anyway – we descended back down from where we had come and found ourselves at the base of the mountain by a stone archway with ice-covered steps leading up to another cave entrance .
Seeing as we said we 'd do everything along the way , we did n't have much choice and so we climbed into the unknown , a place known as the Bonechill Passage – and that it did . It was another area occupied by wolves , if not slightly tougher than the last lot , but making use of our trusty bow and arrow we were able to dispatch them rather quickly – sneak bonuses and attempting to stay out of sight is still as beneficial here for an archer than it was in Oblivion .
Rather soon after being in the Bonechill Passage we were able to level up , allowing us to venture into Skyrim 's rather impressive menu system . When it comes to levelling up your first job will be to assign a point to either your health , mana or stamina , but the part people will enjoy most is picking a perk , although you ca n't just pick any willy-nilly . Picking a perk is a multi-staged process , so not only do you have to have the perk preceding the one you want unlocked and purchased , but you need the relevant skill level too . In our case , we were able to select the Overdraw perk – adding 20 % damage to our archery attacks – as we were the correct level for that skill and it was first on the tree . However , Eagle Eye , which allows archers to zoom slightly before shooting an arrow , and the Critical Shot , which improves your chances of getting a critical shot , were both perks that required a level 30 in the archery skill… and of course , every perk that preceded it . Unfortunately for us we never got that far because of a shortage of arrows , and as such had to move to dual wielding the Flame spell or wielding the Iron Greatsword which were both rather powerful and made quick work of the skeletons , Draugr and magic-happy bandits we met on our travels .
It was a fruitful trip through the passage though , picking up some heavy armour – allowing us to quick equip it off another unfortunate sod 's corpse without faffing about in the inventory – along the way , as well as a book and some Iron Armour of Minor Illusion , which grants the wearer a 12 % save on mana with illusion spells and stands out in the inventory screen with its blue glow . That said , the real reward lay back in Skyrim at the far end of the passage .
What lay at the end of the relatively short trip into the unknown was another snowy path much higher in the mountains , at the end of which was an ancient stone structure with three wolves protecting in . All three of them were dispatched in seconds though thanks to our dual-wielded Flame spells and we finally had our first real experience of discovering a Dragon Shout – a special power that players can make use of throughout the game . Etched into this ancient stone piece was one of the three Words of Power required to use the most powerful version of that specific shout and as we approached it the screen dimmed , the Elder Scrolls-esque chants started to roar through the headphones and the words start to sizzle as we got closer . Mere seconds later , we had been notified that we had learnt one word of the Animal , Animal Allegiance Dragon Shout which you can use to summon “ beasts of the wild ” to assist you in battles – unfortunately , because we had n't harvested the soul of a dragon yet though we were n't able to use it , but nevertheless , to say it sounds ultra badass is an understatement .
Before we hit Falkreath – it was within touching distance by now – we stopped in at an abandoned hut by a small stream and a huge lake to catch our breath . By this time we were out of the depths of the mountains and the blue lake nearby sparkled under the day 's sun and the butterflies fluttered across the bright green grasses of a much friendlier looking environment . I say friendlier in the loosest way possible though , as the charred remains of the house 's inhabitants that sat outside the hut and a haunting note warning others of a local dragon in the house 's drawer were a startling reminder that Skyrim is a dangerous place for everyone – incidentally , the note also gave directions to the dragon as well , so if it 's dragon souls you 're after , you 've got somewhere to start !
About an hour into the demo we reached Falkreath and it must be said , it was probably the most disappointing aspect of the hands-on , mainly because what we had come to be an ex-fort that acted more as a military town of sorts . Even after contributing to the locale 's economy by doing a spot of milling – basically just a series of button clicks at various places on the wood mill – the locals looked down on our reptilian warrior and treated them as an outsider . We were offered a quest to join the Imperial Legion here though , so it 's not all doom and gloom .
Disappointed by what Falkreath had to offer us , we carried further on into the depths of Skyrim , heading towards one of the most northern places on the map : Solitude , knowing full well we would n't get close to it . Along the way we ducked into Peak 's Slade Tower – an abandoned tower protected by a Spriggan , which is a little like a tree man with the power to shoot illuminous green flies at you – before heading into the Hall of Dead and the Shrine of Arkay , almost bringing our journey to a close at a snow temple called the South Shriekand Bastion . Outside we made quick work of the skeleton-warriors and the Draugr guards that jumped out of various tombs as we ascended its steps , but without further ado , we ventured further than we had ever been before… or something like that .
It 's a dungeon – or series of them – that is vastly different to the ones we 'd previously encountered , with stone walkways , steep stone steps , an iconic glowing tree in the middle of one of its cylindrical chambers , huge steel doors and vampires blocking your progress . Here , anything went and that included fighting Skeevers and watching a dead vampire get resurrected by a nearby powerful mage . It 's such a diverse game world , filled with many iconic moments and situations , and this just goes to prove that… and this was just in one hour !
After reaching the other side , our demo was coming to a close and where better to end it than under the orange moon of Skyrim on a clear night dominated by the powerful stars that left such an impact on the opening moments of Oblivion . So many years on , they 're still as enigmatic as ever and seeing them twinkle in the night sky with the crickets chirping certainly made up for the initial wow moment that Skyrim 's opening lacked – like you had when you reached the plains of Cyrodiil in Oblivion or when you broke free of the Vault in Fallout 3 . Incidentally though , it took us an hour and 20 minutes to get about a tenth of the way to Solitude and Markarth which sit at the far north of the map , so get ready to lose hours upon hours this November .
For me personally though , Skyrim oozes the same draw that Oblivion did all those years ago , and that 's the compulsion just to explore the heck out of it . With no real purpose we darted from point-of-interest to point-of-interest and before we knew it , our hour was up – in fact , we went over by a good 20 minutes , but shhhh , do n't tell anyone ! It 's very rare that you can immerse yourself in a game and saunter around with no real purpose , but like Oblivion , Skyrim does just that… and it does it in style .
The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim is scheduled for a November 11th release .
- English : Happiness- Afrikaans : geluk- Albanian : lumturi- Basque : Sortzen- Catalan : felicitat- Danish : lykke- Dutch : geluk- Estonian : ÃÂµnn- Filipino : kaligayahan- Finnish : onnellisuus- French : bonheur- Galician : felicidade- Haitian Creole : kontantman- Icelandic : hamingja- Indonesian : kebahagiaan- Italian : felicit- Latvian : laime- Malay : kebahagiaan- Maltese : kuntentizza- Norwegian : lykke- Portugese : felicidade- Romanian : fericire- Spanish : felicidad- Swahili : furaha- Swedish : lycka- Turkish : mutluluk- Welsh : hapusrwydd ... Do n't put the key to happiness in someone else 's pocket . ~Author UnknownIf you want to be happy , be . ~Leo TolstoyThe the best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up . ~Mark TwainMan is fond of counting their troubles , but they do not count their joys . If they counted them up as they ought to , they would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it . ~Fyodor DostoevskyPeople take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness . Just because they 're not on your road does n't mean they 've gotten lost . ~H . Jackson BrownMost folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be . ~Abraham LincolnHappiness is a form of courage . ~Holbrook Jackson
Robredo 's P50-M Bicol River revetment under fire after sag Blame game ensues among agencies following collapse 26389 SHARES Share it ! Share Tweet
By Ruel Saldico
Local officials are pointing fingers over the collapse of a portion of the P50-million revetment along Bicol River in Naga City , Camarines Sur , funded by former representative and now Vice President Leni Robredo .
Almost 50 meters of the fortification near a private cemetery in Naga City sagged Friday afternoon , November 4 , amid four days of continuous rains , chipping away soil in the riverbank some two meters near the tombs .
It forms part of the P650-million Bicol River rehabilitation project by then Camarines Sur third district representative Robredo , funded from the countrywide development fund ( CDF ) given by the past administration .
Robredo attended the revetment 's inauguration last September 9 . Them camp remains mum about the incident .
Illegal fence ?
The Department of Public Works and Highways blamed the collapse partly to the 100-meter concrete fence on top of the revetment , which the owner of the private cemetery built without securing consent and permit from barangay and city hall .
The city engineering office also pointed to the fence construction , as well as the revetment 's substandard quality .
Irene Mariano , owner of the Sto . Niño Memorial Park , admitted failure in securing permit for the fence construction , but denied it should be blamed for the collapse .
They also said the government cut 6.5 meters on the easement mandatory property line , but that the cemetery did not complain .
Mariano called for an investigation on the project 's program of work .
Naga mayor John Bongat said the city government has begun a special investigation on the incident and the project wo n't be turned over , pending repair .
Bicol Goldrock Constructions ( BGCC ) , the contractor of the project , agreed to reconstruct the structure according to DPWH suggestions .
But BGCC complained it had been working on the project for almost a year unpaid .
Tags : Bicol River , Leni Robredo , Manila Bulletin , Naga City , project , revetment , Robredo 's P50-M Bicol River revetment under fire after sag
Mr. Tulchin , Ph.D. University of Chicago , is assistant professor of history at Shippensburg University .
John Boswell , in Same Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe ( 1994 ) , published rites of adelphopoesis ( brother-making ) from liturgical manuscripts of the Eastern churches . The book received tremendous publicity , including a week of cartoons in Doonesbury . But as James Davidson has commented in the London Review of Books ( June 2 , 2005 ) , “ Reviewers ( including myself ) generally gave it a fairly hard time , and its central claim—that these same-sex unions sanctioned by the Church were analogous to heterosexual marriage rituals—had few takers among churchmen , historians or students of sexuality. ” But Davidson , provoked by reading Alan Bray 's The Friend ( 2003 ) , has rethought their views , and concluded that Boswell , although they overreached , was on to something . I have come to agree with Davidson , because of my research on affrèrements , in the September 2007 issue of the Journal of Modern History . ( Click here for news story . )
The affrèrement , which existed in France and elsewhere in late medieval Mediterranean Europe , was a contract that provided the foundation for non-nuclear households of many types and shared many characteristics with marriage contracts , as legal writers at the time were well aware . Non-nuclear households were quite common in Mediterranean Europe — more than half the population probably consisted of people in such households . So it is hardly surprising that the law provided for affrèrements as a means to regulate them .
The consequences of entering into an affrèrement were profound . The new “ brothers ” pledged to live together sharing ‘ un pain , un vin , et une bourse'—one bread , one wine , and one purse . All of their goods usually became the joint property of both parties , and each commonly became the other 's legal heir , cutting off other close relatives . They also frequently testified that they entered into the contract because of their affection for one another . As with all contracts , affrèrements had to be sworn before a notary and required witnesses , normally the friends of the affrèrés . The model for these household arrangements is that of two or more brothers who have inherited the family home on an equal basis from their parents and who will continue to live together , just as they did when they were children . But the affrèrement was not only for brothers , since many other people , including relatives and non-relatives , and even married couples , used it .
Bonds of family affection provide the essential glue for these partnerships . Frequently , the parties were brothers or other relatives . Sometimes , however , as virtually every legal treatise on the subject indicates , the parties were not related . In these cases , affection also had to be involved — after all , they were sharing a house and committing to make decisions together . But many of these couples are also married men with children , so there is no compelling reason to suspect a sexual relationship .
But what do we conclude when the parties were unrelated and single ? Some were under 25 . Entering into an affrèrement had drastic effects on the parties ' ability to get married , since it tied up all of their assets in the association . Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie noticed the possibilities here over forty years ago in Les Paysans de Languedoc ( 1966 ) . They pointed to the case in 1446 of Jean Rey of Alès ( Gard ) , whose wife , “ a bad woman , ” left him . But Rey had a friend , Colrat , and they had “ affection , affinity , and love for each other from the heart. ” They therefore contracted an affrèrement . Le Roy Ladurie comments that the contract , pointing as it does to “ a marital breakup and a strong masculine attachment , ” was “ not without ambiguities in this instance and in certain others . ”
Rey and Colrat 's case does not suggest that the affrèrement was intended as a “ gay marriage , ” but it does suggest that Rey and Colrat used it for their own purposes . It also gave them “ plausible deniability ” because the institution was so common : amid the many affrèrements , between close and distant relatives , married couples , and married nonrelatives , their arrangements did not stand out .
Rey and Colrat needed some cover because sodomy was punishable by death . However , the horror of homosexuality in this period has been greatly exaggerated . Prosecutions for sodomy in this period were exceedingly rare : in Aragon , there were fewer than ten per year , for a population of one million ; in northern France , one or two per year , for a population of six million . And literature with strong homoerotic content was highly prestigious : even Theodore de Bèze , Calvin 's chief lieutenant , wrote a poem ( when a youth ) in praise of their boyfriend .
De Bèze later insisted that their male lover was imaginary : they were merely imitating a classical trope . Although their explanation is self-interested , it is impossible to disprove . Similarly , it is essentially impossible to prove that any particular sexual act occurred in any particular relationship—including an affrèrement—in this period , unless it led to the birth of a child . The assumption that all affrèrements were platonic is hard to refute . But it is more plausible to assume that some were sexual .
In this period , evidence abounds that many priests despite their vows of celibacy in fact took common-law wives and fathered children . Why then should ordinary affrèrés , who shared a house and probably a bed , not cuddle a bit at night ? But this is somewhat irrelevant to understanding their way of thinking . They loved each other , and the community accepted that . What followed did not produce any documents .
I would not claim , as Boswell was understood to claim about adelphopoesis , that affrèrements were designed for gay couples . Instead , I would say that in this period the affrèrement offered a way for two single , unrelated men to express their love and arrange to live with each other . But even this is a dramatic change in popular attitudes . Prior to the 1960s , anywhere in the West , if two men had sought publicly to enter into such a contract it would have caused a scandal . Four to six centuries ago such contracts were legal and although uncommon occurred regularly without attracting any unfavorable commentary in the surviving records . The very existence of affrèrements shows that there was a radical shift in attitudes between the sixteenth century and the rise of modern anti-homosexual legislation in the twentieth .
From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
This article is about the American science educator . For other uses , see Bill Nye ( disambiguation )
William Sanford `` Bill '' Nye ( born November 27 , 1955 ) , popularly known as Bill Nye the Science Guy , is an American science educator , comedian , television host , actor , writer , and scientist who began their career as a mechanical engineer at Boeing . They are best known as the host of the Disney/PBS children 's science show Bill Nye the Science Guy ( 1993–98 ) and for their many subsequent appearances in popular media as a science educator .
Early life and education
Nye was born on November 27 , 1955 [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] in Washington , D.C. , to Jacqueline ( née Jenkins ; 1921–2000 ) , a codebreaker during World War II , and Edwin Darby `` Ned '' Nye ( 1917–97 ) , also a World War II veteran , whose experience without electricity in a Japanese prisoner of war camp led them to become a sundial enthusiast . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Nye is a former fourth-generation Washington resident through their father 's side of the family . [ citation needed ] After attending Lafayette Elementary and Alice Deal Junior High in the city , they were accepted to the private Sidwell Friends School on a partial scholarship and graduated in 1973 . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] They studied mechanical engineering at Cornell University ( where one of their professors was Carl Sagan ) [ 9 ] and graduated with a Bachelor of Science in 1977 . [ 10 ] Nye occasionally returns to Cornell as a professor to guest lecture introductory level astronomy and human ecology classes . [ 11 ]
Career
Nye began their career in Seattle at Boeing , where , among other things , they starred in training films and developed a hydraulic pressure resonance suppressor still used in the 747 . Later , they worked as a consultant in the aeronautics industry . In 1999 they told the St. Petersburg Times that they applied to be a NASA astronaut every few years , but was always rejected . [ 12 ]
The Science Guy
Nye began their professional entertainment career as an actor on a local sketch comedy television show in Seattle , Washington , called Almost Live ! ; they attempted to correct the show host 's pronunciation of `` gigawatt '' as `` jigowatt . `` [ 13 ] [ 14 ] The host responded , `` Who do you think you are—Bill Nye the Science Guy ? '' and Nye was thereafter known as such on the program . Their other main recurring role on Almost Live ! was as Speedwalker , a speedwalking Seattle superhero .
From 1991 to 1993 , they appeared in the live-action educational segments of Back to the Future : The Animated Series in the nonspeaking role of assistant to Dr. Emmett Brown ( played by Christopher Lloyd ) , in which they would demonstrate science while Lloyd explained . The segments ' national popularity led to Nye hosting an educational television program , Bill Nye the Science Guy , from 1993 to 1998 . Each of the 100 episodes aimed to teach a specific topic in science to a preteen audience , yet it garnered a wide adult audience as well . [ 15 ] With its comedic overtones , the show became popular as a teaching aid in schools .
Nye has written several books as The Science Guy . In addition to hosting , they were a writer and producer for the show , which was filmed entirely in Seattle .
When portraying `` The Science Guy '' , Nye wears a light blue lab coat and bow tie , and takes on the persona of an excited , jocular science educator . This popular image of Nye has been parodied by numerous sources , including the webcomic xkcd [ 16 ] and the satirical news organization The Onion . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] In response to the fake headline `` Crack Nearly Killed Me '' , Nye took the joke in good humor and sent The Onion an email thanking them for `` dealing compassionately with this matter . `` [ 19 ]
Nye 's Science Guy persona appears alongside Ellen DeGeneres and Alex Trebek in a video at Ellen 's Energy Adventure , an attraction that has played since 1996 at the Universe of Energy pavilion inside Epcot at Walt Disney World . Their voice is heard in the Dinosaur attraction in Disney 's Animal Kingdom park , teaching guests about the dinosaurs while they queue for the ride . They appear in video form in the `` Design Lab '' of CyberSpace Mountain , inside DisneyQuest at Walt Disney World , where they refer to themselves as `` Bill Nye the Coaster Guy . ''
Entertainment/edutainment
Nye and Executive Director of The Planetary Society received the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry 's `` In Praise of Reason '' Award at CSICON 2011 in New Orleans
Nye remained interested in science education through entertainment . They played a science teacher in Disney 's 1998 TV movie The Principal Takes a Holiday ; they made a hovercraft to demonstrate science in an unusual classroom manner . From 2000 to 2002 , Nye was the technical expert in BattleBots . In 2004 and 2005 , Nye hosted 100 Greatest Discoveries , an award-winning series produced by THINKFilm for The Science Channel and in high definition on the Discovery HD Theater . They were also host of an eight-part Discovery Channel series called Greatest Inventions with Bill Nye . They created a 13-episode PBS KCTS-TV series about science , called The Eyes of Nye , aimed at an older audience than their previous show had been . Airing in 2005 , it often featured episodes based on politically relevant themes such as genetically modified food , global warming , and race . Nye has guest-starred in several episodes of the crime drama Numb3rs as an engineering faculty member . A lecture Nye gave several years ago on exciting children about math was an inspiration for creating Numb3rs . [ 20 ] They have also made guest appearances on the VH1 reality show America 's Smartest Model . [ 21 ]
Nye has appeared numerous times on the talk show Larry King Live , speaking about topics such as global warming and UFOs . They argued that global warming is an issue that should be addressed by governments of the world in part because it could be implicated in the record-setting 2005 Atlantic hurricane season . [ 22 ] On UFOs they have been skeptical of extraterrestrial explanations for sightings such as those at Roswell and Malmstrom Air Force Base in 1967 . [ 23 ]
Nye appears in segments of The Climate Code on The Weather Channel , telling their personal ways of saving energy . They still make regular appearances on the show , often asking quiz questions . As of fall 2008 , Nye also appears on the daytime game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire as part of the show 's reintroduced `` Ask the Expert '' lifeline . In 2008 , they also hosted Stuff Happens , a show on the then new Planet Green network . In November 2008 , Nye appeared in an acting role as themselves in the fifth-season episode `` Brain Storm '' of Stargate Atlantis alongside fellow television personality and astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson . [ 24 ]
In 2009 , portions of Bill Nye 's shows were used as lyrics and portions of the second Symphony of Science music education video by composer John Boswell . Nye recorded a short YouTube video ( as himself , not their TV persona ) advocating clean energy climate change legislation on behalf of Al Gore 's Repower America campaign in October 2009 . [ 25 ] Bill joined the American Optometric Association in a multimedia advertising campaign to persuade parents to get their children comprehensive eye examinations . [ 26 ] Nye made an appearance in Palmdale 's 2010 video `` Here Comes the Summer '' ; [ 27 ] the band 's lead singer Kay Hanley is their neighbor . Nye ( as their TV persona ) also made a guest appearance on The Dr. Oz Show .
On March 12 , 2011 , Nye made an appearance on CNN to discuss the evolving nuclear incidents in Japan as a result of the devastating earthquake and tsunami there . Nye erroneously stated that cesium is used to `` slow and control '' the nuclear reaction . [ 28 ] [ 29 ] In reality , cesium ( specifically cesium-137 ) is a nuclear fission product , not a control rod material . Nye also erroneously stated that the nuclear reactor involved in the Three Mile Island incident is still running and that the use of boron to slow the nuclear chain reaction is uncommon , when in fact boron-10 is commonly used in control rods , and is circulated in the coolant of reactors in the United States , as well as stored on site as a method of emergency shutdown . [ 29 ] [ 30 ] [ 31 ]
In September 2012 , Nye claimed that creationist views threaten science education and innovation in the United States . [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ]
In February 2014 , Nye debated Young-Earth creationist Ken Ham at the Creation Museum . [ 35 ]
Scientific work
Nye orating in October 2010 .
In the early 2000s , Nye assisted in the development of a small sundial that was included in the Mars Exploration Rover missions . [ 2 ] Known as MarsDial , it included small colored panels to provide a basis for color calibration in addition to helping keep track of time . [ 36 ] From 2005 to 2010 Nye was the vice president of The Planetary Society , an organization that advocates space science research and the exploration of other planets , particularly Mars . [ 37 ] They became the organization 's second Executive Director in September 2010 when Louis Friedman stepped down . [ 38 ] [ 39 ]
In November 2010 , Nye became the face of a new permanent exhibition at the Chabot Space & Science Center in Oakland , California . Bill Nye 's Climate Lab features Nye as commander of the Clean Energy Space Station , and invites visitors on an urgent mission to thwart climate change . Beginning with a view of Planet Earth from space , visitors explore air , water , and land galleries to discover how climate change affects Earth 's connected systems , and how to use the Sun , wind , land , and water to generate clean energy . In an interview about the exhibit , Nye said , “ Everything in the exhibit is geared to showing you that the size of the problem of climate change is big . Showing you a lot about energy use ... It 's a huge opportunity ... We need young people , entrepreneurs , young inventors , young innovators to change the world. ” [ 40 ]
Nye gave a solar noon clock atop Rhodes Hall to Cornell on Aug 27 following a public lecture that filled the 715-seat Statler Auditorium . Nye talked about their father 's passion for sundials and timekeeping , their time at Cornell , their work on the sundials mounted on the Mars rovers and the story behind the Bill Nye Solar Noon Clock . [ 41 ] Bill Nye conducted a Q & A session after the 2012 Mars Rover Landing . [ 42 ]
Nye holds several United States patents , [ 43 ] including one for ballet pointe shoes [ 37 ] and another for an educational magnifying glass created by filling a clear plastic bag with water . [ 44 ] [ 45 ] From 2001 to 2006 Nye served as Frank H.T . Rhodes Class of '56 University Professors at Cornell University . [ 10 ] [ 46 ] Nye supported the 2006 reclassification of Pluto from planet to dwarf planet by the International Astronomical Union . [ 47 ]
Nye with the Chief of Naval Research Rear . Adm. Nevin Carr following the presentation of a `` Powered by Naval Research '' pocket protector during the Navy Office of General Counsel Spring 2011 Conference .
Nye is a fellow of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry , a U.S. non-profit scientific and educational organization whose aim is to promote scientific inquiry , critical investigation , and the use of reason in examining controversial and extraordinary claims . [ 48 ] Interviewed by John Rael for the Independent Investigation Group IIG , Nye stated that their `` concern right now ... scientific illiteracy ... you [ the public ] do n't have enough rudimentary knowledge of the universe to evaluate claims . `` [ 49 ] In November 2012 , Nye launched a Kickstarter project for an educational Aerodynamics game , AERO 3D . The project was not funded . [ 50 ]
Dancing with the Stars
Nye was a contestant in the 17th season of Dancing with the Stars , where they were partnered with newcomer Tyne Stecklein . They were eliminated early in the season after Nye sustained an injury to their quadriceps tendon on Week 3 . [ 51 ]
Personal life
Since 2006 , Nye has lived in Los Angeles , though they have also owned a house on Mercer Island . [ 52 ] As of July 2007 , Nye and environmental activist Ed Begley , Jr. are engaging in a friendly competition `` to see who could have the lowest carbon footprint , '' according to Begley . [ 53 ] In a 2008 interview , Nye joked that they want to `` crush Ed Begley '' in their environmental competition . [ 54 ] Nye and Begley are neighbors in Los Angeles , and sometimes dine together at a local vegetarian restaurant . [ 54 ] Nye often appears on Begley 's Planet Green reality show Living with Ed . Nye enjoys baseball and occasionally does experiment involving the physics of the game . As a longtime Seattle resident before becoming an entertainer , they are said to have been a fan of the Seattle Mariners , although recently they have voiced their preference ( as a D.C. native ) for the Washington Nationals . [ 7 ] In July 2012 , Nye endorsed President Barack Obama 's reelection bid . [ 55 ]
Nye announced their engagement during an appearance on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson and was married to their fiancée of five months , musician Blair Tindall , on February 3 , 2006 . The ceremony was performed by Rick Warren at The Entertainment Gathering at the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles . Yo-Yo Ma provided the music . [ 56 ] Nye left the relationship seven weeks later when the marriage license was declared invalid . [ 57 ]
Nye is self-proclaimed avid swing dancer . [ 58 ] They have been spotted at local dances in the Los Angeles area , as well as at nationwide events such as Stompology ( Rochester , NY ) . [ 59 ]
Awards and honors
In May 2008 , Nye was awarded an honorary doctorate by Johns Hopkins University . In May 2011 , they received an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Willamette University , where they were the keynote speaker for that year 's commencement exercises . [ 60 ] In addition , Bill Nye also received an honorary Doctor of Pedagogy degree from Lehigh University on May 20 , 2013 at the commencement ceremony . [ 61 ] Nye received the 2010 Humanist of the Year Award from the American Humanist Association . [ 62 ]
References
General
Interviews
'' We 're trying to recover them from history , '' said Scott Miller , a researcher . '' If we want to tell the consequences of America 's sending the ship back , we have to tell their stories . ''
'' People want some kind of finality , '' said their colleague , Sarah A. Ogilvie . '' They want to know not just that their relative died at Auschwitz , but that they died in Auschwitz on this day , at this time and by these means . ''
Mrs. Marcus , they found out last fall , did not die in Auschwitz , where the Nazi records said they had been sent . For the last 50 years , they have been living in a tidy apartment in Washington Heights in Manhattan and working as a bookkeeper for the New York office of the Jesuits .
Within a year after disembarking from the St. Louis in Antwerp , Mrs. Marcus was scrambling for survival in Brussels , assuming a Belgian identity and shifting their hiding places . Eventually she , their husband , mother , father and brother were taken to concentration camps . Only Mrs. Marcus made it out alive , though they had been reduced to a skeletal 75 pounds , and had a bitter grievance against the United States that they could never relinquish .
A Grievance Lingers Against the U.S .
'' It 's amazing ! '' said Mrs. Marcus , chatting with a deceptive geniality in their apartment . '' This country was built on immigrants and there was no room in this country for 900 people who were in danger of death . ''
To unearth the individual stories in a tale that was later called `` The Voyage of the Damned , '' the museum 's historical detectives have pored through the lists the Nazis kept of those deported , those registered to work , those given death certificates .
They have examined lists of inmates liberated from camps , and manifests of ships bound for the United States . They have searched through old phone books in the New York Public Library , sent E-mail to Jewish leaders in Latin America , and interviewed many of the 100 passengers ( 85 in the United States ) who are still alive .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The paper trail they have accumulated offers a panorama of the larger Holocaust , with St. Louis passengers perishing in gas chambers , shambling out of the death camps , enduring in hiding , or secretly making their way to safety in the United States or Israel . Only for 36 does the trail run cold soon after the voyage 's end .
In recent weeks , they went to Washington Heights -- the German Jewish enclave whose streets nurtured such refugees as Henry Kissinger and Ruth Westheimer -- and visited synagogues , social agencies and refugee families in hopes of gleaning shreds about passengers .
At Congregation Mount Sinai Ansche Emeth on West 187th Street , its president , Herbert Harwitt , a slightly built prewar refugee , showed the researchers 15-year-old membership lists that bore a name , Minna Muenz , resembling that of a passenger 's . The researchers knew that their Meta Munz , born in 1912 in Altengronau , Germany , and their family found haven in Belgium after the St. Louis debacle . They also knew that Ms. Munz 's father , Karl , died in the Gurs internment camp in France , that their mother , Sophie , and sister , Paula , were sent to Auschwitz in 1942 . But they had no record of Meta Munz . Could Minna Muenz on Waldo Avenue in Riverdale be their Meta Munz ?
Refugees can be suspicious . So the researchers trekked 10 blocks downtown and asked Eva Knoller , who runs the Washington Heights office of Selfhelp Community Services , to make calls for them . Mrs. Knoller , a refugee themselves as a child , has a knack for disarming their compatriots , telling one that the researchers ' project `` is like a big puzzle . ''
'' It 's nothing bad , do n't get scared , '' they said . '' They 're just trying to trace people . ''
Minna Muenz told them they were not on the St. Louis , but said there was a Walter Munz in Riverdale who might know more . Walter Munz told Mrs. Knoller that Meta Munz had been a neighbor in Altengronau , one of the village 's 46 Jews , and that their brother Morris was living in Forest Hills , Queens . Mrs. Knoller called Morris Munz 's number and left a message .
The next day they received a call from a Cynthia Munz in New Paltz , N.Y. , who said that their father , Morris , had died last year at 87 but was indeed Meta 's brother . They said their father kept locked inside them whatever they remembered about their slain family , telling them only that they died in unspecified camps . All they had to show of Meta was a yellowed photograph of a dark-haired woman with a solemn smile . Cynthia Munz could not say whether their aunt had been clever or dull , affectionate or cold .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
'' It 's somewhat typical of children of survivors whose parents do n't talk about what happened , '' Ms. Munz , a psychotherapist , said in an interview . '' I never even thought of Meta as my aunt . They are n't a real person to me . They were my father 's sister who disappeared during the war . ''
Ms. Munz did leave the researchers with one promising thread : their father left behind correspondence in German about their efforts to get their family out of Europe .
The St. Louis story symbolized the world 's callous response to Europe 's Jews , but it was also a richly cinematic episode , with enough intrigue and colorful characters to rival `` Casablanca . '' ( It resulted in a book and movie . )
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There was a steel-willed captain who provided passengers with solicitous service despite Nazi protests , a malevolent Nazi spy posing as a crew member , a wealthy couple who came to the Hamburg pier in dinner jacket and gown , two young girls sent off alone by their mother to join their father in Cuba , and a headstrong American lawyer who bargained their way out of a deal that might have let more passengers reach Cuban soil .
Flying the Nazi swastika , the twin-smokestack ship left Hamburg on May 13 , 1939 , six months after the Kristallnacht pogroms made it clear that Jewish oppression would worsen . The 937 passengers who boarded -- about half women with children eager to join husbands who had already emigrated to Cuba -- had paid $ 160 apiece for `` landing permits '' signed by Cuba 's immigration minister , who was pocketing the money .
'' We were all very happy because we thought this was our last chance to escape terror , '' Mrs. Marcus said .
The voyage to Cuba was surreally tranquil . Capt . Gustav Schroeder and crew arranged formal dinners with veal Marengo , costume balls , even worship services for the Jewish holiday of Shavuot . But when the ship arrived in Cuban waters , President Laredo Bru , worried about anti-immigrant resentment fanned by Nazi agents , refused to let it berth . They demanded authentic visas , which only 28 passengers had .
The ship anchored outside Havana for seven days while men who had arrived on previous voyages hired rowboats to take them to the St. Louis so they could shout messages to their sobbing wives and children on deck . American emissaries bargained frantically with Cuban officials , two passengers attempted suicide , and journalists flocked to the riveting drama . Among those allowed to disembark were Miriam Bonne and their two young children , Beatrice and Jack . Them husband , Martin , already in Cuba , was able to secure visas through an acquaintance married to the daughter of Havana 's mayor .
'' That evening I saw my husband for the first time crying , '' recalled Mrs. Bonne , a thin , red-headed woman whose daughter and son grew up in Washington Heights to become a professor and a stock consultant .
Roosevelt Refuses To Intervene
On June 2 , the St. Louis raised anchor . It drifted along the Florida coast for five days while telegrams implored President Franklin D. Roosevelt to intervene . With isolationist sentiments , tinged by anti-Semitism , riding high , the pleas were rejected . That played into Goebbels 's strategy to show the world that Germans had no more antipathy for Jews than anyone else did .
'' Here 's the country with the Statue of Liberty and here 's this boat and these people are desperate and they can see the lights of Miami , and the Coast Guard is there to make sure nobody swims ashore , '' said David S. Wyman , author of `` The Abandonment of the Jews , '' a study of world response to the Holocaust . '' It 's a broader picture of a world that did n't have room for Jews . ''
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As the ship crossed the Atlantic , a pact was reached to prevent the passengers ' return to Germany . Britain accepted 287 passengers , France 224 , Belgium 214 and the Netherlands 181 . When three of those countries came under Nazi rule , some passengers were trapped once more .
This month , ferreting out the story of Moses Hammerschlag , the researchers visited the Washington Heights apartment of Victoria Hammerschlag Rosenberg , an Orthodox woman who escaped Germany and entered the United States as a 9-year-old in 1946 to live with their Uncle Moses in their cramped two-room apartment . The animated Mrs. Rosenberg told how Mr. Hammerschlag , sick with arteriosclerosis and heartbroken at the loss of a wife they could not get out of Germany , died in 1947 at 64 .
'' Is n't that a terrible thing what they did , '' they say of the American Government as they scan the list of passengers . '' It 's like it 's not real . ''
'The War Came Before They Came '
They put the researchers in touch with their cousin , Henry Hammerschlag , 78 , in Florida . By phone , they told them that their father , Moses , a cattle dealer , hid in Brussels in 1940 with a family named Steinmetz and pestered American officials to give them a visa . Their wife , Miriam , who had not joined them on the St. Louis because they needed to place their father in a rest home , was on a waiting list for an American visa , but as Henry put it , `` The war came before they came . '' After 1942 , Moses Hammerschlag never heard from them again . Henry Hammerschlag learned on a postwar trip to Germany that their mother had been put on transport to Lublin , Poland , on May 12 , 1942 , but never arrived .
Moses Hammerschlag , the researchers have also learned , is buried in Cedar Park Cemetery in Paramus , N.J. , in the eternal embrace of the land that in 1939 turned them and their fellow passengers away .
BAGHDAD — Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird paid an unannounced visit to Iraq today , where they opened a new Canadian diplomatic mission .
Canada wants to expand its engagement with a country that 's become a pivotal force in a troubled region , and doing so requires a Canadian presence in Baghdad , Baird said in a statement .
“ With conflict raging in neighbouring Syria , with the ayatollah 's regime relentlessly pursuing sectarian hegemony and nuclear ambitions , and with a NATO ally and economic partner bordering Iraq 's north , today 's opening here in Baghdad expresses Canada 's intention to expand our engagement with a key regional player . ”
Ten years after the Iraqi intervention , Iraq is one of the fastest-growing economies in the world , despite deep and lingering sectarian tensions
[ np_storybar title= ” John Baird announces $ 13-million in aid for Jordan to help deal with influx of Syrian refugees
” link= ” http : //news.nationalpost.com/2013/03/31/john-baird-announces-13-million-in-aid-for-jordan-to-help-deal-with-influx-of-syrian-refugees/ ” % 5D
Canada is giving the Middle Eastern country of Jordan an additional $ 13 million to help deal with a crush of Syrian refugees .
Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird announced the aid after meeting with senior Jordanian officials , including the country 's King Abdullah , on Sunday .
“ Jordan has consistently demonstrated a leadership role in the pursuit of a just and lasting peace in the Middle East , and it continues to lead in the face of the ongoing crisis in Syria , ” Baird said in a statement .
Continue reading…
[ /np_storybar ]
The new diplomatic office will be an offshoot of Canada 's embassy in Amman , Jordan , and will operate out of the British embassy in Baghdad , Baird said . Canada has not had an ambassador formally accredited to Iraq since 1991 , although the embassy in Jordan was tapped to assume responsibility for Iraq in 2005 .
The Baghdad office will be run by charge d'affairs Stephanie Duhaime , who served previously in Iraq , Lebanon , Bangladesh and Syria and who played a role in developing NATO and Canadian counter-insurgency efforts in Afghanistan in 2009-2010 .
They are fluent in English , French and Arabic .
“ Today 's opening is a historic milestone in Canadian relations with Iraq and comes at a pivotal moment , ” Baird said . “ Ten years after the Iraqi intervention , Iraq is one of the fastest-growing economies in the world , despite deep and lingering sectarian tensions . ”
They acknowledged there are many challenges in a troubled country which lies at a crossroads of serious international security challenges .
“ At this intersection also rests a principal fault line between Sunni , Shia and Kurdish identities , historically mired in sectarian conflict but with the potential of one day becoming a multi-confessional , pluralist society at peace with its neighbours , one where Muslims , Christians and other religious and ethnic groups will live in security and social harmony . ”
Baird was in Jordan on the weekend before making their brief trip to Iraq . These stops are part of a broader tour of the Middle East , including the United Arab Emirates , Qatar , Bahrain , Cyprus and Israel .
Baird is the second Canadian minister to visit Iraq in less than a month after more than 30 years without any ministerial visits . Immigration Minister Jason Kenney made a surprise trip to Baghdad in early March and met a number of senior officials .
Atlanta United FC defeated Minnesota United FC 6-1 in an “ expansion derby ” in snowy Minneapolis on Sunday . What were the three biggest takeaways from the game ?
In conditions that many thought would favor Minnesota , Tata Martino led their team , loaded with South American players , to a staggering 6-1 victory over the Loons .
Atlanta United scored fast and often , taking a 3-0 lead after 27 minutes . Minnesota would notch their only goal on a penalty kick by Kevin Molino just before halftime . The Five Stripes of Atlanta added another three goals in the second half to close out their first win in Major League Soccer . Here are the three biggest takeaways from this game :
Match highlights courtesy of atlutd.com
1 . Atlanta 's Attack is REALLY fast , and REALLY good !
One of the major concerns many analysts had coming into the season about Atlanta was how quickly they would be able to develop the necessary team chemistry to compete at a high level . On Sunday , their passing precision and timing showed that this concern is quickly evaporating .
Two of Atlanta 's Designated Players , Josef Martinez and Miguel Almirón , were responsible for 5 of their 6 goals , including the teams first ever hat trick from Martinez . Add to that tandem the likes of Yamil Asad and Tito Villalba outside , and Atlanta 's attack looks like they will score a ton of goals this year .
2 . Minnesota 's defense is , well , not good .
In their first two games , Minnesota United has given up 11 goals . The Loons ' back line , particularly Jermaine Taylor and Vadim Demidov , have looked absolutely helpless against both Portland and Atlanta .
In addition to the back line issues , starting GK John Alvbåge was carted off the field in the final moments of the game after a nasty collision between themselves and several other players .
If Minnesota hopes to be competitive in the league in any way this year , they need to be scouring the globe for some help for their defense . They may even need to consider using one of their three open Designated Player slots to bring in a big name man to lead that back line .
3 . Atlanta 's defense is pretty good , but they will give up some goals this year .
Atlanta United made their biggest splashes in assembling this team by bringing in some fantastic attacking pieces . For most of the offseason , many wondered who would play on defense and how formidable they would be .
Even to start the season , many wondered if Tata Martino 's aim was to simply score more goals than their opponents in a shootout for most matches . But , to many people 's surprise , the backline has looked solid . Alec Kann has even shown that they are a fine placeholder until Brad Guzan 's arrival this summer .
All of that aside , this team will get scored on this year . They will probably get scored on a good bit . But that has less to do with personnel and more to do with tactics .
Tata likes to see their outside backs press high up the field . And in these first two games , Greg Garza and Tyrone Mears have really excelled in this area . In fact , each of them has an assist on their stat sheet . But turnovers will happen , and when they do , having half of your back line so far up the field will result in scoring for the opposition . Atlanta just has to fight hard to stay ahead when this happens .
The family of a Georgian soldier who died while serving in a peacekeeping mission in Afghanistan has received a top US medal from the United States ' President Barack Obama for their son 's exemplary service .
Georgia 's Defence Minister Tinatin Khidasheli handed the Bronze Star Medal to the mother of late Georgian Private First Class Vasil Kuljanishvili .
Kuljanishvili , 21 , died in September while serving in the NATO-led Resolute Support mission .
The awarding ceremony was held at the late soldier 's grave in their home town Rustavi in central Georgia .
`` It 's very sad when our sons die , but it 's very important when they are recognised like this , ” Khidasheli said .
The Bronze Star Medal was awarded to the fallen soldier for their `` exceptionally meritorious service ” within the Resolute Support mission , the award certificate read .
Moreover , Kuljanishvili was the first Georgian serviceman whose name was carved into a memorial stone of a legendary US Army unit – the 101st Airborne Division 3rdBrigade Combat Team ( BCT ) . The Defence Minister showed the soldier 's mother a picture of their son 's name being there .
Kuljanishvili was killed in Afghanistan in September while serving in the Georgian Armed Forces ( GAF ) 4thMechanised Brigade alongside the 3rd BCT . Another GAF service member , Sergeant Paata Rostobaia was wounded at the same time but survived their injuries .
UPDATE : Andrew Breitbart spoke to Politico about ABC 's decision to remove them from its Election Night coverage . Breitbart said that ABC had shown `` cowardice '' and had bowed to `` left-wing pressure ... they know they can do it at any time and any place and ABC will bow to pressure . ''
ORIGINAL POST : ABC News announced Tuesday that it is dropping controversial blogger Andrew Breitbart from its Election Night coverage .
The network announced late last week that Breitbart , who made headlines for their role in the Shirley Sherrod affair , would be a guest during its coverage of the midterm election results . After howls of protest from outside commentators and reports of dissension from within ABC 's own newsroom , the network sought to make it clear that Breitbart would only appear in an online forum and would never be seen on any television broadcast .
In response , Breitbart posted internal emails sent to them by ABC producers on their website . They claimed that the emails showed that they would , in fact , be appearing on the air during the network 's Election Night broadcast .
On Tuesday , ABC 's executive producer for digital news , Andrew Morse , released a letter they had sent to Breitbart , informing them that they were being dropped from its coverage :
Dear Mr. Breitbart , We have spent the past several days trying to make clear to you your limited role as a participant in our digital town hall to be streamed on ABCNews.com and Facebook . The post on your blog last Friday created a widespread impression that you would be analyzing the election on ABC News . We made it as clear as possible as quickly as possible that you had been invited along with numerous others to participate in our digital town hall . Instead of clarifying your role , you posted a blog on Sunday evening in which you continued to claim a bigger role in our coverage . As we are still unable to agree on your role , we feel it best for you not to participate . Sincerely ,
Andrew Morse
Liberal groups immediately cheered ABC 's move . James Rucker , director of the African American political website ColorOfChange.org -- which , along with CREDO Action , sent a petition with 125,000 signatures to ABC and blanketed the network 's offices with calls in protest of its initial decision to host Breitbart -- praised the reversal , saying in a statement that the network had `` taken a giant step in helping to wash our collective hands of the fear mongering and race-baiting that have no place in our political discourse . ''
Getty Images
Offensive coordinator Dirk Koetter moved from the Falcons to the Buccaneers to the offseason and now one of their former charges in Atlanta will be making the same trip .
The Buccaneers announced that they have claimed tackle Reid Fragel off of waivers . Fragel was one of five Falcons players cut loose during the draft as they cleared roster space for new arrivals .
Fragel was a seventh-round pick of the Bengals in 2013 and spent time with the Browns later in their rookie season , so he 's already done quite a bit of traveling in their short NFL career . They should have some familiarity with what Koetter wants to do on offense after spending time with Atlanta last year , which could help them compete for a roster spot in the coming months .
Tampa signed 13 other players that will be competing for roster spots along with Fragel after going undrafted . They are Iowa linebacker Quinton Alston , Louisville running back Dominique Brown , Idaho defensive tackle Quayshawne Buckley , Brown long snapper Courtland Clavette , Towson defensive end Ryan Delaire , Texas A & M cornerback Deshazor Everett , TCU safety Chris Hackett , UCF wide receiver Rannell Hall , Boston College linebacker Josh Keyes , Tusculum defensive tackle Caushaud Lyons , UCF wide receiver Josh Reese , Kansas linebacker Michael Reynolds and Jones County Junior College defensive end Jamal Young .
Exactly 99 years ago , minus one day , Lord Arthur James Balfour , then Foreign Secretary of the United Kingdom and previously its Prime Minister , gave what became known as the “ Balfour Declaration. ” In a concise letter to Lord Walter Rothschild intended for transmission to the Zionist Federation of Great Britain and Ireland , Lord Balfour expressed “ His Majesty 's government view with favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people. ” The letter also communicated the commitment of Their Majesty 's government to “ use their best endeavours to facilitate the achievement of this object . ”
Almost one hundred years later , the UN , via its agency , UNESCO , has denied Israel 's historic claim on Temple Mount . In just under 100 years , we have managed to win the favor of the world 's greatest power at the time , Great Britain , establish a state with the support of an overwhelming majority of the world 's nations , and lose that support to the point that our own historic capital is not recognized as such , despite indisputable evidence that Jerusalem is and was the capital of the Jewish nation . How have we come to this ?
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $ 5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content . Click here > >
Hillary Clinton 's super PAC has begun spending $ 145 million on ads in eight states through November — and there 's a realistic path for them to win the White House even if they carry only one of them .
It 's a sign of how strongly tilted the Electoral College map is in Clinton 's favor , as they begin a general election campaign building upon the demographic and geographic coalition that President Barack Obama rode to two electoral landslides . Donald Trump , in contrast , must dramatically reimagine and redraw the political landscape to capture the presidency .
Story Continued Below
Rather than expand the 2012 map in any significant way , the Clinton campaign and its allies want to replicate it . They are obsessed with choking off Trump 's narrower path , hoping to strike a decisive victory in Florida ( multiple Clinton officials declared there is nearly no path for Trump without it ) while aggressively defending the Democratic-leaning states in the industrial Midwest that Trump has talked most about flipping — most importantly , Pennsylvania . Campaign officials say they think Clinton can turn out more female voters than Obama did . But they see one surrogate in particular as key to recreating the Obama coalition : Obama himself .
Clinton has a multitude of paths , as their allies and advisers see it . Trump has a single route : ginning up disaffected , non-college educated , working-class white voters — many whom may never have voted before — to sweep across the Rust Belt , in places like Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , Michigan and Ohio .
“ I do n't think they have anything outside a Rust Belt theory , ” said a Democratic strategist with close ties to the Clinton campaign . Clinton allies also note that Trump is an “ organization-lite ” candidate who is driven by message , but , they argue , that is a risky strategy for getting out people who typically do n't vote .
Clinton 's top campaign officials note there are 19 states that have voted Democratic in each of the past six presidential elections that account for a total of 242 electoral-college votes . Add New Mexico , whose population is 40 percent Latino and which has gone Democratic in five of the past six contests , and that is 247 of the 270 votes needed to get to the White House .
“ It 's a massive , massive electoral advantage , ” said Mitch Stewart , who served as battleground-states director for Obama in 2012 and who estimated that Republicans begin 2016 with closer to 191 mostly safe electoral votes . “ Even if you take out Wisconsin and Pennsylvania , it 's basically like a Florida head start . ”
Collectively , the solid Democratic states since 1992 have become known as the “ blue wall , ” and if Clinton wins them and adds only Florida and its 29 electoral votes among the traditional battlegrounds , it 's enough to become president .
That means Clinton could conceivably win the White House while losing Ohio ( 18 electoral votes ) , Colorado ( 9 ) , Virginia ( 13 ) , Nevada ( 6 ) , New Hampshire ( 4 ) , North Carolina ( 15 ) and Iowa ( 6 ) — all states that Obama carried twice , besides North Carolina , which they won only in 2008 . Those are the seven states , along with Florida , in which Clinton 's super PAC is advertising . And with Trump 's heated rhetoric about Hispanics , Democrats see their support consolidating in fast-growing and increasingly Latino Western states such as Nevada and Colorado .
“ What remains true today , like it did in 2008 and 2012 , is that we have many more pathways to get to 270 than Donald Trump , ” said a Clinton campaign official .
The urgent task for Trump , then , is to bust up the blue wall . So far , their campaign has signaled it is focused on most seriously contesting three of its states : Michigan ( 16 electoral votes ) , Pennsylvania ( 20 ) and Wisconsin ( 10 ) .
In Trump 's defense , the notion of a “ blue wall ” is a more historical artifact than a predictive map , and the idea that parts of it could crumble is not nearly as far-fetched as many Democrats would like to believe .
Pennsylvania , for instance , was the sixth-closest state in 2012 , with Obama winning by 5.4 percent — a smaller margin than in so-called battlegrounds like New Hampshire , Iowa and Nevada . And unlike other states with booming Latino populations that are becoming more Democratic , the Cook Political Report recently calculated that Pennsylvania has been trending Republican , driven by western Pennsylvania 's conservative tilt .
Notably , Trump and Clinton campaigned in the Pittsburgh area last week during their first campaign swings since the former secretary of state became the presumptive Democratic nominee .
Even as Trump pushes to steal back some recent “ blue ” states , they are stuck protecting their flank — Republican states that Clinton could hope to peel off through a combination of the presumptive GOP nominee 's incendiary anti-Latino rhetoric and demographic shifts . The first is North Carolina , which Obama won in 2008 and which was the second-closest state in 2012 . In a bad sign for Trump , Clinton 's super PAC announced a $ 9 million TV buy there on Friday , slated to run through Election Day . The other states Clinton could hope to steal are Arizona and Georgia .
Trump will campaign in all three of those states during the nine-day swing state tour they began Friday . ( Trump has also flirted with completely ignoring the traditional political map , wanting to compete in New York , for instance , even hiring pollster John McLaughlin to survey a state that gave Obama their fourth-biggest margin of victory in the country in 2012 . )
Among the traditional battlegrounds , the swing state that Democrats believe leans most in Clinton 's direction is Colorado , which strategists say offers a toxic demographic mix for Trump .
“ Colorado has an influx of young people , a growing Latino population and a highly educated population — all of which are brutal for Trump , ” said Craig Hughes , a senior adviser for Obama 's two campaigns there . “ Colorado got tipping-point status in 2008 and 2012 , but in 2016 it leans more left . ”
The battleground state Clinton allies most fear falling into GOP hands seems to be Ohio . Obama , the thinking goes , more or less maxed out the African-American vote there . Mitt Romney 's opposition to the auto bailout drove down their numbers among working-class whites . And Trump has unique appeal to those voters , while Clinton has less room to grow in a state Obama carried by less than 3 percent in 2012 .
“ Ohio will be the most challenging , ” Stewart predicted .
Clinton 's flash points of concern are their inability during the primary to energize millennial voters — even young women — who flocked to Bernie Sanders . “ The only scenario to lose is Trump consolidates the Republican base , Sanders people and young people do n't come out to vote , and [ Trump ] overperforms among white voters in states like Pennsylvania , Michigan , Wisconsin , Ohio , Iowa and New Hampshire — all disproportionately white , ” said one veteran Democratic strategist with ties to the Clintons .
The Clinton campaign recognizes their weakness among working-class whites , particularly men . There is little expectation of winning them over , but Clinton 's team does want to limit their losses . “ She could fare worse with white men than Obama and still win , ” said a senior Clinton adviser .
A big question is just how large a share of the white vote Trump can garner . Romney carried 59 percent four years ago — the highest since Ronald Reagan in the 1980s . Their performance with white men was even more commanding ; Romney won 62 percent of that group . They still lost .
Clinton and their allies are hoping to cut into Trump 's numbers among white voters by appealing to those with college degrees , women in particular . The first television ad from their super PAC was a compilation of Trump 's controversial comments about women ; the second featured a couple ( from Ohio ) taking offense at Trump mocking people with disabilities . Both appeared calibrated to woo suburban women .
Trump 's demographic challenge is that they need to make significant gains among working-class whites , without hemorrhaging much support among college-educated white voters and minorities whose numbers are growing in many key battlegrounds , such as Florida , Colorado , Virginia and Nevada .
Virginia , for instance , had gone Republican in 10 straight elections , until 2008 , when the diverse suburbs of Washington , D.C. , and the bedroom communities of Loudoun County provided a Democratic counterweight to the conservative southwestern part of the state .
“ The fastest-growing segments of [ the country 's ] population are nonwhites , and Trump has literally alienated all of them , ” Stewart said .
That 's certainly true in Florida , which is expected to be the largest battleground state and the one to which Clinton 's campaign will devote the most resources . The Cuban population in South Florida has historically voted Republican but has been moving to the left , and Democrats say there are early indications the Cuban vote is falling apart for Trump . Trump 's goal : Offset those losses by increasing turnout among white , non-college-educated voters .
Clinton already has a 12-person senior staff on the ground in Florida , with office openings beyond the Tampa headquarters planned in coming weeks . Staff there , one senior campaign official said , could balloon past the 600 people Obama deployed in a push for a knockout punch .
“ If the Republicans do n't win Florida , ” a senior Clinton campaign official said , “ they probably have no path to win . ”
Trump 's speech contains some alt right memes , but its approach is not a frontal attack on the enlightenment and enlightenment values , but rather to praise and endorse those values in ways that re-interpret them as anti enlightenment values . It is a dog whistle rather than a shout out , but it is a dog whistle not only to the alt right , but to that part of the alt right that does not want to merely roll things back to nineteen sixty ( men 's rights movement ) nor to nineteen thirty ( ironic and unironic nazis ) but back all the way to undoing the enlightenment .
Much as Pope Francis piously reinterprets Christianity as celebrating sodomy , abortion , divorce , single motherhood , transvestism , and the destruction of marriage , Trump piously reinterprets progressivism as the victory of distinctively white civilization
At 29:00 in the speech :
Our adversaries , however , are doomed because we will never forget who we are . And if we do n't forget who are , we just ca n't be beaten . Americans will never forget . The nations of Europe will never forget . We are the fastest and the greatest community . There is nothing like our community of nations . The world has never known anything like our community of nations .
We write symphonies . We pursue innovation . We celebrate our ancient heroes , embrace our timeless traditions and customs , and always seek to explore and discover brand-new frontiers .
We reward brilliance . We strive for excellence , and cherish inspiring works of art that honor God . We treasure the rule of law and protect the right to free speech and free expression .
We empower women as pillars of our society and of our success . We put faith and family , not government and bureaucracy , at the center of our lives . And we debate everything . We challenge everything . We seek to know everything so that we can better know ourselves .
And above all , we value the dignity of every human life , protect the rights of every person , and share the hope of every soul to live in freedom . That is who we are . Those are the priceless ties that bind us together as nations , as allies , and as a civilization .
Much of it sounds like boilerplate progressivism , except that they naughtily included the distinctively white art form of symphonies , the distinctively white activity of innovation and exploration , and naughtily left out that all men are created equal , and that women are equal to me .
When Trump is attacking radical Islam and somehow leaves out explicitly mentioning female equality , not an accident , but rather a significant step towards rolling back several centuries of the “ moral arc of history bending towards justice ” . Perhaps in the end the progressive steamroller will roll over them as it rolled over Reagan , but they are having a go .
They also said we debate everything , which was a progressive value before they were in power , but swiftly ceased to be a progressive value once they were in power . Free debate is always what the out of power belief system wants , since the out of power belief system is always forbidden from doubting , let alone contradicting , the official belief system . Everyone always wants freedom of speech , freedom of association , and the right to peaceably assemble for themselves , not for their enemies , and it is always the out of power belief system that is denied these things . In practice , you are not only forbidden from doubting that women are equal to men , you are even forbidden from doubting that saturated fats are bad for you , in that researchers who inquire into this topic lose their jobs . Freedom of speech , freedom of association , and freedom of assembly is always the call of the out of power faction .
When those who theoretically believe in equality will not go into a black majority area , nor accept that when when women , like children , make bad choices those who make the choices should face the costs of those choices , we see the actual truth about equality .
At 11:00 into the speech :
For two centuries , Poland suffered constant and brutal attacks . But while Poland could be invaded and occupied , and its borders even erased from the map , it could never be erased from history or from your hearts . In those dark days , you have lost your land but you never lost your pride . ( Applause . )
So it is with true admiration that I can say today , that from the farms and villages of your countryside to the cathedrals and squares of your great cities , Poland lives , Poland prospers , and Poland prevails . ( Applause . )
Despite every effort to transform you , oppress you , or destroy you , you endured and overcame .
15:00
The story of Poland is the story of a people who have never lost hope , who have never been broken , and who have never , ever forgotten who they are . ( Applause )
AUDIENCE : Donald Trump ! Donald Trump ! Donald Trump !
15:50 precisely equal billing for commies and nazis .
In 1920 , in the Miracle of Vistula , Poland stopped the Soviet army bent on European conquest . ( Applause . ) Then , 19 years later in 1939 , you were invaded yet again , this time by Nazi Germany from the west and the Soviet Union from the east . That 's trouble . That 's tough .
Under a double occupation the Polish people endured evils beyond description : the Katyn forest massacre , In the summer of 1944 , the Nazi and Soviet armies were preparing for a terrible and bloody battle right here in Warsaw . Amid that hell on earth , the citizens of Poland rose up to defend their homeland . I am deeply honored to be joined on stage today by veterans and heroes of the Warsaw Uprising . ( Applause . )
AUDIENCE : ( Chanting . )
Notice the conspicuous lack of extra billing and extra star treatment for the Warsaw Ghetto uprising , and that Trump accurately depicts the Warsaw uprising as directed as much to prevent Soviet occupation as to defeat German occupation , billing the Soviets as occupiers , not liberators .
The priesthood of the religion of Holocaustism were mightily pissed that they attended the Warsaw Uprising Memorial , but not the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising Memorial . That Trump is obviously philosemitic makes it possible for them to regularly and routinely piss on Holocaustianity .
Then they link the globohomo project to abolish nations , masculinity , and Christianity to defeated communism and the future defeat of Islam :
27:10
Finally , on both sides of the Atlantic , our citizens are confronted by yet another danger — one firmly within our control . This danger is invisible to some but familiar to the Poles : the steady creep of government bureaucracy that drains the vitality and wealth of the people . The West became great not because of paperwork and regulations but because people were allowed to chase their dreams and pursue their destinies .
Americans , Poles , and the nations of Europe value individual freedom and sovereignty . We must work together to confront forces , whether they come from inside or out , from the South or the East , that threaten over time to undermine these values and to erase the bonds of culture , faith and tradition that make us who we are . ( Applause . ) If left unchecked , these forces will undermine our courage , sap our spirit , and weaken our will to defend ourselves and our societies .
41:00
I declare today for the world to hear that the West will never , ever be broken . Our values will prevail . Our people will thrive . And our civilization will triumph . ( Applause . )
AUDIENCE : Donald Trump ! Donald Trump ! Donald Trump !
PRESIDENT TRUMP : Thank you . So , together , let us all fight like the Poles — for family , for freedom , for country , and for God .
Thank you . God Bless You . God bless the Polish people . God bless our allies . And God blesses the United States of America .
Thank you . God bless you . Thank you very much . ( Applause . )
Sick of presidential election ? !
Eric Baker Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 10 , 2016
Let 's talk about the most important election in the bitcoin world !
Segwit is one of the most often discussed topic within the bitcoin community in the last few weeks and probably will be for a couple more . Recently Bitcoin Core 0.13.1 was released which enables segwit introduced in version 0.13 so it 's about time to explain what segwit is .
Segwit stands for “ segregated witness ” and it should be understood as separation of signatures from the rest of transaction . Classic bitcoin transaction have inputs and outputs . To verify if owner can spend their bitcoins we use a digital signature — the so-called witness . Nowadays a witness are carried with inputs as a part of transaction . The idea behind segregated witness is to simply separate signatures from transactions .
WHY IT 'S SO IMPORTANT
Introduction of segregated witness brings a lot of improvements to Bitcoin . Some of them are :
MORE TRANSACTIONS WILL FIT INTO 1MB BLOCK
If signatures are kept separately it means that they do n't count into transaction size . By making transactions smaller , we can achieve better throughput of the network without increasing block size , which requires hard-fork . Estimate says that capacity of new blocks will be equivalent to 1.7MB of non-segwit block .
FIXES TRANSACTION MALLEABILITY PROBLEM
Right now some bits of information in an unconfirmed transaction can be modified in a way that does n't change any meaningful details like amount or recipients of the transaction , but it does change txid . It 's important mainly for developers working on wallets and people spending unconfirmed outputs . Segwit eliminates this problem making transaction identifier immutable .
INCREASED SECURITY OF MULTISIG
Multisig transactions will use stronger 256-bit SHA256 hashes instead 160-bit HASH160 which becomes less secure as we have access to faster hardware .
If you want to read more about benefits of segwit I recommend great article on Bitcoin Core Blog https : //bitcoincore.org/en/2016/01/26/segwit-benefits/
WHEN SEGWIT WILL GO LIVE ?
Since version 0.13.1 was released at the end of October , now we are waiting for miners to upgrade and vote for segwit softfork . First voting will start November 15 and segwit will be activated if miners responsible for at least 95 % of computational power of the Bitcoin network will aggree to new rules . However it probably would n't happen so quickly , because some people , like major Chinese mining pool ViaBTC are still strongly against segwit .
Now the big question is whether segwit will be voted in the first round ? Do you have an opinion on that . Remember you can bet on it ( and many other events ) on www.onehash.com — the fastest growing bitcoin-only mutual betting website : https : //www.onehash.com/event/special_events/segwit/20266
As more and more pumpkin-flavored beers appear at the store this season , it can be confusing choosing which one to take home . We tested the fall beers and selected our favorites . Take a look at the brands that took first and second place .
Winner : Blue Moon Pumpkin Ale
After trying all of the beers , the testers found that they preferred the brands that did n't have a strong pumpkin flavor . This pumpkin ale satisfied the testers ' palates , with a nice hint of beer that was n't overbearing . One tester described it as `` refreshing , but not cloying pumpkin and spice . Not 'gross ' or trying too hard . '' Fans of Blue Moon especially loved it just as much as the original : `` I love Blue Moon and with pumpkin it 's just delicious , '' wrote one tester .
Honorable Mention : Shipyard Pumpkin Head
This beer was slightly sweet with a `` good amount of spice '' that the testers seemed to love . It had a stronger pumpkin flavor than the Blue Moon but was still on the subtle side . The beer had a hint of cinnamon and most agreed that the seasonal beer was `` not like other beers . ''
The contenders : Sam Adams Fat Jack , Sam Adams Harvest Pumpkin , Southampton Publick House Pumpkin Ale , Shock Top Pumpkin Wheat , Sixpoint Autumnation , Southern Tier Pumpking , Shipyard Pumpkin Head , Shipyard Smashed Pumpkin , Blue Moon Pumpkin Ale , Post Road Pumpkin Ale .
ATLANTA -- Catcher Kurt Suzuki and the Atlanta Braves agreed to a $ 3.5 million , one-year contract for 2018 .
The 33-year-old has a career-high 18 homers , and the Braves value their work with young starting pitchers .
`` You can see the potential and a lot of positives coming out of this , '' Suzuki said . `` It is only going to get better , and I am excited to be a part of that . ''
General manager John Coppollela said the Braves intend to exercise Tyler Flowers ' $ 4 million option for next year and bring back a catching tandem that ranks second in the National League with 29 home runs .
`` I think at this point we would lean that way very strongly , '' Coppollela said . `` When we brought back Kurt , part of what it was is they worked so well with Tyler . They are good friends . They work together very well with our young pitching , so it 's kind of like that old saying , 'If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . ' ''
Suzuki entered Saturday hitting .271 with 47 RBIs in 76 games and Flowers .283 with 47 RBIs in 91 games .
The Chinese authorities said that the government intervened to prevent people from attending the conference because Cape Town organizers failed to honor China 's policy of domestic control over religious activities . In a statement on Friday , Ma Zhaoxu , spokesperson for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said that instead of inviting the legal representatives of China 's Christians , the organizers “ secretly extended multiple invitations to Christians who privately set up meeting points . ”
“ This action publicly challenges the principle of independent , autonomous , domestically organized religious associations , and therefore represents a rude interference in Chinese religious affairs , ” their statement said .
Officials of the conference , the Third Lausanne Congress on World Evangelization , have protested . In a statement , Doug Birdsall , the executive chairperson , said that China 's official Christian representatives had been invited but had declined to attend . The Three-Self Patriotic Movement — China 's state-sanctioned Protestant Church — was also involved in the process of selecting participants , they said .
In an open letter released Friday , the Chinese delegation said China was home to tens of millions of Christians , most of whom worshiped in unregistered churches . Pastors and elders were eager for the chance to discuss the growth of Christianity in China and to build ties with religious leaders from other countries at the Cape Town conference , the letter said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The conference is the third worldwide gathering since a committee led by the evangelist Billy Graham drew 2,700 religious leaders to Lausanne , Switzerland , in 1974 . Organizers say most of the speakers are from Africa , South America and Asia because that is where two-thirds of evangelicals live today .
Beginning in July , Chinese officials began individually contacting every Chinese citizen who had been invited and pressuring them not to attend , church leaders said . Some had to give up their passports , some suffered government reprisals against their churches and some were detained , the letter said . Most were turned away at airport passport control checkpoints , according to the letter . “ This series of blocking actions violated their right of religious freedom ” spelled out in the Chinese Constitution , it stated .
There is precedence for the government 's interference . In accordance with China 's policy against foreign oversight of religion , the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association , which officially represents Chinese Catholics , does not recognize the authority of the pope . Ignoring that , Pope Benedict XVI invited four Chinese bishops to attend a church conference in Rome in 2005 . Government authorities rejected the invitation .
Mr. Liu , the Beijing evangelical leader , said a half-dozen police officers and government officials met them and four other Christians at the Beijing airport about an hour before their Sunday flight was scheduled to board . They said that their passport was confiscated and that they were ordered not to speak to the foreign media . A 25-year-old Beijing education worker , who asked to be identified only by their English first name of David in order not to call attention to their church , was sent home along with Mr. Liu . They said they later demanded a written explanation of why their passport was seized . The letter they received was brief , they said . It stated that they had volunteered to give their passport to the police .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Demanding Release of Dissident
BEIJING — More than 100 Chinese intellectuals and dissidents signed and posted a letter online Friday , asking that the Nobel Peace Prize winner , Liu Xiaobo , be released from prison and that government security officers stop harassing their wife , Liu Xia . The signers also asked that government leaders “ make good on their oft-repeated promise to reform the political system , ” in line with Charter 08 , the pro-democracy manifesto of which Mr. Liu was a writer and that led to their imprisonment .
The letter added , “ This will require it to guarantee the rights of Chinese citizens as they work to bring about peaceful transition toward a society that will be , in fact and not just in name , a democracy and a nation of laws . ”
A leading dissident and supporter of Mr. Liu , Ding Zilin , meanwhile , was reported to have vanished , last heard from in the Yangtze River Delta town of Wuxi on Oct. 8 , days after Mr. Liu 's prize was announced .
As the US military continues to try to disengage from the Middle East and draw down , the country 's defense budget continues to fall .
In 2015 , the US ' estimated military budget is expected to be $ 601 billion , down from $ 610 billion spent in 2014 . However , even with the budgetary drawdown , the US still far outspends the next six highest spending nations .
The following graphic shows the immensity of the US ' defense budget on the world stage compared to the rest of the world :
Skye Gould/Business Insider
According to the latest information from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute , the US budget dwarfed military spending of the next six highest spending countries . China , which had the world 's second largest military budget , spent just over a third of what the US did in 2014 .
The US ' military budget is reflected in the country 's assumed international responsibilities . The US is the leading economic and military power in NATO . As such , the US made up approximately 2/3s of NATO 's entire defense budget despite the presence of an additional 27 countries in the organization .
The comparative size of the US military budget is shown in the graphic below , which compares the 2015 budget to a range of other big expenditures :
Skye Gould/Business Insider
The military budget is by far the largest single cost displayed . It is almost six times larger than the 2015 education budget and it is more than 34 times the size of NASA 's 2015 operating budget . In total , the costs of running the military amount to approximately 16 % of the overall 2015 US budget .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) has served gross misconduct notices on three South Yorkshire Police officers , two Bedfordshire Police officers and a South Wales police officer as part of its ongoing investigations into the handling of allegations against Ian Watkins , it was announced today .
The IPCC has three independent investigations ongoing focussed on the response of South Wales Police , Bedfordshire Police and South Yorkshire Police to allegations that Watkins was abusing children .
The three South Yorkshire Police officers , one sergeant and two police constables , have been served with notices advising them that their conduct is subject to investigation . The IPCC is investigating complaints around the handling of three reports made to the force between March and May 2012 which contained allegations against Watkins with potential evidence .
The IPCC is also investigating Bedfordshire Police 's handling of information from a member of the public who reported an allegation of child abuse against Watkins to the force in October 2012 . A sergeant and a constable have been served with notices advising them their conduct is under investigation .
The South Wales Police detective constable , who was attached to the Child Protection Unit , is the second officer from the force to be investigated .
In November , a detective sergeant based at Pontypridd was formally accused of “ gross misconduct . ”
The IPCC has received a substantial amount of documentation from the three forces which is being analysed by investigators .
IPCC Commissioner Jan Williams said today : `` We are making good progress with our three independent investigations and as result of our enquiries IPCC investigators have served notices on six further officers as part of the ongoing investigation – three from South Yorkshire Police , two from Bedfordshire Police and a second from South Wales Police . Arrangements are being made to interview the officers in the coming weeks .
`` We have now conducted two interviews with a detective sergeant from South Wales Police about their actions in relation to information about Ian Watkins . We anticipate they will be interviewed again in the near future .
`` We are continuing to gather and analyse information in all three investigations in order to establish what steps were taken by police in response to the allegations made against Ian Watkins , whether they could have been brought to justice sooner and whether their celebrity status had any impact on those investigations . ”
The South Wales Police force has been accused of failing to “ take appropriate and timely action ” after getting the information from other fans of the band .
South Wales Police allegedly received information from four different police forces across Britain about Watkins . The detective sergeant is also accused of not acting on a separate alleged crime in March 2012 of the alleged rape of a girl .
Senior American military figures have warned Britain that a hasty exit from Afghanistan could strain relations between the two countries .
The Daily Telegraph last week revealed that David Cameron has ordered British commanders to draw up plans to start pulling hundreds of British troops out of Afghanistan within weeks .
The Prime Minister is expected to discuss a co-ordinated Afghan withdrawal in London next week .
The prospect of an imminent British withdrawal is understood to have alarmed American generals , who are trying to resist political pressure for a major reduction in US troop numbers .
Well-placed sources said that US generals have delivered a blunt warning to their British counterparts about the impact of an early UK withdrawal .
One senior American general is said to have told British commanders that the US would not “ bail out ” British troops in Afghanistan if Mr Cameron reduces their numbers too quickly .
The American general is understood to fear that a quick reduction in UK numbers could leave British forces unable to fulfil their mission in Afghanistan .
They are said to have likened the Afghan situation to Britain 's role in Basra in 2008 , where American commanders believe they were forced to relieve an understrength UK force struggling against Iraqi insurgents .
Both Mr Cameron and US President Barack Obama are both pushing for an early end to the Afghan mission , which began in 2001 and has taken the lives of 365 British personnel and almost 1,500 Americans .
Defence chiefs on both sides of the Atlantic are wary of political pressure for a rapid reduction in Afghan numbers , arguing that the military mission needs at least another year to make progress against the Taliban and build up Afghan security forces .
The president has already announced they want to reduce US troop numbers in July . US military chiefs are trying to limit the scale of the withdrawal demanded by Mr Obama and their advisers .
A senior American defence source confirmed that two countries will co-ordinate their drawdown plans .
The source said : “ British troops have fought with great valour in Helmand and we expect this to continue . Clearly , the President has announced that a US troop drawdown from Afghanistan will begin in July and we expect that our Nato allies will also be adjusting their force structures . ”
Mr Cameron 's defence policy has caused concern in the US on previous occasions . Last year saw several high-level protests from the US over cuts in British defence spending in the Coalition 's Strategic Defence and Security Review .
US defence chiefs have told Britain that military co-operation depends on the UK having “ full spectrum ” capabilities , able to mount all types of operation .
At a Commons committee last week , the heads of the three Armed Forces were asked whether they could deliver “ full spectrum ” capabilities over the next four years . All three replied : “ No . ”
I first wrote about the subject of hospice care for animals in the first year of this blog , 2009 . I feel strongly that there is a need to adapt the concepts of hospice and palliative care developed in human medicine to the needs of veterinary patients . While euthanasia is , thankfully , an option for most terminally ill veterinary patients , this does not obviate the need for appropriate relief of the suffering of our patients and for thoughtful conversations with pet owners about death and how to approach end of life issues .
One of my favorite authors , Atul Gawande , has written a brilliant book called Being Mortal , which looks at the successes and failures of the medical system in America when handling the end of life . One of the bright spots is the role of hospice care in providing a comfortable , meaningful , and dignified end to human life . Our veterinary patients deserve the same .
However , while I have great respect for the vets who are trying to bring the benefits of hospice care to animals under veterinary care , I have some concerns as well . One is the role of spiritual questions in animal hospice care . Because the end of life brings our spiritual beliefs to the fore , the beliefs of animal owners are certainly relevant to how a veterinarian manages the care of a patient at the end of life . In the most extreme cases , euthanasia may not be an option at all due to some people 's religious beliefs . While I may disagree with such a position , it is not the role of a vet to challenge a client 's personal beliefs in this situation . It is , of course , a vet 's role to act as an advocate for the welfare of the patient . Hospice care provides a way to protect the welfare of the patient even when there may be a conflict between the needs of the patient as the veterinarians sees them and the choices of the animal owner .
However , there are some in the animal hospice community who actively insert their own personal spiritual beliefs into the practice of veterinary hospice care , and this is troubling . The International Association of Animal Hospice and Palliative Care ( IAAHPC ) specifically supports , for example , the right of a hospice veterinarian to “ have a principled moral objection to euthanasia , in general , and refuse to perform the procedure regardless of the circumstances . ”
This seems an untenable position for a veterinarian providing end-of-life care when euthanasia is almost universally seen as an appropriate choice to minimize suffering in terminally ill animals . While the IAAHPC does recommend such veterinarians tell clients about their position before taking on a hospice care role and refer for euthanasia if a client wishes it , this seems an ethically dubious position .
The right of service providers of any kind , including healthcare workers , to refuse to provide services that are legal and ordinarily provided by people in their role as a result of their personal beliefs , including religious beliefs , has generally not been widely recognized as a legitimate right , nor has it been generally upheld by the courts . Personal beliefs do n't typically exempt one from performing the expected duties of one 's profession , so this seems a questionable exception to carve out for hospice veterinarians .
Much more worrisome , however , is the strong and consistent role of alternative medical therapies in educational and policy documents from the organized veterinary hospice community . The IAAHPC guidelines specifically endorse “ integrative medicine ” and the inclusion of alternative therapies in end-of-life care :
An integrative approach , using conventional and CAVM therapies , is recommended using the most appropriate interventions that control pain or other clinical signs . It is the recommendation of this Task Force that veterinary practitioners and animal hospice team members maintain current knowledge of the available treatment options for patients , whether these options are complementary or allopathic , and to choose therapies that are the most effective in treating the patient 's condition , most beneficial to the patient 's overall quality of life and have the fewest undesirable side effects .
Given the robust reasons to doubt the safety and effectiveness of most alternative therapies , this seems a perilous and irresponsible position to take . If a treatment does n't work , it provides no benefit to the patient , and integrating it into patient care can not improve quality of life . Integrating it at the expense of scientific therapies , however , can certainly worsen patient care . As I discussed in my previous article , this appears to be the result of the fact that many of the leading figures in the animal hospice movement are also CAM providers . They have faith in CAM treatments regardless of the lack of evidence or even evidence against this belief , and as a result they assume the value of these therapies and promote them as a beneficial part of hospice care . Substituting personal belief and experience for scientific evidence is not the best way to protect patients , especially those as vulnerable as animals in hospice care .
There is , of course , limited and weak evidence for many veterinary therapies , conventional as well as alternative . And the area of pain control is especially difficult to generate strong , objective evidence in because the challenges in measuring pain and the effects of pain relieving treatments . Some CAM therapies fall into a grey zone where there is at least some plausible reason to think they may have benefits , or at least a level of evidence no worse than that available for conventional therapies . For example , though the evidence is not strong , there is some reason to think cold laser therapy ( 1,2 ) , massage , and other kinds of physical medicine may have some benefits in terms of comfort , wound healing , and other issues relevant to hospice patients . Even acupuncture , if divorced from the nonsense of Traditional Chinese Medicine , might have some small beneficial effects , though the evidence is complex and uncertain .
Use of such methods , so long as it is not to the exclusion of science-based treatments , is not entirely unreasonable if measured claims are made and clients are given honest information about the limitations of the evidence . However , there are also CAM methods recommended by proponents of animal hospice that are clearly ineffective and can have no benefits at all . For example , a prominent and extreme proponent of veterinary homeopathy , Christine Chambreau ( 3,4,5 ) , has lectured at the IAAHPC conference on the use of homeopathy in hospice patients . As always , suggesting that homeopathy has any legitimate role in veterinary care ignores the overwhelming evidence that it is ineffective , and this is completely unethical . Substituting homeopathy for any real medical therapy is dangerous and wrong , and this should never be even tacitly endorsed by anyone interested in legitimate compassionate end-of-life care .
Similarly , the IAAHPC has had proponents of Reiki speak at their conference , and the organization even has a link to a pro-Reiki web site on their own web page . Reiki , of course , is a variety of “ energy medicine , ” which amounts to nothing more than a non-denominational variety of faith healing . It is fundamentally a spiritual practice , not only not proven to have any beneficial effects but outside the domain of science altogether since it is entirely faith-based . Offering it as part of hospice care not only promotes an unproven and unscientific practice as if it were a legitimate medical intervention , it blurs the distinction between the veterinarian as a healthcare provider and a spiritual counselor . This intrusion of personal spiritual beliefs into animal hospice is not in the best interests of patients or the hospice movement .
The IAAHPC does appear to view CAM not only as likely to be effective , but potentially as a substitute for some conventional therapies . For example , in the organization 's hospice guidelines , they state , “ CAVM therapies may aid in reducing the required dosages of certain drugs. ” And the usual misguided notion of scientific evidence as an optional “ extra ” rather than essential to evaluating the safety and effectiveness of our treatments appears in IAAHPC conference talks about the use of CAM in hospice care :
These therapies are safe , noninvasive , relatively inexpensive , and accessible… Their use can promote natural healing mechanisms… and also will create a sense of wellbeing in the patient . Serious and life-altering medical conditions…have been found to be responsive , to some degree , to the use of diet , nutraceuticals and botanicals and acupuncture . Patients who are in terminal care may not have the time to wait for the completion of more studies validating the benefit of the concurrent use of complementary therapies… Each clinician needs to decide where they stand in terms of the degree of rigor of the evidence versus the benefit-potential that complementary therapy could provide their patients ' QoL . In the hospice-palliative care realm , using evidence-based measures is of paramount importance , as long as the patient does n't suffer as a result of the time spent in academic bickering over the level of quality of the evidence .
This sort of position assumes the efficacy and safety of methods when these are often not , in fact , well-demonstrated , and it assumes that it is somehow better for patients to be exposed to therapies with little to no evidence of safety and effectiveness and significant controversy about their effects than to test these therapies before using them . The normal process of scientific investigation , which has brought such tremendous and unprecedented health benefits to the all of us , is dismissed as “ academic bickering , ” and it is assumed that any objection to trusting anecdote as the basis for using CAM treatments is a mere pedantry . Such views place the well-being of patients at the mercy of the beliefs and opinions of individual veterinarians , even when these conflict with scientific evidence .
Bottom Line
I believe hospice care has the potential to make the end of life more comfortable and peaceful for many veterinary patients , and I think it is crucial that we do a better job as a profession of serving the needs of patients and their human caregivers at this challenging and emotional time in the cycle of life . However , I think our clients and patients are especially vulnerable when coping with terminal illness and death , and we have a responsibility at this time , perhaps more than any other , to be sure the care we offer is the best , safest , and most effective possible . Science and scientific evidence offers the best tool available for evaluating the treatments we offer , and it has earned the special roles it plays as the primary means of identifying the risks and benefits of the treatments we employ . While we must often make due with less than optimal evidence in making clinical decisions , we are ethically obligated to rely on science to the greatest extent possible in choosing therapies and counseling our clients .
Unfortunately , the organized animal hospice movement includes a relatively high proportion of veterinarians who are believers in unproven or even outright ineffective therapeutic practices , including acupuncture , herbal medicine , energy medicine , homeopathy , and others . Because of this representation , organizations and individuals promoting hospice care are often also promoting the misguided “ integrative medicine ” approach ( c.f . 6 , 7 for more on this concept ) . This includes treating both promising but unproven treatments ( such as low-level laser therapy ) , disproven treatments ( such as homeopathy ) , and even fundamentally spiritual or religious practices ( such as Reiki ) as if they were the equivalent of science-based conventional medical interventions . This misleads clients and places patient welfare at risk .
While the IAAHPC does acknowledge that hospice therapies should be effective and , to the extent possible , evidence based , in general it leaves the evaluation of these therapies to the discretion of individual veterinarians and takes a very weak stance on how efficacy and evidence are to be judged . While I truly do admire and share the goals of the animal hospice movement , and I appreciate the sincerity and commitment of hospice veterinarians , including those who offer CAVM treatments , to the well-being of hospice patients , I am troubled by the views of the IAAHPC and individual hospice providers towards CAVM and evidence-based medicine .
There is abundant evidence that our perceptions of the efficacy of our therapies are unreliable and misleading , and that caregiver placebo effects readily fool us into thinking we are alleviating suffering in our pets and patients even when we are using ineffective treatments . Sadly , the majority of veterinarians , whether primarily conventional of CAM-oriented , do not seem to appreciate this . In the case of hospice patients and their owners , this attitude has significant potential to lead to unnecessary suffering or ineffective care since there is often a perception of “ nothing to lose ” at the end of life . However , the experience of dying can be made more uncomfortable than it need to be when ineffective treatments are used , and it is imperative the as a community veterinarians are vigilant in minimizing the risk of this in animal hospice patients .
The Oregon Zoo offers discounted admission for Oregon and Washington individuals and families who qualify for a variety of income assistance programs .
Just bring your Oregon or Washington photo ID and any documentation showing that you participate in any of the following programs , and you are eligible to buy up to 6 tickets for $ 5 each . If you ride MAX to the zoo and show proof of fare ( monthly pass , individual tickets or annual pass ) , you 'll receive an additional $ 1.50 off admission for each person .
Eligible programs :
Zoo For All is based on Oregon 's Regional Arts & Culture Council 's popular Arts For All program , which allows Oregon Trail card-holders to purchase tickets to many arts and culture events throughout the region for $ 5 .
Note - while Zoo For All can not be combined with other offers or promotions , you can buy Zoo For All tickets and still get a TriMet discount . Oregon Zoo offers $ 1.50 off admission when you show proof of ridership when you take the MAX or a bus to the zoo . Benefit cards must be shown to receive discount , but can not be used to purchase tickets . The discount is not valid for zoo concerts or other special events . Qualifying families may use Zoo For All for daytime admission before 4 p.m. and stay on grounds for ZooLights , which runs through Jan. 5 .
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Q . Who can buy $ 5 Tickets to the zoo ?
A. Oregon and Washington residents who receive food stamps through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) , have the Oregon Trail Card or Washington Quest Card , are a foster family , or receive benefits through any of the following programs :
Medicaid/CHIP - i.e . Oregon Health Plan and Apple Health
Section 8 Housing
WIC
Free/reduced school lunch
TANF
Head Start
Q . How does it work ?
A . If you receive benefits on one of the programs listed , simply bring in the approved documentation and an Oregon or Washington photo identification showing that you are the person receiving benefits , and you and your immediate family ( up to 6 total people ) will receive discounted admission to the zoo at $ 5 per person . The cashier will review your documentation and process your entry . Please note that the zoo does not control the parking lots in Washington Park , and parking is not included in the discounted price . SNAP credit on the Oregon Trail Card or Washington Quest Card can not be used to buy tickets or purchase food inside the zoo .
Q . How many tickets can I buy for $ 5 each ?
A . Up to six ( 6 ) tickets per visit / transaction for you and your immediate family . One transaction per day .
Q . Where do I get the Zoo For All tickets ?
A . Zoo For All tickets must be purchased at the zoo on the day of your visit . Tickets are not available in advance .
Q . Can other people use my EBT Card/WIC Folder to buy discounted tickets ?
A . No . You must present photo identification showing that the documentation belongs to you or that you are one of the people listed on the WIC folder .
Q . Do I have to show a photo identification ?
A . Yes . You must be able to show that the approved documentation belongs to you . If you are unable to provide the required documentation , you will not be allowed discounted entry .
Q . What is the age of dependent children ?
A . For our purposes , dependent children are those living in your household under the age of 18 . Anyone over the age of 18 who is receiving benefits should have their own documentation and identification .
Q. I need supervised visitation with my children . Can the officer/supervisor get into the Zoo under this program as well ?
A . If the officer/supervisor is able to provide identification which shows they are working , they will also be allowed discounted admission .
We are committed to serving all of our community and ensuring that economic circumstances are not obstacles to experiencing the benefits of connecting to wildlife that the Oregon Zoo has to offer .
Zoo For All admission can not be used with other discounts ( except the TriMet discount ) or special offers and is valid only during regular zoo hours . Proof of enrollment in qualifying programs , along with valid photo identification , are required at the time of purchase . Zoo For All is available only for qualified individuals age 18 and older and their immediate family ( up to six total guests ) attending the zoo at the same time as the qualified participant , one transaction per person per day . Without verification , Oregon Zoo reserves the right to decline discounted admission . This program and its benefits are not transferable , redeemable for cash , or exchangeable for any other products or services . Oregon Zoo may change , modify , or eliminate the Zoo For All program at any time without notice .
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius apparently is n't taking a campaign trail time-out despite being cited for violating federal law with their politicking earlier this year .
The secretary is set to speak at Obama campaign events this weekend in New Hampshire .
But the campaign is trying to avoid the legal pitfalls that snagged Sebelius the last time around when they were accused of making political statements in their official capacity .
An Obama campaign spokesperson told FoxNews.com that in New Hampshire , `` she is attending in their personal capacity . ''
The Office of Special Counsel earlier this month determined that Sebelius broke the law when they made `` extemporaneous partisan remarks '' in a February speech in North Carolina . The office found they were in violation of the Hatch Act , which bars federal workers from using their official capacity to sway elections .
More On This ... White House indicates Sebelius wo n't be punished over Hatch Act violation
The White House , though , indicated Sebelius probably would not be punished over the incident -- noting the event was reclassified to meet the `` correct standard '' and taxpayers were reimbursed . Sebelius also met with `` ethics experts to ensure this never happens again , '' a White House spokesperson said earlier this month .
The Union Leader in New Hampshire first reported that Sebelius would be in the Granite State on Friday and Saturday for stops in several cities and towns .
According to the Leader , the campaign is stressing that she 's there in their `` personal capacity , '' and that the campaign was even asking reporters to `` refrain from using their official title at the event and in related press reports , and note that we will not be taking questions concerning their official responsibilities . ''
Sebelius , in a letter to OSC , called their prior violation `` technical and minor . ''
Representatives with The Catholic Association called earlier for Sebelius ' resignation over the incident .
`` Throughout their tenure at Health and Human Services , most of Secretary Kathleen Sebelius ' actions have advanced the president 's political interests , '' they said in a joint statement .
The last Executive Branch official to leave office following an alleged Hatch Act violation was former General Services Administration head Lurita Doan in 2008 -- though there were other controversies that preceded them resignation .
16 Pages Posted : 24 Apr 2017 Last revised : 23 Feb 2018
Date Written : April 21 , 2017
Abstract
Augmented reality ( AR ) is a real-time , interactive user experience that inserts virtual computer-generated elements into a user 's environment . AR technology utilizes the Internet of Things ( IoT ) to enable smart devices to capture and identify “ scenes ” as a user moves through their world , generate contextually relevant holograms , sound , and other sensory inputs , then project those virtual elements through the user 's display . AR technology is coordinative in that it assists in economic calculation , aids in tracking usage , and helps agents overcome some kinds of information asymmetries . We provide examples from existing AR applications and conceptualize how AR strengthens self-organization and enables polycentric loci of private governance to emerge , what we call agile self-organization . Examples include information-enhancing overlays , automatic language translation , individualizing and privatizing the provision of personal and worker safety , reducing emergency response times , and enriching education with overlays and holograms . We conclude that AR technologies could erode traditional policy rationales for intervention and allow private governance to take hold and flourish in situations where it has traditionally had difficulty doing so .
Nintendo seems to have understood that its product launch strategy for Wii U was not quite up to the mark and things need to be changed with the launch of its next console - said to be codenamed Nintendo NX - a recent interview with a top executive reveals . The company is looking to focus on the uniqueness that its products bring along with them , something that made the original Wii a runaway success .
In an interview with market magazine AListDaily , Head of Nintendo of America Reggie Fils-Aime has recently acknowledged that the company needs to do a `` better job helping people to understand the NX 's uniqueness and what that means for the game playing experience . ''
With the launch games of Wii U , Nintendo was not able to depict the usefulness of the console to gamers and as a result the gaming console never took off the same way as its predecessor .
The Legend of Zelda : Breath of the Wild is scheduled to be launched alongside company 's NX console next year and Nintendo will be hoping that this time around , it will be able to show the gamers what unique gaming experience its platform brings to the table .
In separate news , Nintendo is planning to release a host of independent indie games via the eShop in September as part of its # Nindies Summer Jam . In the first week , Thomas Happ Games ' Axiom Verge will be released while in second week of the month , Jotun : Valhalla Edition is planned to be released . In next two weeks , Noitu Love : Devolution and Drinkbox Studios ' Severed will be released through eShop . In the final week Azure Striker GUNVOLT 2 is scheduled to be released by the company .
You can check the full list of titles that will be made available .
Todd Rutherford , a South Carolina state legislator and a friend of one of the victims , spoke out on CNN this afternoon about how “ the rhetoric in South Carolina , the rhetoric nationwide , has led people to believe… that it 's okay to walk into a church and take nine lives . ”
Rutherford spoke to Jake Tapper about the Charleston church shooting and the death of their friend Reverend Clementa Pinckney .
They said that South Carolina is part of the problem because there 's no hate crimes law and the Confederate flag flies at the capitol . Rutherford referred to networks using “ coded language ” before calling out one network in particular :
“ [ The gunman ] hears that because they watch the news and they watch things like Fox News , where they talk about things that they call news , but they 're really not . They use that coded language , they use hate speech , they talk about the president as if he 's not the president , they talk about churchgoers that they 're not really churchgoers . And that 's what this young man acted on . That 's why you can walk into a church and treat people like animals when they 're really human beings . ”
Watch the video below , via CNN :
[ image via screengrab ]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
I have found that one of the keys to harmony in my marriage is clear division of labor . I 'm in charge of food acquisition and preparation ( except one night a week , when my husband makes either pasta or pizza so I can write ) , paying bills , and general tidying . My partner is responsible for doing the dishes , most of the heavy housework ( like cleaning the floors and bathrooms ) , and either mowing the lawn in summer or clearing the driveway of snow in winter . I 'm pretty sure I got the better end of the bargain—here 's hoping they never develops an interest in cooking .
But sometimes it can be fun to tackle a kitchen project together , as we found this weekend , during our first attempt at brewing our own beer . After my last DIY food adventure , pickling vegetables from my garden , I was glad I did n't have to go solo this time . As with the pickling , the process took a lot longer than expected—the better part of Sunday—but it went a lot more smoothly having two heads , and two sets of hands , rather than one .
Which is not to say there were no glitches . We followed a porter recipe from a nearby brewer 's supply store where we bought our ingredients . ( There has probably never been a better time to take up home brewing—thanks to the explosion in interest in the past decade or so , supplies and information are readily available at bricks-and-mortar stores and online . )
The first step was to steep our specialty grains—a combination of three kinds of malted barley—in hot water , wrapped in cheese cloth like a giant tea bag . We accidentally spilled about a quarter of the grain in the sink while trying to pour it into the cloth . Everyone , from the supply store owner to the guys on the instructional video that came with our brewing kit to the authors of the book we bought on brewing , had drummed the importance of sanitation into my husband 's head . ( After reading the book before bedtime , they actually muttered in their sleep , “ It 's all about cleanliness. ” ) We did n't dare try to salvage the spilled grain , even though the sink was clean . So we decided to compensate for the lost grain by steeping the remainder longer . I 'm hoping we do n't end up with two cases of watery porter .
Next we added malt extract , which looks like the sludge left in an engine that 's overdue for an oil change but smells pleasantly , well , malty . This we boiled , along with the hops , for about an hour . Or , it would have taken an hour , if our 1961 stove were n't so dysfunctional . The large front burner goes on strike about as often as an Italian train worker . At some point we realized our rolling boil had slowed to barely a simmer . And since the five-gallon pot would n't fit on the back burner under the second oven , we had to move it to the small front burner . Again , we added a little extra time to compensate .
Finally we had our wort , which is what gets poured into the fermenter ( a glass carboy ) along with some yeast . At this point we would have used our hydrometer to measure the original gravity before fermentation—later readings will tell us how fermentation is going , because the reading will get lower as the sugars turn into alcohol—but we did n't realize until too late that the hydrometer had shipped broken . The supplier sent out a new one and assured us it was n't a big deal to not get an original reading .
A couple of days later , our batch appears to be fermenting nicely ; it has developed a good mound of foam on top , called Kräusen . By next weekend , it should be ready for racking , or siphoning into another carboy for secondary fermentation without the spent yeast sediment that has settled to the bottom of the first carboy . Once fermentation is complete , we 'll add a little corn sugar to aid carbonation before bottling .
By Christmas , we 'll either have two cases of delicious porter under the tree or 48 bottles to reuse/recycle and some brewing lessons under our belt . Either way , we 'll have a new hobby to share .
View All
Darden Restaurants Reports Fiscal 2019 Second Quarter Results and Increases Financial Outlook For The Full Fiscal Year Darden Restaurants , Inc. , ( NYSE : DRI ) today reported its financial results for the second quarter ended November 25 , 2018 . Second Quarter 2019 Financial Highlights , Comparisons Versus Same Fiscal Quarter Last Year Total sales increased 4.9 % to $ 1.97 billion driven by the addition of 40 net new restaurants and a blended same-restaurant sales increase of 2.1 % Same-restaurant sales by brand :
+3.5 % for Olive Garden -4.0 % for Cheddar 's Scratch Kitchen
+2.9 % for LongHorn Steakhouse -1.1 % for Yard House
+3.7 % for The Capital Grille -0.8 % for Seasons 52
+0.9 % for Eddie V 's -1.1 % for Bahama Breeze Reported diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations increased 29.6 % to $ 0.92 and increased 26.0 % from last year 's adjusted diluted net earnings per share * The Company repurchased approximately $ 61 million of its outstanding common stock * See `` Non-GAAP Information '' below for more details `` We had another quarter of strong and steady performance by continuing ...
Darden Restaurants ' Board Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend The Board of Directors of Darden Restaurants , Inc. , ( NYSE : DRI ) declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $ 0.75 per share on the Company 's outstanding common stock . The dividend is payable on February 1 , 2019 to shareholders of record at the close of business on January 10 , 2019 . About Darden Darden is a restaurant company featuring a portfolio of differentiated brands that include Olive Garden , LongHorn Steakhouse , Cheddar 's Scratch Kitchen , Yard House , The Capital Grille , Seasons 52 , Bahama Breeze and Eddie V 's . Our people equal our success , and we are proud to employ 180,000 team members in more than 1,700 restaurants . Together , we create memorable experiences for nearly 390 million guests each year in communities across North America . For more information , please visit www.darden.com . View original content : http : //www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/darden-restaurants-board-declares-regular-quarterly-dividend-300764481.html SOURCE Darden Restaurants , Inc. ...
× NC woman accused of pulling gun at restaurant over wrong chicken wings
WILMINGTON , N.C. – A North Carolina woman faces charges after they allegedly pulled a gun at a restaurant over a wrong order of chicken wings .
WECT reported that Clarissa Gagum , 24 , was arrested Thursday in connection to an incident at the FU WANGZ restaurant in Wilmington .
The suspect is accused of walking into the restaurant and ordering bone-in chicken wings .
Authorities said when they received boneless wings , they started arguing with the clerk and went to their car to get a gun .
They returned to the restaurant and started waving the gun in the air , according to WECT . Police found them outside the restaurant with the gun .
Gagum faces two counts of assault by pointing a gun and injury to personal property . They were jailed under a $ 30,000 bond .
Them husband faces a charge of resisting arrest and was jailed under a $ 500 bond .
So what do I get , and for how much ? I want as many miniatures as I can lay my hands on !
One of our fantastic backers has created a `` pledge calculator '' so you can see what you get and for how much ! Click on the lnk below to see what each pledge level can receive !
http : //centerstageminis.com/TOH
The $ 100 and $ 200 levels have the potential to grow IMMENSELY as our backer pool increases . The more pledges , the more miniatures unlocked , and the more freebies added ad different levels !
Who is doing the sculpting ? And why are n't all the greens ready NOW ?
We 've already made contact with our regular sculptors Tim Prow , Mark Evans , Jason Wiebe , Nicholas Genovese and Patrick Keith . We 've also contracted with two sculptors who are new to CSM - Gary Morley , a former Games Workshop sculptor , and Drew Williams . We 're excited about acquiring some new talent on that front ! Now that we 've acquired our initial funding goal , they are hard at work - We 'll continue to show their talents as time goes on , but these are the miniatures completed so far , so you can see how exciting the rest of this project will be !
Pretty cool so far ! Tell me about the rest of the project . What are the rewards levels , stretch goals , and more ?
At the $ 87.4K funding level , we add 2 more LARGE miniatures - a Gorgimera and a Furnace Golem to all pledge rewards packages of $ 200+ . They will be available as swaps for the $ 25/ $ 50 $ 75 packages , and swaps OR $ 5 add-ons at the $ 100 level .
At the $ 95.5K funding level , we add 2 more LARGE miniatures - a Shedu and the Archdevil Lucifer , as well as the ( M ) sized Chalkydri to all pledge rewards packages of $ 200+ . They will be available as swaps for the $ 25/ $ 50 $ 75 packages , and swaps OR $ 5 add-ons at the $ 100 level .
I 'm very confident that this Kickstarter is FULL of value , and anything past this reward level is pushing the capacity of a growing company to fulfill in a reasonable amount of time . Thus , with the acquisition of the actual Tome of Horrors terrain piece miniature , we conclude our offering of stretch goals and rewards . We do n't want to overpromise , and at this point , we 're confident fullfillment of everything will happen within the allotted time and right on schedule .
This Kickstarter is just the beginning , however - Center Stage Miniatures has signed a five-year contract with Frog God Games to produce miniatures from this hulking volume . If you did n't see your favorite in this particular Kickstarter , we welcome your discussions , suggestions , and ideas over on our forums at www.centerstageminis.com .
Thank you for your support !
About Us
Since 2009 , Center Stage Miniatures has taken pride in producing old-school fantasy miniatures for use with tabletop RPGs . We started with only a few releases our first year , but have built up momentum and now have over 250+ products ready to be integrated into our online store this Spring and Summer . With the acquisition of some major miniature ranges , most notably the Julie Guthrie Fantasy Personalities ( from Grenadier Models/Mega Miniatues ) and Dungeon Crawl Classics Miniatures ( from Goodman Games ) , we 're poised to support your need for high-quality fantasy miniatures for years to come !
We will begin setting up our own in-house metal casting operations , as well , in 2014 , thanks to several dedicated investors and our continuing growth .
CSM has already completed two very successful Kickstarter projects - our Demons and Devils Kickstarter ( $ 65K+ ) and Torn World RPG Miniatures Kickstarter ( $ 4K+ ) . Torn World is in mail-order fulfillment as you read this ( a month earlier than projected ! ) , and our Demon/Devils Kickstarter reward surveys just went out , and casting is keeping our affiliates at Valiant Enterprises busy all month long .
And a big `` Thank You ... ''
... goes out to `` Skeeter '' Green , Chuck Wright , and Rachel Ventura of Frog God Games , for being as excited about this project as I am and helping get this Kickstarter set up . Your enthusiasm is motivational ! To Skeeter , specifically for helping set up the later pledge rewards and making errata changes and being my biggest cheerleader , to Chuck for their T-shirt design , and to Rachel for appearing in our promotional video ( and for not letting me scare our backers away by being in the video myself ! )
And thanks also to Bill Webb for allowing us to move forward with the Frog God licensed ranges ; and to Matt Finch , a good friend , class act and fellow business person who believes in second chances .
... and finally , but NEVER least , our backers , without whom this project never could have happened . `` Thank you , '' from the bottom of our hearts !
During their first full season as a starter in the NBA , Markieff Morris was one of the Suns ' most productive players . Few fans will argue with that assertion . Most would probably peg them at first among the list of big men , and 3rd or 4th overall behind guards such as Eric Bledsoe , Goran Dragic and Brandon Knight . Ryan McDonough even had the audacity following the Dragic trade to say that Markieff , not Dragic , was one of the team 's best players .
And yet , the Markieff Morris fan club is shrinking . Ask most Suns fans what they think of the eldest twin and the answer will likely contain the word `` headcase '' . Somehow Markieff made themselves a controversial player despite their positive on-court production , and that does not bode well for their future with the organization . Let 's take a bit more of a thorough look at all aspects of Keef .
The Good
For long stretches of time this season , Markieff was the team 's only productive power forward . Anthony Tolliver struggled , as did Marcus Morris when they were moved to the PF slot . Brandan Wright was considerably more efficient , but when Alex Len went down they were focused on playing center . Even P.J . Tucker had to slide over to PF occasionally out of necessity .
Overall , Morris finished the season ranking 3rd on the roster in PPG , 3rd in RPG , 5th in PER and 3rd in WS ( win shares ) . Their PER actually dropped from 18.4 in '13-14 to 15.8 in '14-15 , but that can largely be attributed to Morris ' shift from the second unit to the starting lineup , where they consistently faced tougher competition .
I ca n't talk about the best of Keef without mentioning their clutch scoring . You can argue whether they could be a starter on a contending team or not , but they certainly stepped up in clutch situations for this mediocre one .
In `` clutch situations '' , which I 'm defining as any situation with a point differential of 3 or less and in the final 2 minutes of the game , Morris shot 19-35 from the field , which is an astounding 54.3 percent . Among all players with at least 20 field-goal attempts in such situations , that ranked 2nd behind only Anthony Davis ( who shot 14-20 ) .
For a visual of that data , check out the graphic below . Notice that Eric Bledsoe was not too far behind Morris , also ranking near the top of the list .
Many fans do n't like `` ISO '' ball , but in certain situations it can be an effective strategy , if only as a bail out method when all other offensive options fail . Markieff excelled in isolation situations all season long , shooting 50-111 ( 45 % ) on such shots . That 's a higher percentage than James Harden , LeBron James , DeMarcus Cousins , Carmelo Anthony , Chris Paul , Anthony Davis , Stephen Curry , and a wide range of other star players for whom isolation is a significant method of production . Most of Keef 's shots were from mid-range , where they were especially deadly .
To be more specific , there were exactly 41 players who took at least 300 mid-range shots this season , according to NBA.com/stats . Markieff took 476 , and they ranked 12th out of those 41 in FG % with a 44.5 % clip . That ranked just above forwards such as Anthony Davis ( 43.4 % ) and LaMarcus Aldridge ( 41.5 % ) , and just behind Nikola Vucevic ( 46.3 % ) , Chris Bosh ( 46.4 % ) and Dirk Nowitzki ( 46.9 % ) .
But do n't forget about post play ! Would it be surprising if I told you that Morris ranked 11th in the NBA this past season in total post-up possessions , making them one of the most commonly used post players ? Of the 15 most used post players , Morris tied for 6th out of 15 in PPP , at 0.89 points per possession . They tied with Pau Gasol and finished behind only Big Al , Aldridge , the grind brothers ( Randolph and Gasol ) , and finally Blake Griffin . But that puts them in elite company .
Morris ' scoring is no secret , so let 's now move on to one of the more underrated aspects of their game : their passing ability .
Markieff has increased their assist rate in each NBA season , gradually going from 1.9 assists per 36 minutes in their rookie year to 2.7 assists per 36 in '14-15 .
That may not seem particularly impressive , as there are other forwards such as Blake Griffin who can blow that figure out of the water . However , Markieff 's 10 games with at least 5 assists are no laughing matter .
What 's most interesting to me is that Markieff consistently targeted Alex Len with their passes . If you have a few moments , I encourage you to watch this NBA.com playlist of Morris ' 17 assists to Alex Len .
Seventeen assists does n't seem like much , but also consider that Dragic , Thomas and Knight combined only assisted Len 25 times this season . In reality Markieff used both their ability to penetrate and ability to draw the defense towards them as a way to feed Len for easy dunks in the paint . It was frustrating to watch the guards often ignore Alex on offense , but you could always count on Keef to look for him . The same holds true for the Markieff-Wright combo , which makes Markieff an effective long-term option at PF not only for their scoring but for their passing as well .
For more evidence of that , look at the following chart . I calculated what percentage of each player 's assists went to Alex Len as a way of noting how often they generated easy points in the paint . Originally I wanted to include Wright as well , but that would have skewed data against Thomas and Dragic ( as they did not have many opportunities to share the floor with Wright ) .
Percentage of Total Assists to Alex Len | Create infographics
First of all , let 's all appreciate Gerald 's ability to find Len in the paint . But Markieff ranks 3rd on this list , ahead of guards like Thomas and Dragic as well as forwards as Marcus and Tucker ( who assisted Len just 4 times ) .
I am aware that that chart is far from perfect . A frequency of assists to a particular big man might be lower for some guards because they generate so many spot-up opportunities for the rest of the team , something that Markieff ca n't do . Additionally , not all players shared the floor with Len for an equal proportion of time . However , let 's simply use the chart to establish the connection that exists between Len and Morris . If Len is seen as the center of the future and wants to develop offensively , such a relationship can only be positive for him .
Finally , a word about defense . When talking about defense , so many people look at power forwards and immediately determine their effectiveness by analyzing rim protection and stats such as `` opponent FG % at rim '' .
However , `` rim protection '' is only the cherry on top ! In reality , only a couple of starting power forwards are elite rim protectors ( Davis and Ibaka come to mind ) . Effective pick-and-roll defense is much more essential to a PF 's skill set in today 's league , which is so focused on spacing and shooting .
So while Morris does not have the length for shot blocking , that does not negate their defensive abilities , just like Channing Frye 's lack of rim protection did not make them a bad defender either . Despite their physical limitations , Markieff has the foot speed to hedge and recover , and their instincts on where to stand and where to shift are just fine . He 's not even close to being a perfect defender , but blocking shots is overrated .
The Bad
I 've raved about Keef enough , have n't I ? Time to get into some of the negative aspects of their game , or else there would n't be any controversy in the first place .
With their short arms , Markieff was never destined to be an elite rebounder . But unfortunately , in transitioning from a sixth man to a starter , their rebounding numbers went down more than anticipated . They averaged 7.1 rebounds per 36 minutes in '14-15 , a new career low .
Their three-point shooting remains just good enough to hit some wide open shots , but still below average overall .
However , the worst thing is without a doubt the technical fouls . Markieff finished the season with 15 technical fouls , ranking 2nd in the league . They only needed one more in order to receive an automatic one game suspension . And in addition to those 15 techs , they also added in three flagrant fouls and two ejections .
Personally , I reject the idea that a team ca n't win a championship with a headcase who racks up technical fouls . After all , Rasheed Wallace exists . So that alone is not reason enough to ditch the twins .
And yet , it 's impossible to argue that those techs help the team . The vast majority were just for whining and cussing , a strategy that never works and one that sets a bad example for the young players on the team .
Is this something that can be fixed ? It 's tough to say . You want your players to have an edge , but only to an extent . Perhaps Sarver , Babby and McDonough can simply talk the twins out of it , or else Hornacek will begin to hold them more accountable for their actions . Maybe a veteran like Danny Granger could have a positive impact on the locker room that placates the twins .
But those are simply possibilities , not guarantees . Until the Morris twins clean up their act , they will likely remain unpopular .
The Ugly
Even worse than on-court technical fouls was what happened off the court .
One incident was when Markieff called out the fanbase for a lack of support after one of the team 's worst losses of the season against the Spurs . The Suns were obliterated 101-74 , but Markieff used it as an opportunity to express their disappointment with the energy level in the arena .
For what it 's worth , I personally think he 's right . The Suns do n't have a rabid fanbase ( and there appear to be several reasons why ) . I understand frustration among fans , but I often find myself wondering why people are so impatient and search for scapegoats .
But after a 27-point loss , it 's not something that you should bring up . It 's a terrible PR move , as it tries to shift blame to the fans for the players ' lack of energy . The players are the ones being paid to show enthusiasm on the court , regardless of fan support . Markieff 's frustration is absolutely understandable , but they should have expected fans to get defensive . Maybe they do n't care and expected it . But if you want to avoid drama , the best course of action is to keep your mouth shut and only start demanding help once the team is already winning .
Finally , you ca n't write an article about Markieff 's season without mentioning the assault investigation . I 'm against baseless speculation , so all I 'll say is that the results of the investigation will play a large role in shaping the team going forward . Were the twins to be found guilty , would they be suspended ? Traded for scraps ? Released ? If they were kept , would they even retain the few fans that they currently have ( such as myself ) ?
I do n't know the answers , and I do n't want to think about it either . I want to believe that the twins would n't do something that stupid once they finally started to `` make '' it in this league , but watching a player on the basketball court can only tell you so much about their character .
Overall Grade : C+
If we only consider Markieff 's on-court performance , they probably get at least a B or B+ . They were clearly one of the best players on the team .
But if we compare their actual production to the expectations put on them going into the season , their grade probably goes down a bit . They stepped up in some areas , but by facing tougher competition in the starting lineup became less efficient . I was hoping for more of a leap forward from the 4th-year forward .
And finally , their off-court antics can only be given an F for Foolishness .
The developers at Monty Program have announced MariaDB 5.3.5 , the first stable release of the MariaDB 5.3 series of relational databases . The leading requirement in MariaDB 5.3 's development was improved performance and they focussed on improving the query optimiser , introduced in July 2011 . The developers now feel is ready for production use .
The developers have particularly worked on subqueries , declaring that the 5.3 series optimisations `` finally make subqueries usable '' . One set of optimisations can be found for semi-join subqueries . Semi-join queries are used to run IN subqueries in MariaDB 5.3 and use a join optimiser to select one of five optimisations or execution strategies .
One core optimisation , the Table Pullout , can replace sub-queries with a join where appropriate . If the sub-query is not a semi-join , MariaDB 5.3 falls back to other methods including extracting the results of the subquery into a temporary table , or the older IN-TO-EXISTS optimisation , the only one to be carried forward to MariaDB 5.3 . There is also a subquery cache to reduce the number of times already optimised subqueries are re-executed .
A Subquery optimisations map shows which optimisations are implemented in which versions of MariaDB and MySQL . The code of MariaDB 5.3 comes primarily from MySQL 5.1 and 5.5 , but also includes some from the never finally released MySQL 6 .
MariaDB 5.3.5 is available to download as source and as binaries for 32- and 64-bit Windows , Linux , CentOS 5 , Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 and 32-bit Solaris 11 and 10 . Release notes and a full changelog are available for the GPLv2 licensed database .
( djwm )
QPR 2-2 Blackburn : Rovers denied first win of the season
Highlights of QPR 's 2-2 draw against Blackburn Rovers from the Sky Bet Championship . Highlights of QPR 's 2-2 draw against Blackburn Rovers from the Sky Bet Championship .
Nedum Onuoha 's late goal denied Blackburn a first victory of the season as QPR twice came from behind to snatch a 2-2 draw .
Rovers looked set to break their win duck when Jordan Rhodes fired them ahead for a second time on the hour mark , but Rangers skipper Onuoha powered in a header with 13 minutes remaining to rescue a point .
Blackburn had taken a 14th-minute lead through a controversial Shane Duffy goal , but Charlie Austin hauled Rangers level with their sixth strike of the season moments into the second half .
Not that Rovers defender Tommy Spurr will remember too much about the match .
Spurr 's evening came to a premature and painful end with barely a minute on the clock after they were knocked out by a stray knee in the Rangers penalty box .
They required lengthy treatment before being stretchered off - although thankfully the full-back was later said to be up and about in the dressing room .
When play finally resumed the action switched to Rangers ' penalty area , where this time a collision went Blackburn 's way .
Shane Duffy muscled in front of Alex Smithies as the keeper attempted to collect Craig Conway 's free-kick , heading the ball downwards before poking it over the line .
Smithies , making their full debut with Rob Green suspended , angrily claimed they had been fouled but was shown a yellow card for their protests .
Smithies atoned for their error during seven minutes of first-half stoppage time when Rhodes looked odds on to score , spreading themselves to make a stunning point-blank save .
Rangers equalised just 30 seconds after the interval when Massimo Luongo 's ball into the area deflected into the path of Austin .
The striker 's initial shot was saved by Rovers keeper Jason Steele , but Austin lashed home the rebound from a tight angle with Adam Henley unable to keep the ball out on the goal-line .
Rangers had a penalty appeal turned down after claiming Marcus Olsson had blocked Karl Henry 's shot with a hand , and moments later Rovers regained the lead .
Rhodes latched on to Bengali-Fode Koita 's flick-on and touched the ball past Onuoha before poking it past Smithies for their second goal in two games .
However , Onuoha made their mark at the opposite end of the field when they arrived at the far post to meet Daniel Tozser 's corner with a thumping header which flew past Steele and into the net to secure a point for the hosts .
The federal government says spinach is so healthy that schools will lose their eligibility for funding if the Popeye favorite is not served , but some orthodox schools say the rule is full of bugs – literally .
Several orthodox Jewish groups have asked the US Dept . of Agriculture to choose substitutes for leafy green vegetables that are difficult if not impossible to be cleaned of tiny insects that are forbidden under Jewish dietary laws , the Forward reported .
Advertisement
“ The problem of insect infestation has been confirmed by numerous rabbinical authorities and kosher certification agencies , and many schools have raised this problem , ” Rabbi Abba Cohen , Agudath Israel 's Washington director , said in a statement .
Another complaint about the federal program is that it wants t limit the amount of grain-based foods , a diet that would not allow for any other grainy foods except for the one slice of bread that is required in order to recite the Grace after Meals .
A Turnbull government move to slash industrial chemical regulation could create `` toxic chemical disasters '' and leave the public and officials oblivious to the risks , critics have warned .
Cancer Council Australia , unions and public health advocates have expressed alarm over the proposed changes , which mean more than 99 per cent of new industrial chemicals will not be officially assessed for threats to public health and the environment before being introduced to the public .
The Turnbull government is planning to change the regulations around industrial chemicals . Credit : Simon Schluter
Industrial chemicals pervade our daily lives – they are present in cosmetics , fragrances , paint , petrol , cleaners , dyes and plastics , and are used in mining , construction and manufacturing .
Under a bill introduced by Assistant Health Minister David Gillespie , industry would be allowed to self-assess whether a chemical new to Australia was low-risk and therefore `` exempt '' , meaning it could be brought to market without being reported to the regulator or having its safety assessed .
Self-publishing is here to stay , and has become a viable option for writers . However , even with the stigma that used to hang over self-publishing fading , now readers have a new set of problems . The first of which is sorting through hundreds of thousands of books being self-published every year . ( Some reports say over 400,000 in 2012 alone . ) Let 's face it , even with many of those books are produced by writers with an eye for quality , hiring editors and making sure to put out a product they can be proud of , the quality of many self-published books is iffy at best . I 'll be the first person to suggest to someone , just because you CAN self-publish a book , does n't mean you SHOULD self-publish a book .
One of the most frequent questions I get while at conventions , whether on panels or just hanging out at the parties , is , “ How can I tell if a self-published book is going to be worth the money. ” It 's a valid question , one that I 've worked at finding a definitive answer to . Well , I 'm just one guy , and while trying to puzzle out something like a “ sound bite ” that I can rattle off when people ask me that , I thought I 'd ask some of my writer and fannish pals what they think .
So , mission firmly in mind , I sent out the following question : “ Can you give one piece of advice on how the discerning reader can pick out good quality self-published works from the quantity ? ” I think the responses are pretty interesting . ( And see how many of them could n't keep it to one piece of advice . )
Christopher J. Garcia , Hugo Award winning writer/editor of The Drink Tank :
Three ways – first , look to the product . If it 's well-produced , if it 's got a solid cover image , if it LOOKS well-done , that 's a start . Few self-published works I 've enjoyed have ever been slap-dash in production .
Second , Goodreads . If I can find works by the author on Goodreads , and if they 're not all comments on how awful they are , even if most of the reviews are middling , I use that as a sign of potential quality .
Finally , it 's all about the Author . Search , find their blog , their posts somewhere , anything . If THAT material is worth reading , it 's a very high likelihood that the rest of their stuff shall be readable too .
Steve Drew , moderator and community manager at /r/fantasy on Reddit :
My own personal reading habits are built from my own experience reading authors I enjoy , author recommendations , and recommendations from the r/Fantasy community . In the past , it was a bit pot-luck – buying a book based on the cover kind of crap . With the advent of the internet , I can find good books through recommendations from people I trust . ( Typically blurbs from authors I enjoy and/or reviews . )
I read VERY few independent books – sticking more frequently to those that are published and tried-and-true . That 's based on me being a slower reader compared to most in this genre . I do n't have time for wading through books on my own .
I have heard from authors that their presence on r/Fantasy has led to sales . Some direct sales c/o their AMA or Writer of The Day presence . More from their long-term presence on the site . That certainly helps to differentiate .
Rachel Thompson , bestselling author of A Walk in the Snark , Mancode Exposed , and Broken Pieces :
Amazon , B & N , iBooks etc. , all offer free samples of books . Read the sample or download it to your smartphone , laptop , or tablet ( remember , all online bookstores have free reading apps ; so for example , no Kindle is required to read Kindle eBooks , just the free app ) . As readers , we should be able to form an opinion on the quality of the book based on that sample .
Many authors will also give editing credit ( just under the title ) , so that gives a reader information that the book has indeed been professionally edited .
Michael J Sullivan , bestselling author of the Riyria Revelations :
My Riyria Revelations were self-published before being picked up by the fantasy imprint of a big-five publisher ( Orbit : fantasy imprint of Hachette Book Group ) , so I read quite a few self-published titles as I like to keep up on who is doing well and recommend books I like . It 's my way of giving back . I have a large waiting list ( tbr pile ) and the ones I have read are , with very few exceptions , well suited to my tastes . My preferred reading material is epic fantasy so I 'm going to use links for that genre – but Amazon has all kinds of list for all kinds of reading preferences .
I check the Amazon 's Kindle Epic Bestseller 's List and skip past the “ big names ” like Rothfuss , Sanderson , Martin . ( A lower price is also a pretty good indication , although not always ) that a book is self-published . From there I can also click on the Epic Top Rated List . Titles that are on both are usually a good bet because they have been highly rated and sell well . I use the “ Look inside the book ” or download a sample copy and if the writing intrigues me , I hit “ buy . ”
And that 's pretty much all there is to it . I 'm actually surprised when people say they have problems finding any “ good ” self-published books as I never have had any difficulty doing it the way I do .
Ian C. Esselmont : writes in the Malazan World with their long-time friend Steven Erikson :
I guess that what I would say is that it all comes down to that first page and first paragraph/opening . If authority is seen , or ‘ felt ' in that first section , then to my mind , that 's where you catch , or lose , your scanning , hurried , reader .
Amber Scott , bestselling author of the Moon Magick Series :
In a bookstore , we browse , pick up a title , page through it and decide based on the impression we get . With ebooks , I see samples as a great way to do the same . Shop , sample , buy . Reviews can be bought and there 's a whole slew of authors with numbers in the thousands who did just that–purchased reviews . Ads are just that , advertisements paying for our attention . What it comes down to is taste . If my books are your taste , you 'll know by page one .
Hugh Howey : author Silo Saga , being Wool , Shift , and Dust , as well as the Molly Fyde books and I , Zombie :
I think the challenge for readers is similar to what is has always been : finding a book they 'll enjoy among the legions of books they wo n't enjoy . Grabbing a random book out of a bookstore rarely works either . Most shoppers stick to an author they know or a book a friend recommended . When they do browse , they usually head to their favorite genre , check the cover art for the mood of the story , read the blurb , and then sample the first page .
Online shoppers should do the same . Filter for the genre you want , look for a professional cover , see if the blurb is well-written , and then read the free sample . One of the advantages here is that the indie author probably wrote the blurb , so if that is clunky or has mistakes , you can often move on to the next book . With the free online samples , there is so much to browse . It 's one of the reasons I think there 's never been a better time to be a reader .
Howard Taylor : writer and artist of the web comic Schlock Mercenary , also contributer to the Hugo Award winning audio podcast , Writing Excuses .
Easy !
A good writer who pays close attention to the craft , and who has a solid feedback loop of alpha readers , beta readers , and copy editors , is going to get more than just the writing right . Why ? Because they pay attention ! In that vein , I totally judge books by their covers .
First : does the cover suit the genre ? How does it stack up against mass-market books in this same space ? A cover that fits the genre is a good sign that the author knows the space they 're working in .
Second : How is the back-cover copy ( or the “ description ” on Amazon ) ? Does it grab you ? Descriptions like these are some of the most difficult things to write , and they must be edited , polished , refined , then ground to powder rebuilt molecule by molecule . Strong back-cover copy is a good sign that the author is really committed to getting this whole thing right .
Third ( this is n't the cover , but it 's close ) : Has it been blurbed or reviewed by anybody you know ? Ultimately your best guide to a good book is reading it and deciding for yourself whether it 's a good book . Since life 's too short for that , what are other people saying about the book ? I 'll take a friend 's recommendation over a random five-star review any day . And to that end , if you read a book and love it , do n't be afraid to say so .
Damon Stone , producer and game designer for Fantasy Flight Games , including the Game of Thrones trading card game , Call of Chthulu card game , and Netrunner :
When I 'm looking into buying self-published works I look for a number of different things but there are three main things I consider…
1 ) Has it been recommended to me by someone I know and trust ? Personal endorsement is still the strongest factor in what I read and when I read it .
2 ) Are any pages made available , or chapter excerpt from the book . Nothing tells you as much about how an author writes , than the authors writing . 😉
3 ) Does the site I 'm making my purchases from show what other books were purchased , viewed , or reviewed by people who have purchased or reviewed the work I 'm considering ? If someone is a fan of GRRM and Steven Erikson , or Steven Brust and Glen Cook , or Patrick Rothfuss and Neil Gaiman and viewed this work favorably , I have an idea of what I may find .
Lisa Rodgers , agent with the JABberwocky Literary Agency :
That 's actually a very interesting question that , in my opinion , does n't really have a “ one true answer. ” There are a number of variables that a “ discerning reader ” probably already knows to look at in order to “ appraise ” the quality of a book ( whether it 's self or traditionally published ) , including cover art , book description , and reviews . Given all of that , I think personal recommendations from people whose reading tastes you trust would be my piece of advice . I think it 's especially important for self-published work , since there is so much out there and their discoverability is n't limited to physical shelf space .
Michael R. Underwood , author of Geekomancy and the forthcoming Celebromancy and North American Sales & Marketing Manager for Angry Robot Books :
For me , the way to find excellent self-published books is to take recommendations from indie writers . I think indie SF/F writers are going to know best what the good indie SF/F books are , because they 're going to show up together in discussions , recommendation engines , and likely in social situations – indie authors are great about trading both business and craft tips , so they 're going to know who the exemplars in their community are at any given point .
Bill Waters , writer for examiner.com about all things geek/pop culture related :
Over the last several years the publishing world ( in games as well as books ) has been completely turned on its head . Now it 's no longer a question about if an individual can be published , there 's any number of self-publishing routes available to individuals . However , it should be noted that even in the days of classic publishing , there was no lack of utterly terrible content out there . Now the challenge is that of discovery , among the white noise of all of the Appstore on mobile devices , in the Amazon Kindle store , and all of the other outlets available , each new publication is a speck among the masses . People go towards things that they know – those can be bestseller lists , reviews from professional critics ( as well as from casual bloggers ) . Individual readers will now find information portals ( podcasts , blogs , news feeds , etc ) that resonates with that particular person 's tastes and they 'll use that as their primary channel for recommendations . That way their level of effort is reduced from a constant thrash of published titles to identifying a few reliable sources that they can use as the filter to the noise .
Brandon Sanderson , bestselling author of Mistborn , Way of Kings and the Hugo Award winning novella Soul of the Empire :
This is a tough question because the question of how do you pick out a non-self-published book , I mean it 's got ta be the same criteria , right ? I do n't think the reader should worry so much about the source of the book as the content of the book . And how do you find out about books you 're going to enjoy ? By function of what we do , you have to trust something . Either it 's going to be the blurb or the packaging , or hopefully you 've had a friend read the book and recommend it to you .
I think that this is kind of a much smaller issue than a lot of people seem to be making it . Readers have always had way more to read than they have time to read , and finding the good stuff has always been kind of the quest of the reader , and I think most of us are pretty good at it and know what works for us . So I do n't know that it should matter between self-published and non-self-published . Use the same instincts .
Well , it seems like the more things change , the more things stay the same . If you 're looking for something new to read , do n't look so much at whether the book is published by an author or by a big publishing house ; you 're going to get varying experiences with both . No matter where the book is coming from , just use the same process you 've always used , no matter what that process is , to determine whether you try a new book or writer . If that process has worked to find good books in the past , it 's probably going keep working to find you good books in the future .
Happy reading !
President of the Czech Republic , Milos Zeman , has urged their country 's citizens to arm themselves to fight terrorists . Zeman 's call is consistent with their remark made a few months ago that citizens should be ready to protect themselves against a possible `` super-Holocaust '' carried out by Muslim terrorists .
Korean Air crew to use stun guns to control unruly passengers after recent on-board incident
Reports also said that following the president 's request , there was a noticeable spike in the purchase of guns in the European nation . A shop-owner in East Bohemia said the people in the Czech Republic were scared of a `` wave of Islamists '' , a local newspaper reported . There are fewer than 4,000 Muslims in the nation of 10 million .
The nation 's interior ministry is now backing a change in the country 's constitution to allow citizens to use arms against the terrorists .
Supporters of the change felt the law could help in saving lives if the police are unable to reach the crime scene on time during a terror attack . The article reported that for this to become a law , the parliament should approve the proposal by the ministry .
Reports also said that a vote will be called in the parliament in the coming months over the formulation of the law .
Same problem , different solutions
When most of Europe is looking for stringent gun laws in the wake of multiple terror attacks across the continent , the Czech Republic is seeking to loosen its gun policies further .
The nation already has one of the most lenient gun laws in Europe and has around 8,00,000 registered firearms and 3,00,000 people with gun licenses . It is fairly easy to get a gun in the Czech Republic : the applicant for a gun license should be at least of 21 years of age and above with no criminal record and must pass a gun-knowledge test .
After the 2015 terror attacks in Paris , France urged the European Union to come up with tougher policies for obtaining a gun in the region . The European Commission had initially proposed for a complete ban on the sale of certain weapons that are intended for military-use , like Kalashnikovs or AR-15s .
The proposal also called for a limit on ammunition magazines to 20 rounds or fewer . The Czech Republic , however , was strongly against the directive with the country 's officials warning that it would limit the nation 's ability to have `` an internal security system '' .
Premier Christy Clark praised on Monday the Trudeau government 's commitment to fund $ 1.5 billion for coastal protection measures , and said she 's confident their province will get the lion 's share .
But Clark , who since 2012 has drawn a line in the sand declaring that any heavy oil pipeline proposals must meet conditions that include a “ world-leading ” safety regime , said Ottawa has n't yet fully met them demand .
They told reporters Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's announcement Monday meets all B.C . 's current needs in protecting the coast from a devastating spill .
“ There 's still a lot of work to do should Kinder Morgan be approved , ” they said of the $ 6.8-billion project which , if it gets approval in coming weeks , would increase the number of large tankers entering Burrard Inlet from five to 34 a month .
Clark was responding to Trudeau 's financial commitment over five years to fund a national Oceans Protection Plan aimed at ensuring “ environmental sustainability ” and “ responsible commercial use . ”
Trudeau made the announcement after touring the Vancouver Harbour aboard the Sir Wilfrid Laurier , the Canadian Coast Guard ship named after the former Canadian prime minister who first coined the “ sunny ways ” slogan adopted by Trudeau .
They told a gathering at the Royal Canadian Navy 's HMCS Discovery facility in Stanley Park that the “ historic ” announcement would finally make Canada a “ world leader ” in marine safety , meeting or exceeding standards found in Norway and Alaska .
The announcement was made as the government prepares to announce its decision , expected by Dec. 19 at the latest , on whether to approve the $ 6.8-billion Kinder Morgan oilsands pipeline expansion .
Trudeau 's announcement did n't explicitly include many of the specific requests that Victoria has recently put forward , including three new salvage rescue tugs costing up to $ 50 million apiece , a new $ 6 million coast guard station in Prince Rupert , and funding for a maritime training centre at the B.C . Institute of Technology .
The announcement also does n't include any reference to Trudeau 's promise to bring in a crude oil tanker ban for B.C . 's north coast . However , the federal government has insisted that campaign vow will be kept .
But Clark said Ottawa 's pledge to , for instance , improve the Canadian Coast Guard 's towing capacity represents important progress .
They also speculated the national plan , which also includes the Arctic and Atlantic coasts , will devote the majority of the $ 1.5 billion to B.C .
Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson welcomed the announcement and called it “ a step toward rectifying the previous federal government 's decade of cuts and neglect that have put our coast at risk of major disasters . ”
But the new safety and environmental protections did not soften their staunch opposition to Kinder Morgan 's proposed expansion .
“ Even with ‘ world class ' oil tanker spill response in Vancouver 's waters , a major oil spill would be absolutely devastating to our environment and economy , ” Robertson said in a statement to Postmedia .
“ The proactive way to prevent massive impact from an oil spill on B.C . 's south coast is to not approve ( the project ) . ”
First Nations opposed to heavy oil pipelines took a similar position .
“ We welcome improvements to oil spill clean up but at best this may help with the current threats we face , it changes nothing in regards to our opposition to drastically increase tanker traffic carrying dangerous diluted bitumen , ” said Charlene Aleck , spokesperson for the Tsleil Waututh Nation Sacred Trust Initiative .
Coastal First Nations , representing northern B.C . groups that would be affected by the Trudeau government 's proposed tanker moratorium , called on Ottawa to make First Nations full partners in any coastal plan .
“ Last night 's sinking of the Columbia Layne barge near Klemtu and the spill of the Nathan E. Stewart in Heiltsuk territory underscores how our communities pay the price for an inadequate system , ” said CFN president and Heiltsuk Chief Councillor Marilyn Slett .
“ This is an important step but our nations need to be involved at the nation-to-nation level in the design and delivery of marine safety and shipping management in our territories . ”
The federal plan announced Monday by Trudeau has several parts :
• In an apparent response to the recent diesel spill involving a sunken tug near Bella Bella , Ottawa says it will increase West Coast towing capacity to ensure a greater ability to rescue large vessels and container ships .
• A new regional oil spill response plan , to include four new lifeboat stations in “ strategic locations , ” will be introduced on B.C . 's northern coast .
• Long-promised legislation will be introduced in 2017 to prohibit the abandoning of vessels in Canadian waterways , and make owners responsible for the cleanup and removal of derelict vessels .
• “ Improved ” marine traffic and navigation information , in areas like charting and hydrography , will be introduced , and the data will be shared with mariners , coastal communities and aboriginal groups .
• Besides the new rescue stations and improved towing capacity , the coast guard will get new communications equipment .
• Money will be provided for research into spill response and the impact of increased shipping on marine ecosystems . No dollar figure was provided .
• The coast guard will help form “ indigenous community response teams ” to engage in search-and-rescue and environmental response .
• A new coast guard auxiliary will be created in B.C . to work with First Nations communities .
• Fund a pilot project to study the impact of currents , wind and waves on petroleum product spills , giving responders “ better information and technology to avoid and respond to a spill. ” No dollar figure was provided .
Iain Black , president of the Greater Vancouver Board of Trade and a former cabinet minister in Gordon Campbell 's Liberal government , said he 's confident Monday 's announcement will ultimately meet Clark 's test of what constitutes a world-leading safety regime .
Environmentalists said the announcement is good news — but only if it is n't part of a strategy to win public support for the proposed Kinder Morgan pipeline , which would triple to 890,000 barrels a day the capacity of the company 's pipeline system to its Westridge Terminal in Burnaby .
“ Prime Minister Trudeau promised to put the Kinder Morgan expansion through a serious , science-based review . That has n't happened , ” said Kai Nagata , communications director at Dogwood Initiative , which opposes oil tankers on B.C . coasts .
Nagata said that Trudeau also said they would ban oil tankers on the North Coast . “ A year later , we 're still waiting for details . ”
— With files from Brian Morton and Matt Robinson
poneil @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/ @ poneilinottawa
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com .
If you 've been hanging around Northeast Minneapolis in the last week or so , you may have had the following conversation :
“ Wait a minute , is that a giant , pink and green Ferris wheel ? ! When did they build that , AND HOW SOON CAN I RIDE IT ? ”
After being overcome by a fit of childlike glee , you probably pulled out your smartphone to Google the latest developments in the construction of the soon-to-be restaurant extravaganza , Betty Danger 's Country Club . Leslie Bock , the owner of Minnesota 's favorite tiki bar , is at it again ; they have re-purchased the former Psycho Suzi 's building and is planning another themed restaurant .
Even in the intermediate stages of its construction , Betty Danger 's Country Club is a sight to see . The Ferris wheel 's neon green gondolas rise above the rooftop of nearby Tony Jarro 's , and the restaurant is painted a green and pink diamond pattern . There is no missing the modern , edgy , and creative design ; you can literally see it a mile away .
Despite the Ferris wheel 's wild color scheme , Bock claims the new restaurant will be a good neighbor . They write :
“ It [ the Ferris wheel ] will not be a ride , nor flash , nor play music like an amusement park Ferris wheel . It will feature softly lit moving gondolas , muted colors and quiet operation . ”
What the Ferris wheel will do is provide a one-of-a-kind dining experience ; it will slowly rotate to allow diners to have dinner and drinks while getting up-close and personal with a view of the Minneapolis skyline , the Lowry Bridge , and the Mississippi River .
So , who is Betty Danger ? On the restaurant 's Facebook page , Betty Danger is a 1950s-style illustration of a woman in a pink and yellow argyle sweater with a single black tear in the corner of their eye . Behind her , the Minneapolis skyline is up in magenta flames . Frightened golfers flee the fire — and yes , the restaurant will also have mini golf !
Here 's what Bock has to say about the character , via The Twin Cities Daily Planet :
“ When you meet her , you will love her , ” states a letter Bock circulated to neighbors . “ Betty is apple pie and sunshine , but sadly lives in a time warp with no sense of reality or logic . Poor Betty . ”
The restaurant 's cuisine will be as eclectic as its character ; Betty Danger will serve up a fusion of Tex-Mex and Minnesotan . There 's no sign of what exactly Betty Danger will be cooking up ; Jalapeño Hot Dish ? Lutefisk Enchiladas ? So far , there are not many details about what will be on the menu , and no opening date is posted on the restaurant 's Facebook page . We will have to wait and see what Leslie Bock is planning for us this time , but if the Ferris wheel is an indication , we should all be excited . Very excited .
Images via : Tristan Waters — Betty Danger Facebook Page
For the release of Thor : The Dark World on Blu-ray I am giving away the Best Buy exclusive Steelbook set .
Thor : The Dark World Best Buy Blu-ray Exclusive
The Best Buy exclusive of Thor : The Dark World contains all of the disc and information that the 3D Blu-ray disc set contains plus a Steelbook case . This set includes a 3D Blu-ray disc , a 2D Blu-ray disc and a digital copy . The digital copy can be redeemed with UltraViolet or iTunes . The Blu-ray disc has the movie in 1080p video with DTS Master Audio 7.1 surround sound . The unique cover has Thor in action . It cost $ 27.99 .
Thor : The Dark World Blu-ray Special Features
Audio Commentary with Director Alan Taylor , Producer Kevin Feige , Actor Tom Hiddleston ( Loki ) and Cinematographer Kramer Morgenthau
Scoring Marvel 's “ Thor : The Dark World ” with Brian Tyler
Exclusive Look – Marvel 's Captain America : The Winter Soldier
A Brother 's Journey : Thor & Loki
Gag Reel
Thor : The Dark World Blu-ray Giveaway Requirements
Subscribe to our Youtube channel : Youtube.com/WaysToWatchcom Like our Facebook page : Facebook.com/WaysToWatchcom Send an email with your name and Youtube handle to Contact @ WaysToWatch.com .
The winner will be chosen on February 27 , 2014 .
Other articles on WaysToWatch.com
Starting Sept. 29 , more than 800 hours of TGIF programming will hit Hulu for the first time . Revisit the iconic '90s staple with our exclusive oral history…
Once a week on ABC , America comes together for the Shondaland Thursday trifecta of sex , murders , and scandals . But there was a time , far more innocent , when the country settled in for an evening of family , friendship , life lessons , and probably a little too much studio laughter .
Before TGIT , there was TGIF .
TGIF , or Thank Goodness It 's Funny , was a Friday-night block of comedies featuring some of the most iconic , innocuous pop-culture touchstones from the late '80s into the '90s . Full House . Family Matters . Step by Step . Boy Meets World . It was an era when nerds were heartthrobs , wholesome was wholly acceptable , and the only danger came from forgetting to turn off the TV before 20/20 started . These shows helped raise a generation of millennials , whose social-media appetites for the '90s has fueled reboots of Boy Meets World ( Girl Meets World debuted last year on Disney Channel ) and Full House ( coming to Netflix in February : Fuller House ) . With America fast approaching peak nostalgia levels , EW revisited that lost era to tell the story of a TV golden age from the actors , producers , and network executives who brought it to life .
* * *
When current Disney CEO Bob Iger became president of ABC Entertainment back in the spring of 1989 , they inherited a lineup of Friday prime-time comedies , including two established shows executive-produced by Happy Days vets Thomas L. Miller and Robert L. Boyett . Both programs had moved from other nights : Full House , a sweet family sitcom about a widowed newscaster who raises their three daughters with the help of their brother-in-law and best friend , and Perfect Strangers , a buddy comedy about a Chicago bachelor whose Mediterranean shepherd cousin shows up unannounced at their doorstep . Assuming the reins of a network at a time when audience viewing habits were becoming increasingly fragmented , Iger saw an opportunity on what had become one of the lowest-watched nights of the week , pairing Full House and Perfect Strangers with sitcoms Family Matters ( featuring Reginal VelJohnson as a blue-collar cop patriarch ) and Just the Ten of Us ( the Growing Pains spin-off centered on Bill Kirchenbauer 's Coach Lubbock ) .
BOB IGER : A lot of families were n't watching TV together as much as when I was growing up . But I thought , “ If we could program shows where parents and kids could watch together , we 'd be better off from a ratings perspective . ”
TED HARBERT , then-exec VP , ABC Entertainment : As soon as they can get out of the house , teens leave on Friday nights . You 're left with parents and their kids , and that was the original concept behind the Friday-night comedies that became TGIF .
IGER : I noticed in looking at our Friday nights that the other networks had dramas . So I said , “ Let 's push the fact that we 're the only ones that are funny on that night . ”
ROBERT L. BOYETT , executive producer : We were just looking for a promotional hook for multiple shows on Friday , a bridge to get from one show to the other and keep people watching . At the time we came up with it , we did n't know how long this schedule would stay the same , and whether it would even be our shows or other people 's shows . Nobody anticipated the phenomenon it would become .
Who exactly came up with the idea of co-opting — and reinventing — the acronym that spelled end-of-the-week relief ? That depends on whom you talk to and how well they remember a few meetings in the late 1980s .
BOYETT : If anybody brings up TGIF , my first thought is how it came about because I personally created that phrase . In an office sitting with the people from Warner Brothers promotion and publicity , I said , “ Oh , why do n't we do like something like TGIF ? ”
HARBERT : We 're sitting in a marketing meeting and it was Bob [ Iger ] that said , “ Let 's call it TGIF , ” and then we were off to races .
STUART BLOOMBERG , then-exec VP of ABC Entertainment : My memory is that the whole phrase TGIF was really out of on-air [ promotion ] and Jim .
BC Photo Archives/ABC via Getty Images
Under the direction of then-ABC Entertainment vice president of marketing Stu Brower , on-air promo writer-producer Jim Janicek had been tasked with branding Friday night 's comedies .
STUART BROWER , then-VP of on-air promotion , ABC Entertainment : Jim was working on this night of programming so we were talking about the best way to do that . I 'm pretty sure the notion of TGIF was his .
JIM JANICEK , executive producer of TGIF : We had 10,000 different names . … Friday Night Funnies , Fresh New Funnies , Friday Fun Club , Friday Laugh Factory , Friday Night Laughtacular , Time for Fun — [ that last one ] became part of the first theme song . … TGIF was on there ; however , there was an existing restaurant chain , and there also was the existing phrase , “ Thank God It 's Friday , ” so part of me was concerned that we would not get through our title clearance side . I was n't really betting on that being the name .
MARK ZAKARIN , then-senior VP of marketing , ABC Entertainment : Jim and Stu sent over five or six titles , and when I talked the titles over with Stu , they said , “ We could call it TGIF , but we 'd probably run into broadcast standards problems. ” I said , “ In my mind , the best one is TGIF because it 's not just a silly name , it 's actually an emotion . And it 's a phrase that people recognize . You 're not trying to sell a new axiom. ” There was some sensitivity that you could never use the word God . And I said , “ TGIF does n't have to be Thank God It 's Friday — it could be some variation , it could be thanked Goodness It 's Friday. ” I thought that probably would get by broadcast standards .
IGER : I said , “ How about calling it ‘ Thank Goodness It 's Funny ' ? ” We did n't want to use God . … It 's so funny because even to this day people say , “ Well , ‘ Thank God It 's Friday ' really worked , ” and I said , “ It was ‘ Thank Goodness It 's Funny . ' I do n't think anybody even remembers that . Part of it was the result that I was an inveterate punster . I did have the idea to promote the night as though it was funny because of the dramas on the other networks . Then the TGIF thing hit me , which was such a double entendre . Anyway , I 'm just bad at humor but I 'm good at corniness .
There was no lack of corniness when TGIF officially launched on Sept. 22 , 1989 with the Full House/Family Matters/Perfect Strangers/Just the Ten of Us slate .
IGER : It took off very quickly . We kind of knew right away . It turned out to be a phenomenal counterprogramming strategy .
ZAKARIN : The research department would let us know what percentage of the audience from the 8 o'clock show would flow into the 8:30 show , what percentage from the 8:30 show would flow into the 9 o'clock show , and so on . And as those numbers were reaching 90 percent or greater , we went , “ Whoa . It 's working. ” It went from an experiment to an institution .
A chord was clearly struck with viewers , in part due to the earnest family formula mastered by Miller and Boyett , who produced three of the night 's four shows .
BOYETT : There were two basic elements that we felt were important : One was to give every show some moment of real human connection . That 's what Tom and I called it ; today they call it heart . The second thing was , we tried to fulfill the fantasy where a dad would sit on the sofa and say , “ What 's the problem , son ? Let 's talk. ” We never avoided that scene . In fact , because it was born with Tom Miller , the writers referred to it as “ Miller Time . ”
BOB SAGET , Full House : The idea was , everybody 's problems are getting listened to . That formula made it so special for families and kids . And they followed through with the other TGIF shows . … Every character got served . Everybody had a story .
CANDACE CAMERON BURE , Full House : As a kid , I did n't realize how cheesy some of the moments were . I loved it . I only knew it was sugary-sweet because people would say it was . In the moment , I thought they were sweet and heartfelt . I thought , “ Well , this is what a sitcom is all about . ”
BOYETT : The other thing the audience was getting from Miller-Boyett shows was a consistency . They 'd get physical comedy , which was not in a lot of family shows and still is n't today . We believed in doing physical comedy , and it got a lot of laughs . A typical half-hour of ours gave you more laughs than a two-hour movie you went to see at the theater . You got a lot of bang for your buck .
HARBERT : I would have to put Tom and Bob up in the same pantheon as Aaron Spelling and others , in terms of having influence over television in that era . The thing I like about those guys is that they were very respectful to the process . They were n't saying , “ Here 's your next show . You 're putting it on. ” They went through the developing process with Stu Bloomberg . They went through the casting process . We did cancel shows of theirs . We went through mostly great times , but there were some tough times , and when you 're a producer of their stature , getting cancellation calls from the network is never easy . That was relatively rare . I was proud of them that they wanted to have all four half-hours .
IGER : Interestingly enough , Full House had not established itself as that much of a success when it was tried in different time slots earlier in the week . And it was Friday night and putting it as the anchor of TGIF that really gave it the lift .
JEFF FRANKLIN , creator , Full House : I think it was extremely smart of ABC to brand the night , to package those shows and try to create a two-hour event that kids would look forward to . I think it benefited ABC immensely . I 'm not sure that the ratings for Full House would have been any different , whether TGIF existed or not .
Early on , there was at least one faith-testing moment . Viewers were responding to the night , but not necessarily in the way that everyone expected .
JANICEK : It was probably about eight months in that the research department at ABC started running Qs — recognizability factors where they hold up a card and say , “ Who 's this ? ” I think it was [ a picture of ] someone from Full House , and what was happening was people were saying , “ Oh , that 's the guy from TGIF. ” As I recall , it sent shudders down the network , where people were like “ Oh my gosh , we 've got ta get rid of this thing , TGIF , because it 's confusing people. ” And Bob Iger was adamant . They said , “ This is a brand . We have something here and suddenly the whole is greater than the sum of the parts . ”
IGER : I do n't remember whether it was Tom Miller or Bob Boyett that freaked out , or if it was our executives , or both . Freaking out might be too strong a word — there was trepidation . I said it did n't really matter . We were onto something big and we should milk it for what it was worth . I was looking at more than a glass half full at the time .
Image caption The US military report follows a six-month investigation
Investigators say the US military has been giving tens of millions of dollars to Afghan security firms who are channelling the money to warlords .
Trucks carrying supplies to US troops allegedly pay the firms to ensure their safe passage in dangerous areas of Afghanistan .
The convoys are attacked if payments are not made , according to allegations in a US military document .
The congressional report follows a six-month investigation .
The document states that trucks carrying food , water , fuel , and ammunition may be supplying up to $ 4 million ( £2.7m ) per week to the firms .
A US congressional committee is expected to hear the evidence on the investigation from senior officials at the US Department of Defense later on Tuesday .
'Vast protection racket '
The congressional subcommittee that carried out the investigation says that bribes are paid to the Taliban and virtually every governor , police chief and local military commander whose territory the convoys pass through .
One of the security companies in question is alleged to be owned by two cousins of the Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
The report released late on Monday says the security agreements violate laws on the use of private contractors , as well as US Department of Defense regulations .
The report states that `` although the warlords do provide guards and coordinate security , the contractors have little choice but to use them in what amounts to a vast protection racket '' .
The document states that security companies hired under the Afghan Host Nation Trucking are the ones funneling the money .
Watan Risk management is one of the largest security providers in Afghanistan and one of the companies currently under investigation .
The military report states that representatives of the company allegedly negotiate or dictate the price of safe passage in a given area . The company then issues warnings to trucking companies who are late in paying or refuse to pay the sum .
A spokesperson for the Army Criminal Investigation Command at Fort Belvoir , Virginia , confirmed to the AP news agency that the inquiry is taking place .
The report comes as the number of US casualties is rising in Afghanistan , and suggests not only that money from the US tax payer is being used to finance the enemy , but also to undermine international efforts towards stability in the country .
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture , bringing you the latest talking points from Japan , Korea , China and beyond . Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am .
This fall , Sangmyung University in Seoul , South Korea will begin teaching a course on PlayStation . Just check out the classroom .
According to Inven , Ruliweb , and GameFocus ( via tipster Sang ) , the university teamed up with Sony for the course , which uses PS4 consoles and PS Vita handhelds as part of the curriculum . The weekly , three-credit class teaches students about the game industry .
[ Photo : GameFocus ]
Guest lecturers will also speak , and the course will cover topics ranging from video game history and game graphics to online gaming and marketing . There is even a field trip scheduled to a local game studio ! And yes , there is a mid-term and a final exam .
Advertisement
[ Photo : PlayStation Korea ]
Advertisement
[ Photo : Inven ]
When the class is not in session , it will be open to other students as a PlayStation demo area .
Advertisement
[ Photo : PlayStation Korea ]
상명대학교 'PlayStation® Class ' , 9월 5일부터 본격 운영 ! [ PlayStation Korea Thanks , Sang ! ]
상명대학교 3학점 'Playstation Class ' 수업 개설 , 2학기부터 운영 [ GameFocus ]
플레이스테이션으로 공부하자 ! 상명대 'PlayStation Class ' 개설 [ Inven ]
SCEK , 9월 5일부터 상명대서 '플레이스테이션 클래스 ' 연다 [ K-Bench ]
상명대학교 , 'PlayStation Class ' 9월 5일부터 본격 운영 [ Ruliweb ]
Top photo : Ruliweb
To contact the author of this post , write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find them on Twitter @ Brian_Ashcraft .
Advertisement
Prince Saud Bin Abdulaziz Bin Nasir Al Saud told police they were not homosexual and that they and Bandar Abdulaziz were equals who had spent four months travelling the world .
They said the detectives did not understand the Saudi Arabian culture , where men regularly travel together as companions .
The prince 's explanation of the relationship came during their murder trial at the Old Bailey , which has heard how the Saudi royal employed gay escorts and took compromising photographs of Mr Abdulaziz on their mobile phone .
They were arrested only hours after Mr Abdulaziz 's battered body was discovered in the room they shared at the five-star Landmark Hotel in London on February 15 this year .
A post-mortem examination showed that the 32-year-old died from a combination of strangulation and neck and abdomen injuries .
When their body was discovered , Prince Saud tried to explain their wounds by saying Mr Abdulaziz was robbed on the Edgware Road , three weeks before their death , the court heard .
However , as they led detectives on a false walking tour to show them where it happened , other police officers discovered cctv footage of Prince Saud beating up Mr Abdulaziz in the hotel lift .
They were immediately arrested on suspicion of murder but refused to answer questions , instead giving the police a statement in which they explained why the pair shared a room .
“ This way we could talk with each late into the evening , watch films and generally have fun , ” said the 34-year-old .
“ We preferred to save our money for shopping and evenings out . ”
They said when they asked to change to a bigger room , only one with a double bed was available .
“ We asked for another bed to be brought in but that could n't be made available .
“ We did not use the sofa bed as , throughout our entire trip , Bandar and I had travelled as equals and I did n't want them to feel any different to me for sleeping on a sofa bed .
“ We had no issue at with sharing a bed . ”
The prince , who described their job as working with their father , insisted they had a girlfriend in Saudi Arabia who they spoke to regularly .
“ I would like to explain the cultural tradition behind my and Bandar 's trip . It is quite common in my country for men to travel with travelling companions .
“ I am a wealthy Saudi , my father is nephew of the King . I therefore paid for the trip and our various excursions but Bandar and I were friends and in no respect was they subservient to me or I superior to him . ”
Prince Saud denies murder and grievous bodily harm . The trial continues .
In Part 1 and Part 2 of this series we looked at some of the intriguing aspects of the way people 's everyday lives are affected by design in Japan . Whether the result of a lone designer with a singular focus or a meddling committee with a medley of requirements it 's fascinating to see how other countries have approached the same challenges .
A big part of this includes the built landscape , and today I wanted to look at Tokyo 's ever-changing skyline which has been the result of natural disasters , war , and cultural beliefs .
Disposable Houses
Photo by Molly Des Jardin
The resale market in Japan for used houses is almost non-existent ( likewise for cars )
Housing quality is very high but a detached house fully loses its value after 15-30 years
50 % of houses are demolished before they are 38 years old ( compared to 100 in the U.S . )
Earthquakes cause people to view houses as perishable and builders play on this fear
Japanese society values newness as something which is spiritually clean and pure
There are more registered architects per capita in Japan than any other country
Huge demand for creatively designed homes but no economic incentive to maintain
More insight into this phenomenon on a recent Freakonomics Radio podcast episode .
Sliced Buildings
Photo by Yutaka Fujii
In Japan many mid-height buildings look like they 've had their sides sliced off by design
Building regulations stipulate a slope plane that originates from the plot boundary
Intended to ensure that natural light can still reach the street and neighbouring properties
The law results in some very interesting shaped buildings when multiple slanted planes bisect .
Inverse Addresses
Photo by Oli Studholme
Most streets in Japan do n't have names , however the blocks between streets are numbered
Buildings within a block are also numbered in order in which they were historically built
Addresses are written starting from the biggest to the smallest geographic entities
If that does n't make much sense this video by Derek Sivers should clear things up .
Vending Machines ( 自動販売機 )
Photo by inefekt69
There is around 1 vending machine for every 23 people in Japan selling all manner of things
Can be found on almost every street corner and modern ones have huge touchscreen displays
Cigarettes and alcohol required an age restricted IC card but it 's easily circumvented
Some are equipped with a feature that provides free drinks after a major earthquake
Queuing Culture
Photo by Matt Murphy
Without exaggeration , the Japanese are masters of queuing no matter how mundane
Whether a restaurant , train , theme park , shop , football match or shrine it 's always orderly
Queuing for hours becomes part of the experience of enjoying something popular or new
Surgical Masks
Photo by Matthew Kenwrick
A Southern Methodist University student has resigned their post with the Texas College Republicans after a video was posted of them describing getting “ hammered , ” “ hooking up ” with a young woman and referring to political opponents using a gay slur .
The SMU Daily Campus reports :
Charles McCaslin , SMU junior and chairperson of Texas College Republicans , has resigned as chairperson after a video was posted of them saying they and Alex Schriver , a candidate for national [ College Republican ] chairperson , got “ hammered ” and they “ hooked up ” with a girl . They then called Schriver 's opponents “ nerds ” and “ fags. ” The statements were given in a speech at an after party for the Texas College Republicans convention in the form of an endorsement speech for Schriver , the current vice-chairperson of national CR . At the end of the speech , Schriver stands up , holds up their glass and says , “ To Charlie ! ”
The video ( below ) was posted on YouTube by InnovateCRNC , the committee supporting Schriver 's opponent for national chairperson , Jonathan Snyder , a student at Ohio State University .
McCaslin , a Hunt Scholar at Southern Methodist University , formally resigned in a letter to Texas College Republicans .
“ I can not continue my work for the party in this capacity , ” they wrote . “ The mistakes I have made have put my colleagues , my friends and school in harm 's way and they do not deserve to be part of such a bitter cycle . ”
Schriver is now distancing themselves from McCaslin 's comments , calling the speech “ inappropriate and highly offensive ” and said “ it is possible that some could incorrectly interpret my actions to be supportive ” of the remarks .
Snyder is calling for Schriver 's resignation as well .
“ Having a Chairman who is willing to accept and then toast degrading remarks about women , homophobic slurs and juvenile behavior against anyone is unacceptable , ” said Snyder .
This Story Filed Under
Josh Scherr , an animator with the Sony-owned Naughty Dog , has poured cold water on any hopes of the studio revisiting Crash Bandicoot and Jak & Daxter .
Speaking with Game Informer , Scherr was quizzed if they missed the cartoon-esque platforming days , to which they replied :
`` No , I do n't , because we 've got an amazing team of people making some really expressive performances with our current stable of realistic characters . I mean , animating the stylised stuff is a lot of fun , but the stories that we 're trying to tell right now are a little bit more grounded and a little bit more grown up than they were back in the Jak and Daxter days . ''
When asked if this was because the team has grown up in the years since Jak & Daxter was last seen , Scherr added :
`` I think that 's part of it . I think that it 's also dictated by what the market wants , too . You know , that was a lot of what our decision was bounded by and based on when moving from Jak and Daxter to something more like Uncharted . And it 's also what we 're interested in , too . ''
Jax & Daxter 's last main entry was the 2004 sequel Jak III , although the whole trilogy was remastered for PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita in 2012 and 2013 , respectively . Crash Bandicoot has n't been handled by Naughty Dog since the fan-favorite Crash Team Racing in 1999 .
Naughty Dog is currently developing Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End for PlayStation 4 , and said it has put on hold all other projects while the team focuses its efforts on the action-adventure sequel .
Interestingly , a Jak & Daxter reboot was considered at one point and the team had a darker concept for the title , though it decided to make The Last of Us instead . Concept art for the scrapped title later surfaced online .
Theresa May should ditch their kitten heels and wear pumps and flat shoes in Parliament to demonstrate to women that they do not have to wear high heels to `` meet men 's expectations '' , union delegates have been told .
Representatives at the Trades Union Congress annual conference in Brighton voted unanimously for the law to be changed “ to enable people to not be compelled to wear high heels at work ” .
The news came after 145,000 people signed a petition supporting receptionist Nicola Thorp , who objected to being told to wear shoes with a heel .
Penny Robinson , from the GMB union , said Britain was “ lucky to have someone running the country who can set the example to the rest of us while making the point about wearing sensible shoes ” .
Ms Robinson said `` our new Prime Minister may be well known for kitten heels and leather boots but if they really wants to advance the cause for women '' they could `` make a point of wearing pumps , flats and comfortable shoes in the Cabinet and in PMQs and for meeting all those EU leaders .
“ Let the media see that you can be the most powerful woman in the country without wearing design shoes to meet men 's expectations . ”
Delegates backed a motion which pointed out that “ in manufacturing , building and construction and many other workplaces appropriate footwear is mandatory for safety purposes .
“ So why not require the same standards in other industries as well ? Congress is not calling for a ban on high heels but for commonsense and fairness in the workplace ” .
Germany and France on Wednesday criticized British Prime Minister David Cameron 's demands to claw back powers from the European Union and said their plan to hold an `` in or out '' referendum was dangerous for Britain .
German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said Britain can not expect just to pick and choose the aspects of membership that it likes . `` Germany wants the United Kingdom to remain an active and constructive part of the European Union ... But cherry picking is not an option , '' Westerwelle told reporters .
`` Europe is n't the sum of national interests but a community with a common fate in difficult times . ''
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said : `` If Britain wants to leave Europe we will roll out the red carpet for you . '' The tongue-in-cheek remark echoed Cameron himself , who once used the same words to invite rich Frenchmen alienated by high taxes to move to Britain .
A referendum would be `` dangerous for Britain itself , '' said Fabius . Responding to Cameron 's plan to renegotiate relations between the EU and Britain , they said Europe was like a football club . `` You join the club but when you 're in it you ca n't say : ' I 'm going to play rugby now . ' ''
The president of the European Parliament , German Social Democrat Martin Schulz , said the EU needed Britain as a full member . `` Cameron 's Europe a la carte is n't an option . ''
'It Is Time to Settle This Question About Britain And Europe '
Cameron promised on Wednesday to give Britons a straight referendum choice on whether to stay in the European Union or leave , provided they win an election in 2015 . They said the vote could take place sometime between 2015 and the end of 2017 , and shrugged off warnings that this could damage Britain 's economic prospects and alienate its allies .
`` It is time for the British people to have their say . It is time for us to settle this question about Britain and Europe , '' Cameron said , adding that their Conservative Party would campaign for the 2015 general election promising to renegotiate Britain 's EU membership .
`` When we have negotiated that new settlement , we will give the British people a referendum with a very simple in or out choice to stay in the European Union on these new terms ; or come out altogether . It will be an in-out referendum . ''
Their keynote speech had been announced for months but repeatedly postponed . They had wanted to hold it last Friday in Amsterdam , in the spirit of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher who chose the Belgian city of Bruges for a 1988 speech in which they lambasted what they called `` a European superstate exercising a new dominance from Brussels . ''
But Cameron cancelled the trip because of the Algerian hostage crisis . In the end , they decided to eschew the European mainland and address journalists in London instead , at the UK headquarters of financial news agency Bloomberg .
That location was n't without a certain symbolism either -- after all , Bloomberg is an institution from the world of finance , and Cameron often cites the need to defend Britain 's financial sector and the City of London as the reason for their rebellion against Brussels .
In the most important speech of their career , they pledged to negotiate a `` better deal '' for Britain by bringing powers back from Brussels .
High-Risk Gamble
The head of the Conservative Party is playing a maximum risk game . Britain last held a referendum on membership of what was then called the European Economic Community in 1975 , and no prime minister since has dared to repeat a plebiscite . No one wanted to risk Britain leaving .
Cameron 's plan for a looser version of full British EU membership is based on two extremely shaky assumptions . Firstly , it depends on the EU making a treaty change in the coming months -- only then could they push through further opt-outs from the common rules . And secondly , the EU partners would have to agree to their wishes .
Both seem unlikely . The other governments do n't want to reopen the 2009 Lisbon Treaty that reformed the EU 's institutions . After all , it took many years to negotiate it -- and if a country demands further exceptions , the arduous discussions will have to start afresh . As a result of that reluctance , the changes to the architecture of the single currency in response to the euro crisis have so far been made without altering the treaty .
In addition , many EU leaders do n't trust Cameron . They suspect their initiative stems from the age-old desire of Britain 's Conservatives to weaken the EU and reduce its purpose to that of running the single market . Wednesday 's reactions in Berlin , Paris and Brussels suggest they may not get what they want .
But Cameron wo n't let such warnings stop him . They said their experience in dealing with the EU was that you could secure concessions if you push hard enough .
But they did n't answer the decisive question : What powers do they want to claw back ? Britain is n't a member of the euro zone or the Schengen area of passport-free travel . It secured an additional opt-out on justice issues in the Lisbon Treaty .
No 'Return Ticket ' for Britain
In their speech , Cameron did n't provide details of their proposed `` new settlement '' beyond mentioning some basic principles for a reform of the EU : an expansion of the single market , more flexible structures , less bureaucracy and a review of the EU 's responsiblities . They evidently do n't want to narrow their scope for negotiations . They do n't want to pin themselves down by making demands that they wo n't be able to push through . But in recent weeks they have hinted they want to cut social benefits paid to foreign EU nationals in Britain and to cancel the EU guideline on working hours .
After they had finished the speech , the British journalists gathered in the room wanted above all to know what they would do if the EU partners refused their demands . Would they then campaign for a British exit from the EU ?
Cameron evaded the question , saying : `` I would argue , 'who goes into a negotiation expecting and hoping to fail ' ? '' But they left no doubt that they see Britain 's place in the EU . `` I 'm not a British isolationist , '' they said . Of course Britain , like any other country , could seek its own way in the world . `` But is that really the best future for our country ? ''
Cameron , like all their predecessors , does n't want to enter the history books as the prime minister who led their country out of the EU . They warned that there was n't a `` return ticket '' if Britain left the EU .
Cameron is banking on other governments helping them to convince the British . They are seeking support from traditional allies like Germany , the Netherlands and the Scandinavian countries . They are looking to Chancellor Angela Merkel in particular -- they referred to them several times in their speech .
It 's unknown what Merkel has offered Cameron in their face-to-face meetings . But Germany 's official reaction has been cool . Germany wants Britain in the EU , say government officials in Berlin -- but not at any price . It 's up to the British to decide whether they can live with common rules . Germany , they say , wo n't be blackmailed .
Even though Britain 's EU partners are opposed to a British referendum , the prospect of the vote will have the benefit of mobilizing pro-European voices that have been been drowned out by the euroskeptics in recent years .
The debate surrounding Cameron 's speech has already had an noticeable impact on public opinion . Surveys suggest that given the choice between the status quo and an uncertain future outside the EU , the British may opt to stick with the devil they know .
The Dallas Cowboys , and their fanbase , received a little bit of good news this morning as the team won a coin toss with the Baltimore Ravens for the right to pick 16th in the upcoming draft . The Cowboys and Ravens had finished the 2013 season with identical 8-8 records and their strength of schedule was also tied at .484 . Thus , the NFL conducted a coin toss this morning at the NFL combine to break the tie and the 'Boys came out on top . Maybe we can take this as a good omen for the 2014 season .
Recent picks in at the 16th spot in NFL drafts include E.J . Manuel , Bills ( 2013 ) , Quinton Coples , Jets ( 2012 ) , Ryan Kerrigan , Redskins ( 2011 ) and Derrick Morgan , Titans ( 2010 ) .
The NFL Draft will begin on Thursday , May 8 with the first round , followed by the second and third rounds on Friday , May 9 and concluding with rounds four through seven on Saturday , May 10 .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
In this January 3 , 2011 , photo , Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker speaks at an inauguration ceremony at the state Capitol in Madison , Wisconsin . ( AP Photo/Morry Gash ) Ad Policy
The first great test of the American Constitution came in 1798 , when President John Adams became so agitated with their critics that they disregarded the Bill of Rights and the rule of law and arranged for the arrest of dissenting elected officials and editors .
Adams was so lawless that their own vice president , Thomas Jefferson , organized the opposition . Two years later , Adams was the first American president to be removed from office by the electorate . And rightly so .
James Madison , the essential drafter of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights , referred to the “ Alien and Sedition Acts ” that Adams and their associates used to justify their assault on the First Amendment as “ a monster that must forever disgrace its parents . ”
Unfortunately , the monster still breaks loose . And not just in Washington .
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker is no John Adams . But prospective Republican presidential candidate 's delusions of imperial grandeur have led them to cobble together a set of rules that they are using to have dozens of dissenters ( including veterans , grandmothers and grandfathers , mothers with children and top teachers ) arrested for assembling in the rotunda of the state capitol and singing labor songs .
Never mind that the “ Solidarity Sing Alongs ” were held peacefully , and without significant incident , before the governor 's crackdown began this summer .
The arrests escalated on Thursday . And , though Walker plays on a small stage , those familiar with the basic outlines of American constitutional history will note a certain historical irony in the drama the governor has scripted .
First , an elected official , Madison Alder Mark Clear , the former president of the city council , was arrested for joining in the singing of “ This Land Is Your Land . ”
Then , just a few minutes later , Progressive magazine editor Matt Rothschild was detained when they attempted to record what was happening . Rothschild informed the arresting officers that they were a journalist and that they had every right to cover the story .
Clear and their fellow singers can point to a US Constitution that guarantees that Americans may assemble and petition for the redress of grievances—and to a Wisconsin Constitution that is even more explicit , declaring , “ The right of the people peaceably to assemble , to consult for the common good , and to petition the government , or any department thereof , shall never be abridged . ”
Rothschild can point to a US Constitution that guards against any abridging of the freedom of the press—and to a Wisconsin Constitution that is even more explicit , declaring that “ no laws shall be passed to restrain or abridge the liberty of speech or of the press . ”
Yet , both men were arrested . The governor and their allies argue that a federal court ruling that allows officials to establish permit requirements has cleared the way for a wholesale rejection of constitutional values . They will find they are wrong , just as Adams and their associates did when they had Vermont Congressman Matthew Lyon and editor Benjamin Franklin Bache arrested . But the fact that judges and juries will eventually reject Walker 's flawed premises does not clean up the mess that the governor has made . When local elected officials and magazine editors are being arrested , real damage is done to the rule of law and to the broad understanding of basic liberties .
But the damage will eventually be undone . Walker is going too far , just as Adams did . And , as Jefferson explained in the darkest days of their struggle , “ A little patience , and we shall see the reign of witches passes over , their spells dissolve , and the people , recovering their true sight , restore their government to its true principles . ”
John Nichols and Robert W. McChesney are the authors of the new book Dollarocracy : How the Money and Media Election Complex is Destroying America ( Nation Books ) .
Does gun ownership make people more Republican ?
Would n't it be nice ?
Clem Sunter
Would n't it be nice if :
there were no suspicions or clouds around our President and they were seen as a totally honest , humble guy who lived in accommodation that most people found suprisingly modest ;
South African drivers realised that the left hand lane is the slow lane and not the lane for overtaking ;
the Springboks acknowledged that you only score if you have possession of the ball , the Proteas won one World Cup and Bafana Bafana recaptured the glory days of the mid-1990s ;
people from government arrived on time at meetings and did not send junior substitutes to speak on their behalf at conferences because they had to attend to more important matters of state ;
the government realised they are the servants of the people , not the other way around ;
CEOs were actually seen by workers walking the job , gathering opinions and showing some sense of humour ;
the Chinese discovered there was no medicinal value in rhino horns ;
you could see into your neighbour 's garden as no wall hindered your view ;
good schools were praised for their outstanding results as opposed to being lambasted for the size of their classes ;
all our state hospitals were excellent enough for government ministers to use and all state schools were adequate enough for them to send their kids to ;
politicians travelled economy and collected their luggage from the carousel ;
if on one day all the robots in the entire nation were working at the same time ;
never again did you see a blue light convoy ;
never again did you have to tick a colour box when filling in an application for anything ;
70 of the top 100 South African companies in 50 years time were not in existence today and were started by black and white entrepreneurs with ground-breaking ideas ;
just a few of our city streets were named after heroes in other arenas besides politics ;
a company announced that the income gap between its board and its workers had fallen as a result of a drive to share the pain of economic hard times ;
a party manifesto was published without any Marxist terminology or hollow-sounding rhetoric and instead consisted of measurable outcomes to improve the quality of life of ordinary people ;
the number of incidents of violent crime and murder in your suburb dropped so much that you took a bouquet of flowers around to the local police station ;
real life inter-racial relations were as good as those depicted in beer adverts ;
contracts were awarded to people who could actually do the job ;
all judges and state prosecutors were appointed on merit ;
those found guilty of corruption actually went to jail without medical parole ;
the lottery board were consistent in their donations to the NGOs which really make a difference ;
South Africa had its own Lula moment where it recognised its future rested on creating an all-inclusive , entrepreneurial economy ;
the government and unions understood that money does not grow on trees and revenue has to exceed costs for business to survive ;
every citizen was aware that South Africa has a fragile physical environment and a balance between it , economic development and human wellbeing is essential ;
the taxpayer was seen as a sacred cow to be milked at a reasonable rate and not slaughtered by taxes , rates and tolls ;
the general state of living here was attractive enough to keep talented young South Africans away from thoughts of emigration , and our country was perceived to be the first stop for young , ambitious global citizens with dreams of being part of Africa ;
foreign companies and investors were welcomed warmly rather than treated with suspicion ;
the ruling party were more than a club where internal politics among the members superseded everything else , and instead they actually looked outwards ;
being South African , like being American , meant more to an individual than ethnic , racial or religious origin ;
we developed a “ pay forward ” mentality where philantropy became a driving force among the more prosperous members of our community ;
we had an Economic Codesa which in retrospect was considered as the starting point for an economic democracy that became the envy of the world .
It would be nice , would n't it . And do n't tell me to dream on !
Send your comments to Clem
Disclaimer : News24 encourages freedom of speech and the expression of diverse views . The views of columnists published on News24 are therefore their own and do not necessarily represent the views of News24 .
On Saturday , several images posted on Facebook and spread through Whatsapp showing a group of Caucasian-looking adults in various states of undress , posing on Mount Kinabalu .
KOTA KINABALU , June 2 — The group of 10 tourists , believed to include two Canadians , two Dutch and a German national , who stripped naked for photographs at the peak of Mount Kinabalu allegedly called their mountain guide “ stupid ” and told them to “ go to hell ” when they attempted to stop them from removing their clothes .
Sabah Parks director Dr Jamili Nais said that the guide was in charge of a group of 27 Europeans during an expedition on May 30 and about 10 from the group — six men and four women — broke away to pose for pictures in South Peak , on the west side of the summit 's plateau .
“ The guide involved said they had approached the group and told them not to do it but was rebuffed with the words ‘ stupid ' and ‘ go to hell ' , ” said Jamili when contacted by Malay Mail Online .
“ Unfortunately , the guide did not report the incident right away for action to be taken on the same day .
“ We have since lodged a police report for further investigations to be taken against the climbers , ” they said , adding that the guide involved was also reprimanded for not reporting the incident earlier .
Jamili said they have identified five out of the 10 climbers involved in the nude photographs — two Dutch nationals , two Canadians and a German — and have passed the information to the police to decide if action will be taken .
On Saturday , several images posted on Facebook and spread through Whatsapp showing a group of Caucasian-looking adults in various states of undress , posing on Mount Kinabalu .
The photos drew divided opinions from the public , with some outraged at the display of indecency while others defended their actions claiming they were “ just having fun ” .
Jamili said that they have never had to deal with such incidences , although men taking off their shirts were common .
They said they believed this is part of a puzzling travel trend to get naked at world heritage sites and such incidences have been occurring in Machu Picchu in Peru , and Angkor Wat in Cambodia , with the latter incident resulting in two American tourists deported .
“ Otherwise why would anyone take off their clothes in the cold weather up there ? ” they said .
They said that the Sabah Parks Enactment did not cover such an offence but will be considered in the future .
“ Meanwhile , we rely on the police to investigate incidences of gross indecency in public , ” they said .
To prevent such incidents from recurring , Jamili said they would put up signages at the headquarters and strategic spots warning against such behaviour , as well as include a new clause in the “ Dos and Don'ts ” briefing by the mountain guides .
Mount Kinabalu , part of the Kinabalu Park Unesco World Heritage Site , is sacred to the locals , some of whom deem it the final resting place of their ancestors .
The local Dusun community still hold yearly sacrificial rituals to appease the spirits and ask for permission for the safety of their climbers .
Local guides who accompany climbers often brief them on the traditional “ do 's and don'ts ” which include no plucking of plants , no removal of stones from the mountain , no speaking loudly and inappropriately and do “ ask for permission ” before relieving one 's self .
The incident is reminiscent of the Penang “ Nude Sports Games ” last year , which led to six Malaysians each being jailed a month and fined RM5,000 .
One was jailed an additional six months for recording the event .
A cup of rice with chicken , ginger , onion , shallots , and chili peppers . A fried patty made of potatoes , peas , and spices , topped with tomatoes and vegetarian mayonnaise . Grilled chicken in pita bread with lettuce , tomato , onion , and tahini sauce . English muffins topped with refried beans , white cheese , and salsa . Breaded chicken covered in guacamole . A deep-fried roll of beef ragout . Lamb wrapped in Arabic flat-bread with shredded lettuce and tomatoes . A sandwich made of grilled salmon and dill sauce .
Do any of these dishes sound like they could possibly come from the same restaurant , let alone the same massive restaurant chain ? Let 's try referring to these menu items as you would order them locally : Bubur Ayam McD ( Malaysia ) , McAloo Tikki ( India ) , McArabia ( Egypt ) , McMollete ( Mexico ) , McPollo ( Chile ) , McKroket ( Netherlands ) , McTurco ( Turkey ) , and McLaks ( Norway ) .
Yes , to the delight of many Americans and to the dismay of many others , the golden arches of McDonald 's appear throughout the world . But the menu items vary greatly . Go to a McDonald 's in Singapore , and you can order jasmine tea and a Shaka Shaka Chicken , which you create by dumping spice powder into a bag and , with a quick `` shaka '' of the bag , coating your chicken patty in local spices . In Spain , you can actually buy the country 's chilled soup , gazpacho , at McDonald 's , where it is served in a carton . In Brazil , you 'll find McDonald 's filling that rectangular apple pie crust with bananas instead .
The burgers that made McDonald 's famous also vary tremendously by country . Head to Japan and you can order a Koroke Burger , which consists of mashed potato , cabbage , and katsu sauce . In Hong Kong , you 'll find a burger that is served not between sesame seed buns , but between rice cakes . In Malaysia , you can order a Double Beef Prosperity Burger , which features spicy black pepper sauce . In Italy , the burgers come with pancetta and usually are on ciabatta rolls . Visit India , where eating beef is against religious rules for about 80 percent of the population , and you wo n't find any beef burgers on the menu whatsoever .
In Germany , you can pick up a McSausage Burger . In Greece , a Greek Mac . In New Zealand , a KiwiBurger . In Costa Rica , a McPinto Deluxe , with rice , beans , and plantains . In Thailand , a McSamurai Pork Burger . Head to the United Kingdom around Christmastime , and you can order a mincemeat and custard pie for dessert . When in France , you can order Le McWrap Chèvre , a goat cheese wrap . In Argentina , you can have wine with your McDonald 's meal ; German outlets of McDonald 's sell beer ; in Israel , kosher food is served ; and in Hawaii , you 'll be handed Spam with your breakfast . How 's that for contrast ?
I see five important takeaways in McDonald 's global success :
Do n't confuse your brand with your products . While it 's true that the McDonald 's brand is strongly associated with hamburgers , this has not prevented the company from dropping all meat from some local menus . McDonald 's announced that it will open up its first vegetarian restaurants in India , a nod to the dietary preferences and religious beliefs of local customers . Figure out which products have international appeal . It 's quite likely that some of your products might be desirable in every market , as McDonald 's has found . Some of the company 's products , such as its fries and shakes , stay consistent at most of its global locations . View a new market as a chance to take on new brand attributes . While McDonald 's is known for its affordable fare in the United States , in many countries with a growing middle class , it can actually be a status symbol to be seen eating there . Do n't assume that just because your brand has negative aspects in one market that it will necessarily carry them into another . Remember that `` small markets '' may very well define your future . Many companies make the mistake of only focusing on major world economies . McDonald 's is a global company , but about 70 percent of its revenue , which normally tops20 billion annually , comes from restaurants in Australia , Canada , China , France , Germany , Japan , the United Kingdom , and of course , the United States . Paying attention to those countries that `` only '' make up 30 percent of the company 's revenue is a wise move . As their spending power grows , so too does their share of the pie . Let your customers tell you what they want . McDonald 's did not come up with all those adapted product offerings in isolation from its customers . Rather , the company observed the behaviors of customers in these local markets and packaged their products in ways that would seem local and familiar . When was the last time you adapted a product for a new market based on in-country customer feedback ? You should .
This last lesson is one that even McDonald 's sometimes forgets to implement . Recently , the company launched a new advertising campaign for the Hmong in Minnesota . Not only did it botch the translation , but it tried to convince the tea-loving Hmong people to embrace coffee . Had the company talked with members of the community first , they would have learned that not only was the translation incorrect -- so was the product selection . No matter what markets you 're in , remember to put your customers at the heart of your product choices , and it 's hard to go wrong .
This blog post first appeared on the Harvard Business Review , and is partially excerpted from Nataly Kelly 's book , Found in Translation .
NEW YORK—With the candidate facing a far more formidable challenge than expected in their pursuit of the Democratic nomination , Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign released an exceedingly defensive new commercial Wednesday titled “ Who Are You To Judge Me ? ” “ What the hell have you done ? ” a scowling Clinton asks during the music-free 30-second ad that is running in markets in all 50 states and features the candidate standing by themselves in front of a black background , speaking directly to the camera with their arms crossed defiantly . “ Have you ever been a senator ? Had to consider the interests and needs of millions of constituents ? Oh , wait , I know—you must have served in the president 's cabinet and delicately handled international affairs that impacted the entire world . I 'm sorry , what 's that ? You have n't ? Then maybe you should think for a goddamn minute before you pass judgment on me , you ingrates. ” The ad reportedly ends with Clinton pointing menacingly at the viewer for a full 10 seconds before wordlessly walking out of frame .
Advertisement
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The EU is not convinced Apple is paying a fair rate of tax on what it sells
The European Commission will set out its case on Tuesday against Apple 's tax arrangements in Ireland .
The report is part of a broader EU investigation into tax policies in Ireland , Netherlands and Luxembourg .
The Commission is examining whether these countries have unfairly favoured multinational companies including Apple , Fiat and Starbucks .
The EU will make its case that Apple 's tax arrangements with Dublin amount to illegal state aid .
On Tuesday , the Commission will also outline its reasons for launching an investigation into Fiat Finance and Trade , which is resident for tax purposes in Luxembourg .
The Commission will argue that backroom tax deals it believes were struck between Apple and the Irish government and Fiat and the Luxembourg government could constitute a breach of EU regulations on state aid .
'Not state aid '
`` Ireland is confident that there is no breach of state aid rules in this case and has already issued a formal response to the Commission earlier this month , addressing in detail the concerns and some misunderstandings contained in the opening decision , '' Ireland 's Department of Finance said .
Ireland 's corporate tax rate is set at 12.5 % , but Apple enjoys an effective rate of tax of 2 % , due to the way it channels overseas sales through its subsidiaries .
Ireland 's flexible approach to tax is designed to attract investment and jobs to the country . But other European countries say their treasuries lose out , as corporations funnel profits through Irish registered companies that are not resident for tax anywhere .
Apple has denied that the company agreed any special tax arrangements with Dublin .
`` There 's never been anything that would be construed as state aid , '' Apple 's chief financial officer , Luca Maestri , told the Financial Times newspaper .
Apple says it pays all the tax it owes .
'No selective treatment '
Under EU law , state financing for individual companies is heavily restricted . However , previously , tax arrangements have not been considered .
In June , when the Commission announced it would be conducting in-depth investigations into Fiat 's tax affairs in Luxembourg , Starbucks ' in the Netherlands and Apple 's in Ireland , Joaquin Almunia , vice-president for competition policy , said state aid rules should be applied to taxation .
`` Under the EU 's state aid rules , national authorities can not take measures allowing certain companies to pay less tax than they should if the tax rules of the member state were applied in a fair and non-discriminatory way , '' they said .
When the inquiry was first announced in June , Apple said : `` We have received no selective treatment from Irish officials .
`` Apple is subject to the same tax laws as scores of other international companies doing business in Ireland . ''
Payback ?
Commission spokesperson Antoine Columbani confirmed that the outline of the case against Ireland 's tax policy towards Apple would be made public on Tuesday .
`` The decision will set out the Commission 's reasons for opening an in-depth investigation , '' they said .
Following publication in the Commission 's Official Journal in a few weeks ' time , interested parties will have one month to submit responses .
Once the Commission has reached a judgement the EU has the right to recover illegally granted state aid from the company in question . This could amount to billions of euros if Apple is found to have received benefits it was not entitled to .
The EU 's move comes as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development begins a broader crackdown on aggressive tax avoidance by multinational companies .
ANATOMY OF A PHOTOGRAPH An occasional feature where we take a closer look at an old photo of New York City , to give the image some historical context and piece together the situations that led up to it .
I ran the photograph above on Friday in reference to the early days of Pennsylvania Station . But the people cramming onto Penn Station 's platforms are n't waiting for a train . They 're waiting for Sunday .
Billy Sunday , that is , America 's preeminent evangelical preacher in the 1910s .
Sunday was an outsized gospel celebrity , a former baseball star turned preacher who gloried in proselytizing to large audiences , a perfect spiritual fit to the Gilded Age .
By 1917 , Sunday was 65 years old and the most popular religious voice in America . They traveled with their wife Helen — and a staff of over 35 people — to many major cities in the United States in high profile spiritual ‘ campaigns ' . In an era without microphones and sound systems , Sunday electrified audiences with hyperactive body movements , violent eruptions of fire and brimstone , and elaborate presentations featuring ecstatic choirs and even chair smashing .
Chair smashing ? Of course New Yorkers were excited . Sunday pulled into Penn Station on April 1917 , for a series of highly publicized revivals that would run ten weeks . Their arrival in a private Pullman car was greeted by almost five thousand people .
Sunday at first did n't care for New York — calling it a ‘ graveyard for evangelism ' — but New Yorkers certainly loved their Billy , as evidenced in the photo above . Eventually Sunday came to appreciate the New Yorker as well : “ I think New Yorkers are keener than country folk . They are more used to seeing and hearing new things ; they catch on quicker . I could n't give them any Class B stuff ; not even when I was tired or wanted to . ”
Sunday actually had their very own temporary tabernacle built for him , on Broadway and 168th Street ( See below ) , on the site of Hilltop Park , former home of the New York Highlanders ( later to become the New York Yankees ) . Sunday 's wife had spent the months before their husband 's arrival rallying the attentions of New York 's wealthiest business people , including John D. Rockefeller Jr. , to assist in building the 16,000-seat arena .
The Sunday tabernacle was specially built “ to fit their voice , ” according to the New York Times , and also included a private bath for the preacher , “ as the physical exertion of their speaking compel them to make an entire change of clothing after each service . ”
From April 8 until June 19 , 1917 , Sunday engaged thousands with their messages and wild , half crazed performances . Naturally one of their pet causes was temperance ; within two years , Congress would prohibit the sale of alcohol with the Eighteenth Amendment , something Sunday was instrumental in promoting .
Also factoring into Sunday 's success : America entered World War I that April , fueling attendance records . “ If Hell could be turned upside down , you would find stamped on the bottom ‘ Made in Germany , ” they famously cried from the pulpit .
Sunday 's final assessment of the city : “ New York has shown me that its Great White Way is not the pathway to hell that many believe . I know that many who walk the pavements of Broadway are as close to God as I am . ”
New York was the culmination of Sunday 's success . America would swiftly outgrow Sunday 's hammy style by the 1920s and they would soon return to small town chapels and backwoods revival tents .
Of course , New Yorkers have n't lost their interest in high-profile religious figures . Ninety-two years after Sunday took to a former Yankees playing field , pastor and author Joel Osteen comes to town on April 25th … rallying their flock at the new Yankees Stadium .
BELOW : Billy in their New York tabernacle on Palm Sunday
“ You talkin ' to me ? Are you talkin ' to me ! ? Well I 'm the only one here . ”
It 's acting legend Robert De Niro 's most iconic line , and while some young movie buffs may know the film that it comes from — “ Taxi Driver ” — few may know its context .
In the Martin Scorsese-directed masterpiece , which turns 40 this year , De Niro plays Travis Bickle , a deranged , socially isolated cab driver with delusions of grandeur . They deliver that famous line while preparing to assassinate a fictional presidential candidate . Although — spoiler alert — they come up short , Bickle winds up becoming a celebrated , crime-fighting vigilante in a dark , ironic twist .
Scorsese and their screenwriter Paul Schrader were drawing inspiration from Arthur Bremer , a real-life troubled loner , who planned to shoot a presidential contender in 1972 simply to gain notoriety . When their efforts to get close enough to then-President Richard Nixon failed , they settled for surging segregationist George Wallace , who they paralyzed in a hail of bullets .
Released in another contentious election year , 1976 , “ Taxi Driver ” would inadvertently inspire another assassination attempt . John Hinckley Jr. 's shooting of President Ronald Reagan in 1981 was in part provoked by their infatuation with actor Jodie Foster and their performance as a child prostitute in the Scorsese film . It was the film 's unflinching violence which shocked audiences decades ago— but today , it may be the sociopolitical undercurrents of the movie that resonate the most .
RELATED : De Niro decision to pull film ca n't cure Hollywood 's vaccine obsession
On Thursday , the Tribeca Film Festival will be reuniting DeNiro , Scorsese , Foster , Schrader and co-star Cybill Shepherd at a special screening of the film at New York City 's Beacon Theater . Perhaps it 's fitting that in the wake of New York 's primary this Tuesday , where GOP front-runner Donald Trump 's “ America first ” message clearly resonated with a broad majority of the state 's conservative voters , that this film , which tapped into frustration with economic malaise and issues of racial entitlement , would experience a resurrection , too .
“ When the movie came out , a lot of people wrote a lot of stuff about the ‘ politics . ' Forty years later , the movie has accumulated in power as the verbiage around it has evaporated into thin air , ” Kent Jones , the director of the New York Film Festival and the host of the star-studded panel discussion that will follow Thursday 's screening , told MSNBC . “ People complained that the movie was ‘ pro-gun , ' but that 's to drain the richness and complexity out of it and isolate a few details . People have also said that it 's racist and sexist . Well , not the movie that I 've seen , more times than I could possibly count . There 's racism and misogyny in the movie , but … not racist and misogynist , because again , that 's to simplify by means of isolating details . ”
“ Great art really , really is n't safe . At all . It 's dangerous . ‘ Othello ' is dangerous . Mahler 's fifth [ movement ] is dangerous . ‘ The Illiad ' is dangerous . And so is ‘ Taxi Driver , ' ” they added .
Not unlike Scorsese 's most recent hit film “ The Wolf of Wall Street , ” there have long been debates about the filmmaker 's intent . Did Scorsese seek to satirize or romanticize the Bickle character ? Or both ? It 's an unsettling film , which forces audiences to identify with a character who is unapologetically prejudiced , violent and disconnected from traditional social interaction .
“ It 's a film about loneliness and isolation , wanting to be understood and heard in a hostile and unforgiving environment . I do n't really see a scenario where that will stop resonating , ” said Jones .
It was also a film about a certain kind of disaffected American . Bickle is a Vietnam war veteran in New York City at a time when demographics have dramatically changed the look and feel of the community . As they plunge further into disquieting mental instability , the Bickle character speaks broadly about a desire to see a “ real rain ” come and “ wash away ” all the people they find undesirable .
And while it may be trite to suggest that there 's a direct correlation between the Bickle character and the modern Trump voter , they do both speak to a consistent theme in American life : The projecting of problems onto “ the other ” — whether it be immigrants , the LGBT community or people of color in general .
“ I think the movie tapped into a palpable anxiety among members of the middle class and others who were disenfranchised in a way , ” Eric Kohn , deputy editor and chief film critic for IndieWire , told MSNBC on Thursday . They see “ Taxi Driver ” as a kind of “ psychological horror film ” about a person who casts themselves in a heroic light by demonizing people they are n't comfortable with and does n't understand .
“ Scorsese [ as a filmmaker ] likes to scrutinize certain character types that are n't rational heroes , making them protagonists in a way that trouble us , ” they added . “ He wants us to experience things we do n't want to accept intellectually , to create worlds where the moral compass is constructed from the ground up . ”
Within the world of Bickle , authority figures provoke almost as much disdain as the “ freaks ” they serviced nightly in their cab . One such figure is the film 's fictional presidential candidate — an idealistic senator named Charles Palantine . Initially drawn to Palantine , Bickle turns on them abruptly , not out of any kind of partisan hatred but what Kohn describes as a need to “ validate your baser emotions by acting out . ”
“ It is what you see at Trump rallies , this kind of group think that is n't justified from an intellectual standpoint , ” Kohn said . “ ‘ Taxi Driver ' taps into something that is very much rooted in the way our society operates and how people see themselves in our society . ”
And while they believe the film 's “ simmering rage ” can be applied to almost any era , it would be hard for a movie like “ Taxi Driver ” to have the same kind of impact were it to come out in 2016 . “ Today , it would have to make more of a dramatic statement , ” Kohn argues , while conceded that the film 's ambiguity about race , culture and class is in a sense . timeless .
“ If our society has a history of being racist and imperialistic , ” said Kohn , “ It makes a lot of sense that it would impact the dominant narratives that we tell . ”
Relief groups have launched fresh appeals for funds to feed over a million Haitians after hurricane Sandy devastated farmland , compounding agricultural damage from tropical storm Isaac which destroyed 40 % of the harvest in August .
The UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( Ocha ) said up to 450,000 people , including at least 4,000 children under five , are at risk from severe acute malnutrition , a life-threatening condition that requires urgent treatment . With harvests destroyed in most of the country , Haiti 's entire food security situation is threatened , it added .
Although Haiti was not directly in Sandy 's path , the storm last month triggered heavy rains and severe flooding in the west and the south . Rivers which flooded during the storm washed away topsoil , fruit trees and cultures . Eroded banks gave way and protective walls were shattered . Of the country 's 140 communes , 70 were affected by the storm . Water levels are receding , but several areas remain inaccessible due to damaged bridges and roads .
Plantations of corn , beans , sorghum , pigeon peas , bananas , tubers , peanuts , vegetables and rice were entirely destroyed or badly damaged by wind and water . The government , which declared a state of emergency on 30 October , confirmed that over 64,000 heads of livestock were washed away , adding that the drought that preceded Isaac had already caused huge losses .
Significant reductions in the availability of food has led to big price rises – 200 % in some communities at the end of September compared with prices in September 2011 , according to Ocha .
`` As a direct impact of the combined effects of the drought , Isaac and Sandy , the population in affected areas is facing a triple threat of decreased job opportunities , reduced access to food and less agricultural land to cultivate for the coming harvest season ( June 2013 ) , '' said the UN agency .
ActionAid said farmers it works with are reporting crop losses of 70-90 % in their areas and need immediate help to clear fields . They also require seeds and tools if they are to take advantage of the current planting season . `` Crops like corn , rice and coffee that provide food and cash for at least 50 % of families in Haiti are now rotting in fields all over the southern coast , '' said Jean-Claude Fignolé , ActionAid Haiti 's country director . `` Policymakers , donors and humanitarian agencies must act now to prevent a hunger crisis of potentially catastrophic proportions . ''
Nessilo Dorestant , 49 , a farmer from Roseaux in the south-west of the country , told ActionAid : `` We have lost everything . If I do not find seeds and seedlings now , I will have to prepare them myself from remaining devastated crops . But it will take a year for them to be ready and more than six months after to harvest . There is no possible way for my family to survive this long without food . All the farmers are in the same situation . ''
The hurricane destroyed at least 6,274 houses and damaged a further 21,427 according to the Haitian directorate for civil protection . Out of the estimated 31,370 people who lost their houses , most are now living with host families or in improvised accommodation , while 2,949 are still living in 18 hurricane shelters . Hundreds of public buildings , including cholera treatment facilities , hospitals and schools , were destroyed , and infrastructure , notably potable water networks , suffered significant damage .
The UN said the new needs arising from Sandy will require $ 39.9m ( £25m ) in additional funding this year and next . Of this $ 23.2m will be required to finance the first phase to immediately address the critical needs of 1.2 million in terms of food , shelter , sanitation and education . This brings the 2012 appeal 's revised requirements to $ 151m , leaving a shortfall of $ 95.3m .
`` Shortfalls in humanitarian funding throughout 2011 and 2012 have reduced capacities to the extent that there is insufficient capacity under current conditions to meet the additional humanitarian needs resulting from hurricane Sandy , '' said Ocha .
Ezekiel Ox ( born Allan James Davies c. 1980 ) , [ 1 ] is an Australian entertainer , singer-songwriter , filmmaker , actor and political activist . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] They are currently the singer for Mammal , Superheist and Over-Reactor . They also work closely with New Zealand born DJ Marze . They were previously the singer of Full Scale Revolution , The Ox and The Fury and The Nerve . [ 4 ]
Background [ edit ]
Born Alan James Davies in Colac , Victoria , they relocated to Geelong at age six . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] They have a background in opera and musical theatre and studied for three years at Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts in its musical theatre course . [ 7 ] They 're starting performing at the age of twelve , `` because I wanted to '' . [ 8 ]
Music career [ edit ]
Full Scale [ edit ]
Ox was the lead singer for punk rock/alternative-metal band Full Scale . [ 1 ] [ 9 ] Starting out as Full Scale Deflection in 1998 in Perth , Western Australia , Full Scale relocated to Melbourne in 2001 , then they were based in Los Angeles , United States , from late 2003 . After a series of EPs they released their full length debut , Full Scale , in March 2005 and broke up a year later after touring the United States for six months . [ 1 ] Ox re-formed Full Scale under the name Full Scale Revolution in December 2009 with Crutey , Tristan Ross and Ben Brennan , who had all played with Full Scale at different times , but not together . Recently , Ox and original FSD guitarist Jimmy Tee have begun writing new songs , with new rhthym section Leigh Miller and Chris Webber , working title `` Icelandic Justice '' .
Mammal [ edit ]
Ox formed Mammal in Melbourne in March 2006 , with guitarist Pete Williamson ( formerly part of Pete Murray 's touring band ) , bassist Nick Adams , and former Jika drummer Zana Rosanoski . [ 1 ] [ 10 ] They released one studio and two live albums . Mammal broke up on 1 November 2009 , but have since reformed and are playing shows again in 2017 .
Solo [ edit ]
In 2003 Ox released an EP called Winter in Suburbia . It featured seven tracks , most were Ox on acoustic guitar with some backing vocals and occasional percussion . One track , `` The Bottle '' , featured Clint Boge ( The Butterfly Effect ) on lead vocals , with Ox providing backing vocals and guitar . The songs ' lyrics showed a more introspective persona for Ox , probably due to the divorce they were going through when they recorded it ( though a few did feature politically/socially inspired lyrics ) . They occasionally do live solo performances , at which they perform a cover of Bob Dylan 's `` Masters of War '' , as well as songs also performed by them and the Fury . From 2014 , they have a brand-new solo show – a cyber-cabaret – with a loop station , their voice and a guitar . They have also taken to the streets to busk their show on the streets to the people of Australia . In November 2011 , they signed with Cross-Section Management ( Ted Gardner and Scott Mesiti ) , but moved to Pricewar Music Management ( Tim Price – Sydonia , The Blackwater Fever ) in 2013 . [ 11 ] They were fully independent from record labels from 1 November 2009 until May 2013 , when The Nerve signed with Sydney 's Birds Robe Collective . [ 12 ] Their first single `` The Past , Present and Future '' was released in early 2014 , [ 13 ] and received airplay on Triple J 's Hip Hop Show . Ox released the EP Raw Styles in 2014 via Bird 's Robe Records , followed by a tour of Australia . [ 12 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] In 2016 , Ox announced a three date solo rock tour , with full band , in Newcastle , Sydney and Melbourne , in late November . Their debut solo rock band included Drew Goddard , guitar player from Karnivool .
The Ox and the Fury [ edit ]
Ox formed The Ox and the Fury ( initially known as Ezekiel Ox and the Fury ) in Melbourne in 2008 . The band comprised Ox on lead vocals and acoustic guitar , Lucius Borich ( from bands Cog , Juice , The Hanging Tree , Borich x Borich and Floating Me ) on drums , Ben Brennan , Natalie K Marsland and Dom Italiano . [ 16 ]
Their debut album , Guitars Die in Hot Cars was released in April 2010 . As from May that year they had a weekly residency at the Espy . [ 17 ]
Another album was planned for release in late 2010 , but did not appear , likely due to Ox 's commitment to their new project Over-Reactor . [ 16 ] In September 2011 the Ox and the Fury played a gig in Wollongong to support Rock the Vote , and Dallas Frasca sang with the band . [ 18 ]
Over-Reactor is a 'death-hop ' band made up of two members , singer Ezekiel Ox and multi-instrumentalist Cory Blight . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] They have released two full length albums . A third album called `` Cocaine Headdress '' is to be released in July 2017 through Bird 's Robe Records . It took 6 years for the duo to complete this album .
The Nerve [ edit ]
Ox formed rock band The Nerve with Borich , Davarj Thomas , and Glenn Proudfoot . [ 19 ] In 2013 they signed with Bird 's Robe Records [ 21 ] releasing an album called `` Audiodacity '' later that year [ 22 ] .
Discography [ edit ]
with Full Scale
Full Scale ( 2005 ) , Columbia
with Mammal
Mammal ( EP ) ( 2006 )
( EP ) ( 2006 ) Vol 1 : The Aural Underground ( 2007 )
( 2007 ) Vol 2 : Systematic/Automatic
The Majority ( 2008 ) , Shock
The Ox and the Fury
Guitars Die in Hot Cars ( April 2010 )
`` Easy '' - 4:16 `` Lifetimes '' - 5:05 `` Christmas in California '' - 4:54 `` Worried '' - 3:38 `` The 35th of May '' - 4:06 `` Satellites '' - 3:28 `` Those Words '' - 3:21 `` We 'll Never Know '' - 4:41 `` Doorlist Miracles '' - 4:04 `` Machines '' - 3:56 `` Evolving '' - 5:01
Other work [ edit ]
Ox performed a series of spoken word shows called RANT ! in 2006 and then BLOWTORCH in 2012 . [ 8 ] They have appeared in plays and musicals such as Tartuffe , [ 23 ] Mamma Mia ! and Shane Warne : The Musical . [ 7 ] They have authored one self-published book , The Pub . Ox was the subject of David Krebelj 's documentary , Colour , Light , Movement , Sound , which described their career in Full Scale . They have directed their own film clips , as well as co-directing the short The Boy ( with Krebelj ) . Ox acted in feature films Blockhouse Blues and the Elmore Beast ( 2011 ) and The Real Thing .
Political activism [ edit ]
Ox formerly a member of both the Australian Labor Party and Socialist Alternative . [ 9 ] In 1994 they were involved in the campaign to stop the One Nation party forming in Geelong , and also marched for teachers ' conditions , and in the Reclaim the Night Rallies held in their teenage years . Ox is a prominent speaker at rallies against racism and is often interviewed by mainstream print and television news as a spokesperson for various social justice campaigns . They have been involved in fund raising for Community Legal Centre funds , as well as No Room For Racism . They have debated the Deputy Commissioner of Victoria Police Andrew Crisp on National Youth Radio Station JJJ . They were a founding member of the committee for Musicians Against Police Violence ( MAPV ) and COPWATCH in Melbourne . [ 3 ]
References [ edit ]
Official website
United Press International
Mary Travers , whose ringing , earnest vocals with the folk trio Peter , Paul and Mary made songs like “ Blowin ' in the Wind , ” “ If I Had a Hammer ” and “ Where Have All the Flowers Gone ? ” enduring anthems of the 1960s protest movement , died Wednesday night in Danbury Hospital in Connecticut . They were 72 and had lived in Redding , Conn .
The cause was cancer , said their spokesperson , Heather Lylis .
Ms. Travers brought a powerful voice and an unfeigned urgency to music that resonated with mainstream listeners . With their straight blond hair and willowy figure and two bearded guitar players by their side , they looked exactly like what they are , a Greenwich Villager straight from the clubs and the coffee houses that nourished the folk-music revival .
“ She was obviously the sex appeal of that group , and that group was the sex appeal of the movement , ” said Elijah Wald , a folk-blues musician and a historian of popular music .
Here is the complete obituary .
When it comes to cricket , or any other sport , the on-field rivalries are left aside and the contestants largely hold one another in high regard for their abilities . India and Pakistan have been at each other the cricket field for decades , but all the hostility is restricted to the games as they players have often been seen together off it and some of them are seen together on social occasions as well .
Among such rivals are two veterans - Shoaib Malik and Mahendra Singh Dhoni - and Malik thinks Mahi is the GOAT ( Greatest of All Time ) , an unambiguous compliment if you ever heard one .
Malik was involved in a Twitter Q & A session with their fans and one Indian fan asked them what they thought of Dhoni .
To this , Malik 's answer was to the point . `` Legend GOAT , '' they responded .
Legend GOAT — Shoaib Malik ( @ realshoaibmalik ) September 14 , 2017
The response was well received by Pakistani and Indian fans alike .
Indeed Mahi is a legend sir ? ? ? ? Love you Mahii ! @ msdhoni # Shoaib # Dhoni — Nikhil DHONI ( @ NikhilN14512885 ) September 14 , 2017
India and Pakistan last played one another in the ICC Champions Trophy final in the England on June 18 this year . Pakistan won the match decisively but the India-Pakistan rivalries have always been something to fire the imaginations of all concerned .
Malik is currently involved in the Pakistan vs World XI T20 Internationals being played in Lahore . This series signifies the resumption of international cricket in the country after the terrorist attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team near the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore in March 2009 .
During tonight 's broadcast of HBO 's Real Time , host Bill Maher weighed in on the recent flap surrounding Berkeley 's decision to cancel conservative author Ann Coulter 's scheduled April 27th speech .
“ Berkeley used to be the cradle of free speech , ” they stated . “ And now it 's just the cradle for f * cking babies ! ”
The comedian lit into not just Berkeley , but other colleges across the nation , for shutting down speakers who do n't say “ exactly what liberals want to hear . ”
Maher added , “ I feel like this is the liberals ' version of book burning , and it 's got to stop . ”
The Real Time host also took issue with Democrats like Howard Dean claiming that hate speech is n't protected by the First Amendment . “ Yes it is , ” Maher exclaimed .
Hate speech is not protected by the first amendment . https : //t.co/DOct3xcLoY — Howard Dean ( @ GovHowardDean ) April 21 , 2017
S.E . Cupp agreed with Maher , saying that college students need to realize that in the real world there are no “ safe spaces . ”
Watch the clip above ( which includes a brief exchange between Maher and Cupp on Fox News ) , via HBO .
[ image via screengrab ]
—
Follow Justin Baragona on Twitter : @ justinbaragona
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
This morning , People revealed the cover of its 2015 Most Beautiful People issue , starring Sandra Bullock as the World 's Most Beautiful Woman .
This is of note not only because the Oscar-winning actor is indeed very beautiful ( truth in advertising ! ) , but also because , at 50 years old , she 's the oldest cover star in the annual issue 's quarter-century history .
The second oldest Most Beautiful Person was Julia Roberts , aged 42 for their fourth ( ! ) Most Beautiful People cover appearance in 2010 . The last time a celebrity under 30 was chosen to cover the issue was 1998 , when Leonardo DiCaprio ( then 23 , and the youngest Most Beautiful Person in the magazine 's history ) had the honor . ( Beyoncé was on the cover at the age of 30 ; Lupita Nyong ' o at age 31 . )
In fact , People 's choice of Most Beautiful Person has consistently aged along with the magazine in the years since the issue 's 1990 debut .
Advertisement
An optimist would hail Bullock 's cover as a milestone , celebrating the all-too-often unappreciated beauty of older women . A pessimist might suggest that , in spotlighting middle-aged celebrities , People has found a clever way to appeal to its readership and sell more magazines . ( The median age of People.com 's audience is 38 . ) Either way , we 'll take it !
Molly Fitzpatrick is a senior editor of Fusion 's Pop & Culture section . Them interests include movies about movies , TV shows about TV shows , and movies about TV shows , but not so much TV shows about movies .
Tony Woodcock crosses for a copycat try of their World Cup winner .
Wales stares down the challenge of the All Blacks ' haka .
Conrad Smith gets around the the Welsh defence .
Liam Messam crosses for the first try of the game .
The All Blacks gather round Tony Woodcock after they scored in the first half .
Man of the match Richie McCaw powers through the Welsh defence .
Crusaders first five eighth Tom Taylor and Chiefs hooker Hika Elliot have been called into the All Blacks in the wake of the All Blacks 33-10 win over Wales early today ( NZ time ) .
Taylor will join the squad at 7 o'clock tonight ( NZ time ) , while Elliott has remained in London following the New Zealand Maori 's final match of their northern tour .
The pair has been whistled up due to the increasing attrition rate of a tour that 's entering its fourth week .
JOSEPH JOHNSON/Fairfax NZ HEADING NORTH : Tom Taylor has received their first All Blacks call-up to provide injury cover at first five .
Taylor , 23 , will provide cover for Dan Carter , who missed the Wales test with an Achilles injury and is in doubt for next week 's test against England at Twickenham .
Aaron Cruden has been troubled by Achilles problems all season and cramped up in the second half , while Beauden Barrett has spent the week nursing bruised ribs .
After today 's test Elliot , a three test All Black already , is more likely to be required with incumbent hookers Andrew Hore and Keven Mealamu both in doubt for the tour finale .
CHRIS HILLOCK/Fairfax NZ ALL BLACKS CALL UP : Chiefs hooker Hika Elliot on the charge against the Crusaders .
Mealamu missed the Cardiff test due to ongoing calf problems , while Hore faces a likely suspension after king hitting Wales ' lock Bradley Davies from behind in the second minute .
It is the first time Taylor , the son of 1987 World Cup All Black second five-eighth Warwick Taylor , has been called up by the national selectors .
Taylor 's arrival time suggests they received the call before the Wales test , not an encouraging sign for Carter 's chances of recovering in time to play against England .
The other injury concern following a brutal test at Millennium Stadium is loose head prop Tony Woodcock who came off after suffering knocks to their hip and calf .
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen will provide a more comprehensive injury update before the side leave Cardiff in the morning .
Dieter Rams , a German industrial engineer , is one of the most influential designers of the 20th and 21st centuries . They are best known for their work with Braun consumer products .
Among them are the T3 pocket radio — on which the design of the Apple iPod was based — and the 606 universal shelving system .
One day , as the story goes , they asked himself , “ Is my design good design ? ” Their answer to that question gave rise to their famous ten principles . Their ethos is the mantra of modern designers : Less and More .
These principles were born in the realm of industrial engineering , but can equally be applied to web design .
Good design is innovative
Innovative design exists to provide long-lasting , robust solutions to problems that constantly evolve . For example , at the beginning of the mobile revolution , creating a separate website for mobile display was the norm , until responsive web design came along . Responsive web design enables a website to seemingly “ adjust itself ” to any screen size through CSS media queries .
Ishac Bertran devises a clever , more intuitive way to synchronize media across many devices . In this picture , a white circle appears when the phone is placed alongside the monitor . The user here attempts to save a web article for later reading by highlighting the content with their fingers and dragging them into the circle . The cloud takes care of the data transfer in the background .
Innovative design is also feasible and actionable . It 's simple , and it does what it 's supposed to do . At the same time , innovative design is stylish and aesthetically pleasing .
How can you produce innovative design ? Do not let trends trap you . Steal ideas and improve them . Do not copy ; rather , be inspired by the work of others . What you create does not have to spark a Renaissance , but it has to stand out .
Convention is your friend , but do not let it hinder your creativity . It 's okay to be guided by rules and guidelines , but it 's also alright to break them for the sake of innovation .
Think outside the box .
Good design makes a product useful
What use is a very pretty website if users do not find it useful ? The old version of Yahoo is hideous by today 's standards , but , despite the browser limitations of its time , it was highly usable . It functions as it should : an online directory of information .
The Yahoo ! Homepage circa 1997
Study first ; design later . Understand the goals , needs and behavior of your target users . Place yourself in their shoes .
Make your designs simple , but not empty . Do not add more features for the sake of adding features . Use decorative elements to show the crucial aspects of a web page , not to display your Photoshop talents .
Make content readable . Learn the principles of good typography . Use 2-4 typefaces at most . Design your page along a baseline grid .
Dave Gamache 's blog uses effective typography to help users focus on what they have to say .
Good design is aesthetic
Aesthetics is visual harmony . It does n't just refer to being “ pretty. ” Each element of a webpage should be positioned , sized or colored for a reason . If it serves no purpose , it will only clutter up the page , not add aesthetic value to it .
How do you create aesthetic design ? To start , use meaningful colors . Decide on your color schemes carefully ; do n't be afraid to try other palettes . The colors that you choose for your website defines part of the experience it delivers . Study color theory and the psychology of hues .
Colourlovers is a great place to get color inspiration . Create your own palettes and save them for later .
Nature also has an uncanny talent for constructing color schemes — sunsets , plants , animals and landscapes . These objects in nature ( including human features ) that follow the golden ratio are things we find beautiful .
The pattern of seeds in this beautiful sunflower is controlled by the golden ratio . Patterns A and B on the left are what the seed spirals would look like if Nature had used a different irrational number . Pattern C shows the golden ratio at work .
Good design makes a product understandable
If you want to know how to make something understandable , take a look at the iPhone 's lock screen . Have you ever noticed the subtle glow along the slider that moves in the direction in which you should slide ? Subtle yet helpful .
The arrow and the animated glow will tell you that you need to slide the button to the right to unlock your phone .
Navigation is the first thing a user will look for when visiting a website . Online users have short attention spans and fragile temperaments ; if they do n't understand how the home page works in just a few seconds , they leave . When that happens , the last emotion they will associate with your brand is frustration , which ( obviously ) is detrimental to business .
Make menus noticeable , and use concise labels . It 's also a good idea to illustrate processes or steps , rather than dictate them . Gauge your target users ' level of expertise first though . Tone things down for kids ; be straightforward when dealing with a smarter demographic .
Two similar websites with different personalities . Judging by the navigation menu alone , can you tell which one is more customer-centric ?
Good design is unobtrusive
A good website design never draws more attention to itself than necessary . Rather , it should enforce user goals .
Users need to be able to find what they need on the website easily . Let 's take the case of Victoria Secret 's case ; a Victoria 's Secret outlet is designed to have the cashier located at the back of the store . This gives the customer plenty of opportunities — unsolicited ones — to look at other products in the store and get distracted by items that are on sale . This increases the chances that they 'll add something to their basket .
Online , it 's different . The checkout process is straightforward , secure and quick . The goal is to get the customer to buy what they want as quickly as possible . No dilly-dallying required .
The brick and mortar Victoria 's Secret experience de-emphasizes the checkout process . Photo by Dwight Burdette .
Customers do n't have to search for the blouse that the model in the picture is wearing . Many ecommerce websites lack this . The process of having to search for another item is itself obtrusive : it deters the customer from buying and may even lead to frustration .
As a designer , you can either control attention or let it wander around aimlessly . Do n't use colors that clash on pages that contain important information . Instead , use colors to paint a path for the eyes to follow and lead users to what 's important . Aim for succinctness and simplicity . In the example above , the Victoria 's Secret website does not have any ads and it sports a clean design . The navigation , though extensive , is intentionally subtle . This keeps the customer focused on two aspects : the product and the act of buying .
Good design is honest
Some websites incorporate elements that subliminally lead visitors to hidden pages or trick customers into taking unwanted actions . For example , think of complicated opt-out clauses on subscription forms . The double-talk and multiple negatives must be parsed , then tiny checkboxes ( hidden within the paragraph , of course ) located and checked or unchecked .
It 's perfectly acceptable to use design principles to aid users in making decisions and point them in a certain direction , but always be careful not to take it too far . It 's unethical to use these principles to outright make decisions for visitors . Suggesting an upsell is helpful ; using default options to sneak it into their cart just before checkout is deceptive . Honest design should be like a shopping assistant in an upscale department store — not like a carnival barker .
The subliminal force is strong on this page . Notice how three arrows ( including the shape of the photo ) point to the sign up box , while one points up to “ Buying A New Home. ” These are called directional cues . They are subliminal but not misleading .
This honesty means providing an open approach to the user by giving them choices and clarifying the purpose of elements . Links in navigation should always lead to the right pages . Titles should reflect the actual content . Never use dark patterns ; doing so is unethical and will burn you in the long run .
A variant of the “ sneak into basket ” anti-pattern . According to this user , upon their second visit to the Ryanair website , the fare for the same ticket almost doubles . Clearing browser cookies sets the price back to its original value .
Good design is long lasting
There is a thin line between what 's trendy and what 's good . Many trends are justified , but one thing remains certain : they always feel outdated after a while . Good design , on the other hand , is robust and evergreen .
How do you create lasting designs ? Avoid trends like the plague ! Maintain basic usability and structure . Web trends come and go , but the principles of usability and user experience remain the same .
Take a gander at some websites that have maintained their basic structure over the years . Coincidentally , they are also among the world 's most influential brands .
Amazon
Google
Apple
Good design is thorough , down to the last detail
Each element on a web page should exist for a reason . Nothing should be created , positioned or changed on a whim . Thoroughness gives birth to elegance , robustness and timelessness .
To be thorough , give each element the same care and attention that you would the entire page . Every pixel should be important to you as a designer . Rectify your mistakes — do n't hide them . Create a design process that works for you and follow it by heart .
Use a checklist if you have to .
Good design is environmentally friendly
Optimize without sacrificing user experience . Reduce the amount of bandwidth it takes to load an entire page by using optimized markup , web-optimized images , and minified JavaScript and CSS . The less time users spend waiting for your website to load , the more time they have to enjoy it . At the same time , you might even help reduce the energy consumed in serving and rendering your website , thus reducing its “ carbon footprint . ”
A website should remain usable and aesthetic regardless of the device , platform and browser environment in which it is displayed . User experience changes as environments change , and your design should be able to cope . Apply the principles of responsive web design , graceful degradation or progressive enhancement .
Graceful degradation is the practice of building a website so that it provides a good level of user experience in modern browsers , while degrading gracefully for those using older browsers . The design may not be as pleasant or pretty , but older systems will still be able to enjoy basic functionality . Though it is possible to “ force ” older browsers to adapt ( e.g . rounded corners ) , it can only be achieved at a cost .
Good design is as little as possible
Less is more . For many designers though , it 's very easy to get carried away with adding decorative detail .
TeuxDeux is an online task management application that sports a very clean , minimal yet highly intuitive interface . Here 's a screenshot of it in action along with its iPhone app .
Minimizing clutter in a design takes great effort — even more effort than it takes to add elements . The key to achieving simplicity is sticking to the fundamentals of your design . Remove anything that does not contribute to a better experience for your user . With less , you can achieve more .
Define your site 's purpose beforehand . Your website needs to have a strong focal point . As you add design elements to your site , continue to ask yourself questions about their purpose . Will this reinforce or compliment my site 's goals ? How will its absence affect the overall design ? Is this element needed or am I just trying to fill up space ?
Simplify your color choices . Creating a minimal design does n't mean you 're stuck with a black and white palette . Use small pops of color to paint a path for your users ' eyes to follow .
Locate trouble spots . Grab a volunteer or some professional testers and give them a list of tasks ( i.e . purchase a book from your store , contact you for an inquiry or subscribe to your blog ) . Watch closely and see if these are easily accomplished . Do n't give them any hints or tips ; just observe . Did they know where to click ? How many times did they click on the “ Back ” button ? Did they get lost ? How long did it take for them to accomplish a task ?
Conclusion
Good design is the synthesis of all these principles . Applied in web design , these can be powerful tools in creating unique , memorable and effective experiences for your users . Learn them by heart .
JERUSALEM - The Israeli government has approved a Jewish group 's plan to build a museum over a centuries-old Muslim graveyard in Jerusalem , an official confirmed yesterday , in the final go-ahead for a project delayed for years by Muslim opposition .
The museum , which is meant to promote coexistence , is a project of a US-based Jewish group , the Simon Wiesenthal Center .
Israel 's Interior Ministry granted a building permit on Tuesday and construction can begin immediately , said Efrat Orbach , a spokesperson .
Although permits are usually granted by a municipality , authority was transferred to the government ministry due to the sensitivity of this case , Orbach said yesterday .
Muslims sought to stop the project on religious grounds , saying the old graves must not be desecrated . Israelis charged that with their opposition to the museum , certain Muslim groups were trying to establish a political foothold in the Jewish part of Jerusalem .
The project is located in west Jerusalem , which is populated mostly by Jews and has been under Israeli control since the state was founded in 1948 , unlike east Jerusalem , captured by Israel in the 1967 Mideast war but claimed by Palestinians as their capital .
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company .
Air Canada keeps up U.S. push with six new routes , three new cities
Air Canada is pushing ahead with its aggressive U.S. expansion , announcing six Air Canada Express routes and three new destinations .
The cities being added to Air Canada 's route map are Omaha , Providence and Sacramento . Air Canada will connect Omaha and Providence to its Toronto hub while Sacramento will be served from the company 's hub in Vancouver . ( Scroll down for full schedule details )
The three other routes included in Air Canada 's announcement are San Francisco-Edmonton ; Montreal-Baltimore/Washington ( BWI ) and Montreal-Pittsburgh .
From San Francisco ( SFO ) , the Edmonton flights will give Air Canada a total of five destinations . It already flies from SFO to Calgary , Montreal , Toronto and Vancouver . From both BWI and Pittsburgh , Montreal will augment existing Air Canada service to Toronto Pearson .
`` We continue to strategically expand our already extensive North American trans-border network to offer the only services from Canada to Sacramento , Omaha , Providence , and flights from additional Canadian airports to Baltimore , Pittsburgh and San Francisco , '' Benjamin Smith , Air Canada 's president for passenger airlines , said in a statement .
TODAY IN THE SKY : Air Canada unveils new paint scheme , employee uniforms ( story continues below )
`` As the largest foreign carrier serving the USA , we are pleased to offer customers even more non-stop travel choices between Canada and the US , as well as the ability to conveniently connect onward through our extensive global network at our Canadian hubs on North America 's Best Airline as rated by Skytrax , ” Smith added . ( Related : The world 's new No.1 airline for 2017 is ... )
The new U.S. routes come as Air Canada is becoming increasingly global in its ambitions . Since 2015 , Air Canada has announced dozens of new routes to international destinations such as Algiers , Algeria ; Berlin ; Bucharest , Romania ; Prague ; Casablanca , Morocco ; Mumbai ; Brisbane , Australia ; Zagreb , Croatia ; and Marseille , France , among others .
TODAY IN THE SKY : New-look Air Canada woos Americans
But Air Canada 's most aggressive expansion during that time may have come on routes to the United States . A series of expansions during the past two years has greatly expanded the carrier 's presence here , which the airline is counting on to help feed its burgeoning overseas schedules from its Canadian hubs .
“ To many of our customers in the United States , we 're this little secret that nobody knows about ; this airline north of the border that actually flies internationally , ” Air Canada 's Smith told Today in the Sky earlier this year . “ If you want to go to Europe or Asia , you 've got to fly over Canada if you 're originating or ending in the U.S. That puts us in a very privileged position to offer connections . ”
Scroll down for the launch and schedule details for the six new routes announced Wednesday ( Nov. 29 ) :
Baltimore/Washington-Montreal : Begins May 17 , year-round service . One daily round-trip flight will be operated by Air Canada Express on 50-seat Bombardier CRJ regional jets .
Omaha-Toronto Pearson : Begins May 1 , year-round service . One daily round-trip flight will be operated by Air Canada Express on 50-seat Bombardier CRJ regional jets .
Pittsburgh-Montreal : Begins May 17 , year-round service . One daily round-trip flight will be operated by Air Canada Express on 50-seat Bombardier CRJ regional jets .
Providence-Toronto Pearson : Begins May 17 , seasonal for the summer schedule . One daily round-trip flight will be operated by Air Canada Express on 50-seat Bombardier CRJ regional jets .
San Francisco-Edmonton : Begins May 1 , year-round service . One daily round-trip flight will be operated by Air Canada Express on a mix of 75-seat Bombardier CRJ 700 and 76-seat Bombardier CRJ 900 aircraft .
Sacramento-Vancouver : Begins May 17 , year-round service . One daily round-trip flight will be operated by Air Canada Express on a mix of 75-seat Bombardier CRJ 700 and 76-seat Bombardier CRJ 900 aircraft .
TODAY IN THE SKY : The world 's new No.1 airline for 2017 is ...
An Air Canada Express Bombardier CRJ-700 rests at the gate at George Bush Houston Intercontinental Airport in June 2015 . ( Photo11 : Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren , special for USA TODAY )
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2AdRiI6
( CNN ) -- An Iranian woman who 'd already been condemned to death faces another sentence of 99 lashes because of a case of mistaken identity in a photograph , according to foes of the execution .
Iranian authorities imposed the sentence after they saw the photo of a woman without a head scarf in a newspaper , the International Committee Against Stoning , a human rights group , said Friday .
In an apology , The Times of London , which ran the photo on its front page on August 28 , said the woman was wrongly identified as Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , who had previously been sentenced to death by stoning for adultery .
The Times said the photo actually is of Susan Hejrat , a political activist living in Sweden .
Iranian law requies all women , regardless of their faith , to wear garments that cover their hair and bodies .
According to the Times , one of Ashtiani 's former lawyers , Mohammed Mostafaei , gave the paper the photo .
Mostafaei told CNN Saturday that they still think the photo may be of their former client .
The Times said Mostafei told it that Ashtiani 's son , Sajjad , 22 , had e-mailed them two photographs three months ago and told them both were of their mother .
`` One was the widely used picture of Ms. Ashtiani with their face obscured by a chador [ cloak ] , and the other was the one used by The Times ... That showed the full face of a woman , '' The Times said in a statement Friday .
Sajjad Ghaderzadeh wrote in an open letter that another lawyer sent the paper an authentic photo of their mother , but that it did not appear in the Times article . The letter was circulated by the International Committee Against Stoning on Friday .
`` We do not know how that picture was originally obtained , nor to whom the picture belongs , '' Ghaderzadeh said in the letter .
`` My mother has been called in to see the judge in charge of prison misdemeanors and they have sentenced our helpless mother to 99 lashes on false charges of spreading corruption and indecency by disseminating this picture of a woman presumed to be their [ Sakineh ] without hijab , '' they wrote .
A phone call to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Tehran early Sunday morning was not answered .
The Committee Against Stoning said Friday that `` it is Mr. Mostafaei 's responsibility to provide an explanation as to why they have disseminated [ a ] counterfeit photo and information regarding Sakineh 's case ; their action has only led to increased pressure on Sakineh and their family . ''
`` We strongly condemn this barbaric new sentence of 99 lashes imposed by the Islamic Republic against Sakineh and we demand that this sentence be abandoned immediately , '' said the committee .
Mostafei told CNN that Ghaderzadeh three months ago gave them two photos -- one of Ashtiani wearing a hijab ( covering ) and one without it , Mostafei said .
The lawyer said they immediately released the photo of Ashtiani wearing the chador and sent the Times the photo of them without the hijab more recently .
Asked about whether the photo printed by the Times is of Ashtiani , Mostafei said , `` In my opinion it is Ms. Ashtiani . It was given to me by their own son . If it is not indeed her , it looked just like them They were wearing religious clothes in the photo , they had the same face , same everything . ''
Ashtiani was sentenced to death by stoning after they were convicted of adultery . Iranian judicial authorities say a final verdict in their case has not yet been made , ISNA news agency reported recently . In July , Iran 's judiciary said the case was under review .
Ashtiani , who is being held in Tabriz , Iran , no longer has visitation rights , the family told CNN .
The Committee Against Stoning has said that Iran announced they will not be executed during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , which ends around September 9 . Iran 's judiciary could reinstate their sentence of death by stoning , execute them by other means , or possibly grant them a reprieve , according to human rights groups .
Iran 's Judiciary High Council of Human Rights indicated that evidence shows the allegations against Ashtiani `` have been proved right '' and that Iran 's judiciary operates independently as other justice systems do , the semi-official Iranian Student 's News Agency reported .
CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
... financing ... this promotional video for a new Chinese film about the Korean War history to ... rush online as many Chinese feeling this respects Korean people ... that 's a accrue for the elderly Chinese tourists played by actors of visiting South Korea 's capital Seoul ... when the Korean told going is introducing this is the sum of the major upturn say ... I siao with ... I ... now ... with ... what was that bill ... I ... they said ... I ... mean not wrong ... without them ... I ... mean that someone had ... woken up ... still we see today I had been around ... total SA ... the euro took a light keeps looking puzzled ... The Ltd tell them to show how the film which is about showing the soldiers pointing in the Korean will ... there was no immediate reaction from South Korea ... which when he 's going trilling was with and Honshu which uses calling it disgusting ... been shown the director of the film said that the promotional video has nothing to do with them ... nor the bill ... to the Chinese government the three year warranty of the nineteen fifties was needed to resist Americains tastes North Korea ... more than a medium Chinese soldier with this back to the Korean Peninsula to help an old points against the style ... and beat us ... the war ended with the divided Korean peninsula ... as well as millions of casualties ... some of you is reacted to the video on human rights grounds ... one common traits like and the sentiment to the Nanking massacre of knowing team thirty seven when the Japanese army Mexican tens of thousands of Chinese be said is Japanese people who travel to managing bonds that make being that the full carrying the rising sun flag ... how should Chinese people feel about ...
A FAKE doctor who organised a gay orgy at Richmond star Alex Rance 's family home in revenge after the player ended their friendship will appeal against a one-year jail term .
Scott Raymond Thomas , 35 , developed an `` intense friendship '' with Rance after they used a false identity and the prospects of hosting an MTV show to attract the defender , Melbourne Magistrates ' Court heard .
The court heard the friendship lasted for four months in 2011 , during which the pair shared up to 47 text messages a day .
These included Thomas telling Rance they loved them and that they looked like a Greek god .
Thomas stalked Rance , 23 , after they ended the friendship .
They texted the young footballer : `` This is the key words of wat I 'm tryin to help u with - Richmond fc , alex rance , off season testing , ur contract , sanctions , suspensions , media . U best get a heads-up so call me . ''
Thomas , of Newcastle , pleaded guilty to 26 charges , including stalking Rance , using a carriage service to harass Rance 's sister , and obtaining $ 50,655 in cash by deception by selling what was purported to be human growth hormone , while acting as a doctor .
They also admitted making a false statutory declaration , trafficking testosterone and submitting false claims for royalties to the Australasian Performing Right Association .
The court heard Thomas hacked into Rance 's Facebook account and sent their then girlfriend , Georgia , now their wife , a message .
Police prosecutor Senior Constable Belinda Cowley said Thomas also organised a gay orgy at Rance 's parents ' home .
A number of `` suspicious '' people turned up to the home . Only Rance 's grandmother and sister were there at the time .
Thomas also sent Facebook messages to Richmond players questioning Rance 's integrity .
Magistrate Caitlin English said victim impact statements from Rance and their sister , Ali , described a loss of a sense of personal and family safety .
Rance and two teammates did not have to give evidence because of the guilty plea .
Defence counsel Malcolm Thomas said their client went `` to pieces '' when Rance ended their association .
`` There was a close friendship which involved going to each other 's home , having dinners together , seeing movies together , shopping together ... `` Mr Thomas said .
`` It 's clear from reading the text messages that Mr Thomas developed perhaps the genesis of a romantic attachment to Mr Rance . ''
Rance sat quietly in court with their wife , sister , mother and a friend .
Mr Thomas said their client should not be jailed so they could deal with psychological problems , including low self-esteem , partly because of their weight , and post-traumatic stress disorder from a stint in an American prison .
They were previously jailed for deception offences that involved selling tickets on eBay .
Ms English said the crimes required `` considerable ingenuity '' and computer skills .
They sentenced them to 12 months ' jail and fined them $ 3000 .
Thomas was bailed until an appeal in August .
Rance , who has played 74 games for the Tigers , declined to comment .
emily.portelli @ news.com.au
Originally published as Tiger star 's stalker to appeal jail term
AK-Car Design is a less popular German tuning firm that has released this new styling kit for the Mercedes SLS AMG . The new package for the gullwing Mercedes model looks good , and we will remember these tuners if they continue to put out quality work like this . The performance was left stock for the engineers at Mercedes-Benz to worry about , but the highly anticipated car did receive a unique aero kit . Included in the package are new front and rear bumpers , a front grille , side skirts , and a redesigned diffuser with two sets of integrated exhaust tips .
A few extra modifications from the guys at AK-Car Design consist of the large set of 9 spoke alloy wheels fitting flush with the fenders . Decorative trim on the B-Column , and new air vents in the front fenders round out the styling package . Before this tuning kit had been released , Mercedes announced the start of manufacturing the new Mercedes SLS AMG models , so be sure to check back for more when they officially launch this classic car .
[ Source : carsroute ]
Today an important deadline was missed . One of the most shameful chapters of American history was to have been brought to a close with the shuttering of the prison at Guantánamo Bay . President Obama 's executive order to close the prison within a year ( PDF ) , made on their second full day in office , was a bold act that signaled a strong commitment to breaking away from the unlawful policies of the Bush administration .
Sadly , the prison is still open . President Obama has recently reaffirmed their commitment to closing the facility , and that is encouraging . Yet , at the same time , it is worrisome that when Guantánamo finally does close , it appears that some of its most shameful policies will continue on U.S. soil , potentially reducing the closure to a symbolic gesture .
The administration has admittedly run into significant obstacles to closing the prison . Congress , awash in fear-mongering and claims of `` Not in my backyard , '' helped turn Guantánamo into a political football by blocking transfers of detainees cleared for release to the U.S. and launching a failed attempt to block the Justice Department from prosecuting detainees in federal court . But the administration is also to blame , as it has essentially discouraged other countries from accepting detainees by refusing to accept any into the U.S. , fought the release of cleared detainees even up to the Supreme Court , and declared recently that it won '' t release detainees to Yemen . The notion that Americans are made safer by continuing to detain prisoners who have been deemed appropriate for release simply because they come from certain countries will only serve to inflame those who believe that the U.S. has lost respect for the rule of law .
It is vital that the failure to meet the closure deadline does not give in to a sense of inertia or inevitability that the prison will be open for a long time to come . But it is also just as important that when Guantánamo is finally closed , it is closed right . That means that along with closing the facility , we must also put an end to its illegal policies like indefinite detention . Unfortunately , the latest indications from Washington do n't bode well .
Last month , the Obama administration announced its intention to purchase the Thomson Correctional Center in Illinois for the purpose of holding some of the detainees currently remaining at Guantánamo . However , all indications are that some of the detainees who would be sent to the Thomson prison would be held under a policy , unchanged from the Bush administration , of indefinite detention without charge or trial . The Obama administration may have inherited the problems of Guantánamo from the Bush years , but by continuing the prison 's lawless policies on U.S. soil , it would take undisputed ownership of them .
In deciding how to handle detainees , the administration should conduct a thorough review of each case . Detainees against whom there is no credible evidence should be repatriated back to their home countries or resettled elsewhere where they wo n't be tortured . Detainees against whom there is evidence of terrorist activity should be tried in federal courts . The American criminal justice system is more than capable of trying terrorism suspects while protecting both sensitive security evidence and fundamental rights . The federal courts have successfully prosecuted more than over 200 terrorism cases , including those of `` Blind Sheik '' Omar Abdel-Rahman for their role in the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center , `` shoe-bomber '' Richard Reid and Zacarias Moussoui for conspiring in the 9/11 attacks .
No one disputes that the government has the right , under the laws of war , to detain prisoners captured on the battlefield until the end of hostilities . But the Bush and Obama administrations have defined their powers to do so far too broadly . They have used such authority to pick up and detain prisoners from around the globe who they deem engaged in the `` war on terror , '' essentially defining the `` war zone '' as the entire globe . Moreover , the `` war on terror '' will never come to a public , decisive end , so the duration of the war is essentially forever , opening up the possibility that America would detain individuals for the rest of their lives without giving them their due process rights . But even for those detainees at Guantánamo for whom the laws of war would ordinarily apply , the unique situation demands that they be charged or released after so many years of imprisonment without the protections of domestic and international law .
Guantánamo must close , and when it finally does , celebration will be in order . But the illegal policies embodied by the prison must disappear along with it . This moment in time presents a crucial opportunity to turn the page on the tragic policies of the past and firmly reclaim our moral authority . Continuing the failed policies of Guantánamo , on U.S. soil or elsewhere , would be an error of historic proportions .
LUDLOW — Kenneth Alves of Ludlow says has had two Donald Trump for president signs stolen from their front yard on Norwich Road in the past week .
`` This violates my First Amendment rights , '' they said . `` I am not for Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders , '' they said , `` but I would never take one of their signs . ''
Alves supports Trump , the front-running candidate for the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential campaign .
Alves said they do not know who took the signs , but they have ordered some new signs and plans to place a security camera outside their house .
They filed a report Tuesday with the Ludlow Police Department . Police Sgt . David Irwin said the theft would be investigated as a larceny .
Alves says they are a regular guy who works for an automotive shop . They bought their first sign from the Trump campaign and they got their second sign free when they attended a Trump rally last September in Massachusetts near the New Hampshire border .
Alves also sports a red Donald Trump hat that reads , `` Make America Great Again . ''
They said they like Trump because they are not dependent on other people 's money . `` I also like their firmness , '' they said . `` He is a regular guy . ''
Alves said they consider Trump `` a regular person who is a billionaire . ''
In Alves ' opinion , `` America is not looked at with the same strength as it used to be . '' They said Trump would change that . `` Trump wants to deport illegal immigrants , '' Alves said . They added , `` I would have them build the fence . '' Alves said their suggestion is that volunteering to work on the fence would put someone to the head of the legal immigration list .
Alves describes themselves as a conservative Republican . They said they used to be a conservative independent , but their friends told him , `` That 's a Republican . ''
In a country where movie stars are treated like gods , some actors are worshiped like deities .
The 65-year-old Tamil actor Shivaji Rao Gaekwad , better known as Rajinikanth , is one of India 's most celebrated and well-paid movie stars . For decades , fans have regularly bathed pictures of them in thousands of gallons of milk , a sign of devotion usually reserved for Hindu idols .
With every new film Rajinikanth releases , milk becomes so much in demand in some parts of the country that it is stolen from markets , resulting in shortages that potentially endanger malnourished children , officials and activists say .
Die-hard fans can pour about 11,000 to 16,000 gallons of milk a day over billboards and cardboard cutouts of Rajinikanth in the weeks after a new release , said S. A. Ponnusamy , president of the Tamil Nadu Milk Dealers Employees Welfare Association , who opposes the practice . Mr. Ponnusamy said some fans had resorted to stealing milk before daybreak when dairy workers drop it off outside shops .
Last month , before the release of Rajinikanth 's latest film , “ Kabali , ” a box office record breaker , the milk dealers ' association asked the actor to “ sternly admonish ” their loyal fans for wasting milk , and it encouraged them instead to organize blood and organ donation drives outside movie theaters .
One month after Colorado and Washington State voters approved legalized marijuana for recreational use , a new poll suggests that a majority of Americans back the move .
According to a Quinnipiac Poll released Wednesday , 51 percent of voters support legalizing pot for recreational use , with 44 percent opposed . The poll continues an upward trend of acceptance , with legal pot breaking the 50 percent threshold in a Gallup poll last year . In 1969 , support was only 12 percent .
The trend will likely test Congress . For now , federal law puts marijuana in the same class as heroin and cocaine , but evolving national opinion as well as the growing patchwork of recreational and medical marijuana laws in states nationwide could pressure Washington into a more nuanced position .
The dramatic change in public opinion , experts say , has been driven by pop culture and generational shifts , and also a simple reality . While pot is illegal , it is common at parties and concerts . And despite warnings from anti-drug warriors , its impact on society has not been seen as disastrous , they say . In other words , American 's do n't associate pot with images of junkies zonked out on street corners .
`` If marijuana ever became completely legal , then it is likely that more people would use … [ and ] it is also likely that some ill effects would occur from that use , '' writes Lance Dodes in Psychology Today . But `` it is unlikely to catalyze a major shift away from current addictive use of alcohol or other compulsive behaviors , and it is unlikely that the total number of people with addictions will rise significantly . ''
In the eyes of many Americans , particularly in younger generations , the drug is now seen as being in the same class as beer . Some 69 percent of voters under age 29 support legalization , according to Quinnipiac .
`` With the use of marijuana for medicinal purposes legal in about 20 states , and Washington and Colorado voting this November to legalize the drug for recreational use , American voters seem to have a more favorable opinion about this once-dreaded drug , '' Peter Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute , told CBS News . `` There are large differences on this question among the American people . ''
Though boosted by successes in Colorado and Washington , pro-marijuana advocates say their toughest challenge is convincing Congress and President Obama to declassify pot as a Schedule 1 drug – or at least to ensure that Congress does n't interfere with state experimentation on marijuana taxation . After all , Mr. Obama allowed their Justice Department to begin a crackdown on medical marijuana dispensaries despite a campaign promise to not do so .
“ I ca n't nullify congressional law , '' Obama explained in a Rolling Stone interview this summer . `` I ca n't ask the Justice Department to say , ‘ Ignore completely a federal law that 's on the books . ' What I can say is , ‘ Use your prosecutorial discretion and properly prioritize your resources to go after things that are really doing folks damage . ' As a consequence , there have n't been prosecutions of users of marijuana for medical purposes . ”
Congress signaled an unwillingness to change its stance this summer , when the House voted 262 to 163 to defeat a budget amendment aimed at barring the use of taxpayer money to prosecute medical marijuana cases .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Yet both Republicans and Democrats have found political footing on the pot issue in states . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emmanuel ( D ) switched their views on pot this summer by backing a decriminalization bill that was ultimately approved by the city council . And Republican lawmakers in New Hampshire led an effort to allow marijuana use for medical purposes , though the state 's Democratic governor , John Lynch , vetoed the bill .
Such efforts , however , suggest that some `` politicians and their political parties are finally beginning to embrace the potential power of the pro-pot vote , '' writes Paul Armentano on the progressive AlterNet website .
Capetonian Sue McConnell shares their zero-waste journey .
Three months ago the Two Oceans Aquarium hosted a Zero Waste Home with Bea Johnson event , and I 'm reflecting on the changes that I have made in my house since then .
I used to have one single big bin in my kitchen that I emptied into my outside wheelie bin twice a week . A few years back , I started using Recycle 1st to collect my recycling and this enabled me to reduce the volume of trash in my bin . But I was still emptying it twice a week and sometimes had to deal with maggots ( argh ) !
The most transformative change that I 've made is that I 've now got a Bokashi composting bin , into which I throw all my food-related kitchen waste ( that the dog does n't eat ) . The Bokashi bin is great because it does n't smell , it does n't attract rats , and I can take it to the Oranjezicht City Farm ( a lovely outing for me and my three-year-old ) , which swops out the full bin for an empty one .
I have started reading the labels on packaging that I do buy and I was horrified to learn that most of the products that I purchased from Woolworths were packaged in non-recyclable plastic .
Previously , I was ignorantly just throwing all the packaging into the recycling , assuming that it was recyclable . But most of it was n't . So another big change that I 've made is that I 've ( almost ) stopped shopping at Woolworths . I went there this week to buy a bulk pack of chicken schnitzels because they are so good and I have n't found an alternative for them ... Yet .
But I 've found good alternatives for everything else :
The Oranjezicht City Farm Market on a Saturday morning at the V & A Waterfront is amazing , and I can get all my fruit and vegetables for the week with no packaging . I do n't even take the paper bags anymore because , inspired by Bea , I made some fabric drawstring bags and I collect my smaller veggies in these bags , and they go directly into my fridge when I get home .
I now take my glass containers to Komati Foods in Observatory and ask them to fill them with what I need , directly from the warehouse . Then I return later in the day and collect my produce in my own containers ! Fantastic ! Anyone can now sign up to Komati 's zero-packaging service .
I bought my meat from the butcher on Kloof Street and they happily cut it up for me and placed it neatly in my own glass container to take home . I found out later that I was the third person that day to take my own container to him .
The SPAR down the road from me has yoghurt in glass containers , which I really like . Woolworths ' yoghurt has always been a reason to shop there .
The very green friend that I went to the Zero Waste Home evening with advised me to write a list of the products that I regularly buy and then to find a source for each of them that involves no packaging . This is great advice that I 've not entirely finished implementing , but it 's making a big difference to my shopping choices .
Some other experiences that you may find interesting :
My daughter and I took our own cups and teaspoons to the ice cream shop .
I 've done a massive cleanout of my wardrobe , inspired by Bea but also by the Hout Bay fires . I 've probably still got about 50 times more items than Bea , though ! I 've found a second-hand shop in Rondebosch that I like the look of . The size of my wardrobe wo n't permit me to shop there , but next time I need something , I 'll start there for sure .
I 've declined promotional items from a children 's play centre that we go to – a T-shirt , plastic medal , and a CD – because it 's just more stuff to eventually go to landfill .
Once I went to Pick n Pay without a reusable shopping bag , so I just took the basket to my car and unpacked the groceries directly into my boot !
There are still lots of things that I need to work out . I have n't started using hankies instead of tissues yet . I 'm still freezing food in plastic . My daughter is still in disposable nappies at night and they like straws and balloons . I have n't used Bea 's advice on cleaning products ... Yet . And I 'm very interested in inspiring somebody to start up a zero-packaging store in Cape Town .
My mum emptied my rubbish out for me last week while I was away , and they were surprised that there was so little rubbish and that the liner bag was still so clean . They could just tip out the rubbish into the wheelie bin and reuse the liner bag . So the next thing to go will be liner bags !
I 'm scrutinising the rubbish that is in my bin every week and I 'm sure I 'll be able to reduce it further . I do n't think I 'll ever be Bea-perfect , but - yay - I 'm feeling victorious !
It 's Plastic Free July !
In July this year we 're challenging all our readers to join the Plastic Free July movement and refuse single-use plastic items for the entire month . With plastic pollution being one of the top threats faced by the ocean today , we think you 'll agree that it 's time we all step up and make a few small , easily attainable changes .
Join us in saying “ no thank you ” to single-use plastic bags , cutlery , water bottles , takeaway cups and straws ( or more ! ) in July … You 'll be amazed at how easy it is , and how good it feels , to be a little bit less dependent on single-use plastic .
Show us your bag and win a bag !
During the month of July we will be giving away one beautiful reusable bag worth R150 ( designed by Two Oceans Aquarium members and produced locally ) every week . All you need to do to stand in line to win this bag is to show off your reusable shopping bag .
How to enter :
You can take Ryan Fitzpatrick off the table . The Denver Broncos reached out to their agent to see if their asking price was within range and it was not .
Broncos-Ryan Fitzpatrick had initial conversation , price more than Denver wants to spend at this time , and they could revisit talks later . — Adam Schefter ( @ AdamSchefter ) March 13 , 2016
Reportedly , Fitzpatrick is asking for $ 18 million a year . If the Broncos would n't pay Brock Osweiler that much it is doubtful they will come to Fitzpatrick with that number . The 33 year old journeyman quarterback is coming off a career year where they threw for 4,000 yards and 31 touchdowns for the New York Jets . Their career touchdown to interception ratio is also respectable at 154-116 .
Who knows , maybe the Broncos might revisit this if the Colin Kaepernick trade talks do not go down as John Elway hopes . For now , however , they are quite reluctant to come anywhere near Fitzpatrick 's salary demands .
The rigs and support vessels headed to Seattle for moorage and maintenance do not fit under the current permit for Terminal 5 , Ed Murray said Monday morning .
The Port of Seattle must apply for a new land-use permit in order to have its Terminal 5 serve as a hub for Shell 's offshore Arctic oil-drilling fleet , Seattle Mayor Ed Murray said Monday .
“ After talking to the Port about its plans at Terminal 5 and after reviewing the 20-year-old permit for the operation of the cargo terminal , ( Seattle 's Department of Planning and Development ) has found , and I concur , that the long-term moorage and maintenance of Arctic drilling equipment falls outside the current permit , ” Murray said , drawing applause at a downtown Seattle fundraising breakfast for Climate Solutions , a “ clean-energy economy ” nonprofit .
“ ( The department ) has determined that the Port 's proposed use is not a cargo terminal and therefore the Port must apply for a new permit , ” the mayor added . “ I expect the Port to obtain all required city permits before any moorage or work begins at Terminal 5 on Shell 's oil-drilling equipment . ”
The Port 's plans to host Royal Dutch Shell rigs and support vessels in between trips to the Arctic , under a two-year , roughly $ 13 million lease , have drawn fierce criticism from environmental activists opposed to the drilling because of fears about Arctic oil spills and about additional fossil-fuel consumption contributing to climate change .
Shell support vessels already are using the Port , and the company 's 400-foot-long Polar Pioneer drilling rig arrived in Port Angeles last month on its way to Seattle . Some activists on May 16 intend to create a flotilla of kayaks near the Port as a protest .
“ While requiring a permit may not stop the Port 's plans , it does give the Port an opportunity to pause , an opportunity to rethink the issue , ” Murray said . “ This is an opportunity , I believe , for the Port and all of us to make a bold statement about how oil companies contribute to climate change , oil spills and other environmental disasters and reject this short-term lease . ”
The mayor spoke about the Port 's permit in the context of calling for an “ economy of the future . ”
“ To prevent the full force of climate change , we need not continue with the past , ” they said . “ It 's time to turn the page . Things like oil trains and coal trains and oil-drilling rigs are the past . It 's time to focus on the economy of the future . Clean energy , electric cars and transit , green homes and an environmentally progressive business community . ”
A Port spokesperson Monday declined to comment on Murray 's announcement , saying the Port had yet to look at the determination .
The Port 's lease for the Shell vessels is with Foss Maritime , a Seattle-based company working with the oil corporation . Paul Queary , a spokesperson for Foss , said the company will move ahead with its operations at Terminal 5 .
Shell 's vessels are only some of those that Foss hopes to service at Terminal 5 .
“ Our position is that this is a dispute between the city and the Port , ” Queary said . “ When we entered into this agreement with the Port we had a discussion about what we were going to be doing there and the Port assured us that it was acceptable under the current permit . We 're already doing work and at this point we 're going to go forward with that unless we hear differently from the Port . ”
Foss has not said exactly when the Polar Pioneer and the Shell drilling ship Noble Discoverer are scheduled to reach Seattle . The Polar Pioneer is slated to leave Seattle for the Arctic in June .
“ The mayor 's action … raises grave concerns about their stated commitment to Seattle 's thriving maritime community , ” Queary added in a written statement . “ By giving a small but vocal group the ability to jeopardize the commercial relationships between our local maritime businesses and the Port of Seattle , the mayor is casting serious doubt on the future of the city 's working waterfront . ”
If the Port applies for a new permit , the process could take weeks or months , city Department of Planning and Development ( DPD ) officials have said . That could mean delays for Shell 's planned exploratory drilling .
If a Shell oil rig arrives at Terminal 5 before the Port obtains a new permit , the Port will be in violation and “ subject to enforcement , ” DPD spokesperson Bryan Stevens said .
A spokesperson for Shell said the company is reviewing the city 's findings .
Jordan Royer of the Pacific Merchant Shipping Association torched Murray 's stance , saying the mayor is hurting Seattle 's business environment by playing favorites .
“ This eats away at the trust people have that they 're going to get a fair shake , ” Royer said . “ The mayor is using the city 's regulatory authority in a political manner . ”
Revenue from the lease with Foss finalized on Feb. 9 is supposed to help the Port renovate Terminal 5 to remain competitive with other ports , Royer added .
The Washington Maritime Federation also blasted the mayor 's position , warning that “ our ports must have regulatory certainty at all levels of government to maintain global competitiveness , and protect the middle-class jobs at the core of the industry . ”
But Emily Johnston , spokesperson for 350 Seattle , an organization that is part of the anti-drilling “ sHell No ” coalition , called Murray 's announcement “ fantastic news . ”
“ We hope the Port will do the right thing and use this as the rationale for rescinding the lease , ” Johnston said .
Port Commissioner Courtney Gregoire , who opposes Shell using Terminal 5 , said Monday they are n't yet sure what bearing the city 's findings will have on the lease .
The Port 's other four commissioners did n't immediately respond to emails requesting comment .
The entire deal could easily end up in court .
Murray issued a statement late Monday stressing their support for Port business and offering to help the Port find other uses for Terminal 5 .
“ While I disagree with the Port 's decision to service offshore oil-drilling rigs in Seattle , I stand behind our maritime industry , ” they said .
King County Executive Dow Constantine backed up Murray , calling the Port hosting Shell vessels “ the wrong direction for … King County , with our environmental ethic . ”
This was the biggest year yet for Blizzard at gamescom and we had plenty of new and exciting things to share ! The latest expansion for World of Warcraft was revealed , alongside lots of new content for our other games too . If you were unable to attend gamescom , or join us on the live stream , fear not – we 've got you covered . Check out the entire playlist for all recorded live streams during the event as well as many other videos that were released at gamescom . You can also find some of the franchise specific updates in the links below .
With so much new to share , this certainly was an exciting event – but what would gamescom be without the fans ? Here are some pictures from this action-packed week :
The Lehigh Valley IronPigs ( 63-41 ) swept the Syracuse Chiefs ( 47-56 ) in a doubleheader on Tuesday night at Coca-Cola Park . The Pigs won game one by a score of 8-5 before capturing game two by a 4-2 count .
The series wraps up on Wednesday at 11:35 a.m. as RHP Ben Lively ( 4-4 , 3.86 ) will be on the bump for the IronPigs against Syracuse RHP Austin Voth ( 5-6 , 3.45 ) .
Game One
The Lehigh Valley IronPigs used a seven-run second to notch an 8-5 win over the Syracuse Chiefs in game one of a doubleheader on Tuesday night at Coca-Cola Park .
Jason Martinson 's three-run shot off of Pigs starter Jake Thompson in the top of the first gave the Chiefs an early 3-0 lead .
In the afore-mentioned seven-run second for the Pigs , back-to-back solo shots from Brock Stassi and Cedric Hunter off of Chiefs starter Taylor Hill started the inning before Emmanuel Burriss tied things at three apiece with an RBI single and a throwing error from Chiefs CF Brian Goodwin allowed another run to score on the play and give the IronPigs the lead . Leading 4-3 with the bases loaded later in the inning , Nick Williams cleared the bases with a three-run double into the right centerfield gap . The home runs was Stassi 's eighth of the season .
Hill ( 4-9 ) gave up the seven runs ( six earned ) on four hits while walking three and fanning one in 1.1 IP .
Syracuse cut the lead to 7-4 with a run in the third as Christopher Bostick reached with a one-out triple and scored on Goodwin 's RBI groundout .
Goodwin 's RBI single in the top of the fifth brought the Chiefs within 7-5 . Later in the frame , the visitors had the bases loaded with two outs , but Thompson fanned Martinson to end the inning .
Thompson ( 10-5 ) allowed the five runs on seven hits to go along with a walk and three strikeouts in 5.0 IP .
Hunter ( 2-3 , 2 HR , 2 RBI , 2 R ) struck again in the bottom of the fifth with their second home run of the night to give the Pigs an 8-5 lead . The home runs were Hunter 's seventh and eighth of the season .
The multi-homer game was Hunter 's first since May 23 , 2014 with Mississippi ( AA ) and the third of their career .
RHP Michael Mariot ( 1.0 IP , BB , K ) and RHP Luis Garcia ( 1.0 IP , BB , K ) each had a scoreless outing in relief for manager Dave Brundage 's squad . Garcia notched their fifth save of the year .
Game Two
Darnell Sweeney 's go-ahead , two-run double with two outs in the fifth proved to be difference in the game as the Lehigh Valley IronPigs picked up a 4-2 win over the Syracuse Chiefs in game two of a doubleheader on Tuesday .
Trailing 2-1 at the time , the Pigs had runners at first and second with two outs before Sweeney came through in the clutch with the double off of RHP Koda Glover ( 0.1 IP , H ) who had come on in relief of Syracuse starter Aaron Laffey .
Laffey ( 4-4 ) allowed the three runs on three hits while fanning one in 4.2 IP .
The Chiefs jumped out to an early 1-0 lead with a run in the first as Bostick led off with a double , advanced to third on a bunt single and scored on Goodwin 's sac fly .
Darin Ruf 's solo shot off of Laffey tied things at one apiece in the home half of the second . The home run was Ruf 's team-leading 13th of the year .
Syracuse took a 2-1 lead in the top of the third when Bostick drew a one-out walk , advanced to third on a single and scored later in the inning when Jason Martinson was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded .
The IronPigs picked up an insurance run in the sixth to extend the lead to 4-2 as Nick Williams led off with a single , advanced to second on a hit by pitch , took third when Aaron Altherr grounded into a 6-4-3 double play and scored on Andrew Knapp 's two-out RBI single .
Pigs starter Adam Morgan ( 4-1 ) allowed two runs on four hits while walking three and fanning six in five innings of work . RHP Colton Murray ( 1.0 IP , H , K ) and RHP Dalier Hinojosa ( 1.0 IP , 2 K ) combined to get the final six outs for Lehigh Valley . Hinojosa notched their first save of the year .
The Canadian Press
Two men from Toronto are facing drug charges after getting lost near the Canada-U.S. border .
The RCMP and the Canada Border Services Agency say in a joint statement that the men were travelling in a rental vehicle in the Niagara Region on Nov. 22 , near the Peace Bridge , when they took a wrong turn to the U.S. border .
Officials say that to avoid crossing into the U.S. , the men turned around and tried to return back to Canada through a NEXUS lane , but they were not members of the trusted-traveller program .
The statement says border officials stopped the car and conducted a full search of the vehicle , resulting in the seizure of 120 grams of suspected cocaine and $ 10,000 . The men and the seized material were then turned over to the RCMP .
The driver of the vehicle , who officials identified as a 24-year-old man , was charged with possession of a controlled substance for the purpose of trafficking , possession of proceeds obtained by crime , obstruction of justice and breach of probation .
The passenger , a 25-year-old man , was charged with possession of a controlled substance for the purpose of trafficking , possession of proceeds obtained by crime and breach of probation .
Both men have been released from custody and are to appear in a St. Catharines , Ont. , court Dec. 21 .
the teaser for my new show “ Jack Gramenz Is Trying To Win Best Newcomer ” at Adelaide Fringe February 15-23 and Melbourne International Comedy Festival March 28 - April 21 .
the neck , bruny island
what seems to be the problem officer ? i ca n't have been texting i do n't have opposable thumbs
The sophisticated conspiracy behind hip-hop 's rise to genre dominancy …I do n't think hip-hop 's rise to dominance is the result of it being a better genre of music ( though it is ) . I am firmly of the belief that there is a sophisticated conspiracy afoot . Basically , what I think happened is around 2007 Jay-Z or someone of that ilk attended an illuminati meeting , and while sat at a comically large table – but one that 's also perfectly round and quite clearly came from a single , gigantic protected tree like a sequoia – outlined a desire for hip-hop to dominate the music industry . In order for this to happen however , the genre as a whole would need to find a way to appeal to the suburban masses who did n't mind hip-hop but just happened to mostly listen to Eminem . The think tank briefly considered softening their image to combat misperceptions of the genre as violent and aggressive , but this idea was dismissed almost as quickly as it was formulated ( remember this was before Drakewas invited to attend meetings ) . After hours of negotiation , finally the committee stumbled on the perfect solution ; all they needed to do to give hip-hop mainstream appeal was trick white people into thinking they could dance to it… Keep reading at Happy Mag
Holden has confirmed that it will cease manufacturing in Australia by 2017 , saying it expected the move would cost 2900 jobs .
In a statement , the company said it would `` transition to a national sales company in Australia and New Zealand '' .
Head of GM Holden in Australia , Mike Deveraux speaks at a press conference at the Holden manufacturing plant at Elizabeth , Adeleaide , South Australia . Credit : Kate Geraghty
Holden will `` discontinue vehicle and engine manufacturing and significantly reduce its engineering operations in Australia by the end of 2017 '' , the statement says .
`` The decision to end manufacturing in Australia reflects the perfect storm of negative influences the automotive industry faces in the country , including the sustained strength of the Australian dollar , high cost of production , small domestic market and arguably the most competitive and fragmented auto market in the world , '' GM Chairman and CEO Dan Akerson said in the statement .
WASHINGTON – A House subcommittee criticized the Department of Veterans Affairs on Tuesday for inaccurate and unreliable reporting of how much it spends on mail , which lawmakers contended is a sign of larger management issues at the agency .
The VA reported spending about $ 355 million on 200 million pieces of mail in 2016 – making it one of the top spenders on mail in the federal government . But that 's not likely to be the true amount , according to a Government Accountability Office report that states VA spending data is “ questionable . ”
“ After a look at facility-by-facility data , bizarre and anomalous numbers immediately jumped out , and it begged the question whether anyone had ever reviewed and questioned the information , ” said Rep. Jack Bergman , R-Mich. , chairperson of the oversight and investigations subcommittee of the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs .
The General Services Administration collects information from all federal agencies about how much they spend on mail . The 2015 and 2016 data from the VA omitted spending totals from most of its 1,055 community-based clinics nationwide , as well as its 300 veterans centers and its National Cemetery Administration , the GAO found .
Some data was also inaccurate . Bergman brought up one instance of the Atlanta VA Medical Center in Decatur , Ga. , reporting it spent $ 11,257 to send one package . The VA said the true cost was $ 112.57 , and the error was created when someone misplaced a decimal typing the information into the agency 's system .
Rep. Ann Kuster , D-N.H. , the ranking Democrat on the subcommittee , said the VA 's failure on a “ simple and routine ” task like recording mail spending information “ is a sign of a larger problem . ”
“ VA has outdated systems requiring manual data entry , increasing the chance of human error . Employees lack training they need . Programs lack goals , ” Kuster said . “ I believe this is indicative of a larger problem . VA must examine the root causes . ”
John Oswalt , who works in the VA 's information technology office , conceded each of the thousands of VA locations across the country have their own practices for reporting how much they spend on mail . The system needs oversight from VA headquarters , they said .
Part of the problem was caused a few years ago when the VA began mailing prescriptions to veterans , leading to a surge in the amount of mail going out , Oswalt said .
“ We were asleep at the switch , and we let this behemoth go , ” they said . “ Now , we 're bringing it back under centralized authority . ”
Improving the system will require updated technology , Oswalt said . Information technology has been designated a serious problem for the VA for the past two years . The GAO has previously described IT systems at the VA as “ old , inefficient and difficult to maintain . ”
The Veterans Benefit Administration , which sends mail to veterans about their disability compensation and pension benefits , will use internet-based software to roll together information on mail spending from its 56 regional offices , Oswalt said . The implementation will take three to nine months .
The VA is required to report back to the GAO soon with a clear plan of how it will improve . In part , the GAO recommended the agency update its 20-year-old mail policy .
The subcommittee 's analysis into how much the VA was spending on mail started during the last congressional session under former House VA committee chairperson Jeff Miller , who was a dogged critic of the VA .
Rep. Jodey Arrington , R-Texas , called for employees to be held accountable over the issue . They called on the VA to use its new authorities granted under the Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act signed into law earlier this month . The law makes it easier to discipline and fire poor-performing workers .
“ I feel like the taxpayer is being fleeced over and over because of this not-so-exciting issue of operations and management , ” Arrington said . “ This is just a symptom of the root problem , and that 's the lack of accountability . I sure hope our current [ VA ] secretary will roll up their sleeves and begin fixing these things . ”
Wentling.nikki @ stripes.com
Twitter : @ nikkiwentling
Winters are here , at least where I live , and they bring with them the cravings for soups , warm curries and flavorful food . I have for you today a delightful recipe for fish , which is easy to make and is devoid of onions , turmeric and ginger . I have for your today # Keto Fish in Tomato Gravy !
Normally this fish curry is eaten with rice , but you can try it with toasted Keto Bread and it will taste absolutely divine . I have used “ malli ” fish for this recipe , as it is easily available where I live . But you can replace it with any fish you like and adjust the macros accordingly . According to the information on the internet this fish is also called as – Calbasu or Black Rohu in some regions.The fish has a thick layer of fat in the under skin and serves our purpose perfectly .
Prep time : 20 mins
Cook time : 30 mins
Serves : 6
Ingredients :
1kg Raw fish cut in small pieces of about 2 inch size
For the marinade :
2 tbsp Fresh Lemon Juice
2 tsp Cumin / Zeera powder
2 tsp Salt
2 tsp Red Chilli powder ( optional )
2tsp Coriander/ Dhania powder
For the gravy :
250ml Tomato puree , fresh if possible
8 tbsp Olive Oil
2 tbsp Garlic paste , fresh if possible
½ tsp Chilli powder ( optional )
1 tsp Garam Masala powder
1 tsp Coriander Powder
2 drops of Stevia
Half a tsp or about 10g of dried fenugreek leaves or Kasoori methi
Chopped fresh coriander and green chilies for garnish .
Procedure :
Wash the fish well and cut into small pieces .
2 . Apply some salt keep it aside for five to seven minutes and wash well to remove any smell .
Add all the ingredients of the marinade to the fish , mix well with your hands and keep aside for fifteen to twenty minutes .
In a wok heat the oil and fry the fish lightly in small batches . Do not make it crisp and keep it aside .
In the same oil add the garlic paste and fry till golden brown .
Add the tomato puree and the rest of the ingredients of the gravy and lower the heat .
7 . Allow this gravy to cook till the oil separates and comes to the side .
8 . Now add about two cups of water and bring the gravy to a boil .
Slide the fish pieces in this gravy , and allow them to cook on medium heat for five to seven minutes . Switch off the heat and serve hot garnished with chopped fresh coriander and green chilies .
Nutrition Break up-
Cal- 438
Net Carbs- 6g
Proteins- 33g
Fat- 30g
[ amd-zlrecipe-recipe:9 ] Priya 's # Keto Fish in Tomato Gravy
Priya 's # Keto Fish in Tomato Gravy Posted by KETO for INDIA on Monday , 2 November 2015
P. J. Fleck ( Photo : David Dermer , AP )
Money talks . And they 're talking money .
As the hype continues to rise around Western Michigan football coach P.J . Fleck and their possible future destinations , the university 's athletic director confirmed that an effort is underway to keep them in Kalamazoo for the foreseeable future .
AD Kathy Beauregard told The Detroit News on Monday afternoon that the school is working to increase Fleck 's financial package through help from alumni and Broncos fans .
`` We are working to explore ways to raise the compensation for Coach Fleck , '' Beauregard said .
`` We have done that so far to keep them over this past year , and believe Coach Fleck is extremely committed to our student-athletes , university , community and alumni .
`` We are exploring several different options to renegotiate their contract . ''
Fleck , 35 , in their fourth year at Western Michigan , makes an $ 800,000 base salary , tops in the Mid-American Conference . Through attainable bonuses , they figure to make more than $ 1 million this year .
Their contract , an extension signed a couple years ago , runs through 2020 .
With openings at Purdue and LSU and other big vacancies likely coming this offseason , Western Michigan is putting on a full-court press to keep Fleck , who has the Broncos 8-0 -- one of nine undefeated teams in Division I -- and ranked 20th in the country .
`` Do n't just assume we ca n't keep him , '' Beauregard said . `` Coach Fleck loves coaching their Bronco team .
`` We could n't be more committed to explore the options of retaining them as our head coach . Never underestimate what we believe we can make a reality rowing the boat together . ''
`` Row the Boat , '' of course , is the slogan Fleck turned into quite the catch phrase in Kalamazoo and at Western Michigan , which trademarked the slogan in September 2015 , meaning they ca n't take it with them if they do decide to leave .
tpaul @ detroitnews.com
Twitter @ tonypaul1984
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Direct from sell out shows across the globe , Travis Pastrana 's Nitro Circus Live is hitting the UK and Ireland this summer for their first ever UK outdoor stadium tour .
The world 's biggest live action sports show will visit 11 first-time markets including Windsor Park in Belfast on Friday 10th June 2016 .
Fans from across the UK will be given the opportunity to see the most explosive event in extreme sports and witness death-defying stunts , amazing tricks and unbelievable world firsts that have yet to be seen ( even in competition ) .
Nitro 's cast of daredevils will perform the most incredible choreographed riding routines ever in freestyle motocross ( FMX ) , BMX , skate and much more .
Highlights include the explosive “ Nitro Bomb ” featuring all riders flipping simultaneously . Plus , during FMX trains , riders will slice through the air wheel-to-wheel , mere inches apart .
Nitro Circus athletes will also brave the ( in ) famous 40-foot Giganta ramp , which will launch a host of ridiculous contraptions like trikes , a penny farthing , a lounge chair , a bathtub and much more .
All of this mayhem in one show , requiring more than 15 trucks and 50 crew members to transport and set up , adds up to a theatrical spectacular area fans have never experienced before .
This will be one of the biggest , if not the most massive , entertainment production ever to come to venues across the UK .
Michael Porra , Nitro Circus CEO and creative director , said : “ We are so excited to bring the biggest , most daring action sports production ever staged to the UK . Our insane group of athletes performs stunts that you literally can not see anywhere else on the planet .
`` We 're constantly pushing each other to break records and do things that people previously thought was physically impossible . We had an epic time in the UK this year , and we were pumped on just how many people came out to see us .
`` Now we 're ready to show a whole bunch of new cities and towns what we 're all about . This is our first series of UK outdoor shows and we 're performing at some awesome outdoor locations . ”
Irish FA Chief Executive Patrick Nelson said : “ We are delighted to welcome Nitro Circus to the National Football Stadium at Windsor Park .
`` It will be the first large scale non-football sporting event to be staged at the redeveloped stadium and is in keeping with our plans to make it more than just a football stadium .
`` We want it to be a venue for concerts and entertainment , large scale community activities and other sports events , so Nitro Circus is a great first step in that direction . ”
Tickets for the tour are on sale on Friday , 12th February from 10am via the Nitro Circus Live website .
MORE :
The pilot of a Southwest Airlines flight headed to RDU went on the loudspeaker and told passengers their plane was going down , according to a woman on board the flight .
`` He said , we 're going down . And everyone is looking around like , is this a joke ? Are they serious ? And then you felt the nosedive , '' passenger Shelley Wills said .
Wills told ABC11 the Tuesday night flight from Tampa took a nosedive thousands of feet in the air while they were about 100 miles away from RDU .
Wills is a nurse and tried helping the first-time flier seated next to them who was clutching them chest .
`` I 'm thinking oh my God , she 's going to scare themselves into a heart attack , '' Wills said .
They said people all around them pulled out their cell phones in a desperate attempt to reach their loved ones . They texted their daughter and their husband , but the messages did not go through .
`` It says I love you Alyssa . My plane is going down , '' they read . `` I thought I was going to die and that 's what everyone on that plane thought . That we were all going to die , just by one word of the captain . I just think they could have handled it a little differently . ''
Minutes after the plane dropped , Wills said the Boeing 737 leveled out and went on to land at RDU .
`` And the last words were thanked you for hanging with us , '' Wills said .
Southwest Airlines issued this statement regarding the incident :
`` Flight 3426 experienced a maintenance alert as they were on descent into RDU . The Captain declared an emergency and descended the aircraft to 25,000 feet where the alert was resolved . Throughout the remainder of the descent the flight was normal , landed uneventfully , and was not met by emergency vehicles . ''
- Michelle Agnew - Southwest Airlines communication specialist
ABC11 has learned that the maintenance alert went off due to irregular cabin pressure . The FAA is now investigating .
According to FlightStats , WN Flight-3426 arrived at RDU two minutes ahead of schedule at 6:08pm . The plane went on to BWI at 7:32 p.m. , 66 minutes behind schedule .
There have been a total of 72 crashes involving Boeing 737 out of over 175 million flights . This statistic makes the Boeing 737 one of the safest planes ever made .
See It On TV | Report A Typo | Send Tip | Get Alerts | Send us photos
Follow @ abc11 on Twitter | Become a fan on Facebook
TeamLiquid ESPORTS Profile Joined July 2011 1 Post # 1 TeamLiquid is looking to recruit writers to help with covering the various BW leagues in 2017 as well as individuals who would be interested in helping keep BW TLPD up to date .
Description : As a BW writer , you will be responsible for writing recaps , previews , feature articles and more than needed . The written pieces can be concise or lengthy , heavily dependent on what is being covered . They should be done in a timely manner as well . Positions are not paid and are on a strictly voluntary basis .
How to Apply : Send an application containing the following information to
Your TeamLiquid.net ID and Skype information . For coordination purposes , we require writers to use Skype .
Short introduction and relevant background information as it pertains to this position . Please do not send resumes .
Availability and desired workload .
Applications are open indefinitely .
Two test writing assignments must also be completed .
Tournament Recap - Example 1 - Example 2 - Example 3
Write a recap of a single day or an event that recently unfolded in the BW scene ( GG event , ATB2 and other online tournaments are options ) . Try to tell a story and be as creative as you like . Be concise or go all out ; there are no limitations so long as the piece is interesting to read . Examples provided above are for reference only and show several different approaches when it comes to doing recaps .
- Example 1 - Example 2 - Example 3 Write a recap of a single day or an event that recently unfolded in the BW scene ( GG event , ATB2 and other online tournaments are options ) . Try to tell a story and be as creative as you like . Be concise or go all out ; there are no limitations so long as the piece is interesting to read . Examples provided above are for reference only and show several different approaches when it comes to doing recaps . Preview Article - Example 1 - Example 2 - Example 3
Write an article previewing a group ( s ) or a main storyline leading into the tournament . A main storyline includes , but is not limited to , looking at a tournament favorite or popular player going into the event and any tournament specific storylines . Considering that ASL4 is set to start towards the end of August , a preview article could focus on that tournament in particular . The possibility of Flash taking a third ASL championship is one example . Be as creative as you like and make the article an entertaining read . As a BW writer , you will be responsible for writing recaps , previews , feature articles and more than needed . The written pieces can be concise or lengthy , heavily dependent on what is being covered . They should be done in a timely manner as well . Positions are not paid and are on a strictly voluntary basis.Send an application containing the following information to BigFan and/or 2Pacalypse- must also be completed . Description : As a BW TLPDer , you will be responsible for keeping TLPD up to date with results being inputted in a timely manner . This position is not paid and is on a strictly voluntary basis . If your application is accepted , you will have the honor of having the great Epoxide teach you the ways of TLPD . A once in a life opportunity and only few positions remain ! Apply today !
How to Apply : Send an application containing the following information to
Your TeamLiquid.net ID and Skype information . For coordination purposes , we require staff to use Skype .
Short introduction of yourself . Please do not send resumes .
Availability and desired workload .
Applications are open indefinitely .
Seeing as TLPD is central to TeamLiquid and the BW community , this position entails a lot of trust . Please provide some examples of work that you have done either in this community or another that show your passion and dedication to the game . Basically , show us that you are a trustable individual considering the importance of TLPD . Do n't forget to provide any other relevant background information that pertain to this position .
As a BW TLPDer , you will be responsible for keeping TLPD up to date with results being inputted in a timely manner . This position is not paid and is on a strictly voluntary basis . If your application is accepted , you will have the honor of having the great Epoxide teach you the ways of TLPD . A once in a life opportunity and only few positions remain ! Apply today ! Send an application containing the following information to BigFan and/or 2Pacalypse- Seeing as TLPD is central to TeamLiquid and the BW community , this position entails a lot of trust . Please provide some examples of work that you have done either in this community or another that show your passion and dedication to the game . Basically , show us that you are a trustable individual considering the importance of TLPD . Do n't forget to provide any other relevant background information that pertain to this position .
XERX Profile Joined April 2017 85 Posts # 2 its happeninG
739 Profile Blogs Joined May 2009 Bearded Elder 14680 Posts # 3 Yay ~~ Good luck to everyone ! Writer Salty oldboy that loves memes | One and only back-to-back Liquibet Winner
GGzerG Profile Blog Joined January 2010 United States 9295 Posts # 4 Amazing , I would love to help but I would rather be involved with TLStrat BW Style . I will ponder the thought of applying , I think I could do well .... thanks for this awesome opportunity for everyone ! AKA : TelecoM [ WHITE ] Protoss fighting
mitareswari Profile Joined August 2017 Indonesia 1 Post # 5 really ? recruitment for team liquid ? i 'm so excited . may i 'll be good luck It does not matter where you come from The important thing is where you will go
sabas123 Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Netherlands 3016 Posts Last Edited : 2017-08-11 10:32:32 # 6
A once in a life opportunity and only few positions remain ! Apply today !
Applications are open indefinitely .
Its technically correct , the best kind of correct .
Best of luck to the chosen ones ! ! ! ~~~ Its technically correct , the best kind of correct.Best of luck to the chosen ones ! ! ! ~~~ The harder it becomes , the more you should focus on the basics .
GeckoXp Profile Blog Joined June 2013 Germany 1807 Posts # 7 what ever happened to the ABC stuff ? `` Was macht Gecko da aus meiner BWCL . '' - Annihilator
onlystar Profile Joined March 2015 United States 656 Posts # 8 im really against this if you take a look at what kind of `` content '' sc2 writers put out its a complete joke every tiny event or round that is done in some tourney is posted in an article its non-content .
prefer people to write something interesting instead of the obvious
BLinD-RawR Profile Blog Joined April 2010 ALLEYCAT BLUES 43985 Posts # 9 On August 11 2017 19:36 onlystar wrote :
im really against this if you take a look at what kind of `` content '' sc2 writers put out its a complete joke every tiny event or round that is done in some tourney is posted in an article its non-content .
prefer people to write something interesting instead of the obvious
but is n't that what we do too , we do a recap and preview of each game week of a tournament and the reality is that even that we are stretched thin to do with our real life commitments .
but is n't that what we do too , we do a recap and preview of each game week of a tournament and the reality is that even that we are stretched thin to do with our real life commitments . On August 11 2017 19:35 GeckoXp wrote :
what ever happened to the ABC stuff ?
we are recruiting so that we can do more stuff and bring back ABC , it comes down to interest , time and commitment . we are recruiting so that we can do more stuff and bring back ABC , it comes down to interest , time and commitment . Moderator Woo Jung Ho , never forget.| Twitter : @ BLinDRawR
Aquila Magna Profile Blog Joined April 2014 Germany 38 Posts # 10 On August 11 2017 19:36 onlystar wrote :
im really against this if you take a look at what kind of `` content '' sc2 writers put out its a complete joke every tiny event or round that is done in some tourney is posted in an article its non-content .
prefer people to write something interesting instead of the obvious
Seriously why not put out ideas for `` something interesting '' instead of a complaint , which is nonsensical anyway because who the hell forces you to read the coverage that 's done by TL ?
I 'm more interested in SC2 but I like that BW fans have this opportunity . I hope this goes well for everybody Seriously why not put out ideas for `` something interesting '' instead of a complaint , which is nonsensical anyway because who the hell forces you to read the coverage that 's done by TL ? I 'm more interested in SC2 but I like that BW fans have this opportunity . I hope this goes well for everybody Semper fidelis .
Peeano Profile Blog Joined March 2009 Netherlands 3126 Posts # 11
More work ?
Awaiting orders .
Oh nvm , that 's WC2 I come to serve.More work ? Awaiting orders.Oh nvm , that 's WC2 FBH # 1 ! Trying my best to continue TLPD .
Peeano Profile Blog Joined March 2009 Netherlands 3126 Posts Last Edited : 2017-08-11 11:18:47 # 12 I already do what I can find most important , however I could definitely do more . Let me know . Give me tasks for TLPD all I 'll be happy to work on it and I 'm also happy to learn . FBH # 1 ! Trying my best to continue TLPD .
DSK Profile Blog Joined February 2015 England 934 Posts # 13 What is involved in the TLPD work ? From what I remember reading somewhere here it was a very lengthy and arduous process . Where do you get the results from , how are the records collated and imported etc ? . * * @ YT : SC2POVs at https : //www.youtube.com/c/SC2POVsTV | SC2 First-person POV archive of 5,300+ VODs @ * *
WGT-Baal Profile Blog Joined June 2008 France 2379 Posts # 14 Oh my god , it s a shame this isnt 2007 . I would love to write for TL but I m too busy nowadays ... Good luck to all applicants ! < 3 WGTour.com ! Proud fan of CJ Entus from 2006 to 2016 . Long live bw !
c3rberUs Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Japan 11274 Posts # 15 If a writer as terrible as me can get in so can anyone . Writer Movie , 진영화 : `` StarCraft will never die '' .
Peeano Profile Blog Joined March 2009 Netherlands 3126 Posts Last Edited : 2017-08-11 12:38:47 # 16 On August 11 2017 21:36 c3rberUs wrote :
If a writer as terrible as me can get in so can anyone .
^^ ^^ FBH # 1 ! Trying my best to continue TLPD .
KungKras Profile Joined August 2008 Sweden 401 Posts # 17 Does this mean BW news will return to the TL frontpage ? `` When life gives me lemons , I stomp them into the ground and go look for oranges ''
GeckoXp Profile Blog Joined June 2013 Germany 1807 Posts # 18 On August 11 2017 19:46 BLinD-RawR wrote :
Show nested quote +
On August 11 2017 19:36 onlystar wrote :
im really against this if you take a look at what kind of `` content '' sc2 writers put out its a complete joke every tiny event or round that is done in some tourney is posted in an article its non-content .
prefer people to write something interesting instead of the obvious
but is n't that what we do too , we do a recap and preview of each game week of a tournament and the reality is that even that we are stretched thin to do with our real life commitments .
Show nested quote +
On August 11 2017 19:35 GeckoXp wrote :
what ever happened to the ABC stuff ?
we are recruiting so that we can do more stuff and bring back ABC , it comes down to interest , time and commitment . but is n't that what we do too , we do a recap and preview of each game week of a tournament and the reality is that even that we are stretched thin to do with our real life commitments.we are recruiting so that we can do more stuff and bring back ABC , it comes down to interest , time and commitment .
I would help out for foreign related things . I do n't think some sort of application would be neccessary , as it seems the focus will be Korea again . I would help out for foreign related things . I do n't think some sort of application would be neccessary , as it seems the focus will be Korea again . `` Was macht Gecko da aus meiner BWCL . '' - Annihilator
BLinD-RawR Profile Blog Joined April 2010 ALLEYCAT BLUES 43985 Posts # 19 On August 11 2017 22:20 KungKras wrote :
Does this mean BW news will return to the TL frontpage ? Does this mean BW news will return to the TL frontpage ?
when was it not ?
literally all of our coverage has been on the front page . when was it not ? literally all of our coverage has been on the front page . Moderator Woo Jung Ho , never forget.| Twitter : @ BLinDRawR
Mizenhauer Profile Blog Joined February 2015 United States 973 Posts Last Edited : 2017-08-11 14:35:55 # 20 On August 11 2017 19:36 onlystar wrote :
im really against this if you take a look at what kind of `` content '' sc2 writers put out its a complete joke every tiny event or round that is done in some tourney is posted in an article its non-content .
prefer people to write something interesting instead of the obvious
The four feature articles I 've written since the turn of the year covered a variety of subjects , none of which was directly related to tournaments . If you proved to be a worthy applicant and were capable of producing interesting original content , I 'm fairly certain the editors will be thrilled to enable you and make those projects a reality . I 've only worked with the SC2 staff , but I 'm sure those over in the BW division are equally wonderful people . The four feature articles I 've written since the turn of the year covered a variety of subjects , none of which was directly related to tournaments . If you proved to be a worthy applicant and were capable of producing interesting original content , I 'm fairly certain the editors will be thrilled to enable you and make those projects a reality . I 've only worked with the SC2 staff , but I 'm sure those over in the BW division are equally wonderful people . Writer ┗|∵|┓
1 2 3 4 Next All
Software piracy is a big issue , there is no questioning that . What is there to be questioned is exactly what needs to be done to combat it . One of the measures being proposed currently in the U.S. Congress is the Stop Online Piracy Act ( SOPA ) and it appears to have garnered the support of some of the bigger companies in our beloved gaming industry .
According to a document hosted by the Global Intellectual IP Center , which has since been taken down , Nintendo , Sony , and Electronic Arts sponsored a measure recommended to Congress similar to eh current SOPA movement . For those a little lost in the details , the SOPA bill would allow the United States government to set up a government firewall for all Internet access within the U.S. to block out sites that were deemed “ unwanted ” . Basically , they could cut off any and all access to any site that feel infringes on a U.S. copyright .
It is a little scary to think that such censorship would be freely available to our government despite the severity of the piracy situation . Do we really want Big Brother controlling what sites you can or can not access ? We 're not sure how we feel about that , and even more confused as to why someone like Nintendo or Sony would support such a movement .
Let us know what you think in the comments below .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
CALAIS , France , July 30 ( Reuters ) - Migrants massed around the entrance to the Channel Tunnel said on Thursday they would keep trying to sneak across to Britain , undaunted by the arrival of 120 extra riot police on the French side .
A police officer said the number of migrants trying to enter Britain eased slightly overnight compared to earlier in the week , with about 800 migrants around the site and some 300 intercepted by police .
That compared to an estimated 1,500 attempts by migrants to enter the tunnel on Tuesday night and 2,000 on Monday . Some were probably repeat attempts by the same people .
Some 3,000 migrants live around the tunnel entrance in a makeshift camp known as “ The Jungle ” , making the northern French port one of the frontlines in Europe 's wider migrant crisis alongside Italian and Greek islands used an an entry point for those crossing the Mediterranean from Africa or the Middle East .
Freight and passenger traffic through the rail tunnel have been severely disrupted in past weeks as migrants desperate to enter Britain have stepped up attempts to board trucks and trains traveling from France .
“ All Europe , you know that the England is good . All , everybody knows that , ” a 25-year-old Sudanese migrant who gave their name only as Mohammed told Reuters .
They said they wanted to join their brother in Britain .
“ I want to meet family there , he 's waiting ( for ) me , you know , ” said the young man , who traveled across the Mediterranean on a boat from Libya . “ I do n't have money now , I do n't have a future . I do n't have anything . No eat , no sleep , no shower , no house . ”
The humanitarian and immigration crisis , in which nine migrants have died since early June according to French media , has turned into a blame game between Channel Tunnel operator Eurotunnel and French and British politicians .
Eurotunnel and interior ministry officials were to meet on Thursday to discuss how to cooperate better and improve infrastructure .
“ HYPOCRITICAL ”
Former French transport minister Frederic Cuvillier , now a lawmaker from Francois Hollande 's Socialist party , told iTele that Britain 's stance was “ hypocritical ” and blamed it for choosing not to be part of Europe 's border-free Schengen area .
“ This is what happens when you 're not part of Schengen , there are blockages and unacceptable humanitarian situations when you let others handle the problems you have created yourself , ” they said .
Anti-EU parties on both sides of the Channel have seized on the drama to insist that national borders be better defended .
On the other side of the Channel , the leader of Britain 's anti-EU UKIP party Nigel Farage called in a video posted on the Daily Telegraph 's website for British troops to check all vehicles arriving in the country .
“ It 's pretty frightening , you 're sitting there in the car , stuck in the motorway , and there are scores of people all around you , ” they said , describing what they said was their own experience of driving across the Channel .
“ I even had one trying to open the backdoor of the passenger seat , ” they said .
Britain 's ambassador to France , Peter Ricketts , tried to ease tensions , telling Europe 1 radio that Britain and France were working well together on the issue .
“ Britain is not an Eldorado for those who want to work in the black economy . We have tightened access to benefits , ” they said .
But near Calais , migrants were undeterred .
“ Yeah , I know , it 's danger , but I have no passport . Have no anything . Then I try with train , but the police of France is not good , ” a 20-year-old female migrant who did not give their name but said they came from Eritrea in East Africa said .
The young woman arrived in Calais one week ago after they made the perilous journey across the Mediterranean from Libya . They said they wanted to travel to England to teach .
“ I like England . To teach , more teaching , to work , plus in my country there are problems , like politics , plus religion . That 's why I 'm coming to England , ” they said . ( Additional reporting by Sophie Louet and Ingrid Melander in Paris and Pierre Savary in Lille ; Writing by Ingrid Melander ; Editing by Mark John and Angus MacSwan )
BOSTON – After consulting with a number of doctors both within the Celtics organization and outside of it , it has become a matter of when – not if - Kelly Olynyk will have to have surgery on their right shoulder .
But Olynyk is n't quite ready to commit to having it surgically repaired this summer , a summer in which the Canadian National team for which they are a key member , is still in the process of trying to qualify for the summer Olympics in Rio .
“ If I rest it , I would definitely partake in the Olympic ( qualifying tournament ) , ” Olynyk told CSN at a fundraising event for Horizons for Homeless on Sunday . “ That would be the reason to not get surgery at this point . If you rest it , it 'll get better but never solve the problem . That 's what we 're looking at . ”
If Olynyk does decide to have surgery , he 'll have to make that call within the next week or so .
Doctors have indicated to Olynyk that their recovery time from surgery on the right shoulder would be around five months .
Getting surgery immediately would still likely result in them missing some or all training camp . And depending on how their shoulder responds following surgery , they could potentially miss the start of the season .
That 's why Olynyk said he 'll make a decision very soon .
“ I 'm still looking at it , ” Olynyk said . “ Probably make a decision sooner than later because the recovery is so long if you do get it . It 's hard to give up , Olympics , but when you do look at it , if you get hurt it 's even worse to give up the next season . It 's a tough decision . ”
“ The doctors are saying it 's kind of inevitable , ” Olynyk said .
Which is why if you 're betting on how this all plays out , you can expect Olynyk will have surgery and return in time for the Celtics to begin the 2016-2017 season .
This past season , Olynyk suffered a right shoulder injury against the Los Angeles Clippers in the last game prior to the All-Star break .
Olynyk went on to miss 12 regular season games due to the injury in addition to a pair in the playoffs . And when they did play , they struggled mightily in part because of the injury .
Last season , Olynyk averaged 10.0 points per game while shooting 45.5 percent from the field and career-high 40.5 percent on 3s .
ROME ( Reuters ) - Italian cyber-security firm Hacking Team said a government might have been behind a massive hack of its systems and warned that the subsequent leaking of its computer codes could prove a field day for criminals .
Unknown hackers last week downloaded 400GB of data from the firm , which makes surveillance software that allows law enforcement and intelligence agencies to tap into the phones and computers of suspects .
Much of the data , including thousands of private corporate emails , has since been dumped onto the Wikileaks website . The source code of a number of its top secret programs has also been published online .
“ Given its complexity , I think that the attack must have been carried out at a government level , or by someone who has huge funds at their disposal , ” David Vincenzetti , the CEO of Hacking Team , told Sunday 's La Stampa newspaper .
They did not speculate on who it might have been .
The company has advised clients to halt their use of its programs until they can upgrade the compromised software , but warned that all computer systems might now be vulnerable .
“ Hacking Team 's investigation has determined that sufficient code was released to permit anyone to deploy the software against any target of their choice , ” the company said in a statement on its Internet site .
“ Terrorists , extortionists and others can deploy this technology at will if they have the technical ability to do so . ”
The same site still prominently promotes its now exposed products : “ Total control over your targets . Log everything you need . Always . Anywhere they are , ” it says .
The leaked emails show that the Hacking Team worked with numerous state institutions in an array of countries , including Italy , the United States and Australia .
It also had dealings with countries criticized for their human rights records , such as Libya , Egypt , Ethiopia , Kazakhstan , Morocco , Nigeria , Saudi Arabia and Sudan .
Breaking their silence almost a week after the hack was uncovered , Vincenzetti defended their choice of clients , saying they had never broken international trade law .
They said that when their firm realized Ethiopia was using its software to spy on a journalist , it asked for an explanation and then ended the contract .
The 12-year-old Hacking Team was named as one of five private-sector “ Corporate Enemies of the Internet ” in a 2012 report by Reporters Without Borders .
The world 's great tobacconists offer far more than pipes , cigars and related merchandise . They offer knowledge and advice . What cigar suits you best ? A top tobacconist will know , after asking one or two diagnostic questions . Here the neophyte to briars can receive patient , hands-on instruction in the arts of filling , tamping , lighting and smoking a pipe . With any luck , the imparting of lore and wisdom takes place in surroundings uncommonly comfortable -- perhaps with a fireplace crackling in the background and a wing-backed chair or two inviting the smoker to relax . `` Relax '' is the operative word . With tobacco 's enemies strident and implacable , a great tobacconist provides a haven from the storm . What Notre Dame was to Quasimodo , these friendly shops have become to the persecuted that puff . Does even your mother threaten to turn you out if you light up ? Here you will be welcome , at these houses of holy smoke .
< /p > < p > < script language= '' JavaScript '' src= '' /scripts/popit.js '' > < /script > < /p > < p >
Texas Rangers third baseman Adrian Beltre ( 29 ) arrives for batting practice before Game 1 of the ALDS between the Texas Rangers and the Toronto Blue Jays at Rogers Centre in Toronto , Canada on Wednesday , October 7 , 2015 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
ARLINGTON - One day before the start of what could be their final season with the Rangers , Adrian Beltre said he 's still waiting to hear back from the club on a contract proposal regarding a possible extension .
Beltre said Sunday that they and their representative Scott Boras were supposed to hear back from the Rangers on a proposal `` about two weeks ago , '' but that has not transpired . On Saturday , Rangers general manager Jon Daniels said they expected to touch base with Boras before the end of the weekend , but gave no indication of whether they intended to present a proposal .
`` We 've still got nothing to say 'yes ' or 'no , ' to , '' Beltre said . `` I would have thought that we 'd have that by now . But I 'm not worrying about it by any means . ''
According to reports in spring training , Beltre and Boras had been seeking a three-year extension worth $ 19 million per year , which is in line with the average of Boston 's recently-benched Pablo Sandoval . Sandoval 's 5-year , $ 95 million deal has base salaries that range between $ 17-18.6 million , but also included a $ 3 million signing bonus . Beltre did not confirm or deny the reports .
Daniels has said repeatedly that the Rangers want Beltre to finish out their career in Texas . Both Daniels and Beltre did not rule out the possibility of the Rangers making a proposal in-season to the player . Beltre said they did not want to negotiate , but if there was simply a `` yes/no '' situation on an offer they would consider it .
`` I do n't think it 's fair to my teammates , '' Beltre said . `` I do n't want to be a distraction to them . ''
Charter CEO 'Surprised ' More Users Want Broadband With No TV
Charter 's third quarter earnings indicate that the cable operator 's third-quarter net loss shrank to $ 70 million , down from $ 103 million one year earlier . Video losses also slowed , Charter losing 27,000 TV subscribers down from 71,000 last year . The company also managed to add 86,000 broadband subscribers , and broadband revenues jumped 23 % to $ 575 million courtesy of price hikes .
However , the most interesting bit has to be comments made by Charter CEO Tom Rutledge during the company 's conference call with the press and analysts . Notably , Rutledge expressed `` surprise '' at the fact that most of their broadband subscriber growth last quarter came from users that only signed up for broadband ( aka `` single play '' users ) .
`` I would say that the one thing that surprised me ... is that our broadband-only growth has been greater than I thought it would be , '' said Rutledge .
`` ... The bigger part of it is that Charter 's video product was inferior , and we had brand issues around that , '' said the CEO . `` While you can see some of these trends occurring throughout the whole industry , it 's more exaggerated at Charter because of the way we let our video product deteriorate . ''
This `` surprise '' is coming from an industry that has spent the last several years insisting that the broadband-only cord cutter was akin to yeti and unicorn . While a candid CEO is refreshing , perhaps Charter and Charter chair John Malone should spend a little less time relentlessly pushing for cable industry consolidation , and a little more time paying attention to what their customers want ( more flexible programming options , lower prices ) if the goal is to avoid additional surprise .
A Central Florida man thought cannibals were out to get him , but authorities thought otherwise .
Deputies responded to verbal disturbance at a Groveland house where McKade Samuel Crumby , 23 , said cannibals wanted to eat their intestines , the Daily Commercial reported .
> > Florida man 's plan to stop thief with mousetrap backfires
Crumby added they “ would kill their father if they hindered their drug business , ” according to the Daily Commercial .
Lake County sheriff 's deputies used a Taser on Crumby after they struck a deputy in the neck , the Daily Commercial reported .
Crumby was first taken to the hospital after a Taser prong “ became lodged near their spine , ” but the next stop was jail .
Crumby was charged with battery on a law enforcement officer .
Read more at the Daily Commercial .
> > See who was recently booked into the Palm Beach County Jail
A National University of Singapore assistant professor has apparently taken to an anonymous platform to air some grievances as a matter of last resort , regarding the lack of respect accorded to lecturers by some students .
This occurred after the assistant professor has had it up to here with students being mean in their feedback evaluation forms and deemed to give criticisms that are not constructive .
The post was published on NUSWhispers , a page that originally aggregated crush confessions but has evolved into a sh * t-posting , saga-filled platform amplifying the minutiae of NUS students ' lives .
Putting all credulity aside to appreciate this scenario of an assistant professor posting anonymously on a platform read and shared by students , the assistant professor claims to be a foreigner who has been with NUS for three years .
This is the full post :
I know that this is a students ' portal for anonymous confessions , but I do n't know anywhere else to express my thoughts with the mask of anonymity too . I 'm actually an assistant professor , and I 've been with NUS over 3 years . This is my first university after I obtained my PhD , and so far things are good – especially the university 's focus on research . Besides research , new faculty are expected to teach foundation courses . Honestly I 'm not a very good lecturer ; so are some of my newer colleagues , but we try our best . When I first arrived , I took students ' feedback seriously . There was some improvement in my evaluation score over the new few semesters . However , in every course I teach , there is a significant minority of students who gave comments which are neither constructive nor civilized . I 've learnt to ignore them , as my more senior colleagues have advised me . However , I decided to post here because a breaking point has been reached . I knew a colleague who cried after reading students ' comments about them – and some of them are very nasty and even xenophobic . “ Ca n't understand your accent – pls go back to * * * * * * ( country ) ; “ Wear heels so you can look taller ” ; “ For the sake of your health , lose some weight ” . The majority of NUS students are actually genuinely nice and hospitable to faculty from abroad , but I hope those who made such comments can reflect . Is it right to attack a person instead of their teaching ? Students have also called me “ obese ” in their comments before , and I 've brushed them away . But do you know that these comments are read by people with feelings ? We do feel hurt , even though we try our best to improve our teaching with students ' feedback . I implore NUS students to consider their professors ' feelings . Thank you .
It is not revealed if the assistant professor is male or female from the post .
Perhaps the NUS prof can take the lead from this Nanyang Technological University lecturer , who showed the art of doing PhD level mental jiu jitsu by turning things around .
This video is about 10 years old and it showed the NTU lecturer rolling with the students ' punches by having a field day with their feedback .
Rattles on and on like a shotgun . Slowdown . Actually do n't be disappointed that you 're a bit bald but you still can wear a wig provided it does n't fall off ! Anyway , still handsome with or without hair . But anyway , I 'm not interested .
If you like what you read , follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get the latest updates .
Story highlights Defense : Prosecution said during phone call they have evidence victim was blindfolded
Jordan Graham is charged with murder in the death of their husband of eight days
Graham accidentally shoved husband off cliff during argument at park , defense says
Attorney cites several issues with FBI interrogation of suspect , subsequent report
A Kalispell , Montana , newlywed accused of pushing their husband from a cliff wants their trial postponed after prosecutors told their attorney they have evidence their husband was blindfolded before falling to their death , court documents say .
Saying the prosecution has provided no evidence regarding the use of a blindfold -- which could be used to make the government 's case for premeditation and thus first-degree murder -- Jordan Linn Graham 's attorney , Michael Donahoe , asserts that they are unprepared to defend their client if the trial is held in December as planned .
Donahoe further said they learned of the `` blindfold theory '' and the DNA testing of `` a piece of cloth found on a shoal in the river '' only during an October 25 conference call , more than three weeks after it was sent to an FBI lab and 10 weeks after it was collected from the alleged crime scene .
That timing is important , the attorney says , because if the `` alleged blindfold '' was not sent to a lab until at least October 2 , the day before the indictment was filed , it `` would suggest the blindfold theory was not put to the grand jury at all . ''
`` If , as is stated in the complaint affidavit , Jordan and Cody ( Johnson ) were arguing intensely on the ledge , it hardly seems plausible that the argument would cease abruptly so Jordan could apply a blindfold , '' says Donahoe 's brief supporting a motion to dismiss the case . `` Frankly at this point the defense has no idea of how the government intends to try this case before the petite jury and likewise has grave doubt about what was put before the grand jury . ''
Donahoe further slams the FBI and U.S. Attorney 's Office for its handling of Graham 's interrogation and subsequent report based on that interrogation . The case is being handled federally because the alleged crime happened in a national park .
The report , which alleges an FBI interrogator inappropriately touched Graham 's knee during the interview , states that almost an hour and a half of Graham 's interrogation was not recorded , despite the necessary equipment being on hand . Failing to preserve such evidence , which includes Graham 's first admission that they had previously lied , is a violation of Graham 's rights , the defense brief says .
Other parts of the interview were misconstrued or provided without necessary context , according to the papers filed by Donahoe , which labels the government 's version of Graham 's statement `` incomplete , coerced and subject to suppression . ''
JUST WATCHED Bride accused of killing hubby released Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bride accused of killing hubby released 01:54
JUST WATCHED Accused Montana bride in court Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Accused Montana bride in court 02:17
JUST WATCHED Friends : Wife lied after husband 's death Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Friends : Wife lied after husband 's death 02:28
`` The whole recorded part of the interrogation was an epic effort by ( the interrogator ) to isolate key words that would at a minimum support a voluntary manslaughter theory ; with enough room for the argument that Jordan could have walked away , which might even support a theory of depraved heart for first- or second-degree murder , '' the court brief states .
It continues , `` At best this synopsis is a decontextualized , exaggerated interpretation that was intended to distort and contradict what Jordan actually reported . ''
On July 7 , just more than a week after they got married , Graham and their husband were arguing at Montana 's Glacier National Park , according to court affidavits . Graham said in a court filing that during the argument , Johnson grabbed them by the arm and they removed it , pushing Johnson simultaneously and accidentally sending them off the cliff , according to court documents .
The complaint against them says , `` Graham stated they could have just walked away , but due to their anger , they pushed Johnson with both hands in the back and as a result , they fell face first off the cliff . ''
Donahoe 's brief takes issue with how the incident was cast in the complaint and accuses the interrogator of twisting their words to fit certain charges . In September , Donahoe said Johnson pinned their wife down during their argument and that when Johnson grabbed Graham 's arm , they jerked it away and shoved them `` all in one motion , the grabbing and pushing . ''
Graham did not report the incident . They initially told police Johnson had left in a dark vehicle the night of July 7 with unknown friends . On July 11 , according to an affidavit , Graham led a party to a popular spot in the park called `` The Loop , '' where Johnson 's body was located and they called authorities .
`` Ranger S.P . commented to Graham they thought it was unusual that they had found the body . Graham replied , 'It was a place they wanted to see before they died , ' and 'He would come up here with friends to drive fast when their friends were visiting from out of state , ' `` the affidavit states .
Five days later , Graham came clean during the FBI interrogation , telling the interrogator that they lied but that Johnson 's death was an accident , according to the defense brief .
`` I was afraid that they were n't going to give me a chance to explain things and they were just gon na kind of put me in handcuffs and take me away right there and say that I had committed a crime or that I had planned this to kill somebody , '' they said , according to the brief .
The affidavit states that Graham texted a friend the night their husband died , saying they were going to talk to Johnson about having `` second thoughts . ''
Graham texted , `` Oh well , I am about to talk to him . ''
Them friend responded , `` I 'll pray for you guys . ''
Graham then replied , `` Dead serious , if u do n't hear from me at all again tonight , something happened , '' according to a court document filed in the case .
Sebastian Kurz made a clampdown on immigration a central theme of their campaign in last year 's elections ( AFP Photo/VLADIMIR SIMICEK )
Vienna ( AFP ) - `` Whizz-kid '' , `` Basti Fantasti '' , `` Messiah '' are just some of the monikers given to Austrian conservative Sebastian Kurz , the world 's youngest leader in waiting .
Their People 's Party ( OeVP ) , revamped by the 31-year-old as a more hardline `` movement '' , was projected to have come first in Sunday 's election with some 31.5 percent of the vote .
`` Many people have placed great hopes in our movement , '' the fresh-faced wonder boy told a sea of supporters in Vienna on Sunday evening .
`` It 's time to establish a new political style ... I accept this responsibility with great humility . ''
But their possible next move -- entering a coalition with the far-right Freedom Party ( FPOe ) of Heinz-Christian Strache -- could see some of their shine removed .
The takeover of the OeVP in May by `` Emperor Kurz '' was as swift as it was radical .
First they ended the decade-long unhappy coalition with the Social Democrats ( SPOe ) . Then they rebranded the OeVP and its black party colour as a turquoise `` movement '' tough on migrants and easy on taxes .
The strategy of `` putting Austrians first '' propelled the sluggish OeVP to pole position in opinion polls and Kurz to near-rock star status .
Wherever they go , fans sporting turquoise T-shirts chant their name and women ask if they can hug him .
Selfie sessions with Kurz , always in slim-cut suits and tieless white shirts , last over two hours .
- Haider comparison -
Observers say there has n't been this much euphoria over an Austrian politician since Joerg Haider , the magnetic but controversial FPOe leader who died in a drink-driving car crash in 2008 .
`` His phenomenon is n't all that new and resembles the ... expectations placed in Joerg Haider , '' journalist Christa Zoechling wrote in current affairs magazine Profil ahead of the ballot .
In slick campaign adverts of them scaling the Alps , Kurz promised -- echoing the FPOe -- to slash taxes and red tape and `` return this beautiful country to the peak '' .
`` The time is now , '' read election posters with Kurz pensively staring into the distance .
`` The republic gets a fresh start with Kurz , '' jubilant supporter Werner Schwab , 64 , told AFP Sunday .
- 'Black makes you hot ' -
Their appeal as an agent of change is remarkable given that they have been a key cog in the political machine they now seek to overhaul .
The only child of a secretary and a teacher , Kurz joined the OeVP 's youth wing in 2003 .
As its chief , they drew ridicule with a 2010 council election campaign featuring the slogan `` Schwarz macht geil '' , or `` Black makes you hot '' .
Kurz posed with skimpily clad girls on top of a black Hummer , the so-called `` hot-o-mobile '' , and distributed black condoms .
This blunder notwithstanding , the former law student enjoyed a meteoric rise , becoming secretary of integration in 2011 and foreign minister two years later , aged just 27 .
Full of praise for Hungary 's populist premier Viktor Orban , Kurz claims credit for closing the Balkan migrant trail in 2016 .
The move saw the Austrian named one of the most influential Europeans by news website Politico .
- 'One-man show ' -
The notoriously private politician -- he 's seldom seen in public with long-term girlfriend Susanne -- ran a campaign as immaculate as their trademark gelled-back hair .
Even their OeVP takeover had apparently been months in the planning , according to a leaked document .
But critics have accused Kurz of being a `` mini-dictator '' running a `` one-man show '' .
Some analysts warn that Kurz 's election will be an `` earthquake '' for the EU , despite their pro-European pledge .
`` He 's a 'Haider light ' version , '' said Paris-based Austria expert Patrick Moreau .
Kurz 's ideas on everything from immigration to economic policy represent a `` complete rupture '' with the EU , Moreau added .
The Lifetime ISA ( LISA ) is a tax-free wrapper that lets you put up to £4,000 in it every year . It can be as cash savings – so you get interest – or stocks and shares investing – so you get share growth ( or loss ) . It 's designed for two specific purposes . The first is for first-time buyers to use towards a deposit for a residential property ( see the LISA for first-time buyers ) . The second is for later life ( OK , let 's call it retirement ) savings once you hit age 60 ( see the LISA for retirement ) .
And if you decide to use the LISA to buy your first home , you can keep it open and save for retirement . The idea behind mixing the two is a bit of behavioural economics . Many under-40s are turned on by saving for their first home in a way they are n't for saving for retirement , so the idea of bringing them together is that hopefully people will build up a savings habit for their first home , then , with a zest for saving , carry on afterwards .
However , the strategy for saving for a home in the short term and retirement in the long term are very different .
Quick questions
Cotonou wrote :
The story has stalled out again .
Citizen Alan wrote :
Also , I am amused that Benjamin , apparently through simply wisdom and awareness , noticed Jack 's subvocalization trick without the aid of magic .
Alternately , Rob is a student of the same school of writing as Jim Butcher ; and we 've arrived at Sequels , stage two : Parson is reviewing facts and working through the logical options of their situation . We can expect maybe a half a page more of that , before they get to the next stage of pondering their options , and the subsequent stage of making a Choice.Of course , it 's sometimes dramatically useful to interrupt review and pondering by having new and unexpected events force need for an immediate and perhaps underconsidered Choice . However , I think it 's more dramatically exciting to have them do the pondering by means of arguing with Caesar ( character conflict ! ) about what choices Caesar should be making , now that Caesar is getting indications Gobwin Knob has been pulling some fast ones.Clevermancy way to Hocus-Pocus out of the problem : Parson should suggest that Benjamin ask the Mathamancy bracer for the probability that Charlie has been covertly meddling to prolong the conflict between Transylvito and Carpool . I 'd expect at least three nines.In hindsight , their signamancy may have been a red flag . Ben Franklin delighted in creating dozens of characters in their writing with plausible-seeming unique voices of their own ; that is to say , a form of literary ventriloquism . ( OK , I 'm probably reaching a bit here . )
Former U.S. ambassador Mark Brzezinski has had their work deleted from the U.S. Embassy website , as retaliation for the Trump Morning Joe feud involving their sister , host Mika Brzezinski , the ambassador 's wife said .
Last week , President Trump dialed up their feud with Brzezinski and co-host Joe Scarborough over what they considered overly critical coverage on the program . They tweeted a particularly harsh attack on Brzezinski , calling their `` dumb as a box of rocks '' and `` bleeding badly from a facelift , '' which drew widespread partisan rebuke and consumed most of a news cycle .
It was then that Natalia Brzezinski , wife of Mark Brzezinski , the former U.S. ambassador to Sweden under President Barack Obama , noticed that the couple 's blog on the U.S. Embassy website had been removed .
Natalia Brzezinski said they and the ambassador were approached about having a joint blog by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and digital advisor Alec Ross . `` We had a mandate to be a modern ambassadorial couple , '' they said . `` We recorded all that we did on that US Embassy blog , with a view to leaving the ideas , and the example of an activist Embassy , for future generations . ''
In the wake of the president 's sexist remarks , the ambassador 's wife was attempting to show their daughter the blog as an example of positive gender dynamics , they said , when they saw that the couple 's work was no longer online . `` It 's such a sadness and a shame to see a President try to erase that authentic and hard work , '' they said . `` It is so depressing to go backwards , it feels as if our hard work and the heart we put into it is erased . ''
`` Ambassadorships are supposed to be nonpartisan and about American values , not about the values of any one party , '' they said . `` Erasing our digital footprint is a major assault on the freedom of expression and also the pure , nonpartisan nature of what diplomacy and Ambassadorships are supposed to be about . ''
The White House has not commented .
This may be the first digital deletion of the Trump administration to bear the hallmarks of a personal grudge , but it is only the latest in a series of erasures seemingly intended to send a message . Hours after Trump 's inauguration , the White House 's webpage on civil rights disappeared , along with pages on LGBT rights and disabilities . The website 's section on climate change has since been taken down .
H/t : Metro.se
Man is a god-fearing and god-believing beast , and it is extraordinarily rare to find even a single individual , even among the most fire-breathing atheists , who prove themselves entirely immune to the pull of spiritual thinking .
If they are n't debating the number of angels dancing upon a pin , they are debating how many turbolasers can fit on an Imperial Star Destroyer . If they are not debating about whether or not a given action will enrage Apollo , they are debating about whether or not a certain action will be good or bad for the economy of the nation .
Marxists in particular are often accused of harboring beliefs akin to the Millenarians ( in that , after the Communist revolution , there will be no more class strife , and prosperity will satisfy all wants ) , this tendency is quite often shared even outside their circle .
Christopher Hitchens argued in “ God is Not Great ” that the literary tradition of the West could supplant the role of religion in providing moral guidance and social structure . Given that the literary tradition of the West has been increasingly suppressed under the rule of secular governments , this notion has few obvious contemporary champions , and seems to be rather muddled , given that the majority of the authors in the canon before the 20th century were devoutly religious .
The Hitchens position is one rather similar to that of the various societies for ethical culture , which are tied up in the history of the Fabian Society .
Instead of endless disquisitions on the Trinity , we have infinite disquisitions on the nature of magic in the Harry Potter universe and whether or not Jedi derive their powers from midichlorians or from some mysterious spiritual source . This is not really secular in the way that many secularists will want to portray it as .
Humans are given to abstraction , speculation , worship , and some measure of superstition . It 's not a question of how to eliminate that impulse , but how to channel it in an effective way .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Email
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Fox asks viewers for 'voter fraud ' stories David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday May 28 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Update : Blogger suggests that Fox probe Ann Coulter `` Could illegal immigrants sway an election ? ' Eric Shawn of Fox News asked on Wednesday , raising the terrifying specter of `` people who are not even citizens voting for whomever they want . '' Since 2005 , the Bush administration has been pushing the idea that `` voter fraud '' is a widespread problem , even firing US Attorneys who did not make the investigation of claims of fraud a priority . However , investigations have never found more than a handful of votes being cast illegally , while requiring proof of citizenship seems likely to disenfranchise hundreds of thousands of voters , mostly the poor and elderly who may not be able to secure required documentation . Fox News has now set out to find the evidence of fraud that the Bush Department of Justice could not , whipping up their audience with the threat of non-citizens `` getting a fake ID , a driver 's license , or a social security card and voting in this year 's election . '' `` If you think there 's voter fraud where you live , or there are other election problems , we at Fox News want to know about it , '' Shawn told viewers . `` You can email us . ... [ email protected ] '' Shawn 's proposed remedy is `` legislation that would prevent illegals and other ineligible voters from going into the voting booth , '' although they acknowledged sadly that `` even if states do act , it may be too late for the upcoming presidential election . '' Update : In a comment on this RAW STORY article , Brad Friedman of BradBlog suggested , `` You heard 'em , kids . Fox is looking for voter fraud ! Feel free to email them this link documenting the no-uncertain-terms case of Ann Coulter having committed voter fraud in Palm Beach County , Florida ! ... Let 'em know I sent you , in case they have any further questions . I 'll be happy to speak to them , and help 'em root out those voter fraud criminals ! '' At their blog , Friedman has charged that Coulter `` knowingly lied about their address on their voter registration form in Palm Beach County , Florida ; proceeded to break the law again by knowingly voting at the wrong precinct ; then lied about it repeatedly ; hired a former Bush attorney to protect their ass ; and even called in their FBI ex-boyfriend to save their bacon when it looked like the Palm Beach County Sheriff might actually have the balls to bring charges . '' Coulter appears frequently on Fox News Channel to expound upon campaign politics . This video is from Fox 's America 's Newsroom , broadcast May 28 , 2008 .
Download video
CCTV and face recognition is helping create 'wholesale surveillance '
Bruce Schneier is the chief security technology officer at BT and a celebrated writer and speaker on privacy , cryptography and security issues . Welcome to the future , where everything about you is saved . A future where your actions are recorded , your movements are tracked , and your conversations are no longer ephemeral . A future brought to you not by some 1984-like dystopia , but by the natural tendencies of computers to produce data . Data is the pollution of the information age . It 's a natural by-product of every computer-mediated interaction . It stays around forever , unless it 's disposed of . It is valuable when reused , but it must be done carefully . Otherwise , its after-effects are toxic . And just as 100 years ago people ignored pollution in our rush to build the Industrial Age , today we 're ignoring data in our rush to build the Information Age . Increasingly , you leave a trail of digital footprints throughout your day . Once you walked into a bookstore and bought a book with cash . Now you visit Amazon , and all of your browsing and purchases are recorded . You used to buy a train ticket with coins ; now your electronic fare card is tied to your bank account . Your store affinity cards give you discounts ; merchants use the data on them to reveal detailed purchasing patterns . Bruce Schneier has written widely on security , privacy and technology . Data about you is collected when you make a phone call , send an e-mail message , use a credit card , or visit a website . A national ID card will only exacerbate this . More computerised systems are watching you . Cameras are ubiquitous in some cities , and eventually face recognition technology will be able to identify individuals . Automatic licence plate scanners track vehicles in parking lots and cities . Colour printers , digital cameras , and some photocopy machines have embedded identification codes . Aerial surveillance is used by cities to find building permit violators and by marketers to learn about home and garden size . As RFID chips become more common , they 'll be tracked , too . Already you can be followed by your cellphone , even if you never make a call . This is wholesale surveillance ; not `` follow that car , '' but `` follow every car '' . Computers are mediating conversation as well . Face-to-face conversations are ephemeral . Years ago , telephone companies might have known who you called and how long you talked , but not what you said . Today you chat in e-mail , by text message , and on social networking sites . You blog and you Twitter . These conversations - with family , friends , and colleagues - can be recorded and stored . It used to be too expensive to save this data , but computer memory is now cheaper . Computer processing power is cheaper , too ; more data is cross-indexed and correlated , and then used for secondary purposes . What was once ephemeral is now permanent . Who collects and uses this data depends on local laws . In the US , corporations collect , then buy and sell , much of this information for marketing purposes . In Europe , governments collect more of it than corporations . On both continents , law enforcement wants access to as much of it as possible for both investigation and data mining . More and more people are scattering their personal data online Regardless of country , more organisations are collecting , storing , and sharing more of it . More is coming . Keyboard logging programs and devices can already record everything you type ; recording everything you say on your cellphone is only a few years away . A `` life recorder '' you can clip to your lapel that 'll record everything you see and hear is n't far behind . It 'll be sold as a security device , so that no-one can attack you without being recorded . When that happens , will not wearing a life recorder be used as evidence that someone is up to no good , just as prosecutors today use the fact that someone left their cellphone at home as evidence that they did n't want to be tracked ? You 're living in a unique time in history : the technology is here , but it 's not yet seamless . Identification checks are common , but you still have to show your ID . Soon it 'll happen automatically , either by remotely querying a chip in your wallets or by recognising your face on camera . And all those cameras , now visible , will shrink to the point where you wo n't even see them . Ephemeral conversation will all but disappear , and you 'll think it normal . Already your children live much more of their lives in public than you do . Your future has no privacy , not because of some police-state governmental tendencies or corporate malfeasance , but because computers naturally produce data . Cardinal Richelieu famously said : `` If one would give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest man , I would find something in them to have them hanged . '' When all your words and actions can be saved for later examination , different rules have to apply . Future generations will look back at us - living in the early decades of the information age - and judge our solutions to the proliferation of data
Society works precisely because conversation is ephemeral ; because people forget , and because people do n't have to justify every word they utter . Conversation is not the same thing as correspondence . Words uttered in haste over morning coffee , whether spoken in a coffee shop or thumbed on a BlackBerry , are not official correspondence . A data pattern indicating `` terrorist tendencies '' is no substitute for a real investigation . Being constantly scrutinised undermines our social norms ; furthermore , it 's creepy . Privacy is n't just about having something to hide ; it 's a basic right that has enormous value to democracy , liberty , and our humanity . We 're not going to stop the march of technology , just as we can not un-invent the automobile or the coal furnace . We spent the industrial age relying on fossil fuels that polluted our air and transformed our climate . Now we are working to address the consequences . ( While still using said fossil fuels , of course . ) This time around , maybe we can be a little more proactive . Just as we look back at the beginning of the previous century and shake our heads at how people could ignore the pollution they caused , future generations will look back at us - living in the early decades of the information age - and judge our solutions to the proliferation of data . We must , all of us together , start discussing this major societal change and what it means . And we must work out a way to create a future that our grandchildren will be proud of .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
They say the internet never forgets and in the case of Boris Johnson , Britain 's newly minted Foreign Secretary , It 's reminded us of their penchant for using insulting language , particularly towards Africans . Johnson has penned quite a few opinion articles in their time and we have that to thank for giving us a window into their world view . And what a world view it is !
Johnson , a man who some describe as a “ walking stereotype of a buffoonish aristocracy ” , likes throwing barbs , the more insulting the better , especially if they can bale a condescending reference to Africa . The former Mayor of London appears to have a special talent for using Africa as a foil for their attacks on their political opponents and anyone else they have a problem with . In the past , that list has included , former British PM Tony Blair , HRH Queen Elizabeth and President Barack Obama .
Here are some highlights from the improbable career of Boris Johnson , Britain 's insult comic-in-chief turned Foreign Secretary :
That time Boris Johnson called black people “ piccaninnies ” :
“ What a relief it must be for Blair to get out of England . It is said that the Queen has come to love the Commonwealth , partly because it supplies them with regular cheering crowds of flag-waving piccaninnies… . ”
That time Boris Johnson casually referenced the murder of Africans and their “ watermelon smiles ” to score points against Tony Blair
“ They say they ( Tony Blair ) is shortly off to the Congo . No doubt the AK47s will fall silent , and the pangas will stop their hacking of human flesh , and the tribal warriors will all break out in watermelon smiles to see the big white chief touch down in their big white British taxpayer-funded bird ”
That time Boris Johnson said Ugandans like eating too much to be as business savvy as “ colonialists ”
“ If left to their own devices , the natives would rely on nothing but the instant carbohydrate gratification of the plantain . You never saw a place so abounding in bananas : great green barrel-sized bunches , off to be turned into matooke . Though this dish ( basically fried banana ) was greatly relished by Idi Amin , the colonists correctly saw that the export market was limited . ”
The former Mayor of London appears to have a special talent for using Africa as a foil for their attacks on their political opponents and anyone else they have a problem with
That time Boris Johnson implied Africans would be rich if they just got over their laziness
“ Everywhere the people glide by , rather slowly , on big black bicycles . They are all imported : even now , the Ugandans ca n't make their own bikes . In 1956 Ghana had a bigger GDP than Malaysia , and Egypt and South Korea were economically on a par . Can you really blame colonialism for the subsequent divergence in performance ? The Malaysians have air-conditioning and computers ; 90 per cent of Ugandans live in Stone Age conditions — round mud huts with a fireplace dug in the floor and raffia mats for beds and a life-expectancy of 42 . ”
That time Boris Johnson endorsed treating Africans like children
“ Perhaps you could have drawn the map of Africa differently , to take account of the hundreds of tribes ; but no design would have ended the grudge between the Acholi and the Baganda . As one British official said , ‘ I 've been in Africa for ages and there 's one thing I just do n't get . Why are they so brutal to each other ? We may treat them like children , but it 's not because of us that they behave like the children in Lord of the Flies . ”
That time Boris Johnson said Ugandans would soon turn donor-built latrines into homes because “ they are sounder than the huts ”
“ They build latrines , fine concrete structures which will soon be used for habitation , since they are sounder than the huts ; they distribute condoms , to the hooting derision of the Karamojong cattle rustlers . ”
That time Boris Johnson said Africans really made a big mistake chasing their white masters away
“ The continent may be a blot , but it is not a blot upon our conscience . The problem is not that we were once in charge , but that we are not in charge any more . ”
They build latrines , fine concrete structures which will soon be used for habitation , since they are sounder than the huts
That time Boris Johnson suggested President Barack Obama might be angry about Britain 's colonial past because of their Kenyan ancestry
“ Something mysterious happened when Barack Obama entered the Oval Office in 2009 . Something vanished from that room , and no one could quite explain why . It was a bust of Winston Churchill – the great British war time leader . It was a fine goggle-eyed object , done by the brilliant sculptor Jacob Epstein , and it had sat there for almost ten years . But on day one of the Obama administration it was returned , without ceremony , to the British embassy in Washington . No one was sure whether the President had themselves been involved in the decision . Some said it was a snub to Britain . Some said it was a symbol of the part-Kenyan President 's ancestral dislike of the British empire – of which Churchill had been such a fervent defender . ”
………………………
Those are just a few highlights from the offence-heavy writing career of Britain 's new Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson .
Good luck with the diplomacy thing Boris ! I have a feeling you will need it .
Donald Trump 's offensive statements and the chaos they 've brought to the Republican Party have been the headline-grabbing events of this election . But the biggest story , which is regularly overlooked , is the systematic disenfranchisement of millions of American voters , predominantly African Americans and Latinos .
Since sections of the Voting Rights Act were struck down by the Supreme Court in 2013 in Shelby County v. Holder , 14 states have introduced new voting restrictions in this election , and this represents only a sliver of the seismic crisis facing our democracy in this presidential race . Some estimates anticipate that roughly 1.3 million voters in vital swing states could be disenfranchised because of these new voting restrictions .
Additionally , more than 6 million Americans will be barred from voting due to felony convictions , and 2.2 million of those are African American . This amounts to 1 out of every 13 African Americans of voting age being barred from the ballot box . And in Florida , 23 percent of African Americans are prevented from voting due to felony convictions even after they 've done their time .
Seven states—Mississippi , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina , Virginia , Ohio , and Wisconsin—that will have new voting restrictions in 2016 also recorded their highest levels of African-American voter turnout in 2008 . And five of those states—Mississippi , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina , and Virginia—plus Alabama , Tennessee , and South Dakota have witnessed their largest Hispanic population growth from 2000-2010 . NALEO—the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials—estimates that new voter ID laws will effectively disenfranchise 875,000 Latino voters this year .
In other words , the influence of minority voters has increased a lot during Barack Obama 's presidency . So it 's no mere coincidence that many Republican-controlled states have instituted these policies .
It 's also no surprise that vital swing states under Republican control—Wisconsin , Ohio , North Carolina , and Florida—will be the worst states for minority voters . Texas , which is not a swing state but has a rapidly growing Latino population , will also be especially bad .
Both Texas and North Carolina have passed voter ID laws that have been blocked and/or softened by court rulings , and yet state officials continue to challenge these decisions and implement restrictions that would disenfranchise minorities .
“ The new provisions target African Americans with almost surgical precision , ” wrote Judge Diana Gribbon Motz of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , regarding North Carolina 's voter ID law and other voter suppression tactics .
After that ruling , Republican North Carolina legislators have still attempted to ban early voting on Sundays and cut voting hours and sites in areas with large minority populations . Texas Republicans have also continued to distribute fliers intent on intimidating Texans from voting despite court orders to stop .
And to make matters worse , the Justice Department interprets the Supreme Court 's decision in Shelby County v. Holder as applying to the federal election observer program , and as a result has drastically reduced the program . For more than 50 years , America has relied on this program to combat voter suppression at the polls , yet in 2016 it will be almost nonexistent . Minority voters in Texas and North Carolina will have fewer protections and recourses to ensure that they can exercise their franchise , despite both states clearly showing a disregard for the law as they implement voter suppression measures .
Ohio , in addition to implementing new voter ID requirements , has been purging registered voters at an alarming rate due to a state law that mandates the revoking of a voter 's registration , without notification , if they have not voted in the last six years . Over the last five years , 2 million people have been removed from the voting rolls . In 2015 alone , 200,000 voters were removed in Ohio 's 20 most populous counties , including 40,000 in Cuyahoga County , which has many African-American voters .
For those African-American voters in Ohio who voted for Obama in 2008 but stayed at home in 2012 , they could find themselves barred from voting in this election unless they register to vote again .
Florida also has a long history of using voter purges to manipulate elections , but one of the biggest threats in this election may simply be the mismanagement of voting sites that result in chaos on Election Day . In 2012 , it was estimated that multi-hour waits at polling locations resulted in 200,000 voters not casting ballots . Additionally , Florida has as a track record of mistakenly preventing citizens from voting if their name matches that of a convicted felon .
Wisconsin may be one of the more surprising yet increasingly troubling states for minority voters . Not only has it implemented new strict voter ID requirements , but also it has failed to provide residents with the required ID to vote .
VoteRiders has accompanied Wisconsin voters to DMVs across the state and recorded instances where voters have been denied the necessary voting ID despite providing the required documentation .
“ It should not be on the advocacy group or on the individual voter to have to keep fighting through barrier after barrier to cast their ballot , ” said Liz Kennedy , the director of government and democratic reform at the Center for American Progress . “ This is the right that protects all of our other rights . ”
Each one of these states demonstrates that the intent and implementation of their voting restrictions are far more severe and damaging than they let on . And they show the increased necessity of election observers and activists who now must fill the void left by the federal government . But after Shelby , the federal government is less capable of protecting our right to vote .
The Black Lives Matter movement has peacefully combated police brutality by incorporating video and audio recordings to document injustices . In this election , minority voters should do the same—people should film the long lines , the ballot challenges , and the acts of intimidation so America can see for itself the electoral obstacles we face that undermine the very fabric of our democracy .
BOCA RATON , Fla. – Clergy leaders spoke out about a pentagram on display in the city 's holiday square .
The display is right next to a nativity scene .
Boca Raton 's mayor said free speech laws forced the city to allow the Satanic symbol on public property . But the mayor added that the display is hateful and they do n't support its message .
Clergy members called it an evil symbol .
“ We also felt it was spiritually harmful to the well-being of our community . Our religious traditions : Christian , Jewish and Islamic , support values of justice peace , ” said pastor Andrew Sherman with the Boca Raton Interfaith Clergy Association .
Someone spray-painted the pentagram overnight .
Preston Smith , the man who put up the pentagram , regularly pushes for a separation between religion and government .
They call the vandalism to their sign a “ hate crime. ” They have filed a police report and together with the Freedom from Religion Foundation is offering a reward for info about the person who did the vandalism .
Smith released the following statement :
I have filed a police report with BRPD for this hate crime , which only proves that religion and government do n't mix . The Freedom From Religion Foundation is offering a monetary reward for info leading to the arrest and conviction of the perpetrator ( s ) . FFRF is also sending replacement banners via overnight delivery . Freethinkers have been targeted for thousands of years by religious folks , although counter-viewpoints are becoming more visible as this nation 's demographics shift away from organized religion . We will not be silenced by the those who fear freedom of speech in America . We will not be persecuted by religious zealots intolerant of diverse viewpoints . We are not going away , but are instead ready to make this an annual tradition . The Constitution protects the minority from the tyranny of the majority . The mayor and city council should immediately take notice -- public parks must be free from all ancient myths and superstitions in order to preserve the well-being of the community at large .
Someone defaced the satanic pentagram installed at Boca Raton 's holiday display over night . pic.twitter.com/Hdt51ItNXd — Charlie Keegan ( @ CKeeganWPTV ) December 7 , 2016
Google today updated Google Search for Android with a new shopping feature : a card that lets you know about stores nearby that carry products you 've previously researched on Google . The company did n't say how long it will remember which products you 've searched for , or whether there is a limit to how many it will keep track of . You can download the new version now directly from Google Play .
As you can see above , the Google Now card shows you the product and its price to remind you that you were interested in it . All you have to do is physically go into the listed store and see if it 's in stock , though we would n't be surprised if that information is added to Google Now one day as well . If it works as well as described , Google Now may one day ensure you only need to enter stores to buy what you 've already researched , for a price you know in advance , and when you know it 's in stock .
See also – Google Now for Android updated to keep cards loaded when you lose service and Google Search for Android can now show results from inside third-party apps and Google Play app listings
Image Credit : Kimhiro Hoshino/Getty Images
Read next : Mela promotes collaborative filmmaking via hashtag # hashtag
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles , Cardinal Roger Mahony and a former priest have agreed to pay a total of nearly $ 10 million to settle four child sex abuse cases .
A lawyer for the archdiocese , Michael Hennigan confirmed on Tuesday local time that a settlement in the amount of $ 9.99 million had been reached for four victims , two of them brothers .
The archdiocese has reached several smaller settlements , but the one announced on Tuesday was by far the biggest single agreement to date .
The cases involved a former priest and confessed pedophile who was convicted of child molestation in 2007 and paroled in 2011 .
Cardinal Mahony has called child abuse `` a terrible sin and crime ''
Recently released internal church records which document the role of Roger Mahony , who retired in 2011 as head of the largest US archdiocese , reveal that they had learned of the abuse in 1986 when the priest in question confessed to having abused the boys over a seven year period .
Mahoney was accused of helping the confessed pedophile priest evade law enforcement by sending them out of state to a church-run center for psychological treatment and then placing them back in the Los Angeles ministry . There they were banned from any contact with minors but allegedly continued to abuse young boys .
The church files indicated that the cardinal had worked behind the scenes to protect the church from scandal .
According to the plaintiffs ' attorney in the case , none of the parties had admitted wrongdoing .
Mahony has apologized repeatedly for their handling of clergy abuse cases , calling abuse “ a terrible sin and crime ” .
The cardinal is currently taking part in the conclave in the Vatican to elect a new pope and could not be reached for comment Tuesday .
The Los Angeles archdiocese serves 4 million Catholics . It reached a $ 660 million ( 506 million euros ) civil settlement in 2007 with more than 500 victims of child abuse .
Scandals over sex abuse in the US Catholic Church came to light in 1992 with a series of molestation cases uncovered in Boston .
They have cost the church billions of dollars in settlements and driven several prominent dioceses into bankruptcy .
rg/lw ( Reuters , AP )
This day in 1938 saw the organized destruction of Jewish businesses and homes in Munich , as well as the beating and murder of Jewish men , women , and children .
It was an exercise in terror that would be called “ Kristallnacht , ” or “ the Night of Broken Glass , ” because of the cost of broken glass in looted Jewish shops— $ 5 million marks ( $ 1,250,000 ) .
On November 7 , in Paris , a 17-year-old German Jewish refugee , Herschel Grynszpan , shot and killed the third secretary of the German embassy , Ernst vom Rath . Grynszpan had intended to avenge the deportation of their father to Poland and the ongoing persecution of Jews in Germany by killing the German ambassador . Instead , the secretary was sent out to see what the angry young man wanted and was killed . The irony is that Rath was not an anti-Semite ; in fact , they were an anti-Nazi .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
As revenge for this shooting , Joseph Goebbels , Nazi minister of propaganda , and Reinhard Heydrich , second in command of the SS after Heinrich Himmler , ordered “ spontaneous demonstrations ” of protest against the Jewish citizens of Munich . The order , in the form of a teletyped message to all SS headquarters and state police stations , laid out the blueprint for the destruction of Jewish homes and businesses . The local police were not to interfere with the rioting storm troopers , and as many Jews as possible were to be arrested with an eye toward deporting them to concentration camps .
In Heydrich 's report to Hermann Goering after Kristallnacht , the damage was assessed : “ …815 shops destroyed , 171 dwelling houses set on fire or destroyed… 119 synagogues were set on fire , and another 76 completely destroyed… 20,000 Jews were arrested , 36 deaths were reported and those seriously injured were also numbered at 36… ”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
The extent of the destruction was actually greater than reported . Later estimates were that as many as 7,500 Jewish shops were looted , and there were several incidents of rape . This , in the twisted ideology of Nazism , was worse than murder , because the racial laws forbade intercourse between Jews and gentiles . The rapists were expelled from the Nazi Party and handed over to the police for prosecution . And those who killed Jews ? They “ can not be punished , ” according to authorities , because they were merely following orders .
To add insult to massive injury , those Jews who survived the monstrous pogrom were forced to pay for the damage inflicted upon them . Insurance firms teetered on the verge of bankruptcy because of the claims . Hermann Goering came up with a solution : Insurance money due the victims was to be confiscated by the state , and part of the money would revert back to the insurance companies to keep them afloat .
The reaction around the world was one of revulsion at the barbarism into which Germany was sinking . As far as Hitler was concerned , this only proved the extent of the “ Jewish world conspiracy . ”
Kyiv 's Euromaidan protests began a year ago on November 21 and continued for months , through the cold winter of 2013-14 . During the long , tense days of waiting and of celebrating genuine people power on Kyiv 's Independence Square , the world had the chance to meet many of the faces of Ukraine , ordinary citizens who refused to stay home as well as political leaders and celebrities .
Some stories are well known . Former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych fled to Russia in February and made occasional press statements in the ensuing months . Their former prime minister , Mikolay Azarov , is also in Russia . They have reportedly bought a lavish mansion outside of Moscow and has been seen consulting with members of the Russian State Duma . The Ukrainian Interior Ministry has said that both Yanukovych and Azarov have been granted Russian citizenship and authorities in Ukraine are investigating charges that both men continue to receive Ukrainian pensions .
To mark the first anniversary of the beginning of the protest that transformed Ukraine , RFE/RL caught up with some of the people we met during those icy , heady days and find out what they are doing now and how they look back on their time at the center of the world 's attention .
'All Ukraine Is Here '
Maryna Sochenko and their sketchbook were permanent features of the Maidan from the first day . Now , a year later , they flip quickly through an endless pile of canvasses and drawings in their Kyiv studio . They are marking the first anniversary of the protests with an exhibition of their portraits of the faces of Maidan .
`` There were so many different types of people , '' they say . `` The most interesting thing is the geography , of course . I did n't go looking for people . They came to find me . This one is from Sevastopol . This one from Kherson . Here is a journalist from Kyiv . All of Ukraine is here . ''
Looking back after a year , Sochenko thinks maybe the protesters should have been more active , more decisive .
`` I think we should n't have sung so long on the square , but we should have gone and thrown them out of their offices , ushered in some new people , '' they say . `` We should have made a real revolution . ''
Since they left the Maidan , Sochenko has battled depression , working through their feelings in their art . They remember the tense times when the Berkut riot police announced they would clear the square and protesters waited in the night .
They remember how the protesters stood their ground then and draws parallels with what is going on now in the fight against pro-Russian separatists and their Russian supporters in eastern Ukraine .
`` We are stronger because we are right , '' they say . `` That is why we are stronger . God is on the side of those who are right , who are defending their land . They are not right -- they have come here and they can feel that they are not in the right . When they are captured , they ca n't understand what they are doing here at all . They have no moral justification , just as they did n't in Afghanistan . That 's why they lost there -- because they were n't fighting for anything . ''
'People Are Ready To Pitch In '
During the protests , Nazariy Boyarskyy worked for Euromaidan SOS , a group that organized a volunteer initiative to track down the dozens of people who went missing during the demonstrations . They estimate that approximately 30 people are still unaccounted for .
They continue to work as a human rights advocate and says that the spirit of cooperative public involvement that was born on the Maidan continues to this day .
`` You can see it in the eyes of the volunteers who come in to help , beginning with the talented lawyers who work for us for free to help detainees and going all the way to the wonderful woman who comes to us to make us lunch , '' they say . `` You can feel from these examples that people are ready not just to sympathize , but to pitch in . And that is the most vivid impression of the last year for me . ''
Last year , Boyarskyy marked their 25th birthday on the Maidan on November 30 , a dramatic day on which Berkut forces attacked protesters .
This year , they anticipate a more relaxed celebration aimed at making up for lost time .
`` I 'll spend the evening together with my closest friends and relatives because over the last year , unfortunately , my friends and relatives suffered the most because I did n't have time for them , '' they say . `` So now , I want to see them . ''
' I Used To Be Timid '
Halyna Trofanyuk , who cooked for the demonstrators , was changed by the three months they spent at the Maidan protest in Kyiv last year .
`` I used to be timid , '' they say . `` But you 'd better not mess with me now . If necessary , I can get people behind me and convince them that you have to fight for what you need and not wait to see what others give you . ''
Them broad , kind smile was a landmark at the Kolomiya tent , although it was often obscured by clouds of steam rising from cooking pots .
Them fellow protesters took to calling them `` Mama '' because of their astonishing knack for quickly putting together hot meals for large numbers of people . When they returned to the village of Rosokhach , Trofanyuk was something of a celebrity . They were invited to speak at the village club and a Ukrainian flag that they brought back from the square still hangs there .
WATCH : Halyna Trofanyuk 's Dramatic Year
Slowly Trofanyuk 's life has returned to normal . Them daughter , who was with them on the Maidan , has married and had a son , conceived during the protests . `` A little Maidanovets , '' they smile .
They continue to travel to Poland for seasonal work . They contribute to the army and regularly donates blood .
But they ca n't hide a measure of disappointment as well and fears that Ukraine 's politicians have not learned the lessons of the protest movement .
`` There could be another Maidan if the politicians do n't understand the chaos they are creating , '' Trofanyuk says . `` People are getting ready for the worst , and they have become disillusioned even with the Maidan .
`` We need wise politicians so that people can really see that their sons are not dying for nothing , '' they say .
'Among Me And My Friends , The Feeling Remains '
On a cold day in late December , university student Sofia Marchenko was handing out patriotically themed biscuits to Maidan protesters .
`` I think sweets always raise people 's spirits , '' Marchenko told RFE/RL at the time . `` I love seeing people smile as they take the biscuits , as they express thanks and say how tasty they are . ''
Now 19 , Marchenko has resumed their studies and continues to develop their small baked-goods business . But their memories of the Maidan remain fresh .
`` The most vivid memory is n't one particular moment when something happened or someone said something , '' they say . `` There is n't that sort of thing . But I really remember the general mood when everyone who was there became sort of one big family and everyone tried to help one another . ''
Despite bitter cold and their parents ' fears about the danger , Marchenko went to the Maidan several times to hand out their baked goods . They also collected money and much-needed items for the protesters throughout the demonstration .
We are sorry , but this feature is currently not available
A year later , they continue this activity -- selling their biscuits at fairs and participating in other activities to support the Ukrainian Army 's operations against the separatists in the eastern Donbas region .
The spirit of family that was born on the Maidan , they say , lives on among their circle of university friends .
`` I still feel it , '' they say . `` I do n't know about other people , but among me and my friends , the feeling remains . ''
She 's fatalistic about the Maidan , convinced that the protest had to happen exactly as it did and when it did . They say that the experience changed them and many -- but not all -- Ukrainians .
`` Among us [ Maidan veterans ] , there has been a change in our way of thinking , '' they say . `` Now people do n't think about what Ukraine can give them but about what they can give Ukraine . And I think that is the foundation of love of one 's country . Not , what can I get , but what can I give ? And my disappointment is that a lot of people still do n't understand this . ''
Robert Coalson contributed to this report
Quiz : Remembering The Maidan Start the quiz to find out ! Start Quiz
​
# x2 vilnius.lt # Hacked . # GSec GSec Jul 12th , 2012 2,878 Never 2,878Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 2.67 KB Today 's database leak is brought to you by : # GSec | Grey Security | # OpLithChild # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # Target : vilnius.lt Message : We 've told you once before , child abuse & pedophiles wo n't be tolerated . # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # Leak Contents : Names , Emails , Phone numbers , etc . # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # -TblVarjtotojai- First & Last name/s : ( First ) Admin Leopoldas Lankytojas Darius Kostas Donaldas Indrë Ramûnas Andrius ( Last ) Pavarde Knislys Lankytojauskas Vizgirda Bareika Rutkauskaitë Petkevièius Gintalas ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Phone Number/s : 245646587 85456565 123456789 8 5 262 60 38 1234567890 2729 212 7723 861220638 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -Login Name/s : andgin Darius donaldas indre istorikas kostas lankytojas login ramunas ~~~~~~~~ -Email/s ; adminde @ bim.bam lankytojas @ lankytojauskas.bum darius.vizgirda @ vilnius.lt indre.rutkauskaite @ vilnius.lt otra @ takas.lt ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -Password/s : please istorikas lankytojas reklama cosinus donaldas rutkauskaitei otra pavasaris1 # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # -TblKlaidos -Full Name/s Diana Vida Karvelytë Dalia arkevièienë Jonas Sauciunas Henrikas Kasparavièius Nesvarbu Kas Mantas Urbonas zose jolanta mockuviene Miaukse Miauxyte Robertas Sabaliauskas Olga ERIKA bastiene Jaras Stankevièius Agnessa Romanovskaja sergej Loreta Milikiene Vaidotas Okuliè-Kazarinas Vaidotas Okuliè-Kazarinas as as Marius Augulis Gintaras Gudinavièius Paulius Radzevièius Linas Petronis Simas Marsauskas Irina Kudrevièiûtë Jus lochai Martynas Vareikis Armandas Kenstavièius Gytis Zilinskas m.a . Vytenis Vaitkevicius Simas ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -Phone Number/s : 868082170 2 75 52 46 nëra +37068472542 ( 8-686 ) 59711 2122233 8-698-74422 300363 2750566 245-85-65 8 684 28854 2365986 nnn 2312884 659 27 052 +37067637562 2468962 2656600 8-699-47828 8-699-47828 +37067294866 +37067377147 686 13993 +37067578214 8 698 73873 +37067272433 271 71 89 867275545 2318182 +37067002826 243642313213652 neturiu 24551 112 248-06-10 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -Email/s ; diana.zuromskaite @ cchbc.com vida @ lithuaniantours.com gerumas @ yahoo.com jonas.sauciunas @ skyscrapers.com hkasparavicius @ hotmail.com my-mail @ mail.lt m.urbonas @ omni.lt jekobofskis jolanta @ mcentras.lt niam @ yahoo.com rob @ 2node.net olgaltÈone.lt erika @ delfi.lt urano @ joinme.com jaras @ bamba.lt agnero @ op.pl headquarters @ one.lt virlo @ takas.lt mc @ takas.lt mc @ takas.lt wikte @ bamba.lt Shprotas @ mail.com elamber @ takas.lt rodze @ mafija.lt linas_petronis @ dtiltas.lt scape @ mam.lt irina.kudreviciute @ vrm.lt Bmw.Power @ one.lt 9867 @ omni.lt armas @ delfi.lt gytis999Ètakas.lt Marta.a @ omni.lt wytali9 woraz @ mafija.lt ogix @ mail.lt ~~~~~~~~~~~~~
RAW Paste Data
Today 's database leak is brought to you by : # GSec | Grey Security | # OpLithChild # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # Target : vilnius.lt Message : We 've told you once before , child abuse & pedophiles wo n't be tolerated . # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # Leak Contents : Names , Emails , Phone numbers , etc . # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # -TblVarjtotojai- First & Last name/s : ( First ) Admin Leopoldas Lankytojas Darius Kostas Donaldas Indrë Ramûnas Andrius ( Last ) Pavarde Knislys Lankytojauskas Vizgirda Bareika Rutkauskaitë Petkevièius Gintalas ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Phone Number/s : 245646587 85456565 123456789 8 5 262 60 38 1234567890 2729 212 7723 861220638 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -Login Name/s : andgin Darius donaldas indre istorikas kostas lankytojas login ramunas ~~~~~~~~ -Email/s ; adminde @ bim.bam lankytojas @ lankytojauskas.bum darius.vizgirda @ vilnius.lt indre.rutkauskaite @ vilnius.lt otra @ takas.lt ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -Password/s : please istorikas lankytojas reklama cosinus donaldas rutkauskaitei otra pavasaris1 # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # -TblKlaidos -Full Name/s Diana Vida Karvelytë Dalia arkevièienë Jonas Sauciunas Henrikas Kasparavièius Nesvarbu Kas Mantas Urbonas zose jolanta mockuviene Miaukse Miauxyte Robertas Sabaliauskas Olga ERIKA bastiene Jaras Stankevièius Agnessa Romanovskaja sergej Loreta Milikiene Vaidotas Okuliè-Kazarinas Vaidotas Okuliè-Kazarinas as as Marius Augulis Gintaras Gudinavièius Paulius Radzevièius Linas Petronis Simas Marsauskas Irina Kudrevièiûtë Jus lochai Martynas Vareikis Armandas Kenstavièius Gytis Zilinskas m.a . Vytenis Vaitkevicius Simas ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -Phone Number/s : 868082170 2 75 52 46 nëra +37068472542 ( 8-686 ) 59711 2122233 8-698-74422 300363 2750566 245-85-65 8 684 28854 2365986 nnn 2312884 659 27 052 +37067637562 2468962 2656600 8-699-47828 8-699-47828 +37067294866 +37067377147 686 13993 +37067578214 8 698 73873 +37067272433 271 71 89 867275545 2318182 +37067002826 243642313213652 neturiu 24551 112 248-06-10 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ -Email/s ; diana.zuromskaite @ cchbc.com vida @ lithuaniantours.com gerumas @ yahoo.com jonas.sauciunas @ skyscrapers.com hkasparavicius @ hotmail.com my-mail @ mail.lt m.urbonas @ omni.lt jekobofskis jolanta @ mcentras.lt niam @ yahoo.com rob @ 2node.net olgaltÈone.lt erika @ delfi.lt urano @ joinme.com jaras @ bamba.lt agnero @ op.pl headquarters @ one.lt virlo @ takas.lt mc @ takas.lt mc @ takas.lt wikte @ bamba.lt Shprotas @ mail.com elamber @ takas.lt rodze @ mafija.lt linas_petronis @ dtiltas.lt scape @ mam.lt irina.kudreviciute @ vrm.lt Bmw.Power @ one.lt 9867 @ omni.lt armas @ delfi.lt gytis999Ètakas.lt Marta.a @ omni.lt wytali9 woraz @ mafija.lt ogix @ mail.lt ~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Youth Soccer passing session plan : Tidy the room
Dimensions : 40 x 25 yard soccer coaching area with a line down the middle creating two 20 x 25 yard areas . One team of players occupies a side each . Soccer balls are evenly distributed on each side .
How to : Each soccer team 's job is clear their own ‘ room ' of soccer balls by passing them into the other half of the field . Neither team can leave their side . Play 1 to 2 minute rounds stopping each time to discuss what went well/not so well each time . The team with the least soccer balls on their side by the end of the round is the winner .
Coaching Points : Consider the placement of your passes into the opposing teams ' room , just kicking the ball to get it out of your side may end up with a player collecting it quickly and kicking it right back , consider your passes , look to pass into spaces where players are not or through gaps between players to force them to turn round and chase the ball . Be aware of your own position when you do n't have soccer balls around you , can you intercept passes back into your half and return them into difficult spaces for your opponents . Communicate with your teammates to make sure you are covering space and collecting all the soccer balls . Remember your teammate might not have seen one .
TIDY THE ROOM
I 'm sure you 've all seen this video of Bristol Palin 's 3-year-old son Tripp saying what appears to be , “ Go away you faggot ! ” to their aunt .
While Bristol thought it was pretty funny at the time , they and their family have since learned that their claims that they are n't homophobic just because they 're against gay rights sound a little empty in light of the revelation that they toss the word “ faggot ” around so much that a 3-year-old picked it up . Now Bristol is backtracking and claiming that the boy actually expelled the highly ungrammatical sentence “ Go away you fuck it . ”
Now , I know Bristol 's probably thinking that their son is still learning to talk and so it sounds totally plausible that they would use an imperative where a noun clearly goes in the sentence . But is it ? I did some research on child language development , and well , it does n't really seem likely
Two-word utterances show consistent patterns and are not merely random combinations of words . Some of the consistency has been described according to the meanings children express in the two-word utterance stage . They talk about actions , agents ( doers of actions ) , patients ( receivers of actions ) , locations , and possession , and they point out and describe things . Furthermore , two-word utterances exhibit consistent word order , which has been described in terms of pivot and open words . Pivot words appear consistently at the beginnings or the ends of utterances , while other words plug into the vacant slot . More , for example , is a common pivot . Some examples given in Goodluck ( 1991 , p. 76 ) are : more car , more cereal , more fish , more walk . Other , all , no , and all gone are other initial pivots . Off can be a final-position pivot , as in boot off , light off , pants off , water off . The words that occur with pivots are termed open words . There is no recognizable stage that marks the transition from two-word to multiple-word utterances . Once children get the idea of syntax , they may combine more than two words at a time , as in Goodluck 's examples : clock on there , kitty down there , other cover down there , up on there some more ( 1991 , p. 76 ) . Children 's syntactic growth during this period is measured by the mean length of utterance ( MLU ) , calculated according to the average number of morphemes per utterance . Although children may develop at very different rates , when their utterances approach a MLU of about 2.0 , they begin to add the grammatical “ glue ” that holds together adult sentences , such as tense and number markers , possessive markers , helping verbs , and certain prepositions .
We can tell from this clip that Tripp is speaking in full sentences , which puts them well past the two-word stage and probably well into the grammatical morpheme stage . Good work , Tripp ! But unfortunately for their mother , that means that their syntax is pretty good , which is why we understand everything else they say . But even if they were still struggling to use more elaborate grammar , we know he 's well beyond the period of development that distinguishes between a noun like “ faggot ” and a imperative verb/subject phrase like “ fuck it ” . We know that because even children that are only capable of two word phrases , as the above passage demonstrates , successfully distinguish between verbs , subjects , and objects , and that they have a consistent word order .
Verdict : Unless the Palin family uses the term “ fuck-it ” as a noun , and specifically as a nasty name to call someone you 're mad at , then no , Tripp did not say “ fuck it ” . And exploiting a child 's process of language development—or at least people 's lack of understanding of it—to avoid being held responsible for your homophobia is deplorable .
Michael Dodds was good at deleting student records for Columbus City Schools , and the district in turn was good to Dodds , promoting them from principal to a Downtown executive in charge of 26 schools . But that symbiotic relationship came back to haunt Dodds on Thursday , when a Franklin County deputy led them away from a courtroom to begin serving a 14-day jail term on three felony counts for tampering with student data to make the district look better . Dodds will serve 16 months of probation after their release .
Michael Dodds was good at deleting student records for Columbus City Schools , and the district in turn was good to Dodds , promoting them from principal to a Downtown executive in charge of 26 schools .
But that symbiotic relationship came back to haunt Dodds on Thursday , when a Franklin County deputy led them away from a courtroom to begin serving a 14-day jail term on three felony counts for tampering with student data to make the district look better . Dodds will serve 16 months of probation after their release .
Dodds� attorney , Bradley Barbin , told Franklin County Common Pleas Judge Kimberly Cocroft that Dodds was a bit player in a massive scheme , one in which former Superintendent Gene T. Harris and the school board skated away largely unscathed .
�This isn�t something Mr. Dodds created , � Barbin said . �It was something they were told to do.�
Counting Kids Out : Read the stories in the Dispatchinvestigation
Barbin turned in a statement signed by 30 former students who said Dodds had helped them . Dodds� sister and others told the judge that they are a caring person who helped kids , including a terminally ill neighbor�s son , stepping in as a mentor for the boy .
But the judge noted that Dodds was in a position of public trust that involved the education of children . He�s not now a convicted felon because they failed as a champion of children , but because they made a choice to carry out policies that were illegal .
As an educational leader , Dodds , �should have dug a little deeper into what was being asked of you , � Cocroft told him . They had an obligation , they said , to prevent the types of abuses that were taking place .
�In your efforts to do good , there were some children who were left by the wayside , � Cocroft said .
> > > Judge dismisses ex-Columbus principal 's appeal to get their job back
Barbin told the judge that the elected school board enabled and encouraged the data tampering . Outside the courtroom as their client was being led to a jail cell , Barbin took square aim at Columbus mayoral candidate Andrew J. Ginther .
While on the school board , Ginther headed the district�s audit committee , and a whistleblower had alerted them that Steve Tankovich , the district�s former data czar , was tampering with student data . Though the district�s internal auditors started an inquiry , it was never completed and the data tampering went on for another eight years .
�God save Columbus if ( voters ) aren�t smart enough to realize what Mr. Ginther did , � Barbin said .
Ginther campaign spokesperson Bryan Clark pointed out that Barbin is a donor to the campaign of Ginther�s opponent , Franklin County Sheriff Zach Scott . �This is a Zach Scott supporter who is making ridiculous accusations against Andy Ginther in an attempt to color over the criminal activities of their client , � Clark said .
Ginther initiated the data-tampering investigation and it was ongoing when they left the school board in 2007 , Clark said .
When Dodds was principal of Independence High in 2007-08 the school erased 35,851 student absence days from the district 's attendance database , nearly 40 days of absences for each of the 917 students enrolled that year . Dodds themselves logged on to erase 22,807 absence days that year for Independence and hundreds more for students at other schools , records show .
The absences were kicked out when administrators withdrew students from school and then re-enrolled them . That kicked students� poor proficiency test scores out of calculations for state report cards , making their schools and the district look better .
In August 2009 , Harris promoted Dodds to manage 26 other principals , and hitting attendance targets was one of their written goals . District principals have testified in administrative hearings that Dodds pressured them to change large amounts of data , or did so themselves while sitting at their computers .
In 2012 , as the scandal began to unravel , the district was implementing a new computer attendance system under the direction of a deputy superintendent , Keith Bell . But after Harris ordered Bell to investigate data-scrubbing allegations , and after Bell found evidence of massive changes , Harris replaced Bell with Dodds .
That move put the district�s biggest data-changer at the helm of the new data system .
Dodds pleaded no contest in June and was convicted on three felony counts : attempted tampering with government records and two counts of unauthorized use of property . Dodds� jail term is one day less than that received by Tankovich , the former district administrator who masterminded the data purging , received for their role . Harris was convicted of dereliction of duty , and got community service .
bbush @ dispatch.com
@ ReporterBush
Republican presidential frontrunner and former comedian Donald Trump is demanding that the United States execute more criminals .
The demands come after Amnesty International released a report detailing China 's execution record compared to the rest of the world .
“ China 's stellar execution rate will look like chump change after a Trump presidency , ” said Trump . “ It 's going to be called the execute-ive branch when I 'm done with it . Get it ? Execute . Ive . Branch . It would probably make more sense if it was written out . ”
Trump later issued a single-page memo in a 34 point comic sans font outlining how a policy of increased executions could lower the cost of building the border wall :
“ We 'll use their bodies as building material . Bada bing , bada boom ! Buck saved . ”
Cruz responded with a position nearly identical to Trump , but delivered it with a bit more polish , so it seemed kind of moderate , but really was n't at all once you thought about it later .
I 'm so sick of writing about Trump . Please make it stop .
Follow Stubhill News for the latest election coverage .
It 's the holidays . What better time to go a little over the top ? We 've been in felt overload mode ourselves . And now we 're going big with three giveaways ! That 's right , we 've got three packages ready to go . Each one filled with felt and felt goodies from our friends at National Nonwovens . Every package contains :
-At least four yards of felt in various colors from National Nonwovens . There 's a green pack , a blue pack , and a brown pack . As a bonus , many of the colors included are pretty rare shades you wo n't find in most craft stores .
-A National Nonwovens calendar and set of swatch cards . What better way to keep inspired and keep felting through the new year ?
-A copy of Fa La La La Felt . You did n't think we 'd give you all this felt without a book of projects , did you ?
To enter for a chance to win one package , leave a comment on this post by 11 p.m. EST on December 20th . Any post will do , but we 'd love to hear about what you 're making for gifts—with or without felt ! Three winners will be selected at random and announced on December 21st . Click here for the official rules : http : //www.larkcrafts.com/uncategorized/sweepstakesrules/ We have our winners–congratulations to woolensails , kris , and cakefortwo ! And a big , big thanks to everyone who shared what they 're making for the holidays . There is so much creativity below , and so many good ideas–from entire felt stockings to felt eggs and bacon to felt candy cane gift toppers !
Oh , and in case you missed our posts with other felt projects , here are some helpful links :
-Tis the Season to be Crafty : Amanda shares a stocking .
-Free Project Friday : The Green Bag edition .
UPDATE : 6:04 a.m. EST -- Visa Inc on Monday announced the acquisition of Visa Europe in a deal valued at 21.2 billion euros ( $ 23.4 billion ) . The transaction also includes a 16.5 billion euro upfront consideration , which includes 11.5 billion euros of cash and preferred stock .
Visa also reported fourth-quarter profits of $ 1.51 billion and earnings of 62 cents per share -- slightly below analysts ' estimates of 63 cents -- but up from $ 1.36 billion , or 54 cents a share , in the same period last year .
Revenue for the quarter ending Sept. 30 came in at $ 3.6 billion , compared to the consensus estimate of $ 3.57 billion . This was an 11 percent increase over last year . For the full year , the company earned $ 6.3 billion , 16 percent over the previous fiscal year .
“ Visa 's fiscal fourth quarter was a strong finish to an equally strong fiscal full-year 2015 in terms of revenue and earnings per share growth in the face of a continued challenging global economic environment , ” CEO Charlie Scharf said , in a statement .
Original story :
Credit card giant Visa Inc will report its fourth quarter and full-year profits before New York markets open Monday . The company is also expected to announce whether it is going to acquire Visa Europe -- a former subsidiary that is now owned by more than 3,000 European banks .
For the quarter ending Sept. 30 , the multinational financial services company is expected to report earnings of 63 cents a share on revenue of $ 3.57 billion , up from 55 cents a share on revenue of $ 3.23 billion a year earlier . For the full year , the company is expected to post revenue of $ 13.8 billion -- up from $ 12.7 billion in revenue for the fiscal year 2014 .
“ Visa Inc. believes there is compelling logic for both Visa Inc. and Visa Europe to consummate a business combination and therefore regularly engages in such discussions and is currently in such discussions with Visa Europe , ” the U.S. company said , in a statement accompanying its third-quarter trading update in July .
“ The Company is targeting to resolve these discussions by the end of October and will provide an update during the fourth quarter earnings call , if not sooner . ”
Bloomberg , citing a person familiar with the matter , reported that the deal to unify the brand is valued at over $ 20 billion while the Wall Street Journal reported last week that the deal may be valued at nearly $ 22 billion .
According to Visa Europe 's 2014 annual report , the company processed over 16 billion transactions last year and reported a profit of nearly $ 241.3 million .
If the deal to unite the company 's global operations under one roof goes through , it is likely to boost earnings by up to 5 percent . Net income could rise to $ 6.4 billion for 2015 , from $ 5.7 billion a year earlier , Bloomberg reported , citing a survey of 28 analysts .
However , the company cautioned , in its July statement , that there is no guarantee “ that any transaction will be ultimately agreed or implemented . ”
The traditional template of the modern rock reunion is well-established , and it goes a little something like this : Beloved band puts aside years of deep , embittered , eye-scratching acrimony long enough to string together live gigs ; beloved band takes oodles of money from legions of irrational superfans , who fell hard while they were gone and never got to see them play the first time around ; band buys Porsches , band sends kids to fancy boarding schools in Switzerland ; band gets long overdue dental care . The Replacements — the infamously self-destructive Minneapolis rockers behind some of the most perfect heartache songs of all time — could have opted in for that kind of thing at pretty much any point over the last decade . The reunion we 've just gotten , though , is a bit more modest , and a bit more heartwarming .
In the fall , frontman Paul Westerberg and bassist Tommy Stinson got together in Minneapolis and recorded a five-track covers EP . Missing was original drummer Chris Mars , who opted not to take part , and original guitarist Bob Stinson , who died in 1995 at the age of 35 . The motivation for the reunion was the stroke suffered by guitarist Slim Dunlap , Bob Stinson 's replacement in The Replacements , in February of 2012 . The idea was to auction off 250 vinyl copies of the EP — titled Songs For Slim — with all benefits going to Dunlap . As planned , the auction went off earlier this year , and the results were pretty great .
The Daily Swarm points our attention to the official Songs For Slim site , which explains , “ Insurance does not pay for long term care and the general prognosis for Slim is that they will likely need around-the-clock care for the rest of their life . They need our help. ” And now the heartening news : “ [ T ] he auction of a limited edition run of 250 numbered copies of a brand new , deluxe 10 '' vinyl EP package by The Replacements , their first new release in over 20 years — went off with a BANG , raising $ 105,743.42 for Slim and their family ! This staggering amount far exceeded any expectations ; the Dunlaps , the Songs For Slim team and New West Records are deeply humbled by this overwhelming response of love and support . Nearly 6,500 individual bids were made and almost 4,000 people participated in the 10-day auction . Copy # 1 went for an astounding $ 10,000 to a Replacements über fan in Brooklyn. ” Next up : more covers of Slim songs — by folks like Steve Earle , Craig Finn , and Lucinda Williams — and more auction money going to Dunlap 's medical care .
So what does this mean for the future of The Replacements ? Well , at least when the initial EP was announced , it sounded like there was a glimmer of hope . In inimitable dramatic fashion , Westerberg told Rolling Stone that the reunion was something Dunlap “ really wanted to happen . ‘ You guys get together , ' they said in a whisper . ‘ Go play a song . ' ” And so : “ It 's possible . After playing with Tommy I was thinking , ‘ All right , let 's crank it up and knock out a record like this . ' I 'm closer to it now than I was two years ago , let 's say that. ” Let 's hope , $ 100,000 for Slim later , he 's even closer .
Note : Due to the political nature of the discussion regarding this topic , the discussion thread is located in our Politics , Religion , Social Issues forum . All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread , but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts .
Apple CEO Tim Cook will visit Beijing later in May to meet with high-level government officials as the company looks to counter a series of recent setbacks in the country ( via Reuters ) .According to sources familiar with the matter , Cook plans to meet senior government and Communist Party leaders to discuss a range of issues , including weakening iPhone sales and the company 's loss of control of its smartphone trademark in China , now its second biggest market.The news comes after Apple 's earning call last month revealed sales fell 26 percent in greater China in the second quarter of 2016 . Following the earning 's call , billionaire Carl Icahn , who has been buying large amounts of Apple stock over the past three years , sold their stake in the company and expressed worries over China 's attitude towards Apple.As part of their visit , Cook will also meet with officials from the Communist Party 's propaganda wing , in order to address concerns after Apple fell foul of a state campaign to control online content and enforce strict localization of data storage , according to the Reuters source.Last month , Apple 's iTunes Movies and iBooks stores were reportedly forced offline in the country by the Chinese State Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film and Television . One Hong Kong-based news outlet linked the store closures to the release of controversial independent movie Ten Years , which won best picture prize at April 's Hong Kong Film Awards , despite being banned in China . The dystopian film imagines Hong Kong in 2025 with language police , mini Red Guards , radical protest and social alienation rife . News of the store closures broke shortly before the movie became available on iTunes in Hong Kong.Apple is one of eight companies that China has targeted for being `` too deeply established in the country 's core industries '' according to The New York Times . Other companies on China 's list include IBM , Qualcomm and Microsoft.Last November , when asked whether Apple had run into censorship problems in China , Eddy Cue said that the company had a `` great working relationship `` with China and that the launch of Apple Music and the iTunes Movies and iBooks stores showed that Apple knew how to work in the country .
D-2 until 's upcoming idol dance competition show , `` !
With just two days remaining until the show 's long-anticipated premiere , Mnet interview all 8 of the idol competitors on the upcoming 1st episode to ask for a few spoilers !
When asked to describe the concept of their 1st stage , SISTAR 's Bora said `` Witch '' , NCT 's Ten said `` Priest ? `` , TWICE 's Momo said `` Something shocking '' , MONSTA X 's Shownu said `` Nightmare '' , SHINee 's Taemin said `` Ninja ? Black Assassin ? `` , Block B 's U-Kwon said `` The world 's enemy '' , Girls ' Generation 's Hyoyeon said `` Femme fatale '' , and INFINITE 's Hoya said `` A crazy man . A handsome man ! ''
In the following interview , the idol competitors elaborated on their prepared stages , and asked viewers to anticipate the upcoming premiere , as well as `` See us fondly ! `` , `` We 'll work hard '' , and more !
Tune in to 'Hit The Stage ' this July 27 , or be square !
It 's essential that policymakers begin to seriously consider the possibility of a substantial permafrost carbon feedback to global warming . If they do n't , I suspect that down the road we 'll all be looking at the 2°C threshold in our rear-view mirror . — Robert Max Holmes
* * * *
Unraveling the global warming puzzle is simple at its face , complex when you pierce the surface .
We know that burning fossil fuels , that the activity of mining coal , fracking for gas , and drilling for oil all result in dangerous greenhouse gas emissions . We know that the vast majority of these warming gasses are coming from fossil fuel based sources . We know that , now , the burning and mining and fracking and drilling have pushed atmospheric CO2 above 405 parts per million and the global concentration of all CO2 equivalent gasses to an amazing 485 parts per million CO2e ( levels not seen in at least 15 million years ) . And we know that the heat re-radiated by these gasses has warmed the world by about 1 C above 1880s levels — forcing weather patterns to change , seas to rise , ocean health to decline , and setting off a wave of die offs in the animal world while increasing the near-term risk of hunger , spreading tropical disease , and mass displacement in the human world .
( Heat added to the Earth 's atmosphere by fossil fuel emitted gasses like CO2 and Methane are measured in watts per meter squared . A yardstick known as radiative forcing [ RF ] . In the above graph by IPCC , we can see the estimated levels of radiative forcing from each greenhouse gas and total net human heat forcing upon the Earth atmosphere as of 2011 . It 's a measure that may also need to start adding in the RF of feedback greenhouse gasses as the 21st Century progresses . Image source : RealClimate . )
We know many of the names of these other gasses — methane , nitrous oxide , and chlorofluorocarbon . And some of the others — like sulfur hexaflouride — many of us have n't yet heard of . But the big name , the primary warming agent , is carbon dioxide — responsible on its own for the majority of the overall heat forcing currently . A gas so important to long term warming that NASA has called it ‘ the thermostat that controls Earth 's temperature . '
All this is pretty simple and straightforward . But it 's when we start looking at what are called amplifying feedbacks — the Earth System Sensitivity responses to human forced warming — that things really start to get dicey . And wrapped up in the Earth System Sensitivity equation is methane — a greenhouse gas with the ability to strongly influence global temperatures over rather short time-frames .
Methane Spikes to Over 3,000 parts per Billion
On February 20th , for about 12 hours , the NOAA METOP measure recorded a major atmospheric methane spike in the range of 3,096 parts per billion at 20,000 feet in altitude . This was the first time that any measure had recorded such a high methane spike and the first time any measure had exceeded the 3,000 parts per billion thresholds . For context , just two years ago , a methane spike in the range of 2,660 parts per billion would have been significant . Now , we 're getting peak readings that are more than 400 parts per billion higher than that previous maximum threshold .
( METOP showed a record 3,096 parts per billion atmospheric methane spikes on February 20 of 2016 . Thus far , this was the largest such spike ever recorded in the NOAA measure . One that far exceeded a global atmospheric average of around 1830 parts per billion . Image source : NOAA/METOP . )
It 's a pretty ominous signal — especially when you consider the fact that global atmospheric methane averages are in the range of 1830 parts per billion . The recent major spike was about 1170 parts per billion higher . In other words — a pretty extraordinary excession . It 's evidence that the methane sources of the world are growing more vigorous in their output . And when you consider the fact that methane — on a molecule-by-molecule comparison to CO2 — traps about 80 times more heat over the decadal timescale , large additions of methane on top of an already dangerous CO2 forcing is certainly cause for some concern . An issue that may further speed the already rapid pace of human-forced warming such that we become at risk of hitting the 1.5 C and 2 C thresholds sooner than expected . Outcomes we should urgently be working to avoid — by cutting the human-based emission as rapidly as possible at this time .
The Usual Suspects — Fossil Fuel Based Activity
Perhaps still more concerning is the fact that we really do n't know exactly where this significant methane spike is coming from .
We do , however , have a long list of usual suspects . The first , of course , would be from any number of very large and dangerous fossil fuel emission sources . China , with its massive methane belching coal mines , gas infrastructure , and dirty coal burning facilities would be a prime suspect . Mongolia , where equally sprawling coal and gas facilities operate is another likely hot spot . Russia — with its vast and leaky oil and gas fields . The Middle East — which is choked with fossil fuel infrastructure . Europe — where many of Russia 's pipelines terminate and where many nations burn a high-methane brown coal . And the United States — where the geologically destructive practice of fracking has now also recently and greatly increased methane emissions .
Unusual Suspects — Permafrost and Clathrate Warmed by Fossil Fuel Emissions
Looking at the very low resolution METOP graphic above , we find much methane hot spots around the globe . And many of these hot spots do coincide with our usual suspects list . But others are well outside the range we would typically expect . Far up in the north . Over the tundra and the Arctic Ocean where few major fossil fuel burning or extraction facilities now exist . There , somewhat ironically , great piles of permafrost spreading over millions of square miles and sometimes mounding up as thick as two miles are thawing due a greenhouse gas heat forcing from fossil fuel burning often happening hundreds or thousands of miles away . This thawing permafrost is filled with organic material . And when freed of its icy prison it is exposed to the world 's elements and microbes . These forces then go to work turning the organic carbon in that permafrost into carbon dioxide and methane .
This is rather bad news . In total , more than 1,300 billion tons of carbon are locked away in the permafrost soils . And carbon emissions from permafrost make an already bad heat forcing coming from fossil fuel burning even worse .
( Atmospheric methane levels as recorded by various reporting stations and global monitors have been rising more rapidly during recent years . In the Arctic , atmospheric readings have tended to remain above the global average — an indication that local emissions are generating an overburden for the region . Image source : NOAA ESRL . )
But if all the human emissions and potential permafrost emissions were n't bad enough , we have one more major carbon source in the Arctic to consider — methane hydrate . A controversial potential methane release source to be certain . But a very large one that we would be remiss to ignore . Due to the fact that the Arctic has remained very cold overall for the past 3 million years of long ice ages and brief interglacials , this massive store of carbon has been given the opportunity to build up within the relatively shallow and now swiftly warming Arctic Ocean waters and even beneath large sections of now-thawing permafrost . Much of this carbon is in the form of the frozen ice-methane called hydrate . And as the Arctic Ocean warms and sea ice recedes to expose blue ocean to the heating of the sun 's rays for the first time in hundreds of thousands of years , there is concern among some scientists that a not insignificant amount of that submerged frozen methane will release , pass the ocean-atmosphere or thawing permafrost boundary , and add more heat forcing to the world 's atmosphere . The shallow sea of the East Siberian Arctic Shelf has been identified by some to contain as much as 500 billion tons of carbon in the form of frozen methane . And a fossil fueled heating of the Earth may be just now risking amplifying feedback level releases from this large clathrate store along with a number of other very large stores scattered all across the Arctic Ocean basin and on throughout the global ocean system .
A Clearer Picture ? Or One Far More Complex ?
So who among all the various suspects — usual and unusual — may be responsible for the record methane spike now showing up in the METOP measure ?
Before we attempt to answer this question , let 's pull in another methane graphic — this one from the Copernicus Observatory :
( The February 25 Copenicus methane graphic tracking surface methane readings gives a higher resolution indication of surface methane readings than the NOAA METOP measure . This second measure provides some confirmation of an Arctic methane overburden even as spike sources from human emissions become more readily apparent . Omnious spikes also apparently come from wildfires in the tropics and from regions in the Arctic near Yamal , Russia , Northern Scandinavia , the Barents and Kara seas . Image source : The Copernicus Observatory . )
Here we can see the range of surface methane readings according to Copernicus . A higher resolution image that may provide us with a better idea of the point-source location for daily global methane spikes . Here we see that the major methane sources are predominantly China , Russia , the Middle East , Europe , the United States , India , Indonesia , Fires in Africa and the Amazon , and , finally , the Arctic .
Though the Copernicus measure does n't show the same level of Arctic overburden as what has tended to show up in the METOP measure , it 's a confirmation that something in the near Arctic environment is generating local spikes in above 1940 parts per billion for large regions of this sensitive zone .
The Copernicus measure , as noted above , also shows that the human spikes are quite intense , remaining the dominant source of methane emissions globally despite a continued disturbing overburden in the Arctic . Spikes in Africa , the Amazon , and Indonesia also indicate that declining rain forests and related fires in these tropical zones are also probably providing an amplifying feedback to the overall human emission .
Given this month 's spikes and the overall disposition of surface methane readings around the globe , it does appear that the large human base methane emission is being enhanced by feedbacks from local emissions from carbon stores both in the tropics and in the Arctic . This enhancement signal , though somewhat smaller than the fossil fuel related signal in some measures , is concerning and hints that Robert Max Holmes ' warning at the top may be all-too-relevant . For Earth System feedbacks to massive and irresponsible fossil fuel emissions appear to already be starting to complicate our picture of a warming Earth .
Links :
CO2 : The Thermostat That Controls Earth 's Temperature
Ominous Arctic Methane Spike Continues
Huge Methane Spike Coming from US Fracking
Methane Release From Frozen Permafrost Could Trigger Dangerous Global Warming
Concern over Catastrophic Methane Release
A4R Global Methane Tracking
The Copernicus Observatory
NOAA ESRL
RealClimate
NOAA/METOP
Hat Tip to Griffin
Advertisements
It was n't their high blood pressure or high cholesterol that caught Matthew Moore by surprise when they went to their new physician earlier this year . Moore , a Southern California man in their mid-40s , described those conditions as “ normal for me. ” Nor was Moore , who is openly gay , shocked to see that their doctor noted their sexual orientation on their medical paperwork — until they saw the way that they noted it .
“ The sickness label was used to justify discrimination , especially in employment , and especially by our own government . ”
Listed as a chronic condition , Moore noticed “ homosexual behavior ” on their paperwork , followed by the medical code 302.0 . As unsettling as the notation already was , Moore decided to research what the code meant , and they were left wondering how the diagnosis could happen today : “ When I look [ ed ] up code 302.0 [ I learned that it meant ] sexual deviancy or mental illness , and that code has been removed or suggested heavily not to be used since 1973 . ”
“ My jaw was on the floor , ” Moore recounted . “ At first , I kind of laughed , [ and then ] I thought , ‘ Here 's another way that gay people are lessened and made to feel less-than , ' and then as I thought about it and as I dealt with it , it angered me , ” they told a local news station .
Moore complained to their physician , and , dissatisfied with their response when they defended the diagnosis , they wrote a letter to the parent company of the Manhattan Beach office where their physician practiced medicine . Moore received a written apology and a refund of their co-pay .
Moore 's story made the news earlier this year because of how anomalous — and appalling — it was . But prior to 1973 , Moore 's experience would have been almost inevitable , unless they took precautions to keep their sexual orientation as private and secret as possible .
Until a decision by the American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) changed the course of history 40 years ago this Sunday , on December 15 , 1973 , gay and lesbian people could n't escape the perception that their sexuality was a sickness . Months before their death in 2007 , the gay rights activist Barbara Gittings recalled what life was like for gay and lesbian people before that decision : “ The sickness label was an albatross around the neck of our early gay rights groups — it infected all our work on other issues . Anything we said on our behalf could be dismissed as ‘ That 's just your sickness talking . ' The sickness label was used to justify discrimination , especially in employment , and especially by our own government . ”
The breadth of human culture and recorded history has never provided a simple narrative about the way homosexuality has been regarded . Depending on time and place , it has been accepted , tolerated , ignored , or vilified . But in Western culture after the Middle Ages , hostility toward homosexuality took root , and that hostility was reflected in religion , law , and the practice of medicine . Following the examples of religion , which viewed homosexuality as a sin , and law , which viewed it as a crime , medicine and psychiatry from the 19th century onward viewed it as a sickness .
To be sure , there was not a consensus among scientists and mental-health professionals . Sigmund Freud , for example , wrote in an oft-quoted letter in 1935 , “ Homosexuality is assuredly no advantage , but it is nothing to be ashamed of , no vice , no degradation , [ and ] it can not be classified as an illness. ” But Freud 's view did n't prevail until decades later .
Although now seen as flawed in many ways , the pioneering work of biologist and sexologist Alfred Kinsey put some of the first cracks in the foundation that once kept homophobia entrenched among medical and mental-health professionals . Kinsey 's research on sexual behavior among American adults revealed that same-sex sexual activity was far more common than previously assumed — enough so that it could n't be dismissed as a strange fixation of social deviants . Adding more cracks to the foundation was the work of psychologist Evelyn Hooker , whose 1957 study of the psychological health of heterosexual and homosexual men found that they were indistinguishable from each other in each of the three personality tests they administered .
By the early 1970s , the mounting evidence , together with pressure from activists , pushed the psychiatric community to reevaluate how homosexuality was classified . In 1971 , a lesbian newspaper published a petition to the American Psychiatric Association demanding reconsideration of the classification , and when the APA met in Washington , D.C. , that year , the conference included a panel discussion called “ Lifestyles of Non-Patient Homosexuals. ” As Barbara Gittings pointed out , it marked the first time the APA acknowledged that there were homosexuals who were n't receiving psychiatric care — and who did n't need to be .
When the APA met the following year in Dallas , the conference again included a panel discussion about homosexuality . Gittings and their partner Kay Lahusen were involved in organizing the panel , which included two psychiatrists and two gay panelists . Lahusen suggested that the panel also include someone who could speak as both a psychiatrist and a gay person . After many letters and phone calls , Gittings and Lahusen found multiple gay psychiatrists — none of whom would risk their careers to reveal their sexual identity to their colleagues .
One , however , stepped forward , agreeing to participate on the condition that they could wear a disguise . John Fryer knew the risk they would face if their identity were revealed . As they recounted in the Journal of Gay & Lesbian Psychotherapy , “ In 1971 I was not feeling very secure . I was not [ employed ] full-time anywhere . I was only on the clinical faculty at Temple [ University ] and did not have tenure … I had been thrown out of a residency because I was gay ; I had lost a job because I was gay . ”
It was one of history 's lucky coincidences that Fryer 's partner at the time was a drama student , someone used to seeing people reinvent themselves for an audience . With a mask and an oversized outfit , they transformed Fryer into Dr. H. Anonymous so that they could share their story .
Behind their mask , Fryer introduced themselves as a psychiatrist and a homosexual . They added that they “ could be any one of more than a hundred psychiatrists registered at this convention , ” but that “ the curious among you should cease attempting to figure out who I am and listen to what I say. ” They challenged the notion that being homosexual and healthy was “ an impossible oxymoron , ” arguing that they and other gay psychiatrists “ are required to be more healthy than our heterosexual counterparts ” — enough so that they can be therapists to others even as they maintain the resolve to work among colleagues who would view them as sick . To support Fryer 's testimony , Gittings and Lahusen read excerpts from the responses they 'd received from the many other gay psychiatrists who declined to participate in the panel but nonetheless wanted to share their stories .
The panel was a game-changer , and the following February the APA 's Nomenclature Committee convened to put its classification of homosexuality under review . The committee heard arguments both for and against a change in classification , and members looked at the scientific evidence available to them , including the work of Hooker and many other psychologists , as well as many psychiatrists and psychoanalysts . Following that review , on December 15 , 1973 , the APA 's Board of Trustees voted to remove homosexuality from their Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) .
Despite the scientific evidence that backed that decision , the board 's vote sparked an immediate backlash . Two opponents gathered supporters for an initiative that put the question up for vote by the entire APA membership . Their opposition was especially unwarranted in light of the fact that , at the suggestion of psychiatrist Robert Spitzer , homosexuality was removed from the DSM and replaced with “ sexual orientation disturbance. ” It was a new diagnostic label that still left room for psychiatrists to provide treatment for homosexuality , even if homosexuality was no longer considered a mental disorder . Spitzer suggested the compromise , thinking that at that time “ there was no way that homosexuality was going to be removed entirely ” from the DSM .
Ultimately , the opponents ' initiative failed to reverse the decision , and eventually the new diagnostic label Spitzer introduced was removed from the DSM as well .
The 1973 decision still has its detractors , who insist that it was a political one that debases science . Although spurred by activism and full of political implications , the decision was based on a scientific evaluation of the best available evidence . Its scientific soundness was independent of its political importance .
Since their role in the 1973 decision , Robert Spitzer has remained a name inseparable from the question of how the psychiatric community regards homosexuality . Although they were among those who wanted to end its classification as a mental disorder , they were nonetheless intrigued later in their career , in the late 1990s and early 2000s , by the idea that homosexuals could be converted to heterosexuals — so-called conversion therapy . Spitzer conducted a study of 200 men and women who claimed to have changed their sexual orientation from homosexual to heterosexual . Although their colleagues found methodological problems in their study and advised against publishing their findings , Spitzer did just that .
Years later , in their retirement , Spitzer admitted to journalist Gabriel Arana that their critics had been right about their study on conversion therapy . The therapy 's effectiveness was easily discredited , and many who had undergone the treatment could tell about the harm it did to them . One of those many was Arana himself , who had been driven to thoughts of suicide and struggled with self-acceptance .
In May of last year , Spitzer published a letter in the same journal that had published their study . They needed to get it off their chest : “ I believe I owe the gay community an apology. ” Social conservatives who had held up the study to support anti-gay agendas were now empty-handed .
Those who still insist that homosexuality is a curable sickness ignore the evidence against them , no matter how much ridicule that invites . In July of this year , a group purporting to represent ex-gays held a lobby day on Capitol Hill . The organizer predicted that “ thousands of ex-gays ” would arrive in Washington , convincing lawmakers to support therapy to treat homosexuality . When the headcount was in , they realized that fewer than 10 people showed up . The disparity must have been baffling .
A couple of weeks ago Emily Watson wrote on this site that Britain is on the cusp of a re-education programme in Orwellian Newspeak .
Leading this programme is our national broadcaster – the BBC . The BBC is in a uniquely powerful position to alter perceptions and manipulate meanings .
That of course is what its Charter obligations are meant to protect it and us from – from exploiting its position as the national broadcaster , by stringently complying with the principle of impartiality .
But if we needed an example of how far the BBC has transgressed in this duty – which we do n't – it would be this extract from the BBC 's Style Guide ( the document which dictates how BBC journalists write ) on the issue of abortion .
This applies whatever your personal views are on the matter .
This , if a reporter is covering an abortion debate in Parliament for example , is what they must do :
“ Avoid ( the words ) pro-abortion , and use pro-choice instead . ( Because ) Campaigners favour a woman 's right to choose , rather than abortion itself . And use anti-abortion rather than pro-life , except where it is part of the title of a group 's name ” .
Unbiased ? Neutral ? Impartial ? I think not . If they applied the same logic to so-called “ pro-choice ” groups , the BBC 's style guide would demand that they refer to “ anti-abortion ” groups as “ pro-life ” too .
However , that I suspect would be no more acceptable to the great and the good at the BBC than it would be to The British Pregnancy Advisory Service ( bpas ) .Though nominally a charity , like the BBC , bpas it also funded by the taxpayer – in their case to carry out two thirds of the nations annual 185,000 abortions under the euphemism of “ reproductive choice ” . It has , you might say a performance interest , in abortion .
Like bpas the author of the BBC 's Style Guide has as good a grasp of human psychology . Both know that if abortion ‘ rights ' were designated as pro abortion and viewed in this light , rather less establishment and public support might be forthcoming than it is at present .
To be ‘ pro ' is to be on the side of the angels . To be ‘ anti ' is on the side of the devil .
Though there are two conflicting lobbies on the question of the desirability of abortion only one of them , the BBC has dictated , must have its ‘ positive ' spin endorsed and relayed .
Arguably the guideline is probably now unnecessary so ingrained is the pro-abortion mindset at the BBC . A recent Newsnight feature on the Zika virus is a case in point ( January 28 ) . The entire feature was framed in terms of the lack of abortion rights in Brazil , as though that was the only conceivable response to the problem of possible ( but not yet substantiated ) birth defects . The only person interviewed was an abortion activist in conversation with , you 've guessed , the clearly pro-abortion Kirsty Wark .
On the BBC , birth defects equal abortion . The only reason that old age does not yet ( quite ) equal euthanasia at the Big Brother Broadcasting Corporation I guess , is that the baby boomer generation is still in control at the top of the Corporation . Perhaps they are getting too close to their maker themselves . Even so , the language of “ assisted dying ” is to euthanasia what pro-choice is to pro-abortion – a whitewash of the facts , which in the case of abortion are that :
Two thirds of Britain 's annual 185,000 abortions ( which are double the rate of 1970 ) are repeat abortions .
3,000 are performed on girls under 16
These figures exclude the ‘ emergency contraceptive pill or morning after pill which has close to one million users – some taking it regularly , many buying it over-the-counter at chemists , and some getting it free at school .
Of course , the term ‘ pro choice ' is as deceptive as it is inaccurate – which of course is what makes it so persuasive . Choice is a huge and inclusive concept . Is there any reason to suppose that somebody who is in favour of legal abortion actually really believes in choice in any other respect ( for example , choice as to whether one buys BBC television services ) ? One suspects otherwise , so reluctant are the pro-abortionists to countenance openness and honesty regarding the downside of abortion – not least the way it has become a rather brutal form of contraception . For an open and unbiased investigation of the culture of abortion there is little hope from the BBC . Their linguistic ruling precludes it .
If you appreciated this article , perhaps you might consider making a donation to The Conservative Woman . Our contributors and editors are unpaid but there are inevitable costs associated with running a website . We receive no independent funding and depend on our readers to help us , either with regular or one-off payments . You can donate here . Thank you .
What do you get when you combine one of the world 's richest men with arguably the world 's smartest ? No , this is n't a joke – there 's a major announcement coming today from Russian billionaire Yuri Milner and Professor Stephen Hawking .
Details are few and far between at the moment , but what we do know is that the two will reveal a new space exploration project called “ Starshot ” today , Tuesday , April 12 , at 12 p.m. EST ( 5 p.m. BST ) at the One World Observatory in New York City .
The event will be live-streamed online at that time , which you will be able to watch below when the event begins .
So , what 's it all about ? Well , we 're not really sure at the moment . This is the latest Breakthrough Prize from Milner and Hawking , with a previous project from the two being the groundbreaking $ 100 million Breakthrough Listen campaign , one of the most extensive searches for intelligent extraterrestrial life to date .
The name “ Starshot ” might imply that this is some sort of proposal to develop a vehicle to travel beyond the Solar System , or perhaps it is a new observation program to observe other stars aside from our own .
Whatever it turns out to be , make sure you tune in later today to find out .
Hearing that Celtics have former Charlotte big man D.J . White in their sights for 10-day deal now that White 's season in China is over — Marc Stein ( @ ESPNSteinLine ) February 22 , 2013
In their search for front-line help in the wake of losing center Jason Collins in Thursday 's trade for Wizards guard Jordan Crawford , the Boston Celtics might be looking at former Charlotte Bobcats big man D.J . White , according to ESPN 's Marc Stein .
White recently wrapped up a season in the Chinese Basketball Association with the Shanghai Sharks , but had previously spent four seasons in the NBA with the Oklahoma City Thunder and the Bobcats .
In 124 NBA games , the 6-foot-9 White averaged 6.3 points and 3.4 rebounds on 50.7 percent shooting from the field in 16.3 minutes per game .
White was selected 29th overall in the 2008 draft by the Detroit Pistons ( later traded to Seattle ; now Oklahoma City ) after four standout years at Indiana University .
Photo
Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont has denounced candidates who are overly poll-tested , a line of attack that has been used against Hillary Rodham Clinton in the past and one they had in their prepared text as a veiled reference to them at the Iowa Democratic Party Jefferson-Jackson Dinner on Saturday night .
But Mr. Sanders 's campaign , flush with cash from low-dollar donors , has hired a pollster of its own , their senior adviser Tad Devine confirmed . Mr. Sanders has brought on Ben Tulchin , who polled for Howard Dean , the insurgent Democratic presidential candidate of the 2004 cycle .
“ I wanted to hire a pollster , and we decided we did n't need polling until we got to the stage where we would be doing media , and we convinced Bernie that we needed targeting data , ” Mr. Devine said in an email . “ He is not a big consumer of polling , so they did not see the need for it , but I think they understand it in terms of targeting media buys and for voter contact that it has value and can save us money because we wo n't waste resources by , for example , buying the wrong shows on TV . ”
Mr. Sanders plans to begin airing advertisements on television in the coming weeks , Mr. Devine has said . Their campaign began with a smaller budget that has grown as their donation poll has gotten larger , fueled by their army of donors contributing small amounts .
VANCOUVER , BC – Vancouver Whitecaps FC confirmed on Thursday that defender Young-Pyo Lee will return for the 2013 Major League Soccer ( MLS ) season .
Lee , 35 , was one of eight Whitecaps FC players to have their contract option exercised for the 2013 season and has decided that they will continue playing for another year .
“ We 're thrilled that Lee has decided to return for a second season in Vancouver , ” said Whitecaps FC head coach Martin Rennie . “ He was a cornerstone of our backline last year and a leader on the squad . Not only do they bring world-class talent , but also a wealth of experience that will continue to benefit their teammates . ”
In their first season in Vancouver , the South Korean legend finished fifth in MLS with a total of 2,970 minutes played . In total , Lee started and played the full 90 minutes in 33 out of a possible 34 regular season matches . Over the course of the season Lee recorded one goal and was third on the team with four assists . Additionally , Lee - who was named the club 's 2012 Player of the Year - started and played the entire match in the club 's first ever MLS playoff appearance against LA Galaxy .
Post-rock is pretty hip these days , but many people think only at Sigur Rós or God Is An Astronaut when they hear “ post-rock ” . So lets see a bunch of other post-rock bands that are not that famous , but that cool !
1 . Maybeshewill ( United Kingdom )
This is the main reason that made me write this post . A brilliant five-piece bands from Leicester , active since 2005 , with three albums in the pocket . Their sound features lots of piano and keyboard , although their keyboard player Matthew Daly is a full member only from 2011 ( the band used samples for live shows until then ) . However , their song “ The Paris Hilton Sex Tape ” from their 2006 release “ Japanese Spy Transcript ” does not contain any moan by Paris ( youtube that , but do n't forget to include “ maybeshewill ” in the search field ) . The band tours pretty often in the UK , Europe and Asia , sometimes opening for bigger acts like God is an Astronaut . They run their own non-profit independent record label called “ Robot Needs Home ” .
Talking about Paris Hilton , maybe they will like them .
2 . Russian Circles ( U.S.A . )
A very powerful and original trio from the States , featuring a sampling/effects/looper-loving guitar player , a gay bass player and a 4/4 drummer , ( where 4/4 does not stand at all for a measure , but for a 4 piece drum-kit with 4 cymbals ) . The term “ russian circles ” stands for an excruciating drill exercise used in ice hockey . So does the band actually live their band name ? The Circles tour with Coheed And Cambria and Between The Buried And Me . Puck them on their Facebook page , they opened for Tool in the U. K. in 2007 !
3 . Yndi Halda ( England )
Pronounced YIN-dee hal-DAR , the band also features a violin player , which confirms their modern classic status . Active since 2001 , the band started playing live only in 2007 , switching from mostly electronic instruments to acoustic ones . They played only two shows in 2012 , they sell their amps on Facebook and have a great EP released in 2007 . “ Yndi Halda ” is Old Norse ( a North Germanic language ) for their self-titled debut called “ Enjoy Eternal Bliss ” .
4 . Mono ( Japan )
Ok , they have over 50k likes on Facebook , but this is probably because they have a girl on bass ! Playing since 1999 with the same line-up , they just released their 6th album for their parents . Mono loves Iceland , the glockenspiel , reverb , distortion and delay . They play in stereo all over the world and you can find them on their official website .
5 . Tides from Nebula ( Poland )
Polski zespó ? post-rockowy utworzony w 2008 roku w Warszawie . This means that they are from Warsaw , formed in 2008 and they post-rock . Considered as one of the best “ export goods ” in Poland , the band released “ Aura ” in 2009 and “ Earthshine ” in 2011 . Their latest single “ Hollow Lights ” was sold out in 4 hours and , of course , they use Twitter and instagram , and they have no English Wiki page .
Tides on Facebook here .
Photo from Maybeshewill Facebook page .
A guest post by Michi , one of our readers .
2014 California 52nd Congressional District General Election Results
UPDATED : 11/12/14 11:56 AM
ORIGINALLY POSTED : 11/5/14 2:29 PM
On Nov. 4 , the citizens of California 's 52nd Congressional District went to the polls to decide whether incumbent Rep. Scott Peters or former San Diego city councilman Carl DeMaio would represent them . When the votes were counted , Peters emerged victorious , 51.55 % to 48.45 % . The map on this page shows preliminary election results by precinct .
Download the data behind this map here .
Questions , tips or suggestions ? Email reporter Joe Yerardi at joeyerardi @ inewsource.org or call them at 619.594.5321 . Follow Joe on Twitter at @ JoeYerardi .
Address ( find me )
within 2 blocks 1/2 mile 1 mile 2 miles
Voter Turnout 0 - 100
0 %
100 %
How to use this map
This map is colored based on election results by precinct .
Precinct Peters won with 60 percent or more of the vote are dark blue .
. Precinct Peters won with less than 60 percent of the vote are light blue .
. Precincts in which the candidates tied are purple .
. Precincts DeMaio won with less than 60 percent of the vote are light red .
. Precincts DeMaio won with 60 percent or more of the vote are dark red .
. Precincts that returned no votes for either candidate are gray .
Click on a precinct for more information . Use the address search to zoom in on precincts near a specific location . Use the slider to filter precincts by voter turnout .
Moto2 title leader Scott Redding already has 'one firm offer ' to step up to MotoGP next season - with a second expected 'later this week ' .
Those were the words of Redding 's Marc VDS team boss Michael Bartholemy , also Redding 's personal manager , when speaking to the official MotoGP website .
Whilst not revealing who is behind the offers , Bartholemy confirmed that Ducati management , `` have a big eye on Scott , but I have n't spoken with Livio [ Suppo , Honda ] recently . ''
The Marc VDS team is also known to be considering a step up to MotoGP next year . Former factory Kawasaki boss Bartholemy stated `` it would be down to both Redding and team owner Marc van der Straten to make that choice '' .
Redding 's Moto2 title rival Pol Espargaro has long been linked with a Yamaha MotoGP ride for 2014 . And like Marc VDS , Espargaro 's Pons squad is also thought to be considering MotoGP . Team owner Sito Pons previously ran a multi-race winning satelitte Honda team .
Dorna boss Carmelo Ezpeleta recently announced that the MotoGP grid could rise by four places next season . However two of those places were predicted to go to Suzuki , which has delayed its return until 2015 .
Cheaper than you think ? CLICK HERE to see ticket prices for the remaining rounds of the 2013 MotoGP World Championship from the Official MotoGP Ticket Store .
A Saudi prince has urged Americans not to vote for Donald Trump in the upcoming general election .
Turki al-Faisal , who served as Saudia Arabia 's ambassador to the US from 2005 to 2007 , spoke against the presumptive Republican nominee during a foreign policy dinner in Washington , DC on Thursday .
They blasted Trump 's proposal to ban Muslims from entering the US , which the billionaire first formulated in December last year before renewing their vow on Wednesday .
'For the life of me , I can not believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says , `` These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States , '' ' Turki said according to the Huffington Post .
Scroll down for video
Turki al-Faisal ( pictured in September last year ) , a former ambassador to the US , spoke against the presumptive Republican nominee during a foreign policy dinner in Washington , DC on Thursday
'It 's up to you , it 's not up to me , ' Turki added . ' I just hope you , as American citizens , will make the right choice in November . '
Turki , who went to Georgetown University in Washington , DC , is n't currently part of Saudia Arabia 's government but serves as the chairperson of the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies , a cultural organization that conducts research in politics , sociology and heritage .
They spoke Thursday at a dinner hosted by the Washington Institute For Near East Policy at the Mandarin Oriental hotel .
Turki said they had enjoyed the 'spectacle ' of American elections during their time as a student in the US in the 1960s , the Huffington Post write , and found it 'sometimes uplifting , other times the opposite . '
Trump ( pictured at a rally in Charleston , West Virginia , on Thursday ) first proposed to ban Muslims from coming into the US in December last year to prevent terrorist attacks and stuck by their plan on Wednesday
Trump first proposed to ban Muslims from coming into the US in December last year to prevent terrorist attacks .
They stuck by their plan on Wednesday , saying on MSNBC 's Morning Joe they did n't care if it hurt them in the general election .
' I 'm doing the right thing when I do this . And whether it 's Muslim or whether it 's something else , I mean , I have to do the right thing , and that 's the way I 've been guided , ' they said .
'And I 've been guided by common sense , by what 's right . And you see what 's happening . We have to be careful . I mean , we 're allowing thousands of people to come into our country , thousands and thousands of people being placed all over the country that frankly nobody knows who they are .
Donald Trump is now surpassing Hillary Clinton among a national electorate , edging them out by three percentage points in the latest general election poll by Fox News .
The Fox News survey , out late Wednesday , shows Trump leading Clinton 45-42 percent , with a three-point advantage that 's within the poll 's margin of error . Trump has gained ground on Clinton since last month , when the same poll found the former secretary of state up 48 percent to 41 percent .
The real estate mogul sent out a victorious tweet about the poll Wednesday night :
Trump 's strong base of support comes from their popularity among working-class white voters without a college degree : They outperform Clinton among those voters 61-42 percent . Overall , white voters tend to prefer Trump ( 55-31 percent ) , and they even have an advantage over Clinton among white women ( 47-38 percent ) .
Clinton , however , performs much better among minority populations : among black voters , Clinton is up 90-7 percent , while Hispanic voters favor their 62-23 percent .
When it comes to the two candidates ' moral values , voters do n't feel as if they can trust either Clinton or Trump . Sixty-six percent of the poll 's sample said Clinton was not honest and trustworthy , compared to the 31 percent that said they are . Trump does just slightly better on this score , with 57 percent saying he 's dishonest and 40 percent saying he 's not . Most voters -- 71 percent -- believe Clinton will `` say anything to get elected , '' while 65 percent say the same of Trump .
In a head-to-head matchup between Trump and Clinton 's Democratic rival , Bernie Sanders , the New York billionaire would lose out to Sanders . Trump 's support clocks in at 42 percent , compared to Sanders ' support at 46 percent . About 10 percent of Sanders voters say they would vote for Trump over Clinton in the general election if their preferred candidate was not on the ballot .
The Fox News poll was conducted by Anderson Robbins Research and Shaw & Company Research among 1,021 registered voters nationwide from May 14-17 , 2016 . The poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points for all registered voters .
Chainsawesome Games has launched their first game for the Steam Linux client . BeatBlasters III mixes rhythm in a funky fresh world full of colorful , strange , characters and places . Winner of Intel 's LevelUp Best in Sound , BeatBlasters will deliver amazing dynamic music that changes based on your timing and ability .
We have been testing the game for the past month on our Linux boxen without issue .
Screens :
About :
Take control of Joey or Gina , two beat loving kids with some amazing powers ( and totally different music ) as they save the inhabitants of the town of Accapella from the music hating butcher . Armed with their three powers they will protect and aid the denizens of this strange land ; for right , justice , and the freedom to listen to some killer tunes .
Each character in BeatBlasters III has unique music as well as a unique special power to aid them on their quest . Each character also shares the same three main abilities , an attack power , a shield bubble , and jet boots . Each use of these items depletes their energy , which is recharged through accurate rhythm tapping . However , while building energy the heroes are unable to attack or defend themselves , making the pacing of energy growth and decline a frantic battle of the bands . Every level and battle is a totally unique experience , keeping the game fresh as the kids attempt to reach The Butcher and end their reign of silence . The better you do on each level the more stars you 'll earn towards unlocking 8 different weapons to use in your battle against musical exile .
Webzone : chainsawesomegames.com
Hi-tech electronic surveillance has revealed that kakapo breeding this season has got off to a racing start .
Photo : DOC
Seven female kakapos have mated in the last 10 days , since January 9th , including Kuia , a 17-year old bird that carries precious Fiordland kakapo genes and has never bred before .
Department of Conservation kakapo ranger Daryl Eason says that cool spring temperatures meant the department was predicting a late breeding season to occur around mid-February , but eager kakapo have begun breeding more than a month earlier .
And hi-tech electronic surveillance is ensuring that the Kakapo Recovery team is totally up-to-date with the news .
Ten days ago the team was sent an exciting email : the first mating of this year 's breeding season had taken place on remote Anchor Island , in Fiordland .
Since then four more female kakapos on Anchor Island and two on Whenua Hou/Codfish Island , near Stewart Island , also started breeding .
This season looks set to be the first time that kakapo has successfully bred on Anchor Island .
Eason says they predicted there might be 15 kakapo nests this season , which could result in 30-40 chicks .
One of the problems facing the threatened kakapo is that most of the 125 birds are closely related and there is little genetic diversity .
But Kuia and their two brothers , Sinbad and Gulliver , are descended from a kakapo named Richard Henry , who was the last remaining Fiordland kakapo .
Their genes are quite different from the rest of the kakapo population which hails from Stewart Island stock .
Photo : DOC
Photo : DOC
Population growing but infertility a problem
Although kakapo remain one of New Zealand 's most threatened birds , their outlook has improved dramatically over the last two decades .
In the early 1990s there were just 51 kakapos , most of them aging males , but since 1997 intense management has seen their numbers climb to 125 .
The population is now made up of many younger birds and an equal ratio of males and females .
However , high levels of infertility are an ongoing problem dogging conservation efforts . “ On average only 60 percent of eggs that are laid are fertile , and in the last breeding season , in 2014 , only 40 percent of eggs were fertile , which was very disappointing , ” Eason says .
While the lack of genetic diversity is related to the problem of infertility , the number of times a female mates has also been shown to be of critical importance , Eason says .
“ A female who mates twice with the same male has an improved chance of laying fertile eggs , but if they mate with two different males there is a 90 percent chance that their eggs will be fertile . ”
Kuia , the young Fiordland female , has already mated with two other first-time breeders , Blake and Kumi , which bodes well for the chances of them laying fertile eggs .
Photo : DOC
Daryl Eason says they are particularly excited to see a number of young birds that have never bred before finally breeding .
“ The males that have bred so far on Anchor Island are all young birds , and we do n't know how that might affect their fertility . It 's exciting as we 've never had so many young males in the breeding population before , but we do n't know what their performance might be . ”
Trees determine the timing
The nocturnal kakapo only breed every 2-4 years , and their breeding is triggered by the mass seeding of podocarp trees , especially rimu . However Eason says that a mass flowering of Nothofagus beech trees on Anchor Island also seems to be playing a role there . “ We do n't really know how kakapo react to beech seeding , but we do know that kakapo used to be widespread in Fiordland and they probably relied on beech seed to raise their chicks . ”
Kakapo are currently managed on three islands . As well as Anchor and Whenua Hou/Codfish islands , male kakapo on Hauturu/Little Barrier Island , in the Hauraki Gulf , are also carrying out the booming display that marks their readiness to breed , and there is a possibility of breeding on that island as well .
Check Mate , Errols and the Train Station
Electronic surveillance and hi-tech monitoring devices that have been specially developed for the kakapo conservation programme are making a significant difference in kakapo management this year .
All male kakapo carries a small device on their back called a Check Mate . The Check Mate transmitter contains an activity sensor that records how active the bird is , for example whether it 's running towards a feeding station or energetically shaking during a mating .
The Check Mate also contains a proximity sensor to detect the transmitter of any nearby females , and it logs how long they stay around the male . The date and time of the interaction is recorded , and the ‘ quality ' of the interaction is also calculated .
The Check Mate transmitter relays all this information via a complex series of beeps , that can either be ‘ read ' in the field by a ranger using a radio telemetry set or relayed remotely .
Every morning , between 5am and 7am , the Check Mate transmitters ‘ ‘ talk '' to a system of electronic receivers called Errols . The Errols are located on strategic highpoints on the kakapo islands . Once they have recorded all the data they transmit it via satellite or a cellphone network to a laptop computer , nick-named the Train Station .
“ The rangers on the island can wake up to an email each morning telling them what has happened overnight , ” Eason says .
Each female kakapo carries a different kind of transmitter known as an Egg-Timer transmitter . These were developed for use with kiwi and have been refined for kakapo . Egg-Timer transmitters log the daily activity of a female kakapo . Usually they are active for about 9 hours a night , especially if they are travelling long distances to find a mate . But when they start incubating eggs this will plummet to about 2 hours a night , alerting the rangers to the fact that they have begun nesting . Once again this data can be detected by a ranger in the field or sent via an Errol . “ It saves us a lot of time walking around islands trying to locate every female kakapo , ” Eason says .
Hands-on management
In the last decade the Kakapo Recovery Team has successfully pioneered the use of artificial insemination in an effort to improve the genetics of the population and improve the fertility rate of eggs . The artificial insemination programme is set to continue on Whenua Hou/Codfish Island this year .
“ I 'm really looking forward to the day when we can increase the number of chicks being produced just by having more fertile eggs , ” Eason says . “ It 's always so sad to see infertile eggs . ”
The team has also been developing supplementary food to boost breeding and chick survival . A new pumpkin-based food pellet is being trialled this year .
Daryl Eason says they plan to artificially incubate as many kakapo eggs as possible . “ We have shown that we are better at safely incubating kakapo eggs than some of the kakapo mums , and we want to reduce the risk as much as possible . ”
Wherever possible chicks will be reared by their own mother or by a foster mother , although chicks can be hand-reared if necessary .
Julian Assange : Russian government not source of leaked DNC and Podesta emails - WikiLeaks editor contradicts CIA claims in new interview BelfastTelegraph.co.uk WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange has again denied that emails from the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) and Hillary Clinton 's campaign chairperson John Podesta were hacked and leaked to their organisation by the Russian government . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/julian-assange-russian-government-not-source-of-leaked-dnc-and-podesta-emails-wikileaks-editor-contradicts-cia-claims-in-new-interview-35300175.html https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article31064772.ece/a43c7/AUTOCROP/h342/2015-03-14_new_7791147_I1.JPG
Email
WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange has again denied that emails from the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) and Hillary Clinton 's campaign chairperson John Podesta were hacked and leaked to their organisation by the Russian government .
In an interview with Sean Hannity they were asked : `` So in other words , let me be clear ... Russia did not give you the Podesta documents or anything from the DNC ? ''
The Australian founder of the whistleblowing website , who has been living in the Ecuadorian embassy in London for over four years , responded : `` That 's correct . ''
Assange said : `` We 're unhappy that we felt that we needed to even say that it was n't a state party . Normally , we say nothing at all .
`` We have ... a strong interest in protecting our sources , and so we never say anything about them , never ruling anyone in or anyone out .
`` And so here , in order to prevent a distraction attack against our publications , we 've had to come out and say ‘ no , it 's not a state party . Stop trying to distract in that way and pay attention to the content of the publication , '' they told Hannity .
Assange also revealed that WikiLeaks received `` about three pages of information to do with the [ Republican National Committee ] and Donald Trump [ during the campaign ] , but it was already public somewhere else . ''
Last week Craig Murray , the former UK ambassador to Uzbekistan , who is a close associate of Assange , dismissed the CIA 's claims that Russia was the source of the emails as `` bulls * * * '' .
The accounts by Murray and Assange directly contradict the story advanced by the CIA .
On Friday the Washington Post reported on a 'secret assessment ' by the CIA , which concluded that Russian intelligence hacked the Democratic National Committee 's servers and that of Hillary Clinton 's campaign chairperson John Podesta , specifically to help Trump win the presidency .
Mr Murray said : `` I know who leaked them . I 've met the person who leaked them , and they are certainly not Russian and it 's an insider . It 's a leak , not a hack ; the two are different things .
“ If what the CIA are saying is true , and the CIA 's statement refers to people who are known to be linked to the Russian state , they would have arrested someone if it was someone inside the United States .
“ America has not been shy about arresting whistleblowers and it 's not been shy about extraditing hackers . They plainly have no knowledge whatsoever . ”
They then revealed to Dailymail.com that they had flown to Washington DC for a secret hand-off with one of the sources in September .
They said that they met an intermediary in a wooded area near a US university to retrieve a package .
The Kremlin has also rejected the hacking accusations while Assange has also previously said the leaks were not linked to Russia .
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card . It would be called conspiracy theory ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 12 , 2016
Read more
The claims also drew a rebuke from Trump 's transition team , which said in a statement : `` These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction . ''
Meanwhile US President-elect Donald Trump called the CIA 's assessment `` ridiculous '' .
“ Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card . It would be called conspiracy theory ! ” Trump tweeted on Monday morning .
Mr Trump rejected the CIA 's conclusion that Russia tried to interfere with the presidential election and blamed `` very embarrassed '' Democrats for the public release of the assessment . The Washington Post first reported the CIA finding on Friday .
`` It 's ridiculous , '' Mr Trump said of the CIA 's assessment . They added , however , that they do not necessarily oppose President Barack Obama 's order for a review of campaign-season hacking . `` If you 're going to do that , I think you should not just say 'Russia ' . You should say other countries also , and maybe other individuals . ''
The White House has said the probe would focus on any breaches by other countries , and past elections .
Intelligence assessments
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence ( ODNI ) , which oversees the 17 agency-strong US intelligence community , has not embraced the CIA 's assessment , sources have told Reuters .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation , whose standards require it to make cases that can stand up in court , also declined to accept the CIA 's analysis .
In an angry letter sent to ODNI chief James Clapper on Monday , House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said they were “ dismayed ” that the top US intelligence official had not informed the panel of the CIA 's analysis and the difference between its judgment and the FBI 's assessment , Reuters reported .
`` ODNI is not arguing that the agency ( CIA ) is wrong , only that they ca n't prove intent , '' one of the officials told the news agency . `` Of course they ca n't , absent agents in on the decision-making in Moscow . ”
The ODNI was formed after the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
Read more
'Thin reed '
“ [ It was ] a thin reed upon which to base an analytical judgment , ” another official said in response to the speculation . They stressed that the “ judgment based on the fact that Russian entities hacked both Democrats and Republicans and only the Democratic information was leaked . ”
Republican Senator John McCain said on Monday there was `` no information '' that Russian hacking of US political organisations was aimed at influencing the election .
`` It 's obvious that the Russians hacked into our campaigns , '' McCain said told Reuters .
`` But there is no information that they were intending to affect the outcome of our election and that 's why we need a congressional investigation . ''
Daily briefings
Mr Trump has said that they are not interested in getting daily intelligence briefings - an unprecedented rejection of the nation 's massive and sophisticated intelligence apparatus .
The president-elect 's remarks come as key congressional Republicans joined Democrats in demanding a bi-partisan investigation into the Kremlin 's activities and questioned consideration of Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson - who has close business ties with Moscow - as head of the State Department .
Read more
Asked whether they are rejecting valuable intelligence on Fox News Sunday , Mr Trump was defiant .
`` I get it when I need it , '' they said of the top-secret briefings sessions , adding that they are leaving it up to the briefers to decide when a development represents a `` change '' big enough to notify him . `` I do n't have to be told the same thing in the same words every single day for the next eight years . ''
The CIA said it has concluded with `` high confidence '' that Russia sought to influence the US election on behalf of Mr Trump . The finding alarmed legislators , including Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman McCain who said they planned to put senator Lindsay Graham , a staunch critic of Mr Trump , in charge of investigating the claim .
Read more
They said : `` The Russians did n't tell Clinton to ignore Wisconsin and Michigan , '' two states they were expected to win that went instead for Mr Trump .
`` She lost the election because their ideas were bad . They did n't fit the electorate . They ignored states that they should n't have and Donald Trump was the change agent , '' Mr Priebus said . Mr Trump 's win , they added , `` had nothing to do with the Russians '' .
Belfast Telegraph Digital
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Republicans just killed unemployment benefit extensions for Americans out of pettiness and with an eye toward political gain . They know that if the Democrats ca n't help the economy by this fall , the Democrats will suffer at the polls .
The AP reports :
“ Republicans in the Senate have defeated an election-year bill to continue weekly jobless benefits for millions of long-term unemployed workers . The 57-41 loss was a major blow for President Barack Obama and Democrats . They needed three more votes — for a total of 60 — to stop a GOP filibuster .
The rejected bill would also have provided billions of dollars in new aid , protecting the jobs of tens of thousands of state and local government workers as the country begins to emerge from the worst recession in seven decades .
Democrats have been trying to advance the measure for months as an insurance policy against a double-dip recession .
Despite another round of cuts to the measure aimed at pacifying GOP deficit concerns , not a single Republican broke with party leaders determined to kill the measure for adding more than $ 30 billion to the deficit . ”
Not only do they not care about out of work Americans , but they do n't care if America slides into a depression . In fact , they are doing everything they can to ensure that happens so that they can use it to regain power .
“ The latest version of the measure contains a variety of provisions sought by lawmakers in both parties , blending jobless aid averaging about $ 300 a week with the renewal of dozens of tax cuts sought by business groups and a host of other legislation . It is considerably smaller than a version that passed with GOP help just three months ago . ”
When the GOP wo n't even vote yes on their own ideas , it 's clear that they have a political agenda and that agenda has nothing to do with helping America right now .
Republicans who are oozing with sympathy for poor BP ca n't muster one iota of concern or sympathy for Americans who are suffering right now . This is truly disgraceful .
There is a time and place for partisan politics , and this is n't it . This is n't about the deficit , it 's about November . Once again , the Republican Party shows where its true loyalty lay – and that 's to its own power .
It looks like the Democrats will have to use reconciliation to govern around the Party of No once again . Expect to hear squeals about a tyrannical government coming soon from your local Fox outlet .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
With Tim Pawlenty out of the presidential race , it is now fairly clear that the GOP candidate will either be Mitt Romney or someone who makes George W. Bush look like Tom Paine . Of the three most plausible candidates for the Republican nomination , two are deeply associated with a theocratic strain of Christian fundamentalism known as Dominionism . If you want to understand Michele Bachmann and Rick Perry , understanding Dominionism is n't optional .
Put simply , Dominionism means that Christians have a God-given right to rule all earthly institutions . Originating among some of America 's most radical theocrats , it 's long had an influence on religious-right education and political organizing . But because it seems so outré , getting ordinary people to take it seriously can be difficult . Most writers , myself included , who explore it have been called paranoid . In a contemptuous 2006 First Things review of several books , including Kevin Phillips ' American Theocracy , and my own Kingdom Coming : The Rise of Christian Nationalism , conservative columnist Ross Douthat wrote , “ the fear of theocracy has become a defining panic of the Bush era . ”
Now , however , we have the most theocratic Republican field in American history , and suddenly , the concept of Dominionism is reaching mainstream audiences . Writing about Bachmann in The New Yorker this month , Ryan Lizza spent several paragraphs explaining how the premise fit into the Minnesota member of congress 's intellectual and theological development . And a recent Texas Observer cover story on Rick Perry examined their relationship with the New Apostolic Reformation , a Dominionist variant of Pentecostalism that coalesced about a decade ago . “ [ W ] hat makes the New Apostolic Reformation movement so potent is its growing fascination with infiltrating politics and government , ” wrote Forrest Wilder . Its members “ believe Christians—certain Christians—are destined to not just take ‘ dominion ' over government , but stealthily climb to the commanding heights of what they term the ‘ Seven Mountains ' of society , including the media and the arts and entertainment world . ”
In many ways , Dominionism is a more political phenomenon than a theological one . It cuts across Christian denominations , from stern , austere sects to the signs-and-wonders culture of modern megachurches . Think of it like political Islamism , which shapes the activism of a number of antagonistic fundamentalist movements , from Sunni Wahabis in the Arab world to Shiite fundamentalists in Iran .
Dominionism derives from a small fringe sect called Christian Reconstructionism , founded by a Calvinist theologian named R. J. Rushdoony in the 1960s . Christian Reconstructionism openly advocates replacing American law with the strictures of the Old Testament , replete with the death penalty for homosexuality , abortion , and even apostasy . The appeal of Christian Reconstructionism is , obviously , limited , and mainstream Christian right figures like Ralph Reed have denounced it .
But while Rushdoony was a totalitarian , they were a prolific and influential one—he elaborated their theories in a number of books , including the massive , three-volume Institutes of Biblical Law . And their ideas , along with those of their followers , have had an incalculable impact on the milieu that spawned both Bachmann and Perry .
Rushdoony pioneered the Christian homeschooling movement , as well as the revisionist history , ubiquitous on the religious right , that paints the U.S. as a Christian nation founded on biblical principles . They consistently defended Southern slavery and contrasted it with the greater evils of socialism : “ The law here is humane and also unsentimental , ” they wrote . “ It recognizes that some people are by nature slaves and will always be so ... Socialism , on the contrary , tries to give the slave all the advantages of their security together with the benefits of freedom , and in the process , destroys both the free and the enslaved . ”
Rushdoony 's most influential idea was the concept of Dominionism , which spread far beyond the Christian Reconstructionist fringe . “ ‘ Dominion theologians , ' as they are called , lay great emphasis on Genesis 1:26–7 , where God tells Adam to assume dominion over the animate and inanimate world , ” wrote the scholar Garry Wills in their book Under God : Religion and American Politics , describing the influence of the ideology on Pat Robertson . “ When man fell , their control over creation was forfeited ; but the saved , who are restored by baptism , can claim again the rights given Adam . ”
For believers in Dominionism , rule by non-Christians is a sort of sacrilege—which explains , in part , the theological fury that has accompanied the election of our last two Democratic presidents . “ Christians have an obligation , a mandate , a commission , a holy responsibility to reclaim the land for Jesus Christ—to have dominion in civil structures , just as in every other aspect of life and godliness , ” wrote George Grant , the former executive director of Coral Ridge Ministries , which has since changed its name to Truth in Action Ministries . “ But it is dominion we are after . Not just a voice ... It is dominion we are after . Not just equal time ... World conquest . ”
Bachmann is close to Truth in Action Ministries ; last year , they appeared in one of its documentaries , Socialism : A Clear and Present Danger . In it , they espoused the idea , common in Reconstructionist circles , that the government has no right to collect taxes in excess of 10 percent , the amount that believers are called to tithe to the church . On their state-senate-campaign website , they recommended a book co-authored by Grant titled Call of Duty : The Sterling Nobility of Robert E. Lee , which , as Lizza reported , depicted the civil war as a battle between the devout Christian South and the Godless North , and lauded slavery as a benevolent institution . “ The unity and companionship that existed between the races in the South prior to the war was the fruit of a common faith , ” the book said .
One could go on and on listing the Dominionist influences on Bachmann 's thinking . They often cite Francis Schaeffer , the godfather of the anti-abortion movement , who held seminars on Rushdoony 's work and helped disseminate their ideas to a larger evangelical audience . John Eidsmoe , an Oral Roberts University professor who , she 's said , “ had a great influence on me , ” is a Christian Reconstructionist . They often praise the Christian nationalist historian David Barton , who is intimately associated with the Christian Reconstructionist movement ; an article about slavery on the website of their organization , Wallbuilders , defends the institution 's biblical basis , with extensive citations of Rushdoony . ( “ God 's laws concerning slavery provided parameters for treatment of slaves , which were for the benefit of all involved , ” it says . )
In elaborating Bachmann 's Dominionist history , though , it 's important to point out that they are not unique . Perry tends to be regarded as marginally more reasonable than Bachmann , but they are as closely associated with Dominionism as they are , though their links are to a different strain of the ideology .
The Christian Reconstructionists tend to be skeptical of Pentecostalism , with its magic , prophesies , speaking in tongues , and wild ecstasies . Certainly , there are overlaps between the traditions—Oral Roberts , where Bachmann studied with Eidsmoe , was a Pentecostal school . But it 's only recently that one group of Pentecostals , the New Apostolic Reformation , has created its own distinct Dominionist movement . And members see Perry as their ticket to power .
“ The New Apostles talk about taking dominion over American society in pastoral terms , ” wrote Wilder in the Texas Observer . “ They refer to the ‘ Seven Mountains ' of society : family , religion , arts and entertainment , media , government , education , and business . These are the nerve centers of society that God ( or their people ) must control. ” They quote a sermon from Tom Schlueter , New Apostolic pastor close to Perry . “ We 're going to infiltrate [ the government ] , not run from it . I know why God 's doing what he 's doing ... He 's just simply saying , ‘ Tom I 've given you authority in a governmental authority , and I need you to infiltrate the governmental mountain . ”
According to Wilder , members of the New Apostolic Reformation see Perry as their vehicle to claim the “ mountain ” of government . Some have told Perry that Texas is a “ prophet state , ” destined , with their leadership , to bring America back to God . The movement was deeply involved in The Response , the massive prayer rally that Perry hosted in Houston earlier this month . “ Eight members of The Response ‘ leadership team ' are affiliated with the New Apostolic Reformation movement , ” wrote Wilder . “ The long list of The Response 's official endorses—posted on the event 's website—reads like a Who 's Who of the apostolic-prophetic crowd , including movement founder C. Peter Wagner . ”
We have not seen this sort of thing at the highest levels of the Republican Party before . Those of us who wrote about the Christian fundamentalist influence on the Bush administration were alarmed that one of their advisers , Marvin Olasky , was associated with Christian Reconstructionism . It seemed unthinkable , at the time , that an American president was taking advice from even a single person whose ideas were so inimical to democracy . Few of us imagined that someone who actually championed such ideas would have a shot at the White House . It turns out we were n't paranoid enough . If Bush eroded the separation of church and state , the GOP is now poised to nominate someone who will mount an all-out assault on it . We need to take their beliefs seriously , because they certainly do .
Getty Images
As the draft has approached , a popular theory has emerged linking running back Christian McCaffrey to the Panthers at No . 8 . ( Indeed , that 's where they reside in the 2017 PFT Worst Mock Draft Ever . )
A source with knowledge of the dynamics believes the McCaffrey chatter is likely a smokescreen , one of the many that are wafting through the air like whatever Phil Simms pushed in the direction of Jim Nantz . Regardless of whether Carolina pulls the trigger , the expected range for McCaffrey currently is No . 5 through No . 15 .
This means that if a team picking between No . 9 and No . 15 believes the Panthers chatter , that team could trade up to jump the Panthers .
If McCaffrey indeed goes in the top 15 , the team that takes them needs to be ready to embrace him , fully and completely and not as a member of a three-man rotation . Picks that high should be reserved only to players who will be on the field all the time ; if the team that takes them is n't prepared to do that , the team should n't take him .
McCaffrey 's ability to play tailback and slot receiver makes them conducive to a team that will use the no-huddle offense from time to time , allowing McCaffrey to be deployed in various ways in the hopes of creating mismatches . If McCaffrey plays at the next level like they played in college , they could instantly be a difference-maker . The current indications are that at least one team picking in the first half of round one will feel that way .
Dr Web , a Russian AV software company , says it has spotted a piece of malware that - unusually - targets Linux and Mac OS X .
Named Wirenet.1 by Dr Web , this newly discovered piece of malware apparently provides its masters with a backdoor into infected systems .
It also steals password entered by the user in several popular browsers ( Chrome , Chromium , Firefox and Opera ) or stored in other applications including Pidgin , SeaMonkey and Thunderbird .
And as if that was n't enough , it includes a keylogger to capture the user 's keystrokes .
Wirenet.1 installs itself into the user 's home directory using the name WIFIADAPT .
The company is still investigating how the malware is being spread .
Wirenet.1 is detected and removed by Dr Web 's AV products for Mac and Linux , and presumably other vendors will follow suit .
One mitigation is to block communication with 212.7.208.65 , which is the control server used by the attackers .
A Rosslyn Business Improvement District employee saved a woman 's cell phone during a robbery this afternoon .
The woman was texting behind the McDonald 's , on N. Lynn Street , when a man ran past and snatched their cell phone out of their hands , the BID employee said . Neither they nor the victim wished to be identified .
The woman called for help , and another BID employee got on the radio to describe the suspect , a black man in dark clothing , they said . Standing at the corner of N. Lynn and 19th Streets , they saw the suspect run by .
“ I just asked them to give me the phone , ” the good Samaritan said , “ and they did , then they ran off toward the Metro . They had two phones in their hand and they gave me one of them . ”
The BID employee and the woman gave their accounts to the police before speaking with ARLnow.com .
“ I guess [ the suspect ] was n't trying to get into any trouble , ” they said . Asked why they think it was so easy for the suspect to give up the phone , they said : “ It 's just a good weekend , I guess . ”
As of earlier this afternoon , the suspect was still at large .
The Israeli Knesset on Monday evening passed a controversial law that bans the issuing of visas and residency permits to foreign citizens who call for boycott , divestment and sanctions against Israel , effectively banning them from being able to visit the Israel .
The law will apply to any foreign citizen who publicly calls for a boycott of the State of Israel or works for an organization supporting a boycott .
According to the text of the bill , the BDS movement represents the “ new front in the war against the State of Israel , which has stopped Israel from preparing against it as necessary . ''
`` The proposed law will prevent people or representatives of companies , foundations or groups calling for a boycott of Israel from operating within the lands of the State of Israel to advance their ideas , ” the bill reads .
The law , which received broad support from both right-wing and centrist parties , passed by a vote of 46-28 on its third and final reading .
The Lumia 640 was only announced by Microsoft a few weeks ago , but many people are eagerly awaiting its release , slated for 'April ' .
MetroPCS is evidently primed for the sale of the entry-level Lumia in 'mid to late May ' . The date is slightly later than open market availability although it is not too far pushed back .
Cost of the device is looking to be $ 99 likely off-contract , although final pricing is not locked in 100 % just yet . MetroPCS 's version will support LTE although it is not clear if it will be dual SIM .
The information comes to us from a MetroPCS employee who shared with us some internal documentation from the carrier .
The Lumia 640 looks to be a solid entry-level Windows Phone or even a carry over for people waiting for a flagship Windows 10 phone later this year . The specifications make it an admirable choice , especially for just $ 99 flat .
The antipathy to Donald Trump , which in its keenest manifestations is fierce and relentless , is a disabling set of mind , nowhere more so than in the reporting on or about him .
Contempt for Trump—the conviction that they are some sort of dangerous historical “ accident ” in the presidential office—serves as a warrant for abandoning all disinterested judgment and analytic neutrality . To those who oppose him , particularly those in the news media , Trump is regarded as just SO bad that standards can be virtuously abandoned , and neutrality and dispassion set aside , so long as it helps ( such is the hope ) to hurt Trump , and , maybe , get rid of him .
The new rule is : anything that can weaken Trump 's standing , sever their connection with the populist base , and help to bring them down is fair game . Hence the sloppiness and one-directional nature of most Trump news . In just the last few weeks , Brian Ross at ABC , the Wall Street Journal , and CNN each had to correct or deny major stories that had all been wrong in the same direction . They hurt Trump .
Stories , however , that might hint at some aspects of competency or adroitness in Trump 's handling of affairs are either passed over or given the most desultory treatment . How many tins of Pepsi Trump drinks gets more coverage than the defeat of ISIS in Iraq , which has occurred under their watch . Under Obama that would have generated skyscraper headlines ; under Trump you can search for it in the back pages and fine print .
Contempt for Trump serves as a warrant for abandoning all disinterested judgment
When the majority of the American media failed in their coverage of the presidential election , they had to find some excuse for their massive incompetence . The New York Times , with all their resources , and after two full years of daily coverage of the campaign , was nonetheless projecting Hillary Clinton 's chances of victory at a full 92 per cent on election night itself . That was at least better than the pathologically anti-Trump HuffPost , which had Hillary 's chances set at a modest 98 per cent ! Such was the state of American journalism , these companies barely allowed for the mere possibility that Trump could win . Under their professional eye , they were just a sideshow , even in the very hours before they actually won .
These two—the Times and HuffPost—can stand for a large set of the American press , both traditional and online . Their reading of the American election was the greatest journalistic failure—the largest act of group incompetence—in decades . This failure fostered the need for some excuse for how they got so much so wrong .
They could n't just step out honestly and say : “ Hey , we despised this guy so much that it really warped our thinking and twisted our coverage , blocked out what we did n't want to see . We were so mad at them we could not see. ” That would have been the truthful and honourable thing to do . So , obviously , it was not adopted . Instead , the answer they did come up with , quickly and conveniently enough , was Fake News .
Now there has always been fake news
Now there has always been fake news . Newspaper , TV , magazines have always , to some degree , had a slant , an overall editorial direction . But the Fake News that we heard about for most of 2017 , and were warned against by journalism 's elders , and was so deplored by the monks of NPR and PBS , was something new and altogether more sinister . This Fake News was a project in itself , something crafted specifically and particularly , and deployed maliciously , by the fiends of the Trump campaign .
The way the term Fake News was invoked by newscasters , panels , and journalism profs was actually kind of scary . Fake News was a threat to the republic ; it enjoyed a corrupting power that effortlessly ousted the voices of the real media , and blunted the rational minds of the electorate . That Fake News was powerful stuff .
Actually , it was just a lot of silly rationalization for poor coverage , an excuse for incompetence on the part of much of the professional press . Fake News , no surprise , is itself fake news . That 's the primary thing to know about it . It is a product of the eagerly conspiratorial minds of the anti-Trumpers and Never Trumpers . It is quite interesting to note how the rational liberal observers of 2017 are so invested in conspiracies . They think the idiot Trump—for that is how they see him—set in motion complicated collusions with Putin and the Russians , and simultaneously undermined the national media with Fake News , and lulled an entire nation into the belief that they could not be elected .
Not bad for a 69 year old loon and lout .
Such has been the substance of the coverage of the Trump presidency since the day they took office . There 's the—forgive the expression—real fake news .
A short update from the Rosetta mission team at ESOC , still working today in the Main Control Room . We spoke a few minutes ago with Ignacio Tanco , deputy spacecraft operations manager , who reports that the spacecraft is doing very well , thank you !
Rosetta is operating nominally ; the network systems and overall ground segment to control the mission are nominal Last night , Rosetta lost contact with Philae as expected when it orbited below the horizon just after 20:00 CET . Contact was re-established this morning at 06:01 UTC / 07:01 CET , and the Philae-Rosetta radio link was initially unstable . As Rosetta rose higher above the Philae landing site , the link became very stable and the lander could transmit telemetry ( status and housekeeping information ) and science data from the surface . This morning 's surface link was again lost due to Rosetta 's orbit at about 09:58 UTC / 10:58 CET . Ignacio explains that with the current orbit , Rosetta will have , typically , two Philae communication windows per day . The next window opens at 19:27 UTC on the spacecraft and runs through to 23:47 UTC spacecraft time .
The team are ensuring that Rosetta maintains an orbit that is optimised for lander communication support ; they are planning a manoeuvre ( thruster burn ) today to be conducted on Friday that will help keep Rosetta where it should be . Rosetta already conducted a burn last night as part of this effort .
Rosetta is presently sending signals to the ground stations at about 28 Kbps ; Ignacio says that the spacecraft 's own telemetry downlink uses about 1 or 2 Kbps of this , so the rest is being used to download science data from Rosetta and lander science and telemetry from the surface .
06 Jun 2017 -- - Analysis conducted by the Changing Markets Foundation has reviewed the results of almost 9,000 laboratory tests conducted in Europe during 2015 in connection with levels of acrylamide in food , particularly in relation to babies and children . The Changing Markets Foundation is an organization which partners with NGOs on market focused campaigns to expose irresponsible corporate practices and drive change towards a more sustainable economy .
It says that unpublished European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) data shows a lot of food products exceed benchmark levels for carcinogenic content . According to the organization , one in fourteen food products tested in 2015 continue to have dangerously high levels of acrylamide .
Over 70 percent of these tests were implemented by the food industry and not by food safety authorities , according to CMF .
The highest level ( 5887 μg/kg ) , almost six times above the European reference value , was found in a sample of potato crisps taken in Germany . A sample of biscuits taken in Spain had the second highest value ( 5085 μg/kg ) , ten times over the European benchmark for that food group .
CMF adds that it is the results from the official tests conducted by European food safety authorities that seem to identify most cases of non-compliance and detect higher levels of acrylamide .
“ Our analysis suggests that there is a significant discrepancy between industry 's self-monitoring and official results from the European authorities ” said Nuša Urbancic , campaigns director at the Changing Markets Foundation . “ This makes us question whether such self-monitoring regime is indeed delivering for public health or just covering up for the worst offenders in the industry ” .
The presence of acrylamide in food is considered a public health concern by EFSA as it increases the risk of developing cancer , and young children are the most vulnerable .
Although data suggests there has been a slight downward trend across some food categories compared to previous years , it is alarming that the highest proportion of offending products are found in categories of foods destined for babies , with one in four of all cereal based baby food samples being above the European reference level , adds CMF .
Acrylamide legislation on the cards
In response to health concerns regarding acrylamide exposure , a legislative proposal is being discussed by the European Commission and Member States .
Although a vote is expected in July , it is not yet known the extent of the legislation or when any measures relating to acrylamide will be introduced .
According to CM , the proposal also keeps the bulk of monitoring of acrylamide levels firmly in the hands of industry .
“ It is very concerning that babies and children continue to be exposed to high levels of acrylamide in foods destined for them , ” said Eoin Dubsky , campaigns manager at SumOfUs , a global advocacy organization and online community that campaigns to hold big corporations accountable .
“ Almost 250,000 Europeans are asking Commissioner Andriukaitis to put in place binding levels for acrylamide in foods as soon as possible to guarantee that consumers are protected from dangerous exposure . It 's perfectly feasible and EU health officials should put public health before profits of food corporations . ”
To contact our editorial team please email us at editorial @ cnsmedia.com
FORT MYERS , Fla. - A terminated Walmart employee was caught on camera causing a scene and a mess at the Walmart on Six Mile Cypress and Colonial Boulevard in Fort Myers late Tuesday night .
“ It was pretty crazy , ” said one witness .
Cell phone video shows the employee cursing and yelling as they walked through the store , followed by other employees trying to keep them contained until police officers arrived .
“ I saw 2 liters busted all over the floor , there were bread loaves being thrown , the employee was punching holes in signs , throwing things all over the floor , ” said Austin Sawyer , who witnessed the incident and caught it on video .
“ I 've never seen an employee freak out that way , ” Sawyer said .
The incident now has customers wondering why Walmart did n't do more to quell the chaos .
“ They should have better security so they could just get them and talk to them and try to calm them down instead of following them around , ” said one customer .
When 4 In Your Corner reached out to the retail giant about the incident , a Walmart spokesperson stated , “ We are aware of the situation but can not discuss specific personnel matters . ”
“ It took me by surprise cause its such a big organization and they did n't do anything at all to prevent it , ” said Sawyer .
It 's unclear who the woman is and if they will be facing any charges .
Palestinian women walk near the border fence in the northern Gaza Strip town of Beit Hanun town on March 26 . ( Mohammed Saber/European Pressphoto Agency )
JERUSALEM — A day after militant Islamist group Hamas updated , and some say softened , its founding charter , an international human rights watchdog slammed the group as “ cruel ” and “ torturous ” over its continued incarceration of two Israelis with serious mental health conditions .
[ Palestinians think Trump can make a deal ]
In a report published Tuesday , Human Rights Watch shed light on the disappearance of Avera Mangistu , an Israeli Jew of Ethiopian descent , and Hisham al-Sayed , a Bedouin Israeli . Both men were seen on Israeli security cameras entering Gaza , Mangistu in September 2014 and Sayed in April 2015 .
Neither has been heard from since .
Hamas has not confirmed that the men are in Gaza , but it has not denied it either . Over the past two years , officials from the Strip have made coy references to them and to the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the 2014 summer war between Israel and Hamas .
[ Palestinians and Israelis are now fighting over corpses ]
Two weeks ago , Hamas leader , Khaled Meshal declared that “ any information about Israeli captives would carry a price ” — indicating the two men are to be used as bargaining chips in exchange for Hamas combatants serving time in Israeli jails .
Hamas officials interviewed for the Human Rights Watch report suggested the two Israelis were legitimate prisoners of war because every Israeli male serves in the army . In one instance , the group 's military wing , Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades , published computer-altered photographs of the men dressed Israeli army uniforms .
A Human Rights Watch investigation revealed that both Mangistu and al-Sayed were rejected from Israeli military service on the grounds of their mental health .
“ Hamas 's refusal to confirm its apparent prolonged detention of men with mental health conditions and no connection to the hostilities is cruel and indefensible , ” said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . “ No grievance or objective can justify holding people incommunicado and bartering over their fates . ”
The scolding from the Human Rights Watch comes as Hamas tries to rehabilitate its standing in the world . The Islamist militant group is viewed as a terrorist organization by Israel and the United States . But on Monday , it released a new manifesto rebranding itself as an Islamic national liberation movement . While it no longer explicitly calls for the destruction of Israel , it does retain the goal of “ liberating ” historic Palestine .
The report also came out on the eve of Wednesday 's meeting between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and President Trump at the White House . Though Abbas is the elected leader of the Palestinian Authority , which controls the West Bank , they have no sway with Hamas .
Research for the report was carried out in September 2016 , the first time since 2008 that Israel had allowed representatives of the nongovernmental organization to enter Gaza , an area that has been under an Israeli and Egyptian land and sea blockade since Hamas took control in 2007 .
Israel has not been sympathetic to the work of Human Rights Watch , often claiming that the organization singles Israel out on its human rights violations , while overlooking some of the world 's worst violators . In February , an American investigator from Human Rights Watch was denied entry to Israel on the grounds that the NGO is “ systematically anti-Israel ” and works as a tool for pro-Palestinian propaganda .
[ Israel calls Human Rights Watch a propaganda tool , says it is not welcome ]
This time , however , it is Hamas that is failing to comply with international humanitarian law by breaking commitments made in April 2014 under the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities . Under the treaty , states must “ provide protections for people with psychosocial , or mental health , disabilities , ” wrote Human Rights Watch in its report .
According to the report , Mangistu , 30 , entered Gaza through a barbed wire fence near a beach on Sept. 7 , 2014 . Sayed , 29 , simply walked across the border into Gaza on April 20 , 2015 .
The family of a third Israeli citizen , Jumaa Abu Ghanima , also said their son had disappeared into Gaza , sometime in July 2016 . Human Rights Watch , however , wrote it could not independently corroborate that account .
“ Mangistu and al-Sayed , an Ethiopian Jew and Palestinian Bedouin with mental health conditions , come from among the most marginalized communities in Israeli society , ” Whitson said . “ There is nothing patriotic or heroic in forcibly disappearing them . ”
The group 's calls on Hamas to unconditionally disclose the men 's whereabouts and release them “ unless they can provide a credible legal basis for continuing to hold them. ” It also said Hamas should allow the men to immediately make contact with their families .
Israeli has also called on Hamas to return Mangistu and Sayed , as well as the bodies of Hadar Goldin and Oron Shaul , the two Israeli soldiers killed in the 2014 summer war between Israel and Hamas .
DETROIT -- For those who obsess over LeBron James ' minutes , Monday was a good night .
James played a season-low 27 minutes in the Cavs ' 116-88 win over the Detroit Pistons , exiting the game with 1:40 left in the third quarter having scored 18 points with eight assists .
James is 32 , and even with the easy night against the Pistons still leads the NBA with 37.9 minutes per game . Giannis Antetokounmpo , 22 , is second with 37.8 minutes for Milwaukee .
Because James is going for their eighth consecutive Finals , which means they play into June , no one has played more basketball than them during this stretch .
Even Cavs rival Draymond Green of the Warriors said last week they thought James was playing too many minutes -- he 's now played seven of 17 games above 40 minutes .
James said Green was right . James said their minutes would go down once injured players like Isaiah Thomas , Derrick Rose , and Tristan Thompson return .
James ' coach , Tyronn Lue , has grown tired of constantly being asked about the minutes , however .
`` Yeah , I hear about that all the time , '' Lue said . `` I played with Michael Jordan when they were 39 they played 37 minutes a night . Karl Malone was 37 , played 38 minutes a night , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Magic Johnson , Kobe . Everybody 's built different . If you 're one of the greats , sometimes you 've got to play , sometimes you get rest like tonight . ''
James said after Monday 's win : `` You make so much a big thing about my minutes . It 's not a huge issue . But at the end of the day , when we can get a win like this , everybody benefits from it . Not just me . Everybody . ''
After a win last week over Charlotte , James told cleveland.com in response to Green 's comments : `` We want to get those minutes down for sure . But as of right now , we 've had two point guards out and we 've had some different lineup changes , so , I 've had to play more minutes than I would like , and more minutes than my teammates would like me to have . ''
This is n't likely a clash between Lue and James over workload , but rather a plea to reporters to stop asking them about it .
Lue did indeed play with Jordan in Washington for the final two seasons of Jordan 's illustrious career , and in those two seasons ( 2001-03 ) Jordan averaged 34.9 and 37.0 minutes per game , respectively . Jordan was 39 when they retired after that final season .
But James has already passed Jordan in regular-season minutes , and needs just three to pass Shaquille O'Neal ( 41,918 minutes ) for 24th in NBA history .
Factoring in playoffs , James has played 51,043 minutes . Jordan played 48,485 in both the regular season and playoffs over 15 seasons , but they retired twice before they even joined the Wizards . This is James ' 15th season .
Abdul-Jabbar is indeed the NBA 's all-time leader in minutes played ( 57,446 during the regular season ) , followed by Malone ( 54,852 ) .
Conceptual Interceptor Receiving Facility ( IRF ) at the Missile Assembly Building ( MAB ) is pictured July 17 , 2007 , at the Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , where the United States is testing the missile defence shield . REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A test of the only U.S. defense against long-range ballistic missiles failed on Friday , the third consecutive failure involving the interceptor system managed by Boeing Co , the Defense Department said .
“ Program officials will conduct an extensive review to determine the cause or causes of any anomalies which may have prevented a successful intercept , ” it said in a statement .
The military has tested the so-called ground-based midcourse defense system 16 times . It has succeeded eight times , with the last intercept in December 2008 .
The Pentagon said this week that the test would not affect its decision to bolster the U.S. missile defense system . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced the move in March following threats by North Korea .
Under that plan , the Pentagon will add 14 new anti-missile interceptors at a total cost of nearly $ 1 billion .
The United States currently has 26 interceptors deployed at Fort Greely in Alaska and four at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California .
In Friday 's test , a long-range ballistic missile target was launched from the U.S. Army 's Reagan Test Site on Kwajalein Atoll , Republic of the Marshall Islands . The interceptor missile was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base .
This sale has now ended . Missed it ? Do n't worry , there are still tons of great bundles available !
Get 33 % off Construct 2 in our new sale when bought in a bundle ! Hurry , the sale will end this Friday !
There are four bundles to choose from to save big :
Option # 1
Construct 2 Sale — Spriter Bundle
Take advantage of this offer
+
+
You 'll get your own Construct 2 license , the awesome animation tool Spriter and an animated art pack for Spriter . A great start for any budding game developer !
Option # 2
Construct 2 Sale — Sound Effects Bundle
Take advantage of this offer
+
+
+
Get your very own Construct 2 license , over 1,000 8-bit sound effects , 5 funktastic music tracks AND 75 retro sound effects all together !
Option # 3
Construct 2 Sale — Graphics Bundle
Take advantage of this offer
+
+
+
Pick up Construct 2 , 1,400 RPG icons , a beautiful cave tileset and the Mobile Game UI together today .
Option # 4
Construct 2 Sale — MEGA Bundle
Take advantage of this offer
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
Feeling frisky ? Pick up everything in the above bundles and more with a whopping great big saving !
Bonus
Business License Upgrade Sale
We also have 33 % Business License Upgrades as well ! Turn your Personal Edition License into a Business Edition License today and do n't miss out on this discount .
There 's never been a better opportunity to pick up Construct 2 with a big discount and a treasure chest of other discounted goodies ! If you 've been sitting on the free edition for a while , now is a great time to take the plunge with all the features of Construct 2 .
Google is finally opening up its Google Shopping Express service to the public today , with the same day delivery service being made available as a test to select users in San Francisco and the Peninsula from San Mateo to San Jose . Participating retailers include , as we 've previously reported : Target , Walgreens , Staples , American Eagle , Toys “ R ” Us/Babies “ R ” Us , Office Depot , San Francisco 's Blue Bottle Coffee , Raley 's Nob Hill Foods , and Palo Alto Toy & Sport .
Our original report asserted that this service was trying to price itself competitively to Amazon at around $ 69 – $ 64 a year , but Google is still working on its pricing plan and will be re-evaluting it as data comes in from early testers and retailers . Early testers will be getting six months of free , same day delivery via the platform , with items costing the same as they do in store .
I for one am excited about the prospect of getting my Blue Bottle when I want it , and would be chuffed to be part of the Google beta test assuming it 's delivering hot , fresh coffee and not just bags of beans . Something tells me I wo n't however , and I have no idea how Google will be on-boarding its testers today .
( You can sign up to apply to be a tester here . And retailers that want to get involved can go here . )
On the consumer side , the idea is consumer convenience . “ Hopefully , no more trips across town for simple errands , ” writes Tom Fallows , the product management director for Google Shopping Express , in a blog post .
And despite the uncertainty around pricing and other logistics , Google Shopping Express will be a boon for retailers , too , allowing them to engage new customers as the userbase takes advantage of the fact that they can shop multiple retailers with all the items delivered simultaneously . In addition to new lead gen , the benefits also include increasing purchase volume from existing customers because of convenience .
Google 's gotten into the eCommerce convenience game . Watch your backs eTailers .
In the battle between organizations whose main principles I often agree with and whose tantrums and publicity whore tactics regularly make me want to punch a wall , it 's usually a toss-up between PETA and American Atheists . But this week , you win , American Atheists .
The organization went to court this week to argue that a cross-shaped steel beam salvaged from the wreckage of the twin towers should not be part of the national 9/11 museum and memorial , which is scheduled to officially open in May . `` It 's necessary to fight this because this is inequality on government property , '' says American Atheists president David Silverman . To quote Gru from `` Despicable Me , '' `` Whaaaaaaat ? ''
Advertisement :
Construction worker Frank Silecchia pulled the beam from the ruins of the towers shortly after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 , and had the 17-foot-tall , 4,000-pound cross cut from it . It became in the days immediately following the tragedy an impromptu memorial , and a gathering place for people to leave messages and prayers . Silecchia said at the time , `` When I first saw it , it took my heart , and made me cry for about 20 minutes . It helped me heal the burden of my despair , and gave me closure on the whole catastrophe . '' It was subsequently blessed by ground zero chaplain Father Brian Jordan .
And because of that , Ken Bronstein of New York City Atheists says , `` What we have here is a definite consecrated religious object . It is not a historical artifact . '' Attorney Edwin F. Kagin adds that the cross `` violates the First Amendment because atheists are not represented equally . '' And the atheists have requested that if the cross is not removed , there be a plaque noting that `` Atheists died here , too . '' But last year , Judge Deborah A. Batts ruled that the cross and its display `` help demonstrate how those at ground zero coped with the devastation they witnessed during the rescue and recovery effort , '' and called it a `` historical and secular '' piece .
An appeals court heard the atheist case Thursday . On Thursday evening , Megyn Kelly had the group 's president , David Silverman , on Fox 's `` Kelly Files '' to ask him , `` Is it a little disingenuous to claim that atheists in your group are suffering dyspepsia and headaches as a result of seeing that cross included in the museum ? '' Silverman said that it 's not so much about the inclusion of the cross but the exclusion of a similar tribute to 9/11 's atheist victims , but added , `` I 'm not surprised they 're suffering symptoms ... I get a headache when I think we 're being discriminated against by the World Trade Center memorial . '' I do n't know if you actually hear my eyes rolling right now , but believe me they are . Earlier in the segment , Kelly told Silverman flat out , `` You lost . You lost . You lost … Does n't sound like you had the greatest day today . '' American Atheists : The group that actually made me this week think for a moment , `` You 're damn right , Megyn Kelly . ''
A cross-shaped item can take on Christian meaning , no doubt . There 's a 9/11 memorial featuring a similar cross from the wreckage of the towers in my neighborhood – and it 's on the grounds of our parish church . That big original cross has deep symbolic meaning for many -- deep Christian meaning . But hey , that 's what happened , historically . Silverman told Kelly Thursday , `` We think the atheists who also died on 9/11 , and the Muslims and the Jews , should all have their equal presence . '' But why ? Did an equal number of atheists , Jews , Muslims and Christians die ? And when did the idea that everybody should get an exact and equal portion , regardless of what 's correct or what 's historically accurate , become anything less than a stupid idea ? You can honor all the lives lost on 9/11 without creating a false past in which we 're supposed to conspicuously ignore an element of the story that conflicts with the beliefs of some groups . You really can . You do it by not assuming that what happened in the wake of an American disaster and the way that people dealt with unfathomable loss was an affront to your delicate sensibilities .
If you want to get offended over the placement of Christian imagery in a memorial to a historic event , you 're going to be pissed off at a whole lot of museums and even more of history itself . That cross is part of what happened . It 's part of the building that was destroyed and it 's part of the experience of the people who worked on the recovery efforts afterward and it 's part of the experience of the visitors who paid their respects after them . It just is . This is n't a school system trying to sneak Bibles into the classrooms . This is n't the Ten Commandments in a courthouse . You want to fight against that religious infiltration into public life ? I am on your side . You want to keep church and state separate ? Me too . But you want to pitch a fit over an item that 's a clear-cut part of the story because you do n't like what it symbolizes ? You 're mad there 's no 9/11 equivalent to that 17-foot cross because apparently nobody had the foresight to pull a satisfying secular symbol out of the wreckage ? Please , just grow up . Because in this fight , you have n't got a prayer .
The Cape Breton Regional Municipality and its police commission are considering installing collection kiosks for used needles in every community in the region , following a presentation Tuesday from health advocates .
Porter said the Ally Centre 's needle exchange program collected 608,000 needles last year . ( Nic Meloney/CBC )
The kiosks , which are designed like locked mailboxes , allow intravenous drug users to safely discard needles and syringes .
Over the past five years , the non-profit Ally Centre has helped to place kiosks in eight different locations across the municipality : Sydney Mines , Glace Bay , New Waterford , downtown Sydney and four in Eskasoni First Nation .
Of the 608,000 needles collected by the Ally Centre 's needle exchange program last year , 78,000 came from those boxes . The director of the organization , Christine Porter , said the numbers prove needle collection , like garbage pickup , is `` a necessity . ''
The municipality and police commission are now considering needle kiosks for every Cape Breton community . ( Nic Meloney/CBC )
`` That 's quite a lot of sharps if you were to pile them up in the middle of the room , '' Porter said . `` Beaches , parks , particularly where children gather — that 's where needles cause the most community disruption . ''
Porter said the boxes could be distributed in areas that have municipal trash cans , where many of the needles end up .
`` People will drop needles in those garbage bins along the boardwalks and parks , '' they said . `` If they 're in an actual disposal box , and handled the way they should be handled , there 's a lot less danger in maintaining those containers . ''
Porter was one of six health advocates who gave officials a two-hour presentation on harm reduction — strategies to reduce inconsistencies and stigmas around substance abuse treatment .
The kiosks are like locked mailboxes , placed in discreet locations where intravenous drug use is more common . ( Nic Meloney/CBC )
`` I was n't aware there were so few , '' Mayor Cecil Clarke said of the number of needle kiosks .
They said eight is inadequate and `` we see that reflected in what 's being disposed of in back parking lots or park areas , so these are things we need to address . ''
Clarke said the municipality and the police commission will now begin to consider the details of where to place additional kiosks and how to safely collect and dispose of the needles .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen has refused to be drawn on claims the Government is looking at making an adjustment of €7 billion in the forthcoming budget .
Reacting to a claim by Fine Gael finance spokesperson Michael Noonan that the Department for Finance is considering cuts of up to €7 billion , Mr Cowen said no final decision on the budget has been made . However , they warned the economy will face “ significant adjustments ” over the next four years .
Mr Cowen told RTÉ Radio a number of different scenarios were outlined to Fine Gael and Labour spokespeople when they met with departmental officials earlier this week .
“ Scenarios were outlined for illustrative purposes , ” they said . “ One per cent [ growth ] - certain outcomes arise , two per cent - certain outcomes arise . ”
In a statement today , the Department of Finance said it had outlined a number of options for the Government that would entail cuts of up to €7 billion in the budget .
`` Given the current working macroeconomic forecast , indicative deficits were set out for consolidation packages of the order of €3 billion , €4.5 billion and €7 billion , '' the ministry said in a statement , adding : `` At no point was any specific target given . ''
Mr Cowen said the Government said a final decision on the adjustments is contingent on finalising a projected growth figure for next year . “ We 're consulting with a whole range of international agencies and obviously the EU as well , ” they said . “ When we finalise this [ growth projection for next year ] in the coming days and weeks we will outline the situation in full . ”
Warning that a “ significantly higher adjustment ” will have to be made over the next four years , the Taoiseach said the Cabinet would be meeting over the bank holiday weekend and into next week to discuss the fiscal situation .
“ There are a lot of discussions taking place . What we do know is that there will be a significantly higher adjustment to be made between now and 2014 ”
Last night , the Government and the two main Opposition parties reaffirmed their commitment to meeting the 2014 deadline after a 2¼-hour meeting of the party leaders . In a statement last night , Mr Cowen said the party leaders had also welcomed the proposal that there should be a debate on the economy in the Dáil next week , and said the Department of Finance would remain available to continue its briefing of the Opposition parties and to cost any proposals they put forward .
The Department of Finance said said today the Government will not ask the European Commission to extend the 2014 deadline for getting the country 's budget deficit back under control .
`` It is not realistic to extend out the period of adjustment . This would result in a situation in which more and more of our revenue would be used to simply pay interest on our debt . We can not allow this to happen , ” a spokesperson said .
The comments come after the country 's leading economic think-tank cast doubt on the wisdom of the proposed four-year-strategy to deal with the hole in the public finances .
In its latest quarterly economic forecast , the Economic and Social Research Institute ( ESRI ) endorsed the suggestion from the general secretary of the Irish Congress of Trade Unions David Begg that the Government should extend to 2016 the period over which it attempts to reduce the deficit .
The institute said the proposed deadline posed a risk of “ overkill ” .
Mr Begg said the country had already seen three “ brutal budgets ” which had failed to build credibility . “ How is anybody going to sell this message to the Irish people in those circumstances ? ” they asked .
Mr Begg said it was clear if the Government continued with the 2014 scenario , the consequences for the country would be very great .
However , the European Commission last night rejected calls for the deadline to be extended . The chief spokesperson for EU economics commissioner Olli Rehn said only the European Council could change the 2014 target confirmed recently by the Government . “ The Irish Government has confirmed as of the end of September its commitment to achieving the 3 per cent per target in 2014 , ” they said .
Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan said the Government could get an extension of the 2014 deadline “ after a few years ” , but only if it showed a credible four-year plan now . Seeking an extension of the deadline beyond 2014 now would be “ devoid of any credibility ” .
In its quarterly economic forecast published today , the ESRI acknowledges that changing the current timeframe is “ highly ” unlikely and that the Government has very little room for manoeuvre , but it says moving the time horizon from 2014 to 2016 would be seen as credible by international lenders .
One of the authors of the report , Dr Alan Barrett , told a press briefing yesterday it was `` very hard to see the Croke Park deal surviving ” .
That deal , agreed between the Government and public sector trade unions , excludes further pay cuts and compulsory redundancies for public sector employees . The ESRI report questions whether either of these commitments can be maintained and says the issue of pay might have to be “ re-opened ” .
Dr Barrett said the strategy of depending on natural wastage to reduce the number of people employed in the public sector was not efficient as it made no account of productivity .
The institute also states that last year 's report for the Government by economist Colm McCarthy , known as “ An Bord Snip Nua ” , may have to be re-examined to consider more fundamental cuts to public sector spending and employee numbers .
The ESRI has become more pessimistic in its analysis over the past three months , stating “ a range of severe difficulties still face the economy and , in the case of at least one , Ireland 's capacity to borrow on international markets , difficulties have become more acute ” . Reflecting this , it has cut its economic growth forecasts for both this year and next .
In 2010 , it expects gross domestic product ( GDP ) to contract by 0.25 per cent . Three months ago , it expected the economy to expand by that amount . For 2011 , it expects the economy to grow 2.25 per cent , the first annual expansion since 2007 . However , this forecast has been revised down by half a percentage point since July .
Westergaard : The Key to Bike Progress in Denver Is to Give Up on Bike Lanes
Neil Westergaard , editor of the Denver Business Journal , wants Denver to slow its roll and stop trying to make Broadway function like a safe city street instead of a surface highway .
Denver Public Works , backed by elected officials , will install a two-way , parking-protected bike lane on four blocks of Broadway next month — a temporary measure intended to lay the groundwork for a permanent bikeway between I-25 and Colfax . Broadway and its northbound counterpart , Lincoln , would both receive more effective bus lanes and safer pedestrian crossings as part of the project .
Westergaard is fresh off a trip to bike-forward Copenhagen , which is a case study in how cities can repurpose street space for biking . Copenhagen was n't born a great biking city — it took very deliberate steps over many years to convert traffic lanes and parking spaces into safe bikeways and pedestrian zones .
Evidently , Westergaard did n't get the message , because they just wrote a column in which they call the Broadway redesign “ dead on arrival. ” The piece is behind a pay wall , but here are some lowlights :
I 've been skeptical of the Broadway bike lane idea . Broadway is a major vehicle route out of downtown Denver in the afternoon and one of the busiest streets in the city . More than 36,000 cars a day use that street . Where are all those cars going to go when up to two through lanes of traffic are taken away in favor of bike lanes and a dedicated transit lane ? That 's one of the configurations in the city 's plans . Politically , I think it 's going to be dead on arrival . Last summer , the city of Boulder was forced to abandon protected bike lanes on a section of Folsom Street because of outcry from Boulder motorists . If this idea ca n't fly in Boulder , I doubt it can grow wings in Denver .
Broadway already has a dedicated transit lane during rush hours , so Westergaard can rest assured that no lane is being “ taken away ” for buses .
What they want to know , then , is “ where are all those cars going to go ” when Public Works converts one driving lane into a two-way bike lane . But the question to ask is really , “ Why does Broadway have so many lanes for cars in the first place ? ”
Public Works and its consultants have held several public meetings where they plainly demonstrated Broadway 's inefficiency . Planners compared Lincoln 's busiest hour to Broadway 's and found that Lincoln 's four lanes moved about 1,000 more cars than Broadway 's five . In other words , there 's too much space for cars on Broadway .
That makes the street dangerous , because it leads drivers to travel at high speeds .
Finally , Boulder was not “ forced to abandon ” the Folsom Street bike lane . Its City Council caved at the first hint of displeasure from motorists after a mere two months . Denver boosters should be out to prove that our city gets things done , not cite political cowardice in a neighboring government as a model for our own .
Westergaard continues , regaling readers with their thoughts about Copenhagen :
I came away impressed . Copenhagen is a truly remarkable place for cycling . Everyone bikes , rain or shine . All the major thoroughfares have bike lanes that are separated from the vehicle traffic lanes and have their own traffic signals . There are ample places to park bicycles at the ubiquitous transit stations around the city and they 're allowed on the metro and regional trains , too . But unlike Denver , there is an absolutely slavish devotion to traffic laws . Cyclists in Copenhagen know the rules and obey them . There 's no running stoplights , riding on sidewalks or other reckless behavior the kind which we often see here . ( Except maybe by tourists . ) People ride single file , signal when they are going to stop or turn and get out of the way quickly . It is not uncommon to see 30 to 50 bicycles lined up waiting for the light to change at an intersection .
Westergaard has it all backwards . Copenhagen does n't have an excellent bike network because cyclists follow the rules . Cyclists in Copenhagen follow the rules because the city has an excellent bike network .
It 's not a mystery why people on bikes break the law . A leading researcher on the subject is CU Denver 's own Wes Marshall . Denver 's cars-only street designs compel bike riders to adopt “ scofflaw ” behavior to stay safe . Marshall found that people on bikes often pedal through red lights to be more visible to drivers approaching from behind , for instance . ( And for the record , bicyclists can legally ride two abreast . )
If Broadway was a safe place for people to bike , people on bikes would be less inclined to break laws — and more people would bike . That 's what happened after Public Works installed the 15th Street protected bike lane . Bicyclists might flock to Broadway — like they do in Westergaard 's lovely description of Copenhagen — if the street catered to them a little bit .
Continues Westergaard :
On Broadway , however , the plans call for maintaining parking lanes on both sides of the street . I 'd view the Broadway bike plans a lot more favorably if the city would simply eliminate the parking lane on one side of Broadway , but I doubt merchants would go along with it . They understand that most of their customers are still driving automobiles .
Yes , as anyone who attended the public workshops for the redesign knows , the business owners with reservations about the redesign were concerned mostly with losing on-street parking , which is why no parking spaces will be repurposed . It sounds like Westergaard 's priority is to simply move car traffic — they prefer an extra express lane to I-25 for suburban commuters to a safe commercial street for the neighborhood . Why does the editor of the city 's leading business publication want something that local business owners do n't ?
Westergaard saves their best trolling for the end of the column :
It 's laudable that Denver is looking at transportation alternatives . But it should be smarter about it . Forcing bike lanes onto a high traffic commuter corridor at the expense of cars to satisfy a minority of bike commuters and activists is a form of social engineering that is just going to enrage motorists . And , just like they did in Boulder , opponents will exercise their superior political strength and get it scuttled , setting back the development of workable bike infrastructure development for years .
Yeah . What are these people thinking when they call for safe bike lanes on an important street ? They should listen to Neil Westergaard 's expert advice about achieving change and just give up . That 's how Denver will make progress on bike infrastructure development .
An Epically Composed Follow-Up Title , Ni No Kuni II Is No Longer a PS4 Exclusive
Ni no Kuni II : Revenant Kingdom , one of the most anticipated RPGs for PlayStation 4 , is also coming to PC . Feast your eyes on Ding Dong Dell , a kingdom where cats , mice , and humans have lived in harmony . You must survive a coup through the eyes of child King Evan . Live the life of a monarch who must rebuild a world being torn asunder before their their very eyes .
So we have another epic tale developed by none another than Level-5 Inc. , known for substantial work across platforms ; namely , titles such as Yo-kai Watch , Dragon Quest , Rogue Galaxy , and more . With participation from former Studio Ghibli animator Yoshiyuki Momose and music by Joe Hisaishi , players blend into a beautifully seamless environment of adventurous storytelling and political intrigue .
“ Supporting Evan on their adventure are friends Roland , Tani , and beings known as Higgledies who come from the power of the hearts found within people , animals , and elements such as fire and wind . Only individuals with pure hearts can see the Higgledies . The Higgledies will aid Evan throughout their journey , helping them in battles , and letting them reach places they would n't otherwise be able to access . Join Evan on their quest as they fight powerful monsters , face perilous dungeons , and rises to once again become a King ! ”
Grab a look at the world of No no Kuni II in the latest screenshots showcasing exploration and combat :
Ni no Kuni II : Revenant Kingdom arrives on PlayStation 4 and PC this year : 2017 . We 'll keep you updated on exact release dates and more info as time goes by . Simply stay tuned to COGconnected . Happy gaming .
SOURCE : Press Release
Do n't F * ck With A Pageant Queen Or They Might Put Glass In Your Face Powder
The first queen of RuPaul 's Drag Race Season 8 sashayed away in an emotional elimination this past Monday .
Naysha Lopez , one of the most beautiful queens to ever compete on the show , was the unlucky queen to get sent home . Following their elimination , we got the chance to speak with Naysha and learn a little bit more about this gorgeous pageant queen . From revealing how hardworking pageant queens are , to stories of girls putting glass into other queens ' powder , Naysha holds nothing back .
Check out the full interview below and do n't forget to come back every Tuesday for our full recap articles . Enjoy !
Related : “ RuPaul 's Drag Race ” Recap Realness : 100 % Pure Love
Queerty : Since you were eliminated , how have the responses from fans been online ?
Naysha : Overwhelming . Everyone is so supportive and so nice .
Because you were unfortunately the first to go home , we did n't get to see much of you on the show . Was there anything in that first episode that we did n't get to see that you wish they aired ?
Everything ! No , haha ! You got to see my love for pageantry , which I was telling Chi Chi [ DeVayne ] about . But the thing you did n't get to see is my work ethic . Unfortunately I do not sew , but that is in now way a representation of who I am or what I do when I do drag . I put every inch of me into what I do . I love my craft and I work very hard at what I do . I wish you got to see a little bit more of that .
I think my mom gave birth to me on a runway . When I 'm onstage , it 's a whole ‘ nother thing , and I 'm so sad you did n't get to see that .
Pageant queens have n't typically shined on RuPaul 's Drag Race . Do you think it 's a curse or that the show is built against pageant queens ?
When you say that , I think about it and I 'm like , well , “ How many pageants has RuPaul won ? ” And they have n't , so maybe that 's what it is . Haha ! No , I really do n't think the show is built against pageant queens .
This is how I look at it . For example , Alyssa Edwards , who is a good friend of mine . They were on the show and did n't win the show , but in my eyes they won . We still talk , appreciate and love them There 's this thing that us pageant girls have . We have discipline . There 's work ethic behind it . We work for it .
There are different kinds of queens on RuPaul 's Drag Race : The kind of queen that needs to get on because they wo n't have a career unless she 's on there , and the one that does n't because she 's going to work for it and she 's going to do what they need to do to work . I feel like us pageant girls do what we got ta do . That 's it . Period . And we 're gon na work .
So , clearly you are going to continue doing pageants .
Absolutely ! Laila McQueen and I were talking about this . Pageants only polish you and discipline you for your every day drag life . Am I a pageant girl ? Absolutely . But does it define me ? Nope . It 's a great thing to have under your belt .
Pageants have a reputation for being shady and cut throat . Queens cut up other queens gowns , hide their stuff and do whatever it takes to win . Have you ever had any negative experiences at a pageant ?
I 've been blessed to have a great support system and great people around me . They have n't allowed that to happen to me .
I 've gone to pageants and there 's so many people there with me . There 's so much love and support that negativity has never come through . I 've never had anything stolen from me at a pageant… shows are a different story ! I 've been blessed to be surrounded by a lot of positivity .
I 'm sorry I do n't have a juicy story . I do n't have any stories about glass in my powder , someone coming for my face , haha !
Wow , that 's a crazy idea ! Have you thought about doing that yourself ? Haha !
These are old school stories that I 've heard , and I 'm like , “ Are you kidding me ? ! ” And they 're like , “ Yass gurl , you got ta put the glass in the powder ! ” Oh my god !
What advice do you have for future RuPaul 's Drag Race contestants ?
Be yourself . Do n't let anyone tell you that you 're doing the wrong thing or that your drag is wrong . Drag is an art and art is subjective . It only needs to make sense to the artist , so do you .
Who are you rooting for to win season 8 ?
Bob The Drag Queen . Bob is a dear friend of mine and I love them to death . They have a special place in my heart .
Looking to the future , what are your plans ?
I 'm going to keep working and just be the best me that I can possibly be .
Catch new episode of RuPaul 's Drag Race Season 8 every Monday at 9/8c on Logo and check out the preview for episode two below .
IT 'S not so much a Dutch auction as blind man 's bluff .
The Scottish opposition parties seem all over the place on the question of `` more powers '' if Scotland votes No . Labour are split ; the Tories ca n't make up their minds ; and the LibDems have offered a form of federalism that is arguably more radical than the SNP 's independence-lite . However , while all is confusion in the No camp , I would n't rule out the UK parties feeling their way toward a common position by the end of May .
Why do I say this , when all evidence is to the contrary ? Well , look at the opinion polls . The support for Yes has risen during February . The latest Survation poll in the Daily Record suggested that there need only be a 5 % swing for Yes to prevail . I do n't believe it is as close as this , but there are worried brows in Whitehall . The Unionists threw everything at Fearful February , yet the polls did not move in the right direction .
It may seem surprising that so many Scots still support independence after being told , day after day , in the Scottish press that mortgages will rise , pensions fall apart , food prices rise , the banks will leave , the oil will run out and debt levels will soar as Scotland becomes a basket case thrown out of the European Union . Short of threatening to kill the first born , there 's not much more stick that the UK can apply . So , the ­thinking is now moving to carrot .
The UK political establishment knows where its common interest lies and it can work together when it wants to . We saw this in February when George Osborne made their declaration of monetary exclusion and was supported by their Labour shadow , Ed Balls , and the LibDem Treasury Secretary , Danny Alexander . Are they not equally capable of coming up with a common agreement for more powers ?
Gordon Brown last week put forward a kind of minimal-devo plan that could just possibly achieve common agreement . Their package involved the devolution of a bit more income tax , some other minor measures . This constitutionalism betrayed the influence of Sir Menzies Campbell , who has long been close to Brown . Labour are split over giving the Scottish Parliament full powers over income tax , with MPs fiercely opposed while the Scottish party 's devolution commission has taken the idea seriously . Brown 's plan is an obvious compromise .
The missing link is the Tories , which may explain why Lord Strathclyde , who is in charge of their `` more powers '' commission , was conspicuous by their absence from the Tory conference this weekend . The Tories are deeply divided over devo max , with Lord Lang , the former Scottish Secretary , calling on them to avoid any talk of it until the referendum is good and won . And then presumably to forget all about it afterwards .
That may be overly cynical , but the opposition parties , and in particular the Tories , have a yawning credibility gap to traverse . After all , it was Lord Home who , in February 1979 , called on Scots to vote No to Labour 's proposed Scottish Assembly , because the Tories would bring in something better .
Of course , nothing of the kind happened , despite the resignation of Malcolm Rifkind . The Tory PM , Margaret Thatcher , kicked the issue into the long heather by saying that the various parties `` could not reach a consensus '' on any future devolution . It should be noted that , on Friday , David Cameron did not say that a No vote `` will '' lead to more powers , only that it `` can '' , which somehow escaped the attention of the BBC reporters .
Scots actually voted Yes to that 1979 Assembly , by 52 % to 48 % , but even that did n't persuade the Westminster parties to honour the more powers pledge . Why ? It was assumed that the Scottish question was over and the Scots had bottled it . For the next 20 years the oil flowed in abundance , solving the UK balance of payments crisis and bankrolling a new parasitical financial services economy based on the City of London . Scotland got the industrial clearances and the dole in return . It was the most remarkable act of misguided philanthropy since the native Americans sold ­Manhattan Island to the Dutch for $ 24 . It will take more than solemn pledges for Scots to believe in any new promises to vote No and get something better . They saw what happened to the Liberal Democrats ' pledge to oppose university tuition fees after 2010 . Westminster , not Holyrood , would have to legislate for further devolution , and after a No vote from Scotland , all pressure would be off it . Tory MPs in England would insist that any changes were accompanied by a cut in the Barnett Formula and a reduction in Scottish representation in Westminster . Labour would oppose that as they need those MPs to form a majority in parliament . The LibDems , as usual , would be largely irrelevant .
Westminster would hold a Great Debate on Scotland , but any pre-referendum agreements would likely evaporate in the heat of the argument , and the UK parties would certainly conclude that it is best to wait until the provisions of the Scotland Act 2012 come into force before deciding on further devolution . Implemented from 2016 , this Act devolves 10p in the pound of income tax .
It is just possible that a common commitment to minor tax-raising powers and the guaranteeing of the constitutional status of Holyrood might survive this process . As I say , the LibDems and Labour will probably commit to something along these lines in May , and it is possible the Tories could endorse it . After all , a few pence on income tax and a bill of rights hardly amounts to the break-up of Britain . But even if this made it to the legislative stage it would not amount to devolution max , and might actually be a step backwards .
Oil revenues would not be included , without which the fiscal numbers for Holyrood do n't add up . Welfare would still be a UK responsibility . Business taxes would not be devolved , nuclear weapons would remain in the Clyde , UK immigration controls would still be imposed on Scotland .
Any new tax-raising powers proposed by the Conservatives will almost certainly form part of a plan to reform the Barnett Formula and will serve to cut public spending drastically in Scotland . This is because more is spent here than is raised in direct taxation . Scotland would need business taxes and crucially oil revenues to balance the books . But on this basis the Tories could put their signatures to a three-party pledge to devolve more tax .
This is why the decision that Scots will make in September is such a difficult one . Most are not nationalists and want to salvage something from the UK , which they helped to build . But the old UK is n't on offer , and after a No vote , there is a risk that Scotland will fall off the Westminster map , as it did after 1979 . It 's a tough call .
Fed Leaves Rates Unchanged Amid 'Heightened Uncertainties ' Abroad
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jacquelyn Martin/AP Jacquelyn Martin/AP
Updated at 4:15 p.m . ET
The Federal Reserve decided Thursday to leave interest rates unchanged at historically low levels , even though the U.S. economy has been gaining strength .
Borrowers and lenders all over the world had been closely watching for the announcement that came at the end of a two-day Fed meeting . Many had been thinking the U.S. central bank would pick this date to change course and start nudging up interest rates .
In a statement after their meeting , Fed policymakers said U.S. `` economic activity is expanding at a moderate pace . '' But , they added , `` Recent global economic and financial developments may restrain economic activity somewhat and are likely to put further downward pressure on inflation in the near term . ''
The Fed has not increased rates since June 2006 . In fact , when the Great Recession took hold in 2007 , the Fed began slashing rates to stimulate business and consumer borrowing . The key federal funds rate has been near zero since late 2008 .
Fed Chair Janet Yellen explained the central bank 's decision in a news conference after the meeting . `` The economy has been performing well and we expect it to continue to do so , '' they said . But Yellen cited `` heightened uncertainties abroad , '' including the slowdown in China , as a key factor keeping the Fed from raising rates now .
Major U.S. stock indexes closed mixed . After being up more than 1 percent earlier in the afternoon , the Dow Jones industrial average closed down 0.4 percent and the S & P 500 declined 0.3 percent , but the Nasdaq inched up 0.1 percent .
Having short-term interest rates held near zero for so long has allowed all sorts of interest rates to remain low — from credit cards to car loans to home mortgages .
Many analysts believe the U.S. economy is now operating at normal levels , and that interest rates should be too . They want the Fed to begin a long process of slowly ratcheting rates back up to historic norms .
But the Fed policymakers decided that even though the U.S. economy is strengthening , there 's still a world of trouble out there as China 's economic growth slows . With customers in China now spending less , global demand has been dropping for all sorts of commodities , from iron ore to wheat .
At the same time , huge new supplies of oil have been depressing energy prices for more than a year .
All of that has kept inflation extremely low . In fact , on Wednesday , a new reading of the consumer price index showed that core consumer inflation is running at 1.8 percent this year , well below the historic annual norm of 3.2 percent . The Fed has long said it thinks a healthy rate of inflation would be 2 percent .
The Federal Open Market Committee said in its statement that it `` anticipates '' it will be time to raise rates `` when it has seen some further improvement in the labor market and is reasonably confident that inflation will move back to its 2 percent objective over the medium term . ''
NPR 's Avie Schneider contributed to this report .
If I had been Mayor of Houston in the days leading up to the devastating onslaught of Hurricane Harvey , I would have immediately issued several key orders :
Respond to the Texas Governor 's words and ask for National Guard units to supervise a mandatory evacuation of the entire city . Delegate police , fire department personnel , and some emergency responders to aid the young , the old , and the sickly/crippled to gather belongings and leave flood-prone areas ahead of everyone else . Make it clear that any looters , rioters , and assorted thugs looking to cause chaos during the storm would be subject to the most harsh measures available under the law – imply that shootings by law enforcement in certain situations would be ignored . Set up large gathering areas and buildings as emergency shelters for those who wind up trapped before evacuation became possible – not sure if it 's within jurisdiction , but try to force rat Joel Osteen to open up their megachurch .
But alas , I did not get to lead Houston through this almost-apocalyptic storm , and my heart aches for those trapped thanks to the idiocy of yet another Vibrant in a position of power .
The Daily Beast :
The first mandatory evacuations of the Houston area were ordered early Monday morning , four days after it was first clear Hurricane Harvey would drown America 's fourth-largest city . What is now Tropical Storm Harvey dropped more than two feet of rain on Houston in 24 hours before a brief pause Sunday . The storm is expected to move back into the Gulf of Mexico , recharge , and dump more rain onto Houston by Wednesday . Fifty inches of rain are expected in some areas by the end of the week . Already the storm has killed six people , rendered thousands homeless , and trapped 7 million people , one-quarter of Texas ' population , in a federally designated disaster area . Officials in Harris and Fort Bend counties told some residents Monday morning to leave ahead of imminent flooding . The Brazos River southwest of Houston is expected to swell to 60 feet and overtop levees . There are fears the levees may fail , in a repeat of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina . Meanwhile , people living downstream from reservoirs designed to protect downtown Houston from flooding have been told to prepare for the controlled release of water by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to relieve pressure on dams . When the storm previously known as Hurricane Harvey made landfall Friday , it was the strongest storm to batter the U.S. coast in 13 years and the worst to hit Texas since 1961 . Texas Gov . Greg Abbott told Houston residents that even in the absence of an official evacuation order , “ you need to strongly consider evacuating. ” But there was immediate pushback from Houston officials , who said they knew better . Harris County 's emergency management spokesperson , Francisco Sanchez , responded to Abbott 's suggestion on Twitter this way : “ Local officials know best . Houston has no evacuation order . In Harris County : very limited to select communities . LOCAL LEADERS KNOW BEST . ”
… Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner said on Friday that evacuation was not necessary . “ There are a number of people who are in Hurricane Harvey 's direct path , and evacuation orders have been given to them . But for the Houston area… this is a rainmaker for us . There 's no need for people to be thinking about putting themselves in greater danger . ”
Well , Sylvester , I know it 's hard not being able to count past ten or so , but when they talk about getting 30-50 inches of rain in just a few days , they mean GTFO .
As in , get the hell out of dodge or you 're going to drown .
And I know you ca n't swim , Sylvester .
Harris County Judge Ed Emmett said the safest thing for Houston residents was for them to “ stay where you are and ride out the storm… We do n't anticipate any kind of massive evacuation. ” Now it 's too late to leave the city , with almost every roadway in and out closed . Even Sanchez admitted as much on Twitter : “ I can keep telling you to stay put , but the reality is YOU CA N'T GET ANYWHERE RIGHT NOW . ”
I really feel for some of these people , because they trusted their ethnic leadership in a nice colorblind American way , and were burned so badly that it may prove fatal .
And then will come the looting – it 's actually already started , but they 're just the ones who can get into water without sinking straight away .
Builder of Most Unique Secure Real Estate in the World
Finish the 2300 sf Launch Control Center ( LCC ) into a Survival Habitat
we have one site still available
see below what can be built there
or build your own thing .
Level 1 Open Great Room ( 20 '' below ground ) Spiral Stairwell to Level 2 and two suites Master Bath ( 40 ' below earths surface ) Surface Home and access to LCC and Silo
Atlas-F series missile bases have a LCC ( Launch Control Center ) which has 2300 sf finished space that can consist of a full kitchen , and open living on LCC floor 1 , Floor two can have two master bedroomsuites with luxurious private full baths or any of several other combinations .
The Silotube is 52 ' diameter and 185 ' deep . The seven level skyscaper has numerous possibilities . Each floor can be self contained and luxurious . We have the expertise available to accomplish any type of renovation .
If you want more information or to invest into a project email us at info @ silohome.com ( put SILOHOME in subject ) .
use ' SILOHOME ' in Subject
1-800-932-9091
Build a Luxury Home Missile Base
Real Estate that is the Ultimate Underground Home .
1-800-932-9091 x3144 or E-Mail us
These silos are 20th Century Restored Collectables
Stairwell Entrance to LCC and Silo with Keypad
Hallway 2000lb blast door in open and closed position .
LCC outside stairwell before entrance to LLC
LCC support tower and entertainment center in upper LCC .
Spiral Stairs in Lower LCC .
Effect Lighting in Bathrooms .
Wide angle view of LCC tower and entertainment room .
Marble tiled master bathroom Jacuzzi Shower and vanity .
Master bath Jacuzzi tub . Escape Hatch from Garage to LCC
Spiral Stairs from LCC1 to LCC2
LCC center tower and dining area
LC Kitchen ( your choice of stove , refrigerator and sink )
LC1 Dining area and Kitchen .
Basic Stucture layout ( click for other diagrams )
LAUNCH CONTROL CENTER ( LCC ) ( below ground )
2 Story 3 ' thick epoxy resin formulated concrete reinforced with stainless steel mesh
structure is 40 ' diameter containing 2300 sf luxury home .
High circulation venting ( two 18 '' vent tubes . )
We can install video surveillance exposing 360 degree view of surface .
UTILITIES
4 wells / 200 amp electrical / phone / satellite / 1800 gallon septic
SILO
Climate constant/approx . 58 degree earth ambient temperature .
50 ' Diameter X 185 ' / 9 floor steel superstructures .
Entire steel superstructure hangs from gigantic spring suspension system
designed to absorb shock of a direct nuclear hit .
Unlimited Possibilities ! ! !
Be sure to mention Silohome in Subject ! !
BOSTON -- Should a teacher who ca n't speak fluent English to their students be allowed to stay in the classroom ?
The outcome of Phanna Rem Robishaw 's case against the Lowell School Department and Lowell School Committee holds statewide ramifications for the state 's educational system .
Today , the state Supreme Judicial Court was scheduled to hear arguments from Robishaw , a former Lowell teacher who was fired for failing an English-fluency test , after a lower-court judge upheld the firing , saying the teacher 's English proficiency was `` utterly incomprehensible . ''
In 2002 , Massachusetts ' voters passed Question 2 , requiring all school superintendents to attest to the English fluency and literacy of their teachers where `` the teacher 's fluency is not apparent through classroom observation and assessment or interview assessment . ''
Robishaw was given an Oral Proficiency Interview test to evaluate their English fluency .
The test has been criticized for lacking a definition of what is `` proficient '' or `` fluent '' in English . Also , it was pointed out that non-native-speaking teachers had to demonstrate fluency in English , while `` native speaking '' teachers were assumed to be fluent in English .
Robishaw , a native of Cambodia who is now a U.S. citizen living in Lowell , sued the city , claiming a $ 1.3 million breach of contract after they were fired as a classroom instructor at the Greenhalge Elementary School in June 2003 . They had worked for the city 's schools for 11 years and had tenure .
An arbitrator sided with Robishaw , saying there was `` no just cause '' to fire her , and awarded them 18 months of back pay and benefits .
Advertisement
But on appeal , Middlesex Superior Court Judge Dennis Curran in 2008 overturned the arbitrator 's decision . Curran relied on a tape of the teacher 's Oral Proficiency Interview test in making the reversal .
Curran wrote that they listened to Robishaw 's test tape and `` found it to be utterly incomprehensible . ''
Transcripts of the superintendent 's hearing and the arbitrator 's hearing show Robishaw had `` great difficulty both in expressing themselves and understanding the examiner 's questions , '' the judge wrote .
`` Clearly , if an adult has difficulty in ascertaining what Robishaw is saying , a young child would face even greater difficulty , '' Curran added .
Their ruling continued , `` To sacrifice schoolchildren at the altar of political correctness is an act I decline to endorse . ''
Attorney James Hall , who represents the Lowell School Committee , wrote in court briefs that it is `` readily apparent to any layperson that Ms. Robishaw is not proficient enough in English to teach in a mainstream classroom . ''
Robishaw 's attorney , Srinivas Ramineni , wrote in court documents that Curran was wrong because absent fraud , courts may not vacate a 2006 arbitrator 's award even if there was an error of law or facts . They accused Curran of `` trampling '' on Robishaw 's right to due process and accused the judge of not being qualified to assess fluency .
Ramineni said the arbitrator excluded the unauthenticated test tape from their original ruling , so it should not be introduced at this stage of the litigation .
Robishaw was teaching elementary school in Cambodia when their village was taken over by the Khmer Rouge . After marrying , they immigrated to the U.S. and in 1992 , they earned a bachelor 's degree from Westfield State College .
By 2002 , Robishaw had taught for 17 years in Massachusetts and accrued 54 masters degree credits for accreditation in different fields of teaching . That same year , Robishaw began teaching at the Greenhalge School . After several years as a transitional bilingual teacher , they were assigned as a classroom teacher .
Throughout their career , Robishaw had received satisfactory evaluations until 2002 , when fluency testing began . Robishaw , along with three other Cambodian teachers , received unsatisfactory English evaluations . In a 2003 lawsuit , Robishaw claimed the unsatisfactory evaluations were done with the purpose of getting rid of all the Cambodian teachers .
Ramineni described the evaluations as `` scathing and derogatory . ''
THURSDAY : Marmol has cleared outright waivers and accepted an assignment to Triple-A , according to Ken Gurnick of MLB.com ( on Twitter ) .
WEDNESDAY , 11:54am : Gammons tweets that Marmol has already been placed on outright waivers . Jon Heyman of CBS Sports tweets that the outright move is procedural . Marmol has agreed to go to the minor leagues and try to work out their struggles there .
10:35am : The Dodgers have designated Carlos Marmol for assignment , according to Peter Gammons of the MLB Network ( on Twitter ) . Gammons report that the Dodgers were only interested in the international bonus slot they acquired in the deal , not in retaining Marmol as a member of their bullpen .
The Dodgers made what appeared to be a puzzling trade yesterday , dealing the recently DFA'ed Matt Guerrier to the Cubs in exchange for Marmol and an international bonus slot worth an additional $ 209,700 . The Dodgers spent about $ 500K of actual money to acquire just under $ 210K of pool money , which makes sense , as international spending dollars carry more value than standard dollars due to bonus pool limitations .
In the end Marmol was property of the Dodgers for less than 24 hours . The 30-year-old , who posted a 5.86 ERA with 10.4 K/9 , 6.8 BB/9 and 2.0 HR/9 in 27 2/3 innings this season , drew interest from multiple teams , so perhaps yet another club will inquire on their services .
A young man and a teenager are being hailed as heroes after they rescued a police officer and a pickup truck driver from a fiery crash in South Philadelphia.The crash happened on Saturday evening at 28th and Tasker . Police say the officer was on their way to an emergency - with the cruiser 's lights and sirens active.Police say the officer approached the intersection `` with caution '' but was hit by the Toyota Tacoma pickup as it made a left turn.17-year-old Joseph Chambers , who is a volunteer firefighter in Ridley Park , Delaware County , was visiting their sister near the scene of the crash when they heard a loud bang.Chambers ran outside and saw that a patrol car and pickup had collided and the patrol car was on fire.He ran up to Officer Mark Kimsey , 30 , who was trapped in the car . `` And I said 'Can you get out ? ' and they said ' I ca n't feel my legs . ' The door was jammed shut and I said ' I ca n't get you out through the door , I 'm going to get you out through the window , ' '' Chambers said.That 's when 24-year-old Dante Johnson arrived to help Chambers pulled the officer out of the burning police car . `` If we had n't gotten them out in time - they would have been hurt bad , '' Johnson said . `` He was in a tremendous amount of shock , '' Chambers recalled . `` He was in and out of consciousness . `` Witness Terrence Lemon recorded the scene on cell phone video . `` As I 'm recording the cop car , a flame comes out of the hood of the car . A couple seconds later , the car literally burst into flames , '' Lemon said.The rescuers also pulled the unconscious 52-year-old pickup truck driver out of their vehicle . `` I kept their neck stable while me and two other guys pulled them out and laid them down . I checked their pulse . They were breathing . They were out of it , but they were alive , '' Chambers said.Chambers later visited Kimsey in the hospital . `` He was there with their buddies and they all said 'thank you , ' '' Chamber said . `` I went in and talked to them for a little bit . They were glad I was there to help them out and I 'm glad I was there , '' Chambers said.Both drivers are expected to be okay.Chambers and Johnson said while some may call them heroes , they said they were only doing what anyone else would do. -- -- - ( UPDATE : Police earlier believed the driver had fled and a passenger of the truck was in the hospital . Investigators now say it was the driver who was taken to the hospital and there was no passenger . )
Malcolm Turnbull defends use of non-government email service
Updated
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has defended their use of a non-government email service since taking the nation 's top job .
Well known for their love of technology , the former communications minister said earlier this year they used secret messaging app Wickr because it provided superior security .
Wickr claims it allows users to send encrypted messages to other users of the app , leaving no traceable metadata , with the messages self-destructing after being read .
Mr Turnbull 's use of services outside of Federal Parliament 's secure servers has continued since they moved into the Prime Minister 's office , but a spokesperson stressed the server is located in Australia .
`` To suggest that every government , every piece of government or communication by a politician that relates to their or their office can only be transmitted on a government email account or to a government email account would mean you could never write a letter to your constituent , you could never use SMS , '' Mr Turnbull said .
`` Classified information ca n't be transmitted to , or transmitted from , anything other than a government system that is certified as appropriate for it .
`` The answer is I ca n't do it , and I would n't do it , and I protect classified information very carefully . ''
Mr Turnbull said many MPs use similar services .
`` Firstly , you should n't assume that government email services are more secure than private ones ... but nonetheless we do have rules relating to them , '' they said .
`` Secondly , I can tell you that text messaging , which is widely used , is the least form of communication — it 's unencrypted in transit and unencrypted at rest .
`` Over-the-top applications [ such as Wickr ] ... there are a number of over-the-top applications that offer a much higher degree of security . ''
Shorten calls for Turnbull to explain actions
Mr Turnbull 's use of non-government email services come as US Democratic Party presidential candidate Hillary Clinton continues to defend their use of a private email account and home server in lieu of the official government email system while they were secretary of state from 2009 to 2013 .
They denied using a private email account to send or receive classified information during their time as the nation 's top diplomat .
In September , Mrs Clinton apologised .
`` That was a mistake . I 'm sorry about that . I take responsibility , '' they said in an interview .
`` As I look back at it now , even though it was allowed , I should have used two accounts , one for personal emails , one for work-related emails . ''
Earlier , Opposition Leader Bill Shorten said Mr Turnbull needed to explain their actions .
`` Malcolm Turnbull should just come and explain what 's been used , has there been any classified information sent , '' they said .
`` It 's important for the Prime Minister to realise he 's that same as everyone else , the same rules apply to all of us .
`` The real issue here is you do n't send classified material on your personal emails .
`` Malcolm Turnbull 's now in charge of the nation , there are rules for this , they can clear this up just tell us what 's happened when and put the facts on the table . ''
Turnbull should have expected criticism : expert
Australian National University cyber-security expert Tom Worthington said Mr Turnbull should have foreseen they would be criticised for the use of a non-government server .
`` It 's something perhaps the Prime Minister 's office should have anticipated and perhaps explained that the Prime Minister 's using certain services , '' Mr Worthington said .
`` It 's a bit different , my understanding is Hillary Clinton was using , in effect , their own private email server and the intention there was effectively to circumvent the system .
`` If you 're using a commercial email service that 's being carried through the telecommunications network , it will be covered by all of the same rules that apply to a Government-based service . ''
Mr Worthington said it was an example of a Prime Minister 's office adjusting to new technology .
`` This is how we should be running the Government today , '' Mr Worthington said .
`` Barack Obama famously uses their device for doing this . I would hope that other ministers and members of parliament follow this example , but that they just check to make sure they 're using the secure facilities that are appropriate for what they 're doing . ''
Topics : government-and-politics , federal-government , turnbull-malcolm , information-and-communication , mobile-phones , australia
First posted
U.S. Rep. John Shimkus ( R-Ill. ) at a hearing in 2013 . ( Photo : Jason Reed/Reuters )
During a debate over the Republicans ' replacement for former President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act , a GOP member of congress questioned why men should have to pay for prenatal care .
In a Committee on Energy and Commerce meeting to mark up the newly introduced American Health Care Act , Rep. Mike Doyle , D-Penn. , lamented Republicans ' previous refusal to consider improvements to the existing health care law , which was passed in 2010 .
After a committee member complained about the mandates included in the ACA , Doyle named elements of the ACA that are also included in its replacement as proof of the original 's merits .
“ What mandate in the Obamacare bill do they take issue with ? ” Doyle said . “ Certainly not with preexisting conditions , or caps on benefits , or letting your child stay on the policy to 26 , so I 'm curious what is it we 're mandating . ”
Requesting Doyle yield the floor , Rep. John Shimkus , R-Ill. , chimed in with a criticism of the Affordable Care Act 's requirement that insurance plans include maternity coverage .
“ What about men having to purchase prenatal care ? ” Shimkus asked . “ I 'm just … is that not correct ? And should they ? ”
“ There 's no such thing as à la carte insurance , John , ” Doyle shot back , amid murmurs in the room .
A spokesperson for Shimkus did not return a request for comment .
The comments were quickly picked up and criticized by reproductive health advocacy organizations , including NARAL Pro-Choice America , which works to elect politicians who support abortion rights and affordable birth control .
Both Shimkus and their press secretary tangled with Planned Parenthood over the comments .
Planned Parenthood aborted 323,999 babies in 2014 . Taxpayer $ $ should not be used to support that . # twill https : //t.co/UlXVtJdd89 — John Shimkus ( @ RepShimkus ) March 9 , 2017
Lawmaker who does n't understand that taxpayer money does n't pay for abortion care also mad insurance covers prenatal care . Oh , @ RepShimkus . https : //t.co/bLFYtj3F5i — Planned Parenthood ( @ PPact ) March 9 , 2017
When the nation 's largest abortion chain goes after your boss , you know you 're doing something right . # ProLife https : //t.co/CHL3rmWjKx — Jordan Haverly ( @ jhaverly ) March 9 , 2017
If Google is to blame for piracy sites appearing in its search results , it must also be held to account over the bizarre piracy 'news ' articles dominating its news section . Today we 're demanding that Google demotes 'rogue ' news outlets from dominating the search results , or we 're off to the U.S. government to cry like babies .
The music and movie industries love to poke the finger at Google and blame the technology giant for a world of woes , not least the appearance of ‘ rogue ' sites in its search results .
Well , you know what ? They 're not the only ones that can play that game .
Here at TF we do our very best to bring the latest file-sharing news to our readers and always try to bring something fresh to our reports , whether we 're the initial source or not . However , there are other sites who do n't appear to care much about the topics they cover , only the number of clicks they can generate .
I 'm talking about headlines like this from the file-sharing experts at Christian Today .
“ [ W ] ith reports saying that Microsoft 's new platform has more stringent security measures against torrents , fans are wondering if TPB and other sites will make it to Windows 10-enabled devices , ” the site warns .
The article quotes fellow torrent-nonsense-farmers ‘ Venture Capital Post ‘ as the source , claiming that people upgrading to Windows 10 “ will not have access to torrent sites , as Microsoft will reportedly actively block The Pirate Bay , Kickass Torrents and other file-sharing websites . ”
These twisted accounts are based on erroneous claims about Windows 10 that date back to August and have been well and truly debunked . Still , both sites reported them only this week , with more misinformation and scaremongering thrown in for good measure .
Of further concern is how VCPost then links to International Business Times as the source of the story , a site known for its ‘ advanced ' SEO techniques and its 2013 banning from Reddit .
Only adding to the hall of mirrors , IBTimes cites Christian Post as its ‘ source ' with its totally baseless and speculative article titled “ The Pirate Bay Update : After The Takedown Of YIFY , Is The Pirate Bay Next ? ”
That in turns links to a site called ‘ Yibada ' with its article “ The Pirate Bay ( TPB ) Last Man Standing After YTS/YIFY Shutdown : TPB Next In Line ? ” and home to other gems including ( deep breath ) “ After Taking Down The Pirate Bay , Will MPAA Go Easy On TPB Like It Did With YTS/YIFY ? Megaupload 's Kim Dotcom Cries Double Standard . ”
Then , shock/horror , Yibada directs back to International Business Times as the source – are we noticing a pattern here ? Yeah ? Well , the end result when searching for Pirate Bay in Google search often looks something like this .
This sorry state of affairs is entirely the fault of Google . Instead of monitoring and reading every single story in its indexes and carrying out quality control of every opinion and claim linked therein , the search giant is blatantly sending unwitting visitors to uninformed sites which misleads the public and starves creators .
So , just like elements of the entertainment industry , we 're demanding a totally self-serving modification of Google 's algorithm to push this nonsense way down the results . We 're not going to accept no for an answer either . If Google can do it for child porn , malware , and wait – Hollywood and the RIAA , they can do it for us too , surely ?
Oh , and apparently there are hundreds of other companies waiting in the wings with similar plights and demands . Each is keen to feature more prominently in Google 's results and each is prepared to endlessly wail over why its case deserves special attention and how Google must be to blame .
Sadly , and as the pettiness over the mind-bending Google-gaming articles listed above highlights , no one really gives a damn and it 's no wonder that Google does n't either . Now excuse me while I cozy up to a few politicians and go crying like a baby to the US government . Need to get in early , there 's going to be massive queue if Google becomes compliant .
Back last year , while rooting through the IGF entries , I found Parallax – a game that made my brain all hurty . In a good way . It describes itself as “ a first-person puzzle platformer with overlapping spatial dimensions. ” I describe myself as “ a bit scared by how complicated this looks . ”
“ Weave back and forth between black and white , ” they say , “ as you try to be in the right place , in the right dimension , at the right time. ” I 'm incredibly poor at being in the right place at the right time with this one dimension . Just look at it !
It looks a bit brilliant , right ? And so damned pretty . It 's currently in the cockfight for Steam Greenlight attention , when of course Valve should just be doing their job and asking for it to be on Steam themselves .
ASIC chairperson Greg Medcraft has fired the first salvo in the BBSW case . Credit : Christopher Pearce According to ASIC 's findings , IOOF fell well short of this . Despite this , no fines , no sanctions , no banning orders , no enforceable undertaking or licence conditions have been imposed on IOOF . ASIC says it has `` reached an agreement '' that IOOF will appoint an external compliance consultant to `` conduct an expanded , broader and more comprehensive review of compliance arrangements within all IOOF business units '' . Instead of conducting the broader investigation into IOOF itself , it has opted to outsource it to an `` independent expert '' paid for by IOOF , with IOOF setting the terms of reference – with ASIC 's oversight .
Illustration : Cathy Wilcox When it comes to the allegation of insider trading , specifically a research analyst trading in shares before the release of IOOF research reports that related to those securities , ASIC said the reports had no material effect on the share price and `` there was no other evidence to warrant the commencement of a formal investigation '' . Insider trading , including front running , does n't always move the share price . Front running is also illegal . It can occur when stock is bought knowing a research report is coming out that could benefit the buyer of the stock . What was allowed to go on at IOOF was highly inappropriate . The last paragraph of the softly worded press release gave an insight into how the investigation was run : `` ASIC will continue to monitor and work cooperatively with IOOF and the board to make sure the necessary changes are properly effected . '' The investigation took 12 months and during that time the regulator spent less than one hour with the IOOF whistleblower who handed over 52,000 documents and repeatedly offered to help in any way they could . Perhaps if the investigators spent more time to talking to him , or requesting a mud map to navigate the documents , it would n't be sending such a conciliatory message to the market that it is n't a tough cop on the beat .
The industry just keeps laughing at ASIC because they do n't know how it all works . Industry Insider It prompted one well-regarded industry insider to say : `` The industry just keeps laughing at ASIC because they do n't know how it all works and they send out people to investigate that tick boxes . It 's like sending a child to compete in the Hunger Games . How many more jobs will they throw at these so-called independent external experts ? '' During ASIC 's investigation , IOOF hired PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) to conduct an independent review of its regulatory breach reporting policy and procedures and the control environment within its research team . ASIC said as a result , IOOF has made `` significant '' changes to their policies and procedures . But these so-called expert reports are only as good as the terms of reference . Their terms of reference are rarely made public by their paying clients . If access to computers , documents and staff is off limits , the independent expert will agree . If interviews are off the table , that 's fine too . It means the results can be stacked in favour of the client .
This was very evident in a report commissioned by IOOF and released to a Senate inquiry last year . The report , written by PwC to investigate a series of allegations by the whistleblower , was full of qualifications and disclaimers and had narrow terms of reference that excluded key issues . For instance , PwC was n't allowed to interview or request information from staff in the research department . IOOF did n't give PwC access to information from the client order book or the computer , hard drive , work emails or other trading facilities of the senior executive accused of improper conduct including front running. < ! -- [ if ! supportLineBreakNewLine ] -- > < ! -- [ endif ] -- > Not surprisingly , the report opened with a disclaimer : 'We do not assume any responsibility and make no representations with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any information provided by you and on your behalf . '' The report was used by the company to sack the whistleblower for making `` vexatious '' claims . Their termination letter referred to the findings of the report , saying that their allegations had no merit . It was only later , when the report was released to the Senate , that even with the many limitations placed on the terms of reference , PwC found evidence of multiple trading breaches . It also identified a `` potential '' for the IOOF senior executive to have front run during their role as an asset manager for Questor from late 2008 to early 2009 .
IOOF has commissioned other reports , which ASIC appears to approve of . But for the public 's part , there is no transparency . ASIC has spent a lot of time talking tough about culture and the need to protect whistleblowers . Yet the role of the whistleblower in IOOF did n't rate a mention in its statement . Nor did it explain the culture at IOOF or what it has done to fix it . The IOOF scandal , a string of financial planning scandals at CBA , NAB and Macquarie , allegations of bank bill swap rate rigging , the CommInsure life insurance scandal and others are the reason why most sides of politics believe a royal commission is the only solution to rebuilding trust in the financial services sector . The Coalition stopped short of a royal commission on the basis we have a tough cop on the beat with all the powers of a royal commission . ASIC needs to show it has what it takes to instil fear and respect among corporate Australia . In 2014 a Senate inquiry into the performance of ASIC released a scathing report that found it was too trusting of the big end of town , too slow to act and lacks transparency . `` The credibility of the regulator is important for encouraging a culture of compliance , '' it said .
`` That ASIC is consistently described as being slow to act or as a watchdog with no teeth is troubling . '' ASIC said it had learned from the criticism . Its press release on IOOF certainly downplayed the issues . Let 's hope this is n't a sign of ASIC slipping back into what it was criticised for two years ago .
PLA and ABS are the most popular materials on 3D Hubs . This comparison will help you select the best option for your project .
Introduction
PLA and ABS are the 2 most common FDM desktop printing materials . Both are thermoplastics , meaning they enter a soft and moldable state when heated and then return to a solid when cooled . Via the FDM process , both are melted and then extruded through a nozzle to build up the layers that create a final part .
This article will discuss the main differences between these two commonly used materials . To learn more about the FDM process itself , click here to read a full-article .
The table below compares the main properties of PLA vs. ABS :
Properties * ABS PLA Tensile Strength * * 27 MPa 37 MPa Elongation 3.5 - 50 % 6 % Flexural Modulus 2.1 - 7.6 GPa 4 GPa Density 1.0 - 1.4 g/cm3 1.3 g/cm3 Melting Point N/A ( amorphous ) 173 ℃ Biodegradable No Yes , under the correct conditions Glass Transition Temperature 105 ℃ 60 ℃ Spool Price * * * ( 1kg , 1.75mm , black ) $ USD 21.99 $ USD 22.99 Common Products LEGO , electronic housings Cups , plastic bags , cutlery * Sourced from MakeItFrom * * Sourced from Optimatter for a test specimen with 100 % infill , 0.2mm layer height printed in a linear pattern * * * Sourced from Amazon ABS & PLA
What are ABS and PLA ?
ABS ( Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene ) is a common thermoplastic well known in the injection molding industry . It is used for applications such as LEGO , electronic housings and automotive bumper parts .
PLA ( Polylactic Acid ) is a biodegradable ( under the correct conditions ) thermoplastic derived from renewable resources such as corn starch or sugarcane . It is one of the most popular bioplastics , used for many applications ranging from plastic cups to medical implants .
Part accuracy
Generally the tolerances and accuracy of FDM printed components are largely dependent upon printer calibration and model complexity . However , ABS and PLA can be used to create dimensionally accurate parts , printing details down to 0.8 mm and minimum features down to 1.2 mm . For connecting or interlocking parts , a tolerance of 0.5 mm is recommended and using a minimum wall thickness of 1-2 mm will ensure adequate strength in wall elements .
Due to its lower printing temperature , PLA , when properly cooled , is less likely to warp ( making it easier to print with ) and can print sharper corners and features compared to ABS .
Strength
With similar tensile strengths , ABS and PLA are both adequate for many prototyping applications . ABS is often preferred due to its improved ductility over PLA . With a higher flexural strength and better elongation before breaking , 3D printed ABS can be employed for end use applications whereas PLA remains popular for rapid prototyping when form is more critical than function .
Impact test of PLA vs. ABS
Surface finish and post processing
The nature of printing with FDM means that for both ABS and PLA , the print layers will be visible after printing . ABS typically prints in a matte finish while PLA is semi-transparent , often resulting in a glossier finish .
Acetone is often used in post processing to smooth ABS , also giving the part a glossy finish . ABS can be easily sanded and is often machined ( for example , drilled ) after printing . PLA can also be sanded and machined , however greater care is required .
A guide to post-processing FDM parts can be found here .
If the aesthetics of a part are critical , then printing using SLA or Material Jetting is recommended .
A 100 micron ABS print with Acetone treatment ( Left ) , a 100 micron ABS print ( middle ) and a 200 micron ABS print ( right ) .
Heat resistance
For high temperature applications , ABS ( glass transition temperature of 105°C ) is more suitable than PLA ( glass transition temperature of 60°C ) . PLA can rapidly lose its structural integrity and can begin to droop and deform , particularly if under load , as it approaches 60°C .
Biodegradability
PLA is stable in general atmospheric conditions and will biodegrade within 50 days in industrial composters and 48 months in water . ABS is not biodegradable , however it is recyclable . PLA is regularly used for the production of food related items , however confirmation by the filament manufacturer that it is safe to do so is recommended .
PLA food industry prototypes
Rules of thumb
`` I met Odell a few years ago and started to form a friendship , '' Marshall said in a group interview . `` We have a great rapport already , so me coming here is pretty organic and natural . He 's awesome . I love him . I 've been on both ends of the spectrum , I 've bene a problem and I 've also been a solution . I have a wealth of experience . We got to remember that Odell is what , 23 or 24 years old , and we all have our own journey . He 's the ultimate competitor . I want them to stay exactly where they are at . Sometimes it 's easy for us as wide receivers and football players to cross that line . But he 'll grow . Next year , he 's not going to be perfect . And the year after that , he 's not going to be perfect . Shoot , I 'm 33 . Every year I get better and better . I 'm never perfect . I just want them to stay on track that he 's one and continue to mature . ''
The Jets have signed linebacker Spencer Paysinger , according to a team announcement . Paysinger will help fill in for the recently released David Harris .
[ RELATED : Jay Cutler , Jets Could n't Line Up Visit ]
Paysinger , 29 later this month , has spent their entire career to date with Jets rivals . They entered the league as an undrafted free agent with the Giants in 2011 . In 2015 , they joined up with the Dolphins and has spent the last two seasons in Miami . Last year , Paysinger made 15 appearances ( three starts ) for Miami , tallying 52 tackles , three passes defensed , and two fumble recoveries .
The advanced metrics at Pro Football Focus rated Paysinger as the 51st best linebacker in the league last year out of 87 qualified players . Their 68.4 overall score was n't earth-shattering , but it was better than that of the recently re-acquired Demario Davis ( 58.4 ) and 2016 first-round pick Darron Lee ( 38.3 ) .
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images .
OMG .... some parents need the holy shit knocked out of them . I 'm still trying to make sense of what I saw last night .
The fuel pump in my car died , and was in the shop getting fixed . Hubby came by work to pick me up , and then dropped our daughter off at work .
On our way home today , we stopped at gas station located at the corner of a busy intersection . They went in to prepay for some gas , I was going through my purse looking for something or other . Something out of the corner of my eye caught my attention , and when I looked up , I was shocked .
This young looking woman ( about 25ish ) , with a kid of oh , maybe 18 months-ish was sitting on the picnic table outside the front entrance of the gas station . They were yapping away on their cell phone , totally zoned out . The kid was in the stroller , began squirming as some kids do and they picked them up and sat them down . They began to toddle about , and within seconds , they were toddling out into the street .
This was 4:30pm , and the streets were packed with rush hour traffic . Did I mention this intersection was one of the busiest in town ? Couple cars nearly missed him . By the time I flew out of the passanger side of our car , raced into the middle of the street where the kid had toddled to , ( and tripped , I might add ) I was ready to kill that bitch .
I picked up the boy and I said to them gently “ Oh honey , we do n't pay in the street . Lets go back to mommy. ” By this time , mom , who now had just gotten off their cell phone , began to freak out . They saw me with their kid in the middle of the street and began accusing me ( loudly ) that I was taking their kid . They were screaming that they were going to call the police .
I told them to go right ahead before I begin to beat the shit out of them and that they had about 3 seconds to dial 911 before they were going to need the police to get my ass off of them They looked at me like they were all high and mighty .
I gave the kid back to her , yanked their cell phone out of their hand , threw it on the ground as hard as I could and began to stop on it , smashing it further to pieces .
My husband said “ I suggest you learn how to fuck pay attention to where your fucking kid is before you get another cell phone . And if you want to call the police and charge my wife with “ kidnapping ” there are 3 clerks inside that store who saw you let your kid walk into the middle of the street . ”
They ushered me back into the car before I really lost it , and it took me a couple hours to calm down .
Both of my children are adopted . If every person in the US had to go through all the crap and parenting classes and legal shit they and I had to go through to be allowed to adopt one , let alone two kids , there 'd be a lot less stupid and clueless parents out there .
-- Hiedi
For additional species called `` dogfish '' , see Dogfish ( disambiguation )
Catsharks are ground sharks of the family Scyliorhinidae . They are one of the largest families of sharks with around 160 species placed in 17 genera . [ 2 ] Although they are generally known as catsharks , many species are commonly called dogfish or gato . [ citation needed ] Like most bottom feeders , they feed on benthic invertebrates and smaller fish . Catsharks are not harmful to humans .
Genera [ edit ]
Small-spotted catshark
The family includes 17 genera and over 150 species , [ 1 ] making it the largest family of sharks . [ 3 ]
Cladogram [ edit ]
Scyliorhinidae Scyliorhininae Galeinae Pentanchini Galeini Galeina Halelaelurina Atelomycterininae Schroedericthyinae
Anatomy and appearance [ edit ]
Catsharks may be distinguished by their elongated , cat-like eyes and two small dorsal fins set far back . Most species are fairly small , growing no longer than 80 cm ( 31 in ) ; a few , such as the nursehound ( Scyliorhinus stellaris ) can reach 1.6 m ( 5.2 ft ) in length . Most of the species have a patterned appearance , ranging from stripes to patches to spots .
Characteristics of genus Apristurus are mostly dark bodies , having a long anal fin that ends in front of where the lower caudal fin begins . The snouts of the members of Apristurus are flat . They also present upper and lower labial furrows .
The sonic hedgehog dentition expression is first found as a bilateral symmetrical pattern and is found in certain areas of the embryonic jaw . [ 4 ] Sonic hedgehog is involved in the growth and patterning of different organs . [ 5 ] Every 18–38 days the teeth are replaced as is a common characteristic of the developmental process of sharks .
The `` swell sharks '' of the genus Cephaloscyllium have the curious ability to fill their stomachs with water or air when threatened , increasing their girth by a factor of one to three .
Some catsharks , such as the chain catshark are biofluorescent . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Distribution [ edit ]
Catsharks are found around seabeds in temperate and tropical seas worldwide , ranging from very shallow intertidal waters to depths of 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) or more , such as the members of genus Apristurus [ 9 ] The Red spotted catshark lives in the shallower rocky waters ranging from Peru to Chile and migrate to deeper waters during the winter months . [ 10 ] They are usually restricted to small ranges . Juvenile and adult chain dogfish live on the soft or rocky bottom of the Atlantic from Massachusetts to Nicaragua . Adults tend to live on the soft sandy bottoms possibly due to their need of egg deposition sites . [ 11 ]
Behavior [ edit ]
Some catsharks do not undergo long distance migrations because they are poor swimmers . Due to being nocturnal , some species sleep close together in crevices throughout the day and then go hunting at night . [ 2 ] Some species such as the small spotted catshark , Scyliorhinus canicula , are sexually monomorphic and exhibit habitat segregation , where males and females live in separate areas ; males tend to live in open seabeds , while females tend to live in caves . [ 12 ] Some species of catsharks may deposit egg cases in structured habitats , which may also act as nurseries for the newly hatched sharks . [ 11 ]
Reproduction [ edit ]
Catshark egg ( mermaids ' purse )
Many species of catshark , like the chain dogfish , are oviparous and lay eggs in tough egg cases with curly tendrils at each end , known as `` mermaid 's purses '' , for protection , onto the seabed . [ 13 ] It takes almost a year for a catshark to hatch from the egg . Instead of laying the eggs and letting them sit for a year , some species of catshark hold onto the egg until a few months before the shark hatches . Some catsharks exhibit ovoviviparity , aplacental viviparous , by holding onto the embryos until they are completely developed and then give live birth . [ 2 ] Some species of catsharks mate by biting and holding the female 's pectoral fins and wrestle them into a mating position .
Aquaria [ edit ]
The Australian marbled catshark , Atelomycterus macleayi , is a favored type for home aquaria , because it rarely grows to more than 60 cm ( 24 in ) in length . [ citation needed ] The coral catshark , however , is the most common scyliorhinid in home aquaria . [ 3 ]
Reid 's rules , if passed , would usher in a new tyranny of the majority .
As members of Congress fight with the president and each other over the budget impasse , another battle looms . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has said they may try — on the very first day of the new Congress — to change the Senate 's rules regarding the filibuster .
Reid wants to severely limit the minority 's ability to filibuster , and their plan for doing so would itself violate the Senate 's rules on rule changes . If successful , they would destroy a critical element of legislative procedure , one designed to prevent the “ tyranny of the majority ” that the Founders feared above all else .
Advertisement
Advertisement
# ad # The Senate 's long tradition of extended debate and an open amendment process is enshrined in Senate Rule 22 . It comports with the Founders ' intent that the Senate be a more deliberative body than the inherently raucous House of Representatives . Thomas Jefferson and James Madison saw the Senate as the “ great anchor ” of the government that would calm the passions of the House . Similarly , George Washington told Jefferson that the Senate was intended to “ cool ” House legislation in the same way that a saucer was used to cool hot tea .
Rule 22 guarantees every senator , no matter how small the state they or they may represent , the ability to debate the crucial issues raised in legislative proposals . The ability to discuss and to amend bills provides the process needed to reach consensus and eventually pass legislation that both parties support . Such bipartisan support is also crucial to ending public debate on an issue . If members lose these abilities , the majority party will have the unchecked capability to shut off debate and pass legislation without opposition ; undoubtedly , this would increase the partisan divide that already exists in Washington and would undermine the soundness of laws that emerge from Congress .
A great example of the importance of extended debate and the open amendment process is the Panama Canal Treaty of 1977 . Opposition was strong . The debate lasted ten weeks ; during this span , many amendments were proposed and voted on . Ultimately , the ability to fully air concerns and to offer amendments overcame the opposition , and the amended treaty was passed . Today , some still think the pact was not in the best national-security interests of the U.S. , but it ceased to be a matter of public concern because it had garnered bipartisan acceptance . But that acceptance arose only after members of the opposition were able to debate and amend extensively . Harry Reid 's plan might destroy that ability .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Liberals are frustrated that the Senate has passed so little legislation . But little has passed because the minority is even more frustrated by the current majority 's reliance on a tactic known as “ filling the tree ” to virtually shut down the ability of minority members to amend legislation .
Senate rules limit the number of amendments that legislators can offer . Because the majority leader is recognized on the floor before anyone else , Senator Reid has abused that rule on numerous occasions by immediately proposing the maximum number of nonsubstantive amendments , leaving no room for amendments from the opposition . They then files a cloture motion to end debate before debate has started — even when no member of the minority party intends to filibuster the legislation . They use these cloture motions to create the imaginary storyline ( often repeated uncritically by many in the media ) that Republicans are “ filibustering ” all of their legislation .
Advertisement
Prior majority leaders , Republican and Democratic alike , ” filled the tree ” very sparingly . Senator Reid has used this amendment-blocking maneuver more times than the previous seven majority leaders combined . The filibuster is one of the few ways for minority members to protest this unscrupulous behavior . The only way to end debate in the Senate , according to Rule 22 , is by way of a three-fifths vote .
Senator Reid wants to change that rule , and he 's willing to break another rule to do it . They have announced that on the first day of the new session , they will propose a change in filibuster rules and that it will take only a simple majority of 51 votes to shut down debate on the proposal .
Advertisement
Advertisement
That procedure would flout Senate Rule 5 , which states that Senate rules continue from one Congress to the next . ( Unlike the House , whose members run for election every two years , the Senate has always considered itself a continuing body , because only a third of its members are up for election at any one time . )
Reid has not released details of how they would limit the filibuster . They might eliminate entirely the ability to filibuster a motion to proceed ( the motion that starts a bill 's consideration on the floor ) . Another possibility would be to require that filibusters be actual “ talking ” filibusters , which would make them much harder to sustain .
Under longstanding Senate rules , it takes a two-thirds vote to shut down debate on rule changes , whether it is on the first day of the Senate session or any day thereafter . Yet Senator Reid now claims they can ignore their body 's parliamentary history , traditions , and specific rules . That is not what they said on April 21 , 2005 , when they argued , “ For people to suggest that you can break the rules to change the rules is un-American. ” Of course , then , it was a Republican majority toying with the idea of limiting the ability of Minority Leader Reid to filibuster .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If Senator Reid proceeds with this “ un-American ” maneuver , it will show contempt for compromise and for a system of parliamentary rules that has served the nation well over much of its history . It will show that they believe might make right and that the majority should trample over the minority whenever it has the power to do so . It will lead to more partisanship in the Senate and an even more divided country — all at a time when our nation desperately needs to come together to address its daunting fiscal problems .
— Hans A. von Spakovsky is a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation .
ED HENRY , FOX NEWS : The last thing is , we 're just two and a half weeks after the Navy Yard shooting , and they used the analogy today about putting a gun to someone 's head in negotiations , putting a gun to the American people 's head by shutting down . When they were in Tucson in 2011 , they said we 're so strongly polarized right now , we need to `` make sure we 're talking to each other in a way that heels , not in a way that wounds . '' Is it good to say the Republicans are putting a gun to the head of the American people ?
JAY CARNEY , White House : The Republicans -- again , I can cite numerous Republicans , including one Congressman who referred to their fellow Republicans as lemmings wearing suicide vests . Numerous Republicans have used the hostage analogy . Numerous Republican commentators have used the gun to the head analogy . I hardly think this is unique . Again , if you 're suggesting that hurt feelings are why we shut down the government
HENRY : I said the president themselves said --
CARNEY : You yourself referred to Republicans shooting at themselves the other day in the briefing . So , I think that the people who watch this could probably get through that .
In writing about the Max Scherzer signing on Tuesday , Joe Sheehan made a point in their newsletter that I completely agree with :
Setting aside the merits of the signing for the moment , I like seeing a team do what the Nationals are doing . So much of baseball management right now seems to be aimed at trying to build an 85-win team and hoping for some good variance . No team has won 100 games in the three seasons since the postseason expanded to ten teams . That may not sound like much , but it 's the first time in the 162-game schedule era that we 've gone that long without a 100-game winner ( full seasons , of course ) . Maybe it 's not an optimal use of money ; the Nationals were probably going to win the NL East with the team they had Saturday , and Scherzer barely moves the needle in any given postseason series . It 's nevertheless heartening to see a team trying to be great , rather than just good enough . I want the Nationals to keep Strasburg and Zimmerman and Desmond and give us a team worth talking about this summer .
To Joe 's first point about 100-win teams , here 's the complete list since 1990 :
2011 : Phillies ( 102 )
2009 : Yankees ( 103 )
2008 : Angels ( 100 )
2005 : Cardinals ( 100 )
2004 : Cardinals ( 105 ) , Yankees ( 101 )
2003 : Yankees ( 101 ) , Braves ( 101 ) , Giants ( 100 )
2002 : Yankees ( 103 ) , A 's ( 103 ) , Braves ( 101 )
2001 : Mariners ( 116 ) , A 's ( 102 )
1999 : Braves ( 103 ) , Diamondbacks ( 100 )
1998 : Yankees ( 114 ) , Braves ( 106 ) , Astros ( 102 )
1997 : Braves ( 101 )
1995 : Indians ( 100 ... in a 144-game season )
1993 : Braves ( 104 ) , Giants ( 103 )
1990 : A 's ( 103 )
Going back further , the 1980s had seven 100-win teams , the 1970s had 13 and the 1960s had 10 . The way the sport is trending , we 'll be lucky if we get two or three this decade .
I believe baseball needs great teams . A great team gives us a narrative over the course of the long season and a narrative heading into the postseason . How good is this team ? How does it compare to other great teams ? Can it win the World Series ?
A great team potentially gives us a team to dislike . When the Yankees won four titles in five years or won 100-plus games three years in a row , it meant fans of the other 29 teams had a natural enemy to root against . Every October had a natural storyline : How will the Yankees do and how do you beat them ? You watched to see them win or you watched hoping they 'd crumble .
A great team is fun . Even if you were n't a Phillies fan in 2011 , a rotation featuring Roy Halladay , Cliff Lee and Cole Hamels was a marvel to watch . Those 2004 Cardinals with Albert Pujols , Scott Rolen and Jim Edmonds in their primes were a showcase of all-around excellence . The 2001 Mariners and 1998 Yankees were the most perfectly assembled teams I 've seen in my baseball-watching lifetime .
A great team gives more fans reason to watch in October . No offense to the Giants and Royals , but those were n't great teams . The casual fan is n't going to be excited to see an 88-win team square off against an 89-win team in the World Series . ( Compare that to this year 's Super Bowl ; both No . 1 seeds have advanced , one of them the defending champion . ) A built-in narrative is good for the sport . Yes , last year 's postseason at least ended up with a fantastic story -- Madison Bumgarner seemingly carrying an entire team on their left arm -- but it was also one wild-card team beating another wild-card team .
The Nationals have a chance to be great , with , as ESPN Insider Dan Szymborski wrote , a historically dominant rotation that could end up crushing a weak NL East . Maybe they 're a 95-win team ; maybe Scherzer and Stephen Strasburg and Jordan Zimmermann all battle for the Cy Young Award and they 're a 100-win team ; maybe Bryce Harper makes the leap and they win 105 .
Parity is certainly important in some regards . It provides more teams a chance to make the playoffs and a higher turnover of playoff teams each season . But it also creates a certain randomness to a season , the chance that the best are n't rewarded , that it 's about luck and health as much as skill , that we end up with an accidental World Series champ rather than a great World Series team . That can be exciting -- the Royals and Giants at least gave us an interesting World Series that went the distance -- but , as Joe wrote , I want a team we spend all summer talking about .
Plus , it would give all those people in D.C. something to discuss other than who 's going to run for president .
LOS ANGELES—Asserting that they would never venture into the world of prestige film and television , actor Kevin James announced Monday that they are not considering a late-career shift towards more dramatic roles . “ I can confirm that I am in no way planning a pivot toward taking on more weighty , serious roles , ” said James , who also confirmed they have not spent a moment of free time filming a passion project that would explore darker , more personal themes . “ You can expect me to continue making slapstick comedies where I get mad at my wife for losing the remote and occasionally wipe out on a Segway . I have no intention of playing a troubled genius or a controversial historical figure or anything at all that speaks to something deeper about the human condition. ” James went on to say , however , they would reconsider if given the opportunity to collaborate with director Lars von Trier .
Advertisement
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Israel , Egypt and North Korea should renounce chemical weapons , especially after Syria joined the convention banning them and three other nations plan to do so , the chief of an international watchdog said on Tuesday .
Ahmet Uzumcu , director general of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) delivers a speech during the Nobel Peace Prize awards ceremony at the City Hall in Oslo December 10 , 2013 . REUTERS/Tobias Schwarz
Ahmet Uzumcu , head of the Nobel Peace Prize-winning Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) , said Angola , Myanmar and South Sudan were preparing to join the pact .
“ Now since Syria has become a member country , I think ( Israel ) can reconsider , ” Uzumcu told Reuters in Oslo , where they accepted the 2013 Nobel award for the OPCW .
Israel , which has observer status at the OPCW , signed the convention in 1993 , but has never ratified it .
As with its presumed nuclear arsenal , Israel has never publicly admitted having chemical weapons . Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz said in September that Israel would be ready to discuss the issue when there was peace in the Middle East .
“ I do n't see any excuse for not joining the convention , ” Uzumcu said . “ Three ( nations ) are very close to membership and I hope the others will reconsider their positions . ”
The OPCW 's mission gained critical importance this year after a sarin gas attack outside Damascus in August killed hundreds of people , exacerbating a 2-1/2-year-old conflict in Syria in which more than 100,000 have died .
Syria then agreed under a deal arranged by the United States and Russia to destroy all of its 1,300 metric tons of sarin , mustard gas and other lethal agents , averting U.S. missile strikes .
“ The only consolation is that those attacks led to renewed efforts by the international community to eliminate them , ” Uzumcu said , referring to chemical weapons around the world .
CHALLENGES
Work is Syria is hampered by security challenges and needs more money but the Syrian government is doing its best to cooperate and OPCW expects soon to secure a port where the deadliest chemicals can be neutralized offshore , they said .
“ There are some contacts which are under way and we may be informed within a week to 10 days , ” Uzumcu said , without identifying the port . “ The Syrian government has been quite cooperative , constructive and transparent so far . ”
The United States is donating a naval ship and equipment to destroy Syria 's most dangerous chemical weapons but securing a port has proven especially difficult and the OPCW is at risk of missing its December 31 deadline to remove these weapons from Syria .
Getting rid of the less dangerous weapons is also a challenge , unless more funds are forthcoming , Uzumcu said .
“ The financial contributions have been encouraging but we expect more because we have built a trust fund for the second category of chemical substances , which will have to be destroyed at commercial plants , ” they said .
“ The United States will cover all the costs for the priority-one chemical weapons . For the second category of weapons , we estimate 35 to 40 million euros , ” Uzumcu said .
The OPCW hopes to remove all chemical weapons from Syria by February 5 and to destroy them by June 30 . The most dangerous of the chemicals , about 500 metric tons , will be processed by the United States and stored at an undetermined location .
The U.S. ship can not sail into a Syrian port so current plans call for Danish and Norwegian merchant ships to get the chemicals out , some to be transferred to the U.S. vessel and the less lethal ones to commercial chemical plants for incineration .
There Must Be Zero Carbon Emissions 'Well Before 2040 ' To Stop Climate Change
There Must Be Zero Carbon Emissions 'Well Before 2040 ' To Stop Climate Change
Carbon emissions must be reduced to zero “ well before 2040 ” to stop global warming from increasing beyond 1.5 degrees Celcius by the end of the century , scientists have said .
After analysing their research , scientists also said that humans may have to rely on “ negative emissions ” technology .
Reuters
Many countries committed to preventing global warming under the Paris Agreement on climate change . They are working towards not going back 2C .
This recent study was published in the journal , Nature Communications , is the among the first to use the new FeliX computer model , which includes social , economic and environmental factors .
Researcher , Dr Michael Obersteiner , said , “ The FeliX model provides a unique systemic view of the whole carbon cycle , which is vital to our understanding of future climate change and energy .
Do n't Miss 153 SHARES 9.2 K SHARES 353 SHARES 20.5 K SHARES 12 K SHARES
Dna
“ The study shows that the combined energy and land-use system should deliver zero net anthropogenic emissions well before 2040 in order to assure the attainability of a 1.5C target by 2100 . ”
This does not imply the complete dismissal of burning fossil fuels in 20 years . Some emissions are allowed if enough is taken out of the atmosphere .
Researchers wrote in the Nature Communications paper , “ Roughly speaking , and based on current technologies , energy sector emissions will need to peak within the next decade .
conserve energy future
“ By 2100 , the market share of fossil fuels will need to fall to less than a fourth of total primary energy demand to preserve the possibility of meeting the [ Paris Agreement ] targets . ”
They also added that “ full decarbonisation ” will have to depend on the use of carbon-capture technology , still in its novel stages , and the burning of biofuels .
While it 's never crystal clear what factors will lead Major League Soccer to decide on which market becomes an expansion franchise , there 's been something of a trend in recent years to offer a clue of what 's coming next .
Dating back to when the Seattle Sounders joined the league in 2009 , six of the eight expansion markets had all planted firm roots in North American soccer 's minor leagues before making the jump . The only exceptions ( Philadelphia in 2010 and New York City FC in 2015 ) are both major-market pickups for the league , with Miami tentatively set to reboot in 2017 after a previous false start during the early days of MLS .
But the others ? All homegrown success stories , from Seattle to Montreal and into the future with Orlando , all with proud histories of building the game up from the ground level before getting the MLS stamp . So when it comes to the league 's last outstanding expansion spot before the 24-team threshold in 2020 , developing new markets for professional teams is very much a lower-division love affair .
Both the second-division NASL and third-tier USL PRO are very much up for the challenge . NASL commissioner Bill Peterson says their league is aiming to hit 18 teams within the next three years . USL wants at least 30 teams by 2020 , and according to league president Tim Holt , there might be as many as 36 untapped markets still available for the intrepid investor who 'd like to own a minor-league soccer club .
The question now , however , is a complicated one . Which league does a prospective owner want to join ?
“ I 'd be lying to you if I told you we did n't look at [ NASL ] , ” Warren Smith , the founder of USL PRO expansion club Sacramento Republic FC , told MLSsoccer.com . “ But there are a lot of things going on with the NASL , and they 're so East Coast-centric .
`` Honestly , it was the affiliation with MLS that USL PRO has that made this finally a trigger point for us … Had NASL been the MLS partner , perhaps it would have been a different dialog . ”
NASL has no intention of partnering with any soccer league in the US , Peterson told reporters two weeks ago . Peterson has said multiple times in the past that NASL is not a “ minor league , ” which at least hints that the league does not see itself in direct competition with USL PRO .
The reality on the ground , however , is a bit different . Less than a month ago , the ownership of NASL 's proposed team in Oklahoma City was hit by the departure of their primary investor , Tim McLaughlin , who divested themselves of ownership in the club to join USL PRO 's OKC Energy FC , now four games into their maiden season .
A young Oklahoma City Energy fan gets the USL PRO team 's logo shaved into their head in April . The team is four games into its first season . ( Steven Christy/Oklahama City Energy )
The breakup in Oklahoma City has been particularly messy and confusing . USL PRO looked into bids from two prospective ownership groups , one led by local business person Bob Funk Jr. , and one led by the owners of OKC 's PDL franchise . Funk 's group won out , and the PDL owners – including McLaughlin – subsequently announced they would bring an NASL team to Oklahoma City .
However , USL claimed that the NASL bid 's owners were barred from owning or operating another team per their PDL agreement , though McLaughlin was apparently exempt because they never signed the agreement . As RecklessChallenge.net has reported , the remaining owners have filed suit against USL , but until the legal case is resolved , they wo n't get involved in NASL 's bid . Seemingly , it leaves NASL without an owner of their OKC franchise .
McLaughlin 's departure , meanwhile , has allowed Energy FC to acquire the leasing rights to the OKC public school system 's Taft Stadium that they won for NASL . The team will begin play there in 2015 .
“ It 's great [ to have McLaughlin on board ] , ” Funk told MLSsoccer.com . “ When we sat down and talked about this , it became apparent to both of us that there was a lot of synergy between the two of us , that we had a lot in common… with our core drive , which is uniting people through soccer in Oklahoma City and doing what 's best for soccer in the community here locally . ”
What 's best for soccer in Oklahoma City , in Funk 's mind , is bringing a team to MLS , and they believe that USL PRO gives them the best model to do that . But having a team in the market over the long term – and having that team be successful – is just as important .
“ I felt that the business model and what USL PRO had to offer gave us the best opportunity to get off on the right foot from a franchise standpoint , being able to establish longevity and start small , ” Funk said . “ You 've got an opportunity to succeed without getting your payroll tremendously out of whack . ”
It may not have worked out in Oklahoma , but NASL has had success stories at the expense of USL PRO in the past . Shortly after the schism between the two leagues in 2010 , USL made a series of announcements that the ownership group of the San Antonio Spurs was looking to bring a USL PRO team to the city .
Fast-forward four years , and the San Antonio Scorpions are one of the best-supported teams in the NASL .
The San Antonio Scorpions revealed their new mascot recently ( above ) , garnering the club some national attention for their over-the-top unveil . ( San Antonio Scorpions )
“ I did n't [ approach USL ] , ” Scorpions owner Gordon Hartman told MLSsoccer.com . “ I could easily have done that . I just did n't because there was a comfort level after the discussions with the NASL that I wanted to proceed forward .
`` They were accepting of my timeline and my ideas , and so it just proceeded . Had it not moved smoothly , probably there would have been additional review on my part . ”
Hartman estimates the entire process of winning the rights to a franchise in San Antonio – contacting NASL , reviewing that Hartman met the league 's minimum requirement of a $ 20 million net worth , and analyzing demand for soccer in the market – took no more than three months .
“ There were some analytics that were involved in that , but also there was a lot of gut feeling that this was something that made sense , ” Hartman said . “ We had to go through some additional review to ensure that what my gut was telling me and what my sense was telling me was correct , and it did conclude that soccer had potential in San Antonio . ”
That 's an understatement . The Scorpions opened the 2014 season on April 12 in front of 7,381 spectators at their soccer-specific Toyota Field . Despite finishing bottom of the table in NASL 's 2013 fall season , San Antonio averaged more than 6,000 fans a game . San Antonio has entered the conversation to fill that 24th slot in MLS .
In the end , both leagues are co-existing and striving in their own ways .
“ We understand that there are other leagues , and the NASL certainly has their own expansion plans with a different model for professional soccer that 's also seeking some of these same markets that we are , '' Holt said . `` In most cases the same type of ownership groups that we are .
“ You 've got another league out there that 's competing for expansion markets with you . I do n't say that in any negative type of way . It 's just a very matter-of-fact statement . It is a variable and a dynamic that we 're aware of and that you have to be cognizant of , but in no way does it inhibit or affect or change what our strategy is . ”
Philippe Coutinho scored Liverpool 's second goal in the middle of the frantic finale at Loftus Road
Sterling shines in first start since England row
QPR twice fight back before late Reds winner
Richard Dunne scores record 10th own goal
Liverpool goes fifth as QPR stay bottom
Four goals in a breathless final eight minutes ended in Liverpool clinching a dramatic win which kept QPR bottom of the Premier League .
Liverpool led through Richard Dunne 's record 10th Premier League own goal before Chile striker Eduardo Vargas levelled with their first QPR goal .
Philippe Coutinho drilled in to put Liverpool back ahead , only for Vargas to equalise again in injury time .
Media playback is not supported on this device QPR 2-3 Liverpool : Brendan Rodgers says QPR deserved more
QPR 's Steven Caulker then diverted into their own net to move Liverpool to fifth .
The defeat was harsh on newly-promoted QPR who dominated most of the match without taking the scoring chances that they created .
And they were taught a harsh lesson as Liverpool , last season 's runners-up , climbed into their joint-highest Premier League position of the season .
QPR have struggled on their return to the top-flight , claiming just four points in their eight matches , and leading to speculation that manager Harry Redknapp 's position is under threat .
Match facts QPR have failed to score in 11 of their last 14 first halves in the Premier League . Liverpool have kept just one clean sheet in their last 14 Premier League matches . QPR 's Leroy Fer has struck the woodwork three times so far this season , the most in the Premier League . Liverpool 's Mario Balotelli has had 26 shots this season in the Premier League - only two players ( Aguero 36 , Pelle 32 ) have had more .
The 67-year-old insisted before kick-off that they are not under pressure , but was left cursing their luck at the final whistle - looking to the west London skies in disbelief - as they wondered how their team failed to earn at least a point .
A draw would have moved them above fellow new-boys Burnley , who are still winless after Saturday 's defeat against West Ham .
QPR 's work-rate has been criticised by some observers but they looked reinvigorated by the international break - and the five changes to their starting XI - following the 2-0 defeat at West Ham .
Richard Dunne is the first player to reach double figures in Premier League own goals
Former England striker Bobby Zamora was one of the players recalled , with the hope that their physicality would unnerve a Liverpool defence which had kept just one clean sheet in their previous 16 matches .
And Redknapp 's plan worked during a first half in which QPR hassled and harried their opponents into defensive mistakes .
Media playback is not supported on this device QPR naive beyond belief - Redknapp
Zamora 's movement and strength left Liverpool looking bedraggled and the 33-year-old teed up the two efforts which saw Leroy Fer rattle the woodwork before half-time .
QPR continued where they left off in the first half as Sandro 's stinging shot was pushed to safety by Reds keeper Simon Mignolet , before Charlie Austin flashed a low effort across goal from a tight angle .
The Hoops deserved to be ahead on the number of chances created , but were punished when Raheem Sterling 's quick free-kick ended in Dunne hacking into their own goal .
Redknapp introduced on-loan Napoli forward Vargas with little more than 10 minutes left and they made an instant impact by smashing in Austin 's knockdown for the first equaliser .
England boss Roy Hodgson , who said they were told by Raheem Sterling that they were fatigued , watched the drama from the Loftus Road stands alongside former QPR striker Les Ferdinand
Sterling has been the centre of attention in a week where debate about their physical condition dominated the media - and now the focus will rightly switch to the England international 's talent .
The 19-year-old , who started their career in QPR 's academy before moving to Anfield , was largely anonymous as Liverpool largely failed to find their rhythm .
But they burst into life when it mattered as Liverpool showed the character to carve out an important win .
Sterling began the move which set up Coutinho 's goal , which was cancelled out by Vargas ' second , before their square pass was bundled into their own net by Caulker for the winner .
Have a look at some of the best photos from today 's Premier League games on the BBC Sport Facebook page .
Four goals , eight minutes - how the drama unfolded ...
86:04 ( 1-1 ) - Eduardo Vargas levels with their first QPR goal since joining from Napoli
89:44 ( 1-2 ) - Philippe Coutinho puts Liverpool 2-1 ahead , meaning they have scored in both of their Premier League appearances against QPR
91:01 ( 2-2 ) - Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet is unable to claw out Eduardo Vargas 's second equaliser
94:13 ( 2-3 ) - QPR 's Steven Caulker bundles in Liverpool 's winner with virtually the last kick of the game
In the latest scientific developments on Ebola , a France-based team reported that Ebola RNA is more stable in blood samples than in urine , and Profectus BioSciences , Inc. reported encouraging preclinical trial results for a vaccine targeted to a range of filoviruses , including West Africa 's Ebola outbreak strain .
The study on Ebola stability in blood and urine is based on samples obtained from seven lab-confirmed case-patients early this year . The findings were published online today in Emerging Infectious Diseases .
The researchers found that in blood samples , Ebola RNA was stable for at least 18 days , but in urine RNA degraded faster , testing negative within 2 to 4 days . They said the results are similar to postmortem findings on macaques .
The investigators concluded that blood sampling is probably more sensitive and reliable than oral swabbing , and plasma samples can be tested for up to 18 days , even if stored at ambient temperatures . They added that urine does n't seem useful for initial Ebola diagnosis .
Vaccine moving to clinical trials
In vaccine news , Profectus ' chief scientific officer John Eldridge , PhD , presented findings on vaccine candidate VesiculoVax rVSVN4CT1 at a recent filovirus medical countermeasure workshop held in Fort Detrick , Md. , the company said in a news release yesterday .
Eldridge said the company has been working for several years on a single vaccine to protect against all filoviruses . The vaccine has been developed with the support of US government agencies , including the Department of Defense , the Biomedical Advances Research and Development Authority ( BARDA ) , and the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) .
In the release , Eldridge said the preclinical trial found that the components of the trivalent Ebola/Marburg vaccine when given in a single dose did n't interfere with each other and work together to provide broad protection . They added that the vaccine is advancing to clinical trials , with the first human dose to be administered in the middle of 2016 . ( The press release did not specify what animals were involved in the study , and CIDRAP News was unable to ascertain that by press time . )
Profectus said it is developing a freeze-dried version of the vaccine that can be stockpiled for years without refrigeration .
WHO confirms no Guinea cases
In other Ebola developments , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) today confirmed in its weekly Ebola update that Guinea reported no cases last week , which comes just a day after the country 's health officials announced that the last known patient has recovered and tested negative on a second test .
The patient is a baby born to an Ebola-infected mother who died from their disease . If the country goes 42 days without a new case , it will join Liberia and Sierra Leone as having ended transmission .
The WHO said the child was born in an Ebola treatment center and delivered by a medical staff wearing full personal protective equipment . It added that no contacts were associated with the baby and that earlier contacts of previous cases have completed their 21-day follow-up periods .
The agency noted that , as of Nov 15 , all contacts of a Scottish nurse who was hospitalized in London with late Ebola-related complications have completed their monitoring periods . Pauline Cafferkey was released from Royal Free London on Nov 11 and was admitted to Glasgow 's St. Elizabeth 's Hospital for their continuing recovery from meningitis illness .
See also
Nov 18 Emerg Infect Dis study
Nov 17 Profectus press release
Nov 18 WHO Ebola situation update
To most looking in , Rebecca Bunch has a great life : a high powered job as an attorney in a prestigious New York law firm , great future prospects in their chosen profession , looks , brains , and money . But they have always suffered from anxiety and depression , for which they are on a plethora of pills . Those maladies are largely from being pushed by their overbearing Jewish mother , which also led to Rebecca 's father abandoning the family when they were young . When on the streets of New York Rebecca runs into Josh Chan , their boyfriend from summer camp ten years ago when they were sixteen , they remember back to that time as the happiest time in their life , happiness which eludes them When Josh mentions that they are imminently moving back to their hometown of West Covina , California , Rebecca decides to pursue happiness in moving to West Covina herself , telling people it 's because they got a fabulous job there , where in reality it 's to rekindle a relationship with Josh , which they believe is what will make ... Written by Huggo
This year 's edition of NIPS was a big success . As you probably already know we had the surprise visit of Mark Zuckerberg ( see here for the reason behind this visit ) . More interestingly ( or perhaps less interestingly depending on who you are ) here are some of the papers that I liked the most .
Optimization
– Non-strongly-convex smooth stochastic approximation with convergence rate by Francis Bach and Eric Moulines . With noisy gradients ( see this post ) it is known that the best rate of convergence to minimize an -strongly convex function is of order while for convex functions it is of order . Unfortunately in Machine Learning applications the strong convexity parameter is often a regularization parameter that can be as small as , in which case the standard analysis using strong convexity do not yield any acceleration . In this paper Bach and Moulines show that in the case of the square loss ( whose strong convexity parameter depends on the smallest non-zero eigenvalue of the covariance matrix of the covariates ) one can obtain a rate of order ( i.e . with no dependency on the smallest eigenvalue ) . The proposed algorithm is simply Stochastic Gradient Descent with a constant step-size ( and averaging for the output ) . A more intricate algorithm is also proposed for the logistic loss .
– On Decomposing the Proximal Map by Yaoliang Yu . Algorithms such as ISTA and FISTA ( see this post ) require computing the proximal operator
Recall that this proximal operator arises naturally for the minimization of a function of the form , i.e . when one wants to minimize some function while enforcing some of the ‘ properties ' of in the solution . For instance with one would like to output a sparse solution . Thus it is very natural to try to understand the relation between and . This paper considers various properties under which one has .
– Accelerating Stochastic Gradient Descent using Predictive Variance Reduction by Rie Johnson and Tong Zhang . This paper gives a beautiful new algorithm achieving the same performances as SDCA and SAG ( see this post ) . The algorithm/analysis are much more intuitive than the one of SDCA and SAG . I will make a more detailed post on this paper later next year .
– Accelerated Mini-Batch Stochastic Dual Coordinate Ascent by Shai Shalev-Shwartz and Tong Zhang . Both SDCA and SAG have a linear dependency on the condition number . For the deterministic case Nesterov 's accelerated gradient descent attains a linear dependency on . This paper partially bridges the gap between these results and present an accelerated version of SDCA using mini batches .
– Mixed Optimization for Smooth Functions by Mehrdad Mahdavi , Lijun Zhang and Rong Jin . This paper considers a new setting which seems quite natural : what if on top of noisy first order oracle one can also access a regular first order oracle ? Mehrdad will do a guest post on this problem soon , but the short answer is that with only a logarithmic number of calls to the regular oracle one can attain a rate of order for smooth optimization ( while with only the noisy oracle the rate is ) .
– Estimation , Optimization , and Parallelism when Data is Sparse by John Duchi , Mike Jordan and Brendan McMahan . For this paper too I am hoping to have a guest post ( by John Duchi this time ) that would explain the new algorithm and its properties . The idea is roughly to do a gradient descent where the step-size adapts to the sparsity of the observed gradient , allowing for much faster rates in certain situations .
Bandits
– Online Learning in Episodic Markovian Decision Processes by Relative Entropy Policy Search by Alexander Zimin and Gergely Neu . This paper shows that one can solve episodic loop-free MDPs by simply using a combinatorial semi-bandit strategy ( see this paper by Audibert , myself and Lugosi where we solved the semi-bandit problem ) . I believe that this paper initiate a research direction that will be very fruitful in the future . Namely reducing ( or rather reformulating ) a complicated sequential decision making problem as a linear bandit ( or semi-bandit ) . A similar approach is very popular in optimization where everyone knows that one should try very hard to formulate the problem of interest as a convex program . On the other hand such an approach in online learning/sequential decision making has not been recognized yet . I believe that at the moment the most promising direction is to try to formulate the problem as a linear bandit as it is both an extremely general problem but also one for which we have seemingly canonical algorithms . A related paper is Online Learning in Markov Decision Processes with Adversarially Chosen Transition Probability Distributions by Abbasi-Yadkori , Bartlett , Kanade , Seldin and Szepesvari .
– Two-Target Algorithms for Infinite-Armed Bandits with Bernoulli Rewards by Thomas Bonald and Alexandre Proutiere . This paper considers the famous Bayesian setting of Berry , Chen , Zame , Heath and Shepp where one has a countable set of arms with Bernoulli distributions and means drawn uniformly on . This paper shows the first optimal strategy with a Bayesian regret of order . I recommend taking a look at the strategy , it is both very elegant and quite smart .
– Sequential Transfer in Multi-armed Bandit with Finite Set of Models by Mohammad Azar , Alessandro Lazaric and Emma Brunskill . This paper considers an elegant and simple model for transfer learning in multi-armed bandit problems . To put it simply the setting is the one of a Bayesian multi-armed bandit where the underlying parameter is replaced by a new fresh independent sample very steps . If the prior is known then this problem is fairly straightforward ( given our current knowledge of the multi-armed bandit ) . The issue is what to do when the prior is unknown . The paper proposes an interesting strategy based on learning latent variable models via the method of moments ( see this paper by Anandkumar , Ge , Hsu , Kakade , and Telgarsky for instance ) . While this gives non-trivial results I believe that much more can be said by fully embracing the sequential nature of the problem rather than trying to blend together a batch method with standard bandit strategies . I suspect that the technical difficulties to obtain an optimal strategy for this setting will be tremendous ( which is quite exciting ! ) .
– Eluder Dimension and the Sample Complexity of Optimistic Exploration by Daniel Russo and Benjamin Van Roy ; Prior-free and prior-dependent regret bounds for Thompson Sampling by myself and Che-Yu Liu . These two papers ask the same question ( with the latter paper being inspired by the former ) : we know that Thompson Sampling can be as good as UCB when initialized with a well-chosen prior , but can we show that it has a significant advantage in the cases where the prior is actually informative ? The first paper addresses this question in the context of linear bandits ( which is , as pointed out above , the most fundamental bandit problem ) , while the second paper considers a much more restricted class of problems but for which surprisingly strong results can be obtained .
Online Learning
– Dimension-Free Exponentiated Gradient by Francesco Orabona . This paper introduces a new regularizer for Mirror Descent and shows that it adapts automatically to the norm of the unknown comparator . In my opinion we know very few interesting regularizers for MD ( especially in the full-information setting ) and any non-trivial addition to this set seems difficult . This paper manages to do just that . It would be interesting to see if this gives new insights for bandit regularizers .
– Minimax Optimal Algorithms for Unconstrained Linear Optimization by Brendan McMahan and Jacob Abernethy . My advice for this paper is to look at Section 3.2 which gives one very concrete and very cool application of the method they develop .
Other
I 'm running out of stamina so I will now just list the other papers that I found very interesting .
– Density estimation from unweighted k-nearest neighbor graphs : a roadmap by von Luxburg and Alamgir .
– Stochastic blockmodel approximation of a graphon : Theory and consistent estimation by Airoldi , Costa and Chan .
– Near-Optimal Entrywise Sampling for Data Matrices by Achlioptas , Karnin and Liberty .
– Near-optimal Anomaly Detection in Graphs using Lovasz Extended Scan Statistic by Sharpnack , Krishnamurthy and Singh .
– Estimating the Unseen : Improved Estimators for Entropy and other Properties by Valiant and Valiant .
– Information-theoretic lower bounds for distributed statistical estimation with communication constraints by Zhang , Duchi , Jordan and Wainwright .
FOR Jharal Yow Yeh , the pain could not be more confronting , the disappointment forever haunting . Yet still they smile like a Powerball winner .
That is the mark of the man , and why the Broncos are determined to never lose him .
They sit in small office at Broncos headquarters , overlooking the gymnasium they inhabited almost daily with Broncos teammates as the hottest wing prospect in rugby league .
The gym is so close Yow Yeh can hear the shrill of players pumping iron . But mentally , and in their heart , they are a world away .
BENNETT WILL MAKE FINAL CALL ON INGLIS
HODGES COMPLETES TRANSITION TO LEADER
media_camera Jharal Yow Yeh is coming to terms in their new life in the Broncos ' offices .
It has been almost a year since Yow Yeh made the toughest call of their life and retired from rugby league .
It was not meant to end like this , a 25-year-old at their athletic zenith now sharing a squat office with Peter ‘ Nugget ' Nolan , the Broncos recruiter who signed Yow Yeh as a teenager for $ 2000 .
Now working as the Broncos ' indigenous support officer , the former Origin and Test flyer has been to hell and back .
There have been 10 operations on their ankle to treat the worst footballing injury doctors have seen in 34 years .
Sleepless nights . Tears . Bouts of depression . Medical advice they are likely to one day need a walking stick .
But Yow Yeh refuses to submit a sob story , every tap of the keyboard an imperceptible march towards rebuilding their life .
“ There are still some dark days where you say why me ? ” says Yow Yeh , who never made their way back to the NRL despite a brave fight after a horrific ankle compound fracture against Souths in March 2012 .
“ Footy is the only thing I have known since I was a boy and that 's been my profession . It is difficult sometimes because I am only separated by a wall from the boys in the gym .
“ From my office , I can watch the boys train and I miss that a lot . I miss the bonding .
“ It has been hard to transition into the workforce . There 's been tears and I was depressed for a little while , but there are kids out there with cancer who are worse off than me .
“ I 'm enjoying working with indigenous kids . I can relate to them . I want to make a difference . ”
media_camera Jharal Yow Yeh 's ankle injury means they will eventually need to use a walking stick .
Cutting the umbilical cord completely was so tough that Wayne Bennett had to do it for him .
In between their indigenous and ambassadorial work , Yow Yeh had hoped to continue travelling with the team this season .
Bennett bit the bullet , assuring them there was green grass on the other side .
“ Wayne tried to separate me from that , ” Yow Yeh recalls .
“ I was n't sure , but as usual Wayne was right .
“ It was actually good to remove myself from the footy side , to take myself out of my comfort zone and better myself .
“ What I can now appreciate is how much NRL clubs do for players . It 's like being at school .
“ We get told what to eat , what to wear , how to train , where we have to be ... the Broncos were like my parents .
“ My life is totally different now . I 'm doing normal office hours . I 'm behind a desk , using a computer , answering to my bosses . I would n't say NRL players have it easy , but it 's just an organised life and if you buy in to their culture , you will succeed . ”
media_camera We will never know just how good the former Broncos centre could have become .
At first glance , it is hard to see a drastic change in Yow Yeh . They still wear a Broncos polo and Nike-sponsored footwear .
At 102kg and with a body filling out in the way Greg Inglis did , you ca n't help but wonder the havoc Yow Yeh could wreak today on the football field .
But then they point down to thick black strapping around their right ankle . It is there everyday , like a rampart providing comfort for an injury that Yow Yeh regards more as a disability .
They have been told by doctors they will require one final operation to ease lingering pain . The trade-off is n't music to Yow Yeh 's ears .
media_camera Yow Yeh did try to resurrect their career but they will never play footy again .
“ I will probably need a walking stick , ” they say , finding a silver lining when they add : “ I might end up looking like some sort of gangster wearing a suit with my walking stick .
“ The ankle is getting a lot worse actually . I 've been told that I will eventually need a fusion .
“ The surgeon will put a rod up the bottom of my ankle and up into my leg and it fuses your ankle so it does n't move at all .
“ I probably do n't like to class it this way , but I have a disability , that 's the truth of it . I ca n't run anymore or lift heavy things because my ankle gets sore .
“ My left leg is everything for me , that 's how my retirement came about . I hurt it in a comeback game and my life flashed before my eyes , thinking I could end up in a wheelchair .
“ I was really scared by the end . I 'm 25 years old . I have so much more ahead of me in life . ”
media_camera Yow Yeh is now focusing on making a difference to the game of the field .
Like tackling indigenous welfare and youth suicide .
Yow Yeh has been alarmed by recent deaths in the rugby league world and urged the next generation of under-20s stars not to bottle their emotions .
“ I 'd be more than willing to help the NRL with programs on life skills , ” they say . “ I 've been there , I know how hard it is for some young guys who may lack self-esteem to speak up and express their emotions .
“ I really want to give indigenous kids a better life . Some people think indigenous people ca n't succeed and they feel that too because they lack self-esteem .
“ I want to change it . I want them to think they can do whatever they want .
“ Hopefully one day , an indigenous kid will become a lawyer or doctor and say I helped them along the way ... that would make me happy . ”
This blog was written for , and posted by , a friend of mine who writes about body image issues , both in their blog and in their PhD work . You can , and should , check out their blog here : http : //femmered.blogspot.nl/
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
I have been sick recently . I had a high fever and no appetite for a couple of weeks . I lost a lot of weight . Pants I had bought in the spring of 2011 ( when I was very sick in a different way ) started to fit too loosely around my waist . I could see my ab muscles . I could see my ribs .
After my fever subsided , I started , predictably , to put that weight back on .
I felt bad about it .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
I suffer from depression , anxiety , have low self esteem , and yes , body image issues . These are not things that fit nicely within clearly defined lines . They blend together , feed off of each other , and become parts of a whole person .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
When I was 18 , I decided I wanted to bodybuild . I created a matrix to measure the nutritional values of some staple foods and measured my diet down to the gram . My mother was worried I had an eating disorder . I worked out obsessively , to the point of taking a cab to a 24 hour gym when a group project meeting broke at 2 am and the school gym was closed . At my physically strongest , I was 5 ' 9 ” , 175 lbs , with roughly 10 % bodyfat . I was deadlifting nearly 400 lbs .
I did n't like myself then any more than I do now .
I still catch myself wishing I was that strong again .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
I am a victim of self-improvement . I am in a constant state of feeling like I am not good enough for myself . This feeling has motivated a lot of my projects . It also feeds my self-esteem issues . I tried to satisfy both by making a project out of changing my body .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
The insidious thing about changing your body is , paradoxically , that it is obvious .
If you change yourself emotionally , or mentally , only the few people close enough to you to know your heart and mind are going to notice , and those people are going to see you often enough that the change will be gradual . But if your body changes , anyone can notice . The reinforcement , positive or negative , can come from all the people who see you , from family through complete strangers . The feedback that you get on physical traits far outstrips the feedback you get on metaphysical ones on sheer volume , even if you value your metaphysical traits much more highly . For someone constantly seeking to feel good enough , it can become addicting and entrapping .
You get stuck in this feedback loop where you get the positive reinforcement , the attention or praise or body language you crave , so you make more changes , which results in more positive reinforcement . You get stuck on the treadmill and the speed keeps increasing , and the faster it goes , the harder it is to get off .
And then all of a sudden your legs quit .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
As an eighteen-year-old with low self esteem , I worried that I was n't good enough to find love or sex ( even with the benefit of hindsight , I do n't know which worried me more ) . I have both now . I have a richer , more rewarding life than I did at 18 .
But the old feedback left desire lines in my brain , and nowadays , I feel weak . I feel powerless . My mood suffers . I do n't get the endorphin high I used to get from the gym . I have a partner who gives me plenty of positive reinforcement , but I 've never handled praise very well .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Since chronic ailments prevent me from working out ( or at the very least make it a risky and harmful idea ) , I spend a lot of money on clothes to try to look good nowadays . I feel good every time I do , and then I feel bad about feeling good about something so superficial . I wish I drew more of my self-esteem from my inner qualities , some of which I think are pretty good .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
I think , if I had to guess , the solution lies along a path involving a lot of brainworks : meditation , yoga , mindfulness . I do n't think I can change how I feel about myself by changing who I am . I do n't think there is a “ better ” me out there that I will be able to love on their merits . So maybe changing how I perceive the world around me and my place in it will work . I do n't really know , but it 's worth a try . I 've been good , maybe great , in a lot of other ways , and it has n't helped .
Advertisements
While the West focuses on the fate of Assad and the defeat of ISIS , radical Islamist ideologies are gaining ground throughout the Syrian opposition . Syria Deeply spoke with Hassan Hassan about the country 's increasingly entrenched jihadist presence and its consequences for political transition .
BEIRUT—Popular rebel groups like Ahrar al-Sham and the al-Qaida affiliated al-Nusra Front have , for years , been steadily gaining ground and influence within Syria 's opposition .
But as the international community remains hyper-focused on the fate of Bashar al-Assad and the destruction of Islamic State ( ISIS ) , the steadily growing radical Islamist tint rising through the ranks of the Syrian opposition may present an unforeseen complication when it comes to political transition .
Although relatively restrained when compared to ISIS in its enforcement of Sharia , al-Nusra has been called “ a wolf in sheep 's clothing ” by analysts – one that is progressively gaining sway among Syria 's opposition groups because of its commitment to fighting Assad , while it quietly entrenches itself and its Qaida-ist ideology throughout much of the rebel-held north .
Ahrar al-Sham , a group formed by former Islamist prisoners and Iraqi war veterans , was one of the first armed movements to arise in Syria . With an extremely efficient structure and fully backed by Turkey and clerics and countries in the Gulf , it 's Salafist ideology and nationalist goals has rendered it a powerful “ swing voter ” in the battle over the ideological direction of Syria 's opposition .
“ I 'm convinced that these groups are here to stay . Whether it 's the Islamic State or al-Nusra , they 're not going anywhere , ” Syria analyst Hassan Hassan told Syria Deeply in an interview .
At the same time , the conflict 's “ intractable ” nature , they said , gives extremist groups more time to entrench themselves locally . “ The longer this goes on , the more these ideologies will become acceptable . ”
Syria Deeply spoke with Hassan about the dangers of an increasingly entrenched jihadist presence in Syria and its consequences for political transition in the future .
Syria Deeply : How prevalent are jihadist groups in Syria ? How naturalized are they becoming within their respective areas of control , and how are they changing the nature of the opposition ?
Hassan : Well it 's worrying and I 'm convinced that these groups are here to stay . Whether it 's the Islamic State or al-Nusra , they 're not going anywhere . But at the same time , the conflict is n't going away either . It 's intractable , and I do n't see a resolution to it any time soon . But the longer these groups stick around , the more acceptable their ideologies become .
Unless we can begin to establish some sort of calm in Syria , nobody is going to turn against al-Nusra and think of them as a ‘ terrorist ' group . Al-Nusra is fighting the Assad government , and it has been quietly establishing control of both Idlib and Aleppo , especially since the Russian intervention . They 've made a lot of progress since March of this year in quietly taking over Idlib , establishing the group as a “ kingmaker. ” After the Russian intervention , it 's been clear that they 're trying to replicate the Idlib scenario in Aleppo . Slowly , al-Nusra is establishing itself as the dominant force in the area . That 's coming a long way considering local nationalist rebels had always dominated Aleppo . Some of them might have been Islamists , but they were still committed to Syria . Now , you have al-Nusra slowly benefiting from the deepening crisis , especially after the Russian intervention , and it 's beginning to achieve some of its goals . This is a consequence of the global failure to end this crisis . We 've allowed groups to entrench themselves throughout Syria , whether it 's ISIS in southeastern Syria and elsewhere , or al-Nusra in northern Syria and elsewhere . It 's a direct result of the lack of vision and the disproportionate focus on what is and will happen in Damascus .
But give these ideas time and they will entrench themselves . That 's the simple formula . This is exactly what al-Qaida is trying to do . They always talk about themselves as a trigger for ordinary people to take up arms and to consider jihad as a way of life and the way to free the Muslim world , to put it back on the map . That 's their vision and that 's what they 're trying to do . Winning hearts and minds to convince people that they 're freedom fighters , not terrorists . They 're gaining traction in Syria , but they 're not yet mainstream .
Syria Deeply : Some commentators have said al-Nusra poses a greater challenge than ISIS when it comes to transition exactly because of how engrained it has become . What 's your take on that ?
Hassan : That 's obvious . Al-Nusra is part of the anti-Assad forces and has been working with them for a long time now . Most of the gains the opposition has made against the Assad government have been made alongside al-Nusra . It should not be surprising . Now the difficulty , on a practical level , is when we begin speaking about establishing a ceasefire and so on . Who will deliver ? The Vienna talks spoke of the Assad government and the opposition agreeing on a ceasefire with the aid of the international community . Now , let 's say the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) is willing to say , “ Okay – we can do that , ” but they do not exclusively control any area . Al-Nusra is operating in almost all FSA areas . The Assad government can not ignore al-Nusra , and the Vienna talks clearly said the potential ceasefire would not involve al-Nusra or ISIS . The plan established in Vienna does not carry any weight on the ground and is contradictory . If the ceasefire does not include al-Nusra , but al-Nusra controls or operates in most of the areas in which they want to establish a ceasefire then … it 's a Catch-22 . That 's why I 'm saying the Vienna talks are anti-talks . They 're not going to lead anywhere . What you need to do is to deal with the different realities and particularities on the ground . It 's not one size fits all approach . The Vienna talks are completely detached from the realities on the ground .
Syria Deeply : How does Ahrar al-Sham fit into the picture ? How does its ideology differ , if at all , from that of al-Nusra or ISIS ?
Hassan : That 's another situation that 's been oversimplified . Because it is supported by foreign countries – namely Turkey and Qatar – Ahrar al-Sham is more prone to accepting a compromise at some point . First , this kind of agreement could deprive Ahrar al-Sham of support in some circles , which has the potential to significantly diminish the organization . Second – Ahrar al-Sham might be agreeing to these things on paper , but it does n't reflect its conduct on the ground . And third – it would create divisions between it and other groups . It 's not likely that Ahrar al-Sham would accept a solution unless it deals directly with the removal of Bashar al-Assad and their government .
Ahrar al-Sham is one of the groups that have agreed to the principles put forward by the international community , but I 'm less than optimistic about the deal working out on the ground . Ahrar al-Sham says it supports a political solution in Syria and is committed to Syria and its minorities , but they put that on paper to appease and reassure the international community and their backers . It 's different from when they ask them to agree on a formula that leaves the Assad government in power and they become part of a government in Damascus , or if they 're asked to agree on a ceasefire without any tangible consequences for Assad . That might force Ahrar al-Sham to push back against its backers . We have to keep that in mind . You can get them to agree on principles , but can you get them to agree on a reality later on ? That 's why foreign funding is always fluid – you can always be abandoned as a foreign donor .
Syria Deeply : People say that Ahrar al-Sham is one of the strongest rebel groups on the ground right now . Is there any truth to this ? In addition , what are the consequences of the growing ideological divide within the group between reformists and pro-Nusra extremists ?
Hassan : There is a lot of disinformation when it comes to Ahrar al-Sham . Ahrar al-Sham is not the strongest group in Syria . Yes , it receives massive funding from Qatar and Turkey , but organizationally it is small . When its leadership was destroyed last year , they bounced back very quickly . Why ? It 's because of the group 's massive funding , or its territorial and strategic depth . Ahrar al-Sham is the strongest operator in northern Syria because of Turkey 's commitment to the group – they receive intelligence , instructions , communications and large amounts of money . But if it 's so strong , why then does it not have a powerful presence anywhere else in Syria except for the north ? Where is Ahrar al-Sham in Daraa or Damascus or Qalamoun ? As a dominant group , it 's relatively limited to Idlib and the borders with Turkey , and that 's specifically because of Turkey 's commitments to it .
Now there is another dynamic that helps Ahrar al-Sham , which goes back to the first point I made about the peculiarities of northern Syria . Like other areas in the country , northern Syria has a very particular set of problems . There are so many young people who 've been militarized – on both the government 's side and the opposition 's side . The north – Idlib , Aleppo and northern Latakia – provides the largest number of troops for both the opposition and the government . They are being mobilized on both sides . It will be the most difficult area in the entire country .
If Ahrar al-Sham wants to launch an attack in Idlib against the Assad government , they hire contractors – they 'll hire 1,000 or 2,000 fighters and pay them to fight in a specific battle for a month , let 's say . If someone dies , they take care of their family , and so on . They have the ability to mobilize a great deal of forces anywhere they choose .
But in terms of size , they have a tight , small and disciplined structure . Money , logistics , territorial depth , information and intelligence – it 's all provided by Turkey and Qatar . That 's why Ahrar al-Sham appears so strong to people outside of Syria . We 've heard Turkish and Qatari diplomats in private meetings always proposing it as a strong and viable force . But it 's misleading .
Context is king . We need to understand why Ahrar al-Sham appears stronger . If its ideology was popular or the group was popular , it would be popular elsewhere in Syria – not just in that particular region close to the Turkish border .
Top image : A Syrian boy shouts slogans against the government in front of a flag of the armed Islamic opposition group al-Nusra during a demonstration in the Bustan al-Qasr neighborhood of Aleppo , Syria . ( Associated Press )
Maybe it 's the pressure of trying to maintain their position as the most corrupt person in Congress , driving Rep. Maxine Waters to have memory problems . The California Representative began their day repeating what she 's been saying since inauguration day , President Trump should be impeached .
The President is a liar , their actions are contemptible , & I 'm going to fight everyday until he 's impeached . — Maxine Waters ( @ MaxineWaters ) April 18 , 2017
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story ? * Yes , they 've gotten so much wrong recently that they 're bound to be on their best behavior . No , they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome . Jussie who ?
Email *
Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged . Completing this poll grants you access to Eagle Rising updates free of charge . You may opt out at anytime . You also agree to this site 's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
Trending : Pastor Asks for Cake , Bakery Refuses and Calls the Cops !
Just short of five hours later , they were interviewed on MSNBC and Waters told host Craig Melvin that denied that they never called President to be impeached ( see video at the bottom of the post ) .
Melvin began by asking Ms . Waters about their early morning tweet–sending them into a rant crazier than the usual Russian hacking tale–her version involved Rex Tillerson and oil deals :
“ The question becomes was there colluding ? Did this campaign — did this president and their campaign and/or allies — collude with the Russians in doing the hacking and undermining our democracy ? We know that Putin hated Hillary , they worked in some ways to try to support Trump to get elected . They got what they wanted We know that Tillerson , for example , who 's never been in government before , who came from Exxon , negotiated a multibillion dollar deal with Putin to drill in the arctic and so we have enough information that leads us to , I think , a credible investigation to find out whether or not there was collusion and whether or not an oil deal is involved with all of this
Melvin interjected , asking Waters if lawmakers should wait for all the facts to come out before suggesting Trump has committed impeachable offenses .
“ I have not called for impeachment , ” Waters said .
For a moment the MSNBC host looked as if they were ex…
The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Robbie Dickson 's latest acquisition is a McLaren 720S , a super-fast sports car that will sell for more than $ 300,000 when it becomes available to buyers in Canada this year .
The White Rock resident is part of a recent surge that auto dealers are noticing in the market for high-end vehicles in Metro Vancouver . Dickson made their latest acquisition earlier this month when the 720S debuted at the Geneva Auto Show , adding it to their collection that already included another McLaren , and a Lamborghini .
“ You 've heard the saying that Vancouver is the supercar capital of the world right now , and it 's so true … It 's almost to the point where when you see a McLaren or a Lamborghini or a Ferrari , and nobody really even notices , ” they said .
Dickson sees international money , particularly from China , as a major driver of this trend : “ I think it 's purely because of the amount of wealth — young wealth — in Vancouver . ”
Three thousand vehicles valued at more than $ 150,000 were insured in B.C . last year , according to ICBC . That 's double the number insured just three years earlier , in 2013 .
Between 2013 and 2016 , the total annual dollar value of vehicle sales in B.C . and the territories shot up 35 per cent , according to Statistics Canada . Meanwhile , the yearly number of sales grew more slowly , increasing by about 20 per cent .
Izzam Ahamed , general manager of Vancouver 's Regency Lexus , has watched an increasing number of customers make the switch from automakers like Honda , Toyota and Hyundai to Lexus and other luxury manufacturers . One factor seems to be the region 's famously high real estate prices .
“ People 's perceived wealth has definitely increased with the price of their homes , ” they said . “ They feel that … they deserve to be driving a Lexus or any other premium brand . ”
Between 2014 and 2016 , the Lower Mainland saw a 28-per-cent increase in the number of sales of luxury vehicles like BMW , Mercedes and Jaguar , according to statistics provided by Ahamed .
They believe there 's also been a trickle-down effect as international money flows into the Vancouver area through the real estate market and tourism . Many of the more-recent buyers have been realtors and fashion consultants at high-end clothing stores — even fellow vehicle salespeople .
“ We 're not seeing so much of the foreign money , it 's just that we see a lot of people benefiting from consumerism in general in Vancouver , ” they said .
At Ferrari Maserati of Vancouver , GM Mark Edmonds agrees that Vancouver 's growing status as a playground for the wealthy explains some of the interest in luxury vehicles . But they also pointed out that many high-end manufacturers now offer models with prices that are more accessible to people who are n't fabulously wealthy .
“ I 'm born and raised in Vancouver , and when I was a kid there was one parent on my hockey team that had a Mercedes , and you never saw a Ferrari and you rarely saw a Porsche . A Lamborghini was like a UFO , ” Edmonds said .
“ Nowadays , everybody has a Mercedes , everybody has a BMW . Now those people who used to buy Mercedes or BMWs try and be a bit different … they need to go somewhere else . ”
Anyone willing to drop more than $ 150,000 on a car likely has a lot of extra cash , but they 're going to need even more in the coming years as ICBC begins to move away from insuring luxury vehicles . Beginning this year , high-end vehicle owners will have to pay more than double the standard rates for basic insurance , and some owners will also have to buy their own damage policies .
blindsay @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/bethanylindsay
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com .
Tip : See my list of the Most Common Mistakes in English . It will teach you how to avoid mis­takes with com­mas , pre­pos­i­tions , ir­reg­u­lar verbs , and much more .
The proper term used in linguistics for the name of a language in that very same language is “ autonym ” ( or “ endonym ” ) , so the correct academic title of this article should have been “ List of European language autonyms ” . There are two issues with such a title : Few people know the word “ autonym ” at all , so the article would be hard to find , and Google autocorrects “ autonym ” to “ antonym ” , making matters even worse .
I hope you will forgive me the funny-looking title and enjoy the following map of European language autonyms :
Do you like the map ? Show your support by sharing it . Sharing with attribution helps me create more maps .
The map is based on my earlier map of European languages , which shows the English names of the same languages . The article explains the methodology I used in more detail , and I recommend reading it first if you have any questions related to the map above .
Please note that when there are two forms of a name that differ only by the inclusion of the word “ language ” , the map shows the more common variant . For example , Polish is called either język polski or polszczyzna , but the former variant is significantly more common than the latter one , so it is the one shown in the map .
They say that a picture is worth a thousand words : it is certainly true for the Burning Man , festival created in 1986 by Larry Harvey and Jerry James , from 1997 organized by Black Rock City , Llc , which annually , in the week before the Labor Day ( the first Monday of September ) gather at Black Rock City , temporary community created over the salt expanse of the Black Rock Desert , in Nevada , thousands of geek managers and creative people from all over the world , eager to prove that they are members of the community “ that matters ” ( according to a urban legend Google does not hire managers who have not been here at least once to participate in the Burning Man ) .
Burning Man through Victor Habchy 's eyes
Yet there are different kinds of pictures : you could try to cover the Burning Man with istant pictures suited to the most important tabloids or to mainstream news sites from all over the world , or si you can try to take pictures taking the mood of the event , as in the case of the photographer Vicktor Habchy who on their site published a selection of the most surreal and dazzling at the same time picturers the world has ever seen of the most beloved party of the American upper class , a party which inspired Philip Rosedale in creating Second Life as they repeatedly stated .
Surreal images in Nevada desert
Judge for yourself through our selection , or visit Vicktor Habchy 's site to watch the complete gallery and of course if you wan na stay up to date , continue to follow Mondivirtuali.it , even through our account on Twitter and our fanpage on Facebook ( but remember : Mondivirtuali is also on Flickr , on Pinterest , on Scoop.it , on Paper.li and also on Youtube ) . Share this article , you will help us to follow always better topics that you are interested in ! !
BAIT and ASICS Tiger have collaboratively released a new iteration of the latter 's popular GEL-Lyte V , titled “ Splash City. ” Made from a premium suede and nubuck , the shoe honors the home of BAIT 's newest store , San Francisco , drawing influences from the Bay Area 's dominant Golden Gate Warriors . The duo 's inaugural cooperative effort , the “ Splash City ” uses a distinctive blue around its toe , heel , and the gradient wave design on its midsole . M3 is also strategically added to accent the athletic company 's iconic gold tiger-stripe . The insole features custom basketball artwork made by BAIT . Limited pairs of the GEL-Lyte V “ Splash City ” will first be available on April 11 at the San Francisco chapter for $ 150 USD , and exclusively online and BAIT stores in the U.S. and Europe following . For more information , visit BAIT .
BAIT San Francisco
3162 16th St .
San Francisco , CA 94103
United States
Author Terry Pratchett Was No Stranger To Death
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rob Wilkins/Courtesy of Doubleday Rob Wilkins/Courtesy of Doubleday
Fantasy author Sir Terry Pratchett was prolific : They wrote more than 70 books , dozens of them about the Discworld — a flat planet borne through space by four elephants on the back of a giant turtle . Pratchett died Thursday at age 66 . They had been suffering from early-onset Alzheimer 's disease .
Pratchett was no stranger to death . The big guy with the scythe and the booming voice was a constant and vital presence in the Discworld books and their screen adaptations . `` HUMAN BEINGS MAKE LIFE SO INTERESTING , '' Death says in Pratchett 's 1996 book Hogfather , and while it 's Death speaking there in their characteristic capitals , that one sentence sums up what was marvelous about Pratchett : They found human beings so interesting .
Few writers were as insightful and just plain good as Pratchett was at winkling out all the secret scraps of human nature and then disguising them as broad comic fantasy .
`` He really had the gift of making fun of human foolishness without being cruel , '' says fantasy author Delia Sherman , who has taught college classes on Pratchett 's work . `` He was just so compassionate , even to the most horrible of their characters . They allowed them to be fully human , even if they were rocks who walked . ''
Pratchett originally wanted to be a journalist . They left school at the age of 17 to write for their local paper , where , among other things , they wrote a series of stories about the tiny people that live in your carpet . The stories became their first novel , The Carpet People . Their first Discworld book , The Color of Magic , came out in 1983 . But their imagination did n't stop at creating an entire world — they wrote books about cats , meditations on JRR Tolkien and , famously , a 1990 collaboration with Neil Gaiman , called Good Omens , about what might have happened if the Antichrist had been raised as an ordinary little boy .
Pratchett was diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer 's disease in 2007 , a situation they referred to with characteristic humor as their `` embuggerance . '' The disease left them unable to read or write , but they soldiered on using special dictation software . It 's really not a problem , they told NPR in 2013 : `` I 'm a bit of a techie anyway , so talking to the computer is no big deal . Sooner or later , everybody talks to their computers ; they say , 'You bastard ! ' ``
After their diagnosis , Pratchett became an inspiration to dementia patients and an advocate for physician-assisted suicide for those suffering terminal illnesses . In 2011 , they told NPR , `` I believe everyone should have a good death . ... The ideal death , I think , is what was the ideal Victorian death : You know , your grandchildren around you , a bit of sobbing — because , after all , tears are appropriate on a death bed — and you say goodbye to your loved ones . ''
According to their publisher , Pratchett had that good death . In the end , they did n't choose assisted suicide , but died of natural causes with their cat asleep on their bed and their family around him .
Republican front-runner Donald Trump has long made the political press corps the subject of criticism and jabs on the campaign trail .
But he 's escalated that criticism in recent days -- now going as far as to say that if elected he 'd change the country 's libel laws so reporters could be sued more easily for negative stories .
`` One of the things I 'm going to do , is I 'm going to open up the libel laws , '' they told a rally in Radford , Va. , on Monday . `` We 're not going to do anything with freedom of the press . Freedom of the press is vital -- it 's important , it 's a cleansing system , it 's totally something we ca n't touch . But when people write incorrectly about you and you can prove that they wrote incorrectly , we 're going to get them through the court system to change and we 're going to get them to pay damages . ''
Trump first made reference to their plans on libel laws late last week , at a rally in Texas , calling out in particular the New York Times and the Washington Post . `` We 're going to open up those libel laws . So when The New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total disgrace or when The Washington Post , which is there for other reasons , writes a hit piece , we can sue them and win money instead of having no chance of winning because they 're totally protected , '' they said .
Currently , in order to win a libel suit against a media organization , a public figure ( including elected officials and politicians ) must prove that the reportedly false information was published with `` actual malice , '' meaning the information was published with the knowledge that it was false or with `` reckless disregard '' for the truth . In other words , there 's a high bar for public figures -- as opposed to private citizens -- to win a libel suit .
`` And you know what 's going to happen ? You 're going to see a much more honest press and you 're going to see a press , frankly , that you 're going to respect a lot more and you 'll read , '' Trump said Monday in Virginia . People do n't read the press anymore , and I do n't either . ''
They saved particular criticism for the political press corps , many of whom they said are `` absolute sleaze . ''
`` The political press is the worst , the worst of all . Fifty percent of them are absolute sleaze . Okay ? Absolute sleaze . Twenty-five percent are okay , do n't care , do their job .... You have 10 percent that are outstanding . ''
A day after losing the Senate race in Alabama to Democrat Doug Jones , Republican candidate Roy Moore has issued a new statement refusing to concede the election until completion of the final count . But it was n't your typical post-election statement .
It was a four-minute fire-and-brimstone video about abortion , same-sex marriage , school prayer , sodomy and “ the right of a man to claim to be a woman and vice versa . ”
“ We are indeed in a struggle to preserve our republic , our civilization and our religion and to set free a suffering humanity , ” Moore said . “ Today , we no longer recognize the universal truth that God is the author of our life and liberty . Abortion , sodomy and materialism have taken the place of life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . ”
In the video issued by the campaign Wednesday evening , Moore said their campaign is still waiting for the official vote count from Alabama officials . They did not say they would necessarily seek a recount , for which their campaign would have to pay unless the margin turned out to be within half a percentage point . Alabama Secretary of State John Merrill has called it “ highly unlikely ” that Jones would not be certified as the winner .
1 of 76 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Doug Jones defeats Roy Moore for the U.S. Senate seat from Alabama View Photos Republican Roy Moore , who has been accused of sexual misconduct , faced off against Democrat Doug Jones in a special election . Caption Republican Roy Moore , who has been accused of sexual misconduct , faced off against Democrat Doug Jones in a special election . Jabin Botsford Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Moore , in their statement , framed the election as not just a political contest but also a dire ideological battle for “ the heart and soul of our country . ”
“ In this race , ” they said , returning to more mundane matters , “ we have not received the final count to include military and provisional ballots , ” they said . “ This has been a very close race , and we are awaiting certification by the secretary of state . ”
On Tuesday , Alabama voters elected Jones with 50 percent of the vote to Moore 's 48 percent in a special election to fill the Senate seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions .
The margin between the final votes was larger than the required 0.5 percentage point for an automatic recount in Alabama . Moore was widely expected to win the race — until allegations of sexual misconduct emerged in reports from The Washington Post . A Democrat has not held a U.S. Senate seat from Alabama since 1997 , when Howell Heflin left office after deciding not to run for reelection .
On NBC 's “ Today ” show on Thursday , Jones offered a blunt message to their former rival : “ It 's time to move on . ”
“ We have stopped prayer in our schools , ” Moore said in their statement . “ We have killed over 60 million of our unborn children . We have redefined marriage and destroyed the basis of family , which is the building block of our country . Our borders are not secure . Our economy is faltering under an enormous national debt . We have a huge drug problem . We have even begun to recognize the right of a man to claim to be a woman , and vice versa . We have allowed judges and justices to rule over our Constitution , and we have become slaves to their tyranny . Immorality sweeps over our land . ”
Moore briefly nodded to the allegations of sexual misconduct — allegations they have denied — in their message to supporters . “ Even our political process has been affected with baseless and false allegations , which have become more relevant than the issues which affect our country , ” Moore said . “ This election was tainted by over $ 50 million from outside groups who want to retain power and their corrupt ideology . ”
The Republican defeat in a deep-red state was seen in part as a loss for President Trump , who , after backing Moore 's primary opponent , put their support behind the former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice . Moore , backed by close Trump ally Stephen K. Bannon , said in their statement that Trump 's election opened “ a window of hope and an opportunity that we could return to our founding principles . ”
More from Morning Mix :
‘ We did n't do it for you ' : Black women sound off on ‘ saving America ' from Roy Moore
Tavis Smiley talk show suspended by PBS amid misconduct allegations
‘ Super Size Me ' director Morgan Spurlock wonders ‘ when will they come for me ' and confesses sexual misdeeds
Joe Biden on Anita Hill 's sexual-harassment testimony : ‘ I owe them an apology '
The Cincinnati Bengals have some tough decisions to make this offseason with the number of key free agents they have .
But to this point , there 's been few indications as to which free agents the Bengals are making the biggest priority to re-sign this offseason . You could make good cases for Marvin Jones , George Iloka , Reggie Nelson , Adam Jones or even Leon Hall to be near the top of Cincy 's wish list to lock up .
Now , Bengals.com 's Geoff Hobson is reporting that Adam and Marvin Jones are the two guys Cincinnati are prioritizing to get re-signed .
`` But all signs are that the Bengals are going to go all out to re-sign their two most high-profile free agents in starting wide receiver Marvin Jones and starting cornerback Adam Jones when the games begin March 7 , '' Hobson writes .
This is the first occurrence of Adam Jones being mentioned formally at or near the top of the Bengals ' priority free agents . Their age ( 32 ) makes it hard to project how much longer he 'll play at a high level .
But for a team looking to win now , getting them back after they were one of the NFL 's best corners last year should be a priority . Getting them back gives the Bengals both of their starting boundary corners back to go with Darqueze Dennard moving into the slot , a role they played well in last year .
That 's not all Hobson is hearing . They subtly hint at Mohamed Sanu not being back midway through the article , saying , `` Slot receiver Mohamed Sanu has already made it known via sources he 's not re-signing . ''
It 's not clear if that 's what Hobson is hearing on their own or he 's piggybacking off an earlier offseason report that Sanu was all but done with the Bengals .
Ironically and probably not by coincidence , the man who originally reported Sanu was leaving just happens to be Fox Sports ' Alex Marvez , who Hobson interviewed this weekend at the NFL Scouting Combine . When asked about Sanu , Marvez continued to suggest Sanu is done in the Queen City , but that may help Marvin Jones return .
`` Mohamed Sanu , you may as well just say goodbye Bengals fans . He 's not coming back , so they 're going to be able to get Marvin Jones re-done . ''
That makes perfect sense with Jones likely to command a sizable contract , and you can only spend so much money at one position . A.J . Green is eating up $ 15 million per year , so it 's pretty much certain that the Bengals wo n't re-sign Jones and Sanu . This news also comes after Sanu just proposed to their long-time girlfriend on Sunday , and they of course said yes .
The only bad thing about going all out for Marvin Jones is that if the Bengals miss out on re-signing him , it looks like they wo n't be able to turn around and make a bigger push for Sanu , so it 's essentially a Marvin-or-nothing scenario .
As close to a Super Bowl contender as this Bengals team is , the 'nothing ' scenario would be a tough pill to swallow .
Brothers in India burned their sister alive after they married a man in a different caste ( social class ) in the nation 's most recent honor killing .
Rama Kunwar , 30 , returned to their village after an eight-year absence . They eloped with their husband and hoped their family would accept him .
Kunwar belongs to the Rajput caste , which means “ son of a king. ” They believe their descendants come from the “ ruling Hindu warrior classes of North India. ” Them husband belongs to the Brahman caste , which specializes in teaching .
“ She thought that their parents would now accept them but as soon as their brothers came to know that they were in the village , they rushed to that house and dragged them out , ” explained Brijran Singh , a senior administrative officer of Dungarpur district . “ She cried for help but no one came to rescue them They also conducted the funeral on the same night to destroy evidence . ”
The police arrested their brothers and six cousins on Saturday .
Kunwar 's mother-in-law Kalawati filed a complaint with the police about the incident . They reached Kunwar and put out the fire . Kalawati told officials the couple lived with their three-year-old daughter . They took their child to meet Kalawati on March 3 . They then decided to visit Kunwar 's family . From The Hudistan Times :
On March 4 , when Kalawti , their younger son and daughter-in-law , and Rameshwari were sitting in the compound , Lakshman came with around 30 other people and dragged Rameshwari outside to a spot near the temple , poured kerosene on them and set them on fire . Ravi Shankar , ASI at Aspur police station , said they got a phone call on the night of March 4 that a woman had been burnt . Police reached the village and investigated the matter . Police are questioning others and more arrests are likely , said Shankar .
In January , a family killed their daughter and son-in-law after they married without the family 's permission . Five masked men hacked the couple to death with knives and axes in the middle of the night .
Last May , a 30-year-old man and 16-year-old girl eloped without their family 's permission . From NDTV :
A 30-year-old man and the girl , 16 , were allegedly dragged to a square by 20 of the girl 's relatives and thrashed publicly before being killed . Others in the village allegedly watched and chose not to stop them . No one called the police either ; the incident was reported by a neighbouring village . The man was allegedly married and a father of three children , and used to come to the village frequently to visit theirs in-laws . That is how they had reportedly met the teenager .
The relatives lynched and burned the couple alive .
India 's Supreme Court ruled that courts can sentence those responsible for honor killings to death . They demanded local governments “ stamp out ” the honor killings and warned officials they will prosecute anyone “ who fail to deal with the practice . ”
All these years , nobody wanted to buy a Broadway legend . Charlie 's , a last of its kind Capitol Hill hangout that had been perpetually on the market in recent years , will close later this month , employees of the 39-year-old restaurant are saying .
Charlie 's owner Ken Bauer said they could not confirm the closure Tuesday afternoon but would be able to say more about the situation later this week . The Hill 's social network has spread the word in the meantime . The Facebook and Twitter lamentations for decades of pool tables , reasonable prices , and unreasonably late nights run thick .
UPDATE 6/17/2015 9:15 AM : The restaurant will close Pride weekend , according to a statement :
Sorry to announce that after 39 years we will be shutting outdoors . Our last day will be either Saturday or Sunday pride weekend so please come in and say farewell to our awesome family
Bauer and business partner Charles Quinn opened Charlie 's in 1976 and survived through the changes on Broadway mostly by not changing . Open 9 AM to 2 AM every day , Charlie 's still featured cheap steak nights and “ cozy booths ” even as Broadway sprouted six-story developments , craft cocktail bars , and a light rail station . Gasp — there are even places to park behind the 217 Broadway E restaurant . Sadly , CHS never tried the Philadelphia Pepper Pot Soup .
After Quinn died and as the end of Charlie 's 10-year lease approached , Bauer and wife Christine had put the “ bar and grill ” on the market . CHS wrote about the attempt to sell in 2010 . At that time , it was listed for just a little more than $ 385,000 . Bauer said they were looking forward to stepping away from the seven-day-a-week schedule but that running Charlie 's had been a labor of love . “ If we do n't sell , I 've always told friends I hope they carry me out of here feet first , ” Bauer told CHS at the time .
CHS also asked Bauer this week if a sale was imminent but they declined to comment , again , and said they would need a few more days before they could say more .
“ I 've always told my employees ‘ Everything is for sale , ' ” Bauer told CHS in 2010 .
Chamber of Commerce to Spend $ 100 Million To Target `` Right-Wing '' Tea Party Congressmen Because Corporate Welfare is as American as graft . Roll Call : Roll Call : The Chamber of Commerce has reportedly budgeted $ 100 million to destroy the Tea Party this election cycle and news of the chamber�s plans came not-so-coincidentally days after House Speaker Rep. John Boehner ( R-OH ) announced that they would be resigning from Congress . As Roll Call noted , the chamber�s `` top targets in 2016 will be right-wing , tea party candidates '' and its ultimate goal is to reportedly win back `` the soul of the Republican Party '' for the GOP establishment establishment by helping elect more moderate candidates `` in contested primaries to strengthen their hand during policy debates on the Hill . '' Apparently `` the soul of the party '' is all about the Ex-Im Bank , ethanol subsidies , and growing government . Apparently `` the soul of the party '' is all about the Ex-Im Bank , ethanol subsidies , and growing government . More : I missed the more-topical news hook here , which is that the Chamber of Commerce is specifically threatening to primary I missed the more-topical news hook here , which is that the Chamber of Commerce is specifically threatening to primary any Freedom Caucus members who oppose Paul Ryan as Speaker . Posted by : Ace at 01:46 PM
MuNuvians MeeNuvians Polls ! Polls ! Polls ! Frequently Asked Questions The ( Almost ) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens The Greatest Hitjobs News/Chat
Bernie Sanders clinched an impressive victory in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday night . And they celebrated the win with jump shots .
While voters await victory speeches at the # NHPrimary , @ SenSanders plays basketball with their sons and grandkids.https : //t.co/A96I00Gl1J — Fox News ( @ FoxNews ) February 10 , 2016
Somewhere , Tim Duncan is probably nodding along in approval at the form of those jumpers off the glass . Sanders is apparently a bucket making machine , drilling shot after shot . Were they long shots ? No . But Sanders is all about a lot of small donations over big contributions so their efficiency in short shots should come as no surprise .
Not only will Sanders never give the rock up in a game of make-it , take-it , he 'll also demand the ball , even while playing with their grandchildren .
Watch Bernie Sanders shoot some hoops with their grandkids while they waited for # NHPrimary polls to close.https : //t.co/qAN3NaNOjg — NBC News ( @ NBCNews ) February 10 , 2016
If Sanders wins the presidency , maybe they and President Obama can play a game of one-on-one before giving over the White House keys .
Well , it seems like worst case estimates of how much oil is pouring out into the Gulf of Mexico is coming to pass . According to independent analysis of the footage released by BP , NPR reports that there are more than 70,000 barrels a day ( that 's 2.94 million gallons ) flowing from the wreckage of the Deepwater Horizon . Official NOAA estimates place the amount of gushing oil at a figure ten times lower , and initial independent analysis placed it five times lower .
What this means is that the most popular emotional touchstone spill in the US , the Exxon Valdez and its 11 million gallons , was surpassed by the Deepwater Horizon nearly two weeks ago -- assuming a constant rate of flow .
One Month More To Become Second Worst Spill in History
Comparing this rate of flow to the Ixtoc 1 spill in the Gulf back in 1980 ( the second worst spill in history ) . That dumped 100 million gallons . Again assuming a constant rate of flow and this estimate being correct , we have 34 days before the Ixtoc 1 is surpassed .
It would take nearly six months of uninterrupted flow for the Deepwater Horizon to release more oil than the 520 million gallons intentionally dumped by Saddam Hussein in 1991 in an attempt to slow the invasion of Iraq by American troops .
Read more : Raw Story , NPR
Like this ? Follow me on Twitter and Facebook .
More on the BP Oil Spill :
First Underwater Images of the Gulf Oil Leak ( What BP Wo n't Show You )
What are BP 's Options to Stop the Oil Leaks ? What are the Chances of Success ?
US Army to Turn Gulf Spill Oil Into Asphalt With Experimental Chemical ( Video )
Find the perfect partner . Search broadcast , interactive , print , radio , experiential companies and more . Search Search Deeplocal Pittsburg , Pennsylvania
Made for and by folks working
at the world 's creative agencies .
Read the latest post from our blog »
Partner Spotlight – Digitaland
How It Works VendorDB 101 . Easier than community college . Browse our comprehensive database . It 's 100 % free . Search by company name , region , job type or browse by category to find the right provider for your needs . Sign in with your LinkedIn , Facebook or Google account . Authenticating with social identities helps keep our ratings and reviews professional and trustworthy . Read reviews from industry peers or write your own . Get to know a company before you send them an RFP or help others by sharing your experience with the industry .
In April 2012 , Turkish Minister of Foreign Affairs Ahmet Davutoglu authored a paper that was to be the basis for Turkey 's Arab Spring doctrine — a “ values-based foreign policy ” for a region in flux . Davutoglu articulated an interventionist approach according to which Turkey would pursue greater regional integration and encourage representative democracy . They also repeated a central theme from their book , Strategic Depth , pledging that Turkey would work to avoid “ new tensions and polarizations ” in the region , particularly along sectarian and political lines .
Three years later , the positive vision of Davutoglu 's manifesto seems jarring , and nowhere more so than in neighboring Syria . Turkey has gone to incredible lengths to assist Syrian civilians in need , and it has cultivated ties with an array of political and military actors in the Syrian opposition . Yet Turkey has also invested heavily in rebel allies that both reject democracy and espouse extreme sectarianism . In particular , Turkey has developed a close relationship with Ahrar al-Sham , a Salafist rebel movement that espouses a Syrian focus , but also has roots in global jihadism and maintains close ties with Syrian al-Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusrah . Aside from the Islamic State , Ahrar is now the single strongest rebel force in Syria . Turkey 's role in supporting Ahrar illustrates how Turkey has compromised its ambitious policy goals in Syria and raises questions about Ankara 's reported planned intervention in Aleppo to carve out a “ safe zone ” along its border with Syria .
Turkey changed its approach to the Syrian conflict in late 2011 after concluding that Bashar al-Assad 's hold on power had waned and that their overthrow was imminent . Up until then , Ankara had adopted a cautious approach to the budding insurgency , owing to Turkey 's growing trade relationship with Syria and concerns that the collapse of the Syrian government would empower the most powerful Kurdish political group inside Syria , the Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) , and result in millions of refugees fleeing for Turkey . The PYD is linked to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) , a U.S. and Turkish-designated terror group that has waged an insurgency against the Turkish state since 1984 with the hope of achieving greater autonomy for Turkish Kurds .
Turkey first sought to pressure Assad to make cosmetic political changes to appease the initial Syrian protest movement , but escalating state violence led Ankara to break relations with Damascus in September 2011 . Turkey then began working to hasten Assad 's overthrow through a dual-pronged policy : Politically , Ankara sought to empower the Syrian political opposition-in-exile , and the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood in particular ; militarily , Turkey partnered with Qatar — and , to a lesser extent , other Gulf states — to support Syrian rebels . Ahrar became a major beneficiary of Turkish policy , receiving weapons and political support throughout the conflict . Ankara has allowed the group to base inside Turkish territory and to have freedom of movement in the country 's two largest cities , Istanbul and Ankara .
Ahrar has evolved from several dozen men from rural northwest Syria to a country-spanning “ movement. ” Ahrar 's scope of activities — including military brigades , political offices , and relief operations — makes the group difficult to define neatly . It has English-speaking political officials happy to reach out to the West , as well as more hardline commanders and ideologues who grew up in global jihadism and never really left . An Ahrar fighter might be a true believer , or they might just be a conservative mountain villager who joined because their cousins did . Syrian civilians often describe Ahrar members as religious , but also reluctant to impose themselves on others . The leadership has a reputation for being more politically savvy than other rebels — as a group with which you can engage and negotiate — which may explain Ankara 's support for the group .
Still , Ahrar 's stated political project is defined and exclusive : toppling the Assad regime and establishing an Islamic state in Syria . The group has expressed an openness to broader political participation — a legislature-like body that would implement an Islamic constitution , for example . Yet it has been emphatic that it is unwilling to compromise on its basic principles , including that “ democracy ” as such is off the table and the ( Sunni ) Islamic character of the state is non-negotiable .
The United States has been reluctant to engage or support the group because of its links with the global jihadist movement , and Nusrah in particular . Ahrar allegedly went as far as to provide Nusrah with material support after the April 2013 establishment of the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) , when many of Nusrah 's fighters joined with ISIL and took Nusrah 's bases and material with them . More recently , it was Ahrar and Nusrah that formed the dual core of Jeish al-Fath ( the Army of Conquest ) , a coalition of northern Islamist and jihadist rebels . With Turkish backing , Jeish al-Fath recently drove the regime 's military from most of its remaining redoubts in northwest Syria 's Idlib governorate , a mountainous , mostly rural province adjacent to Turkey and proximate to the regime 's coastal stronghold .
Thanks in part to Turkey , Idlib is now almost completely free of the Assad regime , making the province a test for northern rebel governance and Turkey 's Syria policy . To be sure , governance in Idlib , as in other rebel-held areas , faces an impossible set of challenges . Chief among them is the regime 's relentless aerial bombing , a constant threat of random death that prevents the resumption of normal life . Some civilian relief workers and municipal employees have nonetheless remained to deliver humanitarian assistance and heroically undertake what would otherwise be banal tasks such as holding town hall meetings , fixing electricity lines , and maintaining water pumps .
But real power in Idlib sits with rebel and jihadist factions , which mostly concern themselves with law and justice : maintaining security and backing two competing systems of Islamic courts with overlapping jurisdictions . Ahrar and other rebels are behind the multilateral Idlib Islamic Commission , while Jabhat al-Nusrah and its ultra-extreme splinter Jund al-Aqsa have backed “ Dar al-Qada ” ( the Judiciary ) . The Islamic Commission applies Islamic law but avoids some of its more extreme manifestations , including the implementation of hudoud punishments such the amputation of hands . Nusrah 's Dar al-Qada courts , meanwhile , have become notorious for harsh , controversial rulings : for example , executing women in the street for prostitution . But these courts also have real writ to an extent the Islamic Commission courts do not because they have motivated Nusrah and Jund members ready to kill for them .
Ahrar 's members are now the relative moderates in Idlib , in part because more nationalist rebel groups have either been dismantled or put under the jihadists ' thumb . Syrian members of Ahrar are often unhappy to see interlopers imposing an alien version of Islam on their friends and neighbors , and it is Ahrar to whom civilians look to protect them from jihadist excesses .
Yet Ahrar shoulders some of the blame for those same jihadists now running amok . For example , Ahrar reportedly played a key role in inviting jihadist foreign fighters into the Syrian jihad . And the most dramatic excesses typically come not from Ahrar itself , but rather from out-of-control jihadist allies that fight alongside the group . When rebels took the Armenian Christian border town of Kasab — reportedly after Turkey allowed them to use its territory to outflank the Syrian regime — it seems it was Nusrah and other jihadists , not Ahrar , who smashed crosses and desecrated churches . A similar dynamic was on display more recently as Jeish al-Fath , the Ahrar- and Nusrah-led coalition , swept down Idlib province . Jeish al-Fath is backed by Turkey and also includes relative Islamist moderates like Feilaq al-Sham , yet it has also brought with it Jund al-Aqsa , whose members seem to largely be psychopathic ISIL sympathizers .
Ahrar 's reputation for relative moderation requires one to view the group almost exclusively from a Sunni Arab vantage point . In fact , Ahrar has played a key role in feeding sectarian and ethnic polarization in Syria , helping Assad maintain their support among religious and ethnic minorities . Ahrar was one of the first rebel groups to unapologetically cast Syria 's revolution as a sectarian war : Now-deceased Ahrar chief Hassan Abboud used their first Al Jazeera interview in 2013 to frame the war in terms of a region-spanning sectarian conflict against not just a “ Shi ' a Crescent , ” but a “ Safavid sickle . ”
And it was Ahrar and Nusrah — later Ahrar , Nusrah , and ISIL — that formed a sort of multi-headed jihadist monster fighting in eastern Syria against the PYD 's militia , the Kurdish Peoples ' Protection Units ( YPG ) . It was fear of these Arab jihadists that drove Syria 's Kurdish minority to coalesce around the PYD for political representation and the YPG for protection . Ankara seems to have used Ahrar ( and , indirectly , its jihadist allies ) as a political and military counterweight to the PYD/YPG , keeping what Turkey views as a grave Kurdish terrorist threat bottled up in a few disconnected cantons . Yet it is now clear that this strategy has only empowered the group Turkey sought to marginalize .
Recently , the Kurds — with Western air support — broke out of these cantons and took what had been considered non-Kurdish or mixed areas across much of Syria 's north . Ankara now wants to ensure that the Kurds do n't push west across the Euphrates into ISIL-held east Aleppo , which would position the YPG to drive on to northwest Aleppo 's Kurdish enclave of Afrin and establish a Kurdish statelet along most of Turkey 's Syrian border .
Ankara has been pushing instead for non-Kurdish rebels — also backed by American airstrikes — to drive ISIL from the area . Turkey has been working assiduously to convince the United States to impose a no-fly zone over Syria , and it had previously refused the United States access to Incirlik Air Base until its demands were met . After nine months of U.S.–Turkey haggling ( accelerated by a dramatic ISIL-linked suicide bombing in the Turkish city of Suruc ) , the two countries reached an agreement to base American strike aircraft in Turkey . Ankara is also reportedly moving forward with its east Aleppo “ de facto safe zone , ” an area that the implied threat of Turkish force will turn into an effective air-exclusion zone . This area would deny ISIS its last land border with Turkey and allow Syrian refugees to return without fear of bombing — and it would also situate Turkish-allied rebel forces on the western edge of PYD/YPG territory , thus coincidentally preventing the YPG from pushing further west .
There have been conflicting reports about what sort of agreement ( if any ) the United States and Turkey have reached on this eastern Aleppo safe zone , and what role that agreement allows for Ahrar . Some sources have said the United States and Turkey agreed to exclude both Ahrar and Nusrah from the zone , while others have reported the opposite , that Ahrar will have a role and may in fact be Turkey 's leading rebel partner on the ground . U.S. officials , for their part , have indicated that the makeup of the “ hold force ” in eastern Aleppo is still being discussed with Turkey .
For now , though , Ahrar appears involved and ready to expand its role in the area . While Nusrah seems to have surrendered its north Aleppo positions along the ISIL line to more moderate rebels , Ahrar has remained in place opposite ISIL in the northern Aleppo countryside . Ahrar is thus positioned to drive east alongside a Turkey-backed offensive . Ahrar has effusively praised both Turkey and the safe zone and is already advertising a new push against ISIL positions in the area .
A prominent role for Ahrar would seem to run counter to American preferences , and it would also raise questions about the Syrian opposition proto-state Ankara is trying to foster along its border . If Ahrar assumes military leadership in eastern Aleppo , does that also mean that Ahrar sets the terms for rebel governance ? Before ISIL swept in , after all , Ahrar had deep roots in the area . ( Its current commander , Hashem al-Sheikh , hails from the eastern Aleppo town of Maskanah . ) Moreover , if Ahrar advances east , will Nusrah really keep its distance indefinitely ? Or will it bide its time before following Ahrar ?
The United States may be willing to open a discreet dialogue with Ahrar in the coming months , but Ahrar 's aspirations remain , at base , incompatible with American aims . For Turkey , though , Ahrar is still an attractive partner : strong , effective , and politically capable . Ankara has worked closely enough with Ahrar — empowering the group not just as a fighting force , but also as a political actor — that Ankara has assumed a degree of ownership over Ahrar 's overarching political project . As Turkey prepares for a major escalation of its role in Syria , it remains to be seen whether Turkey will rely on its Ahrar partner in eastern Aleppo , and if so , whether Ahrar can keep full-bore jihadists out of Turkey 's new safe zone . Otherwise , Turkey may inadvertently be building an Aleppo that looks a lot like Idlib .
Sam Heller is a Washington-based writer and analyst focused on Syria . Follow them on Twitter : @ AbuJamajem .
Aaron Stein is a Nonresident Fellow with the Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East , a Doctoral Fellow at the Geneva Center for Security Policy , and an Associate Fellow at the Royal United Services Institute in London . Follow them on Twitter : @ aaronstein1 .
LONDON , Dec 27 ( Reuters ) - Francois Cevert had the most piercing blue eyes , the presence of a movie star and a Gallic charm that melted hearts wherever they went .
Those eyes , that gaze glimpsed through the visor slit of a 1970s helmet , are still haunting in the Formula One documentary ‘ 1 ; Life on the Limit ' due to be released in selected British cinemas in January and then further afield .
A pitlane heart-throb , the Parisian was a hero of more carefree times - one moment escorting Brigitte Bardot or playing the concert piano and the next risking their lives in the most dangerous and glamorous of arenas .
More than a decade before Alain Prost captured their first title in 1985 , it was Cevert - Jackie Stewart 's friend and teammate at Tyrrell - who had seemed destined to become France 's first world champion .
Instead , at the age of just 29 , they died in qualifying for the 1973 U.S. Grand Prix at Watkins Glen .
The sense of what might have been , the waste of so much young talent in those ‘ golden ' years when sex was safe and motor racing frequently fatal , hangs over the film without sensationalism , recrimination or gratuitous gore .
“ We all know , every one of us , that death is in our contract , ” Cevert had declared earlier in their career . They knew the risks , loved the sport , lived - and died - for racing .
The story of Formula One combines both horror and heroism , evident in the archive footage , and in later years has focused on the fight to reduce the carnage and improve safety as attitudes common enough in the immediate decades after World War Two began to change .
‘ 1 ' has been long in the making , with a preview shown in Austin last year during the first grand prix weekend at the Texas track and then at this year 's London Film Festival , but the timing looks right .
Anyone who has seen ‘ Rush ' , the Ron Howard movie with Daniel Bruhl playing Niki Lauda to Chris Hemsworth 's James Hunt , will be familiar with the dramatic 1976 season and the Austrian 's comeback from a near-fatal crash at the Nuerburgring .
The same applies to fans of ‘ Senna ' , the multiple award-winning film about the life and death of Brazilian triple champion Ayrton Senna .
The latest documentary complements the previous two films , connecting storylines and filling in the background with the drama provided by original footage .
ARCHIVE FOOTAGE
Narrated by German-Irish actor Michael Fassbender , star of ‘ X-Men ' and ‘ Inglourious Basterds ' , and directed by Paul Crowder , ‘ 1 ' charts Formula One 's progress from 1950s insouciance to the modern era where drivers expect to walk away from big crashes .
It includes interviews with Stewart , Stirling Moss , Mario Andretti , Jacky Ickx , Lauda and Nigel Mansell as well as more recent racers Lewis Hamilton , Sebastian Vettel and Michael Schumacher .
Formula One 's 83-year-old commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone and Max Mosley , former president of the governing International Automobile Federation ( FIA ) , also have their say as key players in the battle to improve safety and men who lost friends along the way .
While younger audiences may not be familiar with the history , the fascination for the committed F1 fan lies in the archive material .
We see Jim Clark at home in rural Scotland and witness the shock and confusion on the faces of spectators in the Hockenheim grandstand in 1968 when their death was announced over tinny loudspeakers before flags were lowered .
There is the tear gently rolling down the cheek of Professor Sid Watkins , who died in 2012 , as the eminent neurosurgeon and F1 doctor recalls their last conversation with Senna .
There is the poignancy of Austrian Jochen Rindt , the only posthumous world champion , asking their wife shortly before their death at Monza in 1970 what one thing they would wish for .
“ For you to stop racing , ” they reply .
Then there is Cevert . The camera follows Colin Chapman , the Lotus team boss who was already no stranger to fatalities in their own cars , pacing anxiously in the pitlane as they sought information from others about the Oct. 6 accident .
“ Cevert ? Bloody Hell , ” they sigh .
Stewart did not compete the next day , or ever again in Formula One . They had already decided to quit as champion , with Cevert - who had not been told of the plans - set to take over as Tyrrell number one .
“ We arranged to send flowers to their mother and to their grave on that date of every year that followed , until they passed away , ” the Scot , who likened the Frenchman to a younger brother , wrote in their autobiography ‘ Winning is not enough ' .
The triple champion has continued to do so ever since .
FLYING SHUNT
Many others had been mourned already , including promising young Briton Roger Williamson who died earlier in 1973 after a fiery crash at Zandvoort in the Netherlands .
The footage of that accident , with the driver trapped in the flaming upside-down wreck while David Purley struggles in vain to rescue them while the race carried on , remains stomach-churning 40 years on . The viewer is spared nothing .
How much has changed since Senna 's death in 1994 is emphasised by the opening shots of Martin Brundle running down the pitlane after a terrifying , flying shunt in Melbourne in 1996 that broke their Jordan in two .
They were unscathed , getting back in a spare for the re-start .
A generation of drivers has now grown up that has never suffered the loss of one of their own at a racetrack , nor started a season wondering whose funeral they might be attending before the year was out .
But there can be no complacency even now , with 2014 marking the 20th anniversary of the last driver fatality ( Senna ) . As Mosley , who started the same Formula Two race in which Clark was killed , observes quietly : “ One is always haunted by the past. ” ( Editing by Ed Osmond )
On their 100th day in office , next Friday , the government could be shut down , which would be a fitting metaphor . And , with no movement on health care , infrastructure , and tax reform , Trump will almost certainly hit that milestone without a legislative accomplishment . Considering that their signature executive orders have been both horrific and blocked by courts , and that their young presidency has largely been defined by infighting and incompetence , Trump is facing a rash of negative press coverage—and what will likely go down as one of the least effective first 100 days in presidential history . Their team is very well aware of this and it has spent the last week trying to get ahead of the negative coverage with spin . On Friday , Trump tried their hand at making the case that , actually , everything is fine :
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days , & it has been a lot ( including S.C. ) , media will kill ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) April 21 , 2017
This tweet characteristically tries to have it both ways : The first 100 days is silly ! But also I 've done so much ! To an extent , he 's not wrong on the first count : The first 100 days is a pretty silly construct . ( Why not 50 days ? Or 150 ? ) But , as I wrote yesterday , it is a pretty good measure of an administration 's momentum and how well it utilizes the political capital it earned in the election—and by both of those standards , Trump 's first 100 days have been historically bad .
Trump points to their only real accomplishment , which is barely an accomplishment at all—Trump 's justice would 've been confirmed so long as they did n't nominate Omarosa . ( Furthermore , Republicans had to blow up the filibuster to do it . ) That 's not to say that confirming Neil Gorsuch is n't huge—he could be on the Supreme Court for the next four decades , retiring only when the average global temperature has hit 113 degrees and we all live under the dome . But it also underscores how little Trump has gotten done and how desperate the administration is to suggest otherwise .
'Year Zero ' one step closer to TV screens
The concept album turned HBO television show , Year Zero by Nine-Inch Nails , has finally found a writer in the form of Fight Club screenwriter Jim Uhls .
Uhls , who adapted the novel Fight Club , written by Chuck Palahniuk , will be the second collaborator from the 1999 cult film to work with NIN ‘ s frontman Trent Reznor after the singer worked on the score for The Social Network by Fight Club director David Fincher .
The project , announced last year , has been stuck in development while a suitable writer was found .
The plot of Year Zero centres around a future dystopia where a Christian fundamentalist government rules the United States by force , licensing everything from births to marriages .
In the show , those that present any independent thought or dissent are “ disappeared ” .
Year Zero marks the first major move into dramatic fiction writing for Trent Reznor and their band .
They are currently re-teaming with David Fincher on the score for The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo . Earlier this year Reznor won the Academy Award for Best Score for their work on the story of the founding of Facebook , The Social Network .
Journalists investigating the deaths of Russian soldiers that news reports claimed were killed during Russia 's alleged involvement in Ukraine 's conflict have been targeted in a series of attacks since late August , according to a press freedom group . Russia has denied that its soldiers were involved in the conflict , but journalists who spoke to the Committee to Protect Journalists said the attacks , mostly by unknown assailants , began after they tried to investigate the mysterious deaths of Russian soldiers .
According to Glasnost Defense Foundation ( GDF ) , the Moscow-based press freedom group , attacks on local and international journalists covering the story have spiked . In at least five cases in August , GDF documented threats , arbitrary detentions , denial of access to public information , use of violence , and physical assaults . Many attacks took place in Pskov region , home to Russia 's famous 76th Guards Air Assault Division ( paratroopers ) .
In the most recent case , journalists from BBC 's Moscow bureau were physically assaulted , and had equipment damaged , and files tampered with in the southern Russian city of Astrakhan on Thursday , the broadcaster said in a statement . The crew , including reporter Steve Rosenberg , were reporting on the funeral of a Russian soldier who , local media reported , had been killed in eastern Ukraine under unclear circumstances . After finishing their assignment the crew were followed by three men who beat the cameraman , and smashed and stole the camera , the BBC said .
In a statement the BBC , which has lodged a formal complaint with Russian authorities , said : `` The team was then taken to a police station for four hours of questioning after which they discovered that recording equipment -- which was in their vehicle , at the police station -- had been electronically wiped . '' The BBC has asked Russian authorities to investigate the attack , which it said was `` clearly part of a coordinated attempt to stop accredited news journalists reporting a legitimate news story . '' News reports said that regional police opened an inquiry into the incident , but classified it as robbery - not an obstruction to journalism .
The attacks started after the independent newspaper Pskovskaya Guberniya , published a series of reports claiming members of 76th Division had been deployed secretly to eastern Ukraine , and had been actively involved in the conflict with pro-Russia separatists . Russia denies the claims . On August 29 , the newspaper 's publisher , Lev Shlosberg , who is also a politician with the opposition party Yabloko , was the victim of a vicious attack that they said was in retaliation for their paper 's investigation into the deaths of Russian paratroopers in Ukraine . In a series of reports , the newspaper alleged that up to 100 soldiers from Pskov were killed in eastern Ukraine in August . It cited paratroopers from 76th Division who had asked the paper not to name them . Authorities denied the allegations .
Speaking to CPJ from their hospital bed , where they were recovering from head injuries , Shlosberg said that a few days after the reports were published , unidentified assailants approached them from behind , knocked them to the ground with a blow to their head , and pummeled him . They lost consciousness . News reports said Shlosberg was attacked on their way to a late-night meeting with their reporter , Aleksei Semyonov , whom they were supposed to give sensitive information about their findings on the deaths .
Semyonov found Shlosberg after the assault , and published their account of the events , including the paper 's investigation into Russian soldiers ' deaths . According to Semyonov 's account , before the assault Shlosberg had attended the funeral in Pskov of Leonid Kichatkin , a paratrooper believed to be killed in eastern Ukraine . At the funeral several men in uniform had scuffled with the publisher , according to Semyonov .
Although Shlosberg did not want to comment on the inquiry authorities started into their attack , or speculate about dangers their paper may face over its reporting , they told CPJ there was `` no doubt that the motive of the attack was their reporting [ on the paratroopers ' illegal deployment to Ukraine ] and not their work in the regional parliament . ''
Despite the attack , Pskovskaya Guberniya has continued to report on the mysterious deaths of Russian soldiers . Other news outlets have written similar reports , naming Russian soldiers and army officers wounded or killed during what Moscow described as `` military exercises '' near the Ukraine border . On Tuesday , Shlosberg filed a formal request asking the office of the Russian general prosecutor to investigate the deaths of 12 soldiers who served in Pskov region , the Moscow-based independent newspaper Novaya Gazeta reported .
After they filed the request , the state-owned news channel Vesti released a lengthy report on Shlosberg 's case . But instead of following up on their inquiry , the broadcaster portrayed them as a traitor and recipient of foreign grants , including from the U.S. government-funded National Endowment for Democracy . And , as in the case of the BBC crew , regional police told Vesti that because Shlosberg lost their cell phone during the attack , it is being investigated as a robbery , not obstruction to journalism .
Requests from the leadership of Shlosberg 's party to have the case classified under the Russian criminal code as `` obstruction to journalism '' and `` assault against a public official '' have not been granted , news reports said .
The attacks against the BBC crew and Shlosberg were not the first . In just two days , August 26 and 27 , seven journalists from independent news outlets who visited the region to cover the same story were targeted with attacks , threats , and other forms of obstruction to their work , they told CPJ . Among them were Nina Petlyanova from the Moscow-based newspaper Novaya Gazeta ; Irina Borukovich of the St. Petersburg-based newspaper Fontanka ; Sergey Kovalchenko and Sergey Gorin of the St. Petersburg-based news website Telegraf ; Vladimir Romensky with the online broadcaster Dozhd ; Ilya Vasyunin of the Moscow-based newspaper Russkaya Planeta ; and Denis Pinchuk of Reuters .
`` In August alone our foundation received alarming news [ on obstruction to journalism ] from Rostov , Kaluga , Ryazan , Pskov , and other regions , '' Aleksei Simonov , GDF 's chairperson , told CPJ . `` I believe that these cases of obstruction to reporters ' work stem from journalistic investigations into the classified by top authorities information on the level of Russia 's involvement into the conflict in Ukraine . '' Simonov said that , in their opinion , Russia 's Investigative Committee -- a federal agency tasked with investigating serious crimes -- should open an investigation under article 144 of the Criminal Code , obstruction to journalists ' professional activities .
Petlyanova told CPJ that while attending the funeral of paratrooper Aleksei Karpenko , two men threatened them and Borukovich . The men , who Petlyanova said were either friends of relatives of Karpenko , pushed the two journalists in Borukovich 's car , then threatened them , urged them to stop investigating soldiers ' deaths , and told them to leave the region immediately . The attackers forced the journalists to show their passports , which they photographed . They also deleted pictures from Petlyanova 's camera .
The journalist told CPJ they believed their assailants were scared and looked nervous at the thought of Karpenko 's funeral being leaked to the media . The official cause of death for the soldier was listed as stroke , a cause listed on at least two other death certificates , relatives of dead soldiers told Petlyanova . Other journalists who spoke to CPJ after investigating the deaths also said that the soldiers ' relatives appeared to be scared or under pressure , and that they had negative feelings towards reporters .
Vasyunin and Romensky told CPJ they were threatened on August 26 when they met relatives of a deceased soldier in Pskov . Two muscular men approached them near the family 's house , and insisted the journalists leave . When the reporters later accompanied Petlyanova and Borukovich to the Novoye cemetery in Kresty district of Pskov , two unidentified men tried to break their car 's windows , and slit its tires , before demanding that they leave . Journalists filmed the attack and shared the video with news outlets .
During that attack , Petlyanova said , they called the police but authorities started investigating only after Novaya Gazeta 's chief editor Dmitry Muratov -- acting on their request -- personally appealed to Russia 's interior minister Vladimir Kolokoltsev .
The journalists who spoke to CPJ said cemeteries in the region appear to be guarded by unknown men , who obstruct journalists ' access to the grave sites or the families of killed soldiers .
On August 28 , members of Council for Civil Society and Human Rights , under the president of Russia , officially asked the committee 's leadership to order an inquiry into the attacks , and take measures to bring those responsible to justice . `` We firmly believe that inevitability of punishment is the primary requirement in the fight against crime , '' said the letter , signed by Mikhail Fedotov , chairperson of the council .
In addition to the appeal , the human rights council and several members of Russia 's parliament proposed to amend Russian media law to ensure greater security for journalists in conflict zones , local press reported . The officials suggested that media law should require news outlets to provide security training and offer insurance to journalists in conflict areas and hot spots .
Boris Reznik , a member of the Russian parliament and supporter of the bill , told CPJ : `` We understand that these amendments are just a drop in the ocean , but we have to do something to ensure any protection for Russian journalists . [ The ] situation is so bad nowadays that media workers with state-owned news outlets or their families do not receive any help or insurance compensation if they get wounded or even killed while carrying [ out ] their professional activities in conflict zones . ''
After the killing of at least five Russian journalists or media workers in Ukraine , according to CPJ research , the bill might get official support and be adopted .
However , this is hardly a solution . If Russian authorities want to `` ensure protection for Russian journalists '' -- as Reznik put it -- they should not stop their efforts at legal amendments . They must thoroughly investigate and bring to justice those responsible for the attacks against journalists who investigate crimes committed by Russian officials -- from human rights abuses and corruption , to allegations of the secret deployment of Russian soldiers to Ukraine . As practice elsewhere shows , attacks on the press have a tendency to diminish when authorities act swiftly to reduce the level of impunity in attacks against reporters .
[ Translated from Russian by Muzaffar Suleymanov , CPJ Europe and Central Asia Research Associate ]
