AFP/Getty Images Cable and satellite companies in India will be able to add Al Jazeera English to their channel line-ups after it was granted a downlink license .
Qatar-based broadcaster Al Jazeera announced this week that its English-language service has finally got a downlink license from India 's Ministry of Information and Broadcasting , allowing it to be carried in India on cable and by satellite .
India Real Time spoke to Al Jazeera English managing director Al Anstey about the news network 's plans for India . Edited excerpts :
IRT : How soon can TV viewers actually start watching Al Jazeera English ?
Anstey : There are different phases in my mind . The landing license granting earlier this week is a fantastic breakthrough . It enables us to broadcast in India .
The first stage for me is to enable operators to switch on the signal . We got the license on Tuesday . We have a distribution person who landed the following day .
They 're making sure that everybody who declared intent to air [ during the wait for the license ] can do so . By the end of this week we can gain a number of viewers .
Phase two is to start talking to the other operators and talk to some of the key satellite operators and platforms . We 're very encouraged by the willingness and keenness of operators around us .
In about a week we 'll be able to come with a clear figure in terms of number of households reached .
IRT : India already has scores of Indian cable news channels reporting on the country 24/7 , as well as the BBC , CNN and so on . Where does the “ Voice of the South ” fit in and do n't Indian channels already fill that slot ?
Anstey : The reason why we say we are truly international and that 's one of the things that distinguishes us from our colleagues at the BBC and CNN—and they do a fantastic job—is the way we are seeing the world .
We put every country on a level playing field . We 're not seeing the world through a geographic or cultural prism . We 're not seeing the world through western eyes , we 're not seeing the world through American eyes , we 're seeing the world as a series of stories .
That means we cover the developing world more than our competitors to some extent .
The Indian channels are providing news and information and current affairs predominantly on India for India . What we want to do is cover India for the world and then cover the world for India .
IRT : Are there stories in India that you might focus on more , such as the separatist conflict in Kashmir , given where Al Jazeera is located ?
Anstey : I can see the logic of the question that we 're headquartered in Qatar , so there 'd be more interest in that story .
The answer is not about where we come from , it 's about the philosophy of where we come from .
India is full of very important political stories , very important developing stories , it 's full of fascinating cultural stories .
One of the key elements of our coverage is to cover the people , not just the platform . If there 's a theme there , I 'd say it 's about the development of India .
Yes , we 've been to Kashmir a number of times because we also cover developing stories . And that 's important to do . But we want to , in a way , uncover stories in countries that are yet to be told and that 's why we 're look at the resourcing of Al Jazeera .
IRT : What 's your presence like elsewhere in the region , including Pakistan and Afghanistan ?
Anstey : It 's almost like joining up the dots when you look at the whole region that includes here and the Gulf and the Middle East .
We 've got a significant bureau in Islamabad , we 've got a significant bureau in Kabul . We look at the region as a whole as well as covering the countries and the stories within those countries .
You have to report on India and Pakistan and what 's going on in Afghanistan obviously with impartiality and integrity . If you did n't do that with absolute integrity you 've immediately lost the trust of the viewer . Pakistan and the relationship with India is an important story that needs to be done absolutely correctly .
We 're widely watched in Afghanistan and Pakistan . I think we 're on Tolo in Afghanistan . In parts of the country , a lot of people there are downlinking us directly . ( Tolo TV is a six-year-old privately run television network in Afghanistan—IRT )
IRT : What are your plans on staffing in India ?
Anstey : We actually were going to enhance the bureau anyway . We have seven editorial staff , that 's two full teams .
We need to identify our second correspondent and we 've been rotating people through at the moment .
We 're looking and discussing Mumbai and Kolkata : Whether to put a full-time team in those locations or stringers .
Have you ever watched Al Jazeera English 's news broadcasts ? How do you think it compares to channels like BBC or CNN ? Share your views in the Comments section .
Facebook is finally getting serious about search . Today it 's challenging Google for finding answers and Twitter for checking real-time chatter with the launch of keyword search . Two years after debuting semantic “ My friends who… ” search for people , places , and photos on the web , Graph Search is rolling out on iOS in the US along with a new keyword search option for dredging up old News Feed posts by friends .
Check out my full hands-on review of the new Facebook Search
Product manager Rousseau Kazi tells me Facebook 's personalized search results are focused first on helping people rediscover thoughts , experiences , and memories they saw in feed . Still , queries for “ dentist ” or “ burrito ” could surface recommendations from friends that compete with Google results . Meanwhile , a search for “ Michael Brown ” or “ 101 traffic ” could surface a feed of recent mentions or news articles by friends , similar to Twitter .
There will be no ads on Facebook 's mobile search or any new keyword ads . But since keywords can carry lucrative purchase intent , I 'd bet Facebook experiments with ads here eventually to see if they could become real revenue generators . Businesses would surely be willing to pay to insert themselves into results for “ restaurant ” or “ lawyer ” .
Keyword search is a big step for Facebook because it indexes and unlocks content previously swept away by the rushing feed or buried deep in people 's profiles . “ People want an accessible way to find these collective thoughts from the community ” Kazi says .
That accessibility changes how “ privacy by obscurity ” effectively works on Facebook . Your privacy settings are n't changing , and keyword search will only bring up content shared with you , like posts by friends or that friends commented on , not public posts or ones by Pages . But if a friend wanted to easily find posts where you said you were “ drunk ” , now they could . Users should take a look at their Timeline or search a few objectionable words with their name and use the in-line privacy selectors in the results to hide anything scandalous .
Kazi tells me eventually , Facebook plans to surface public posts as well , getting more of its un-Googleable walled garden indexed . And if you 're still not sure if Facebook could be a threat to the search giant , theses quotes from Kazi convinced me :
“ Facebook has a wealth of information you ca n't get anywhere else . ”
“ Every post is more or less an answer to a question you did n't know was being asked . ”
A Shaky Third Pillar
When Facebook launched Graph Search in January 2013 , Mark Zuckerberg hailed search as the third pillar of its product , alongside News Feed and Timeline . But Graph Search was n't quite living up to that title until now .
First , the semantic search engine was complicated . Rather than search with familiar keywords like on Google , you had to use complicated phrases like “ My friends of friends who live near San Francisco and Like TechCrunch. ” It was useful for finding what friends lived in a city you were visiting , or people who Liked a certain band and might want to come to a concert with you . There were niche use cases for recruiting , dating , or stalking ( if you search for “ Photos of [ Name ] ” you 'll see photos they hid from their Timeline but did n't untag ) , but there was n't much day-to-day need for it .
A lot of people did n't understand the semantic input method , Facebook still has n't figured out how to make it work in other languages , and all that typing is clumsy on mobile…or would be theoretically . Facebook said Graph Search would come to mobile in 2013 but is only just getting it out the door today .
Kazi admits that “ Phrases are pretty complex ” , but defends the slow progress , saying Facebook spent a ton of time with user experience researchers hunched over users brought into its lab to figure out what people wanted . The company also strengthened the core engineering behind Graph Search to make it easier to improve in the future .
Facebook 's research found people 's top requests were mobile access and post search , so that 's what it built .
How Keyword Graph Search Works
Facebook 's new search experience is coming to 100 % of desktop and iOS users over the next few days , with a plan for Android once the kinks are worked out . You probably do n't have it just yet , though . You can still use the semantic search , but will also be able to punch in a keyword or several to find feed posts in your network that contain those words . For example , if you were my friend , you could search for “ Josh Constine dancing ” to see posts of me making a fool of myself .
The results are ranked with a personalization algorithm that combines the prevalence of keywords with a News Feed-style ranking based on how close you are with the author and loads of other signals . Posts show up in a feed design with the keywords highlighted blue , and spelling correction lends a hand . If the results are photos , you can browse them in an immersive photo-viewer interface .
The demo I saw of the new Facebook Search made it look snappy and intuitive . There are some filters for controlling what kinds of posts you see , though a true ‘ advanced search ' option would be helpful . Facebook had plenty of opportunities to screw this up , but it looks satisfactory .
[ Update : I 've now received the rollout on mobile and am impressed by what post search can dig up . Here 's my full hands-on review .
I searched “ Dentist ” and it returned dozens of posts , including around seven nearby friends posting that they love their dentist , or asking for recommendations and getting comment reels full of them . I never remembered seeing any of these posts , but keyword search surfaced them to help me piggyback on what they know .
A search for “ Ferguson ” pulled up mentions by friends as recent as 45 minutes ago , and gave me a good look at the articles my friends are sharing about the Michael Brown tragedy . “ Fun bar ” found me some cool places to drink , but also showed me a fair amount of noise like post of “ so fun to see my bestie ” tagged at a bar . Overall , though , I was impressed by the utility of Facebook keyword search . ]
Less Privacy By Obscurity
Only posts by friends or that friends have interacted with are eligible to show up in search . That means even if you 're posting something publicly , random strangers ca n't necessarily find them . Some might want their posts to be discoverable like on open Twitter search . But once upon a time when Facebook was mostly just for college kids , people might have been much more cavalier about posting publicly .
Full public post search could lead to people unwittingly ending up embarassed or in the news because someone dug up one of their posts . Open search could drastically change “ public ” means as a privacy setting in ways people might not be comfortable with .
Kazy explains “ it will be easier to find things you might have forgotten about . Anytime you make it easier to find information , that will be information that 's more likely to be seen . ”
In a wise move , Facebook wil let you change the privacy of your own posts you find with keyword search , so it actually doubles as a privacy tool . Rather than having to scan back through your Timeline month by month , you could just punch in some racy terms and make sure you do n't return anything .
Facebook Omniscience
Beyond pulling up memories , keyword search could unlock the purchase intent that makes Google 's ads so valuable . And rather than relying on the feed or hashtags , Facebook could become a place to see what your friends are saying about a major world issue . It 's not the pulse of the whole world like Twitter , but a more intimate look at what your community thinks . Kazi notes “ Giving people the abitiy to quickly tap into what friends are saying about a certain world is pretty powerful . ”
Both these applications have plenty of room for improvement . It 'd be great to see Facebook figure out how to aggregate posts or sentiment so rather than a feed of results , I got more explicit answers . If I search for “ fun bar ” or “ dry cleaner ” , Facebook could first tell me which are the most mentioned in my results . Instead of showing me the bar my best friend said was “ fun ” at the top , it could show the one 10 of my other friends all posted about with synonyms of “ fun ” .
As for taking on Twitter , the option to sort mentions of a keyword in reverse chronological order would be a big help . If I search “ New York ” right now , I 'd like the ability to choose between recent posts by friends of news stories about the Eric Garner protests that shut down the big apple , and more evergreen recommendations of what to do there . Journalists like me and other exceptionally curious people would also love full public post search .
Of course , getting people to actually change their search behavior is harder than it sounds . Facebook Graph Search could already surface businesses you Like or checked-in at , and it did n't make any noticible dent in Google for local business search . Facebook will need strong educational campaigns to burn the idea that it 's now a search engine into our heads .
Kazi concludes that “ The grander search vision is we want to give you the ability to tap into the wisdom of your network and the world . This is one step towards that . ”
The Windows and Mac versions of Opera make for a fast , safe and fun web browsing experience . Our latest offering is Opera 21 . If you are already running Opera you will receive an update automatically . If you are new , you can download Opera for Windows here or Opera for Mac here .
So what 's new ?
Aura
With Opera 21 we made the jump to using Aura , a technology that allows us to hardware-accelerate the entire browser , including the user interface .
The team here put a lot of effort into getting Aura to work properly with Opera and the benefits are already paying off . Aura allows for smoother , snappier animations with a more responsive feel . So far , we have only scratched the surface of this technology , and Opera 21 's primary intention was to get Aura working and stable . In the future , you will see further benefits as it allows us to give everything that little extra bit of polish !
Opera for Mac does not use Aura but Mac users need n't worry . Our Mac version makes use of Apple Core Animation technology to enable us to achieve the same snazzy effects .
Address field option
This feature might seem small but we feel we should highlight it , as it has often been requested . We now provide an option to make Opera persistently show a page 's complete URL in the address field .
Why had n't we done this before ? For most users , our simplified URL field is the best option . We have removed all of the distracting clutter , focusing on the most important information ( the domain ) and use a small badge to show a page 's security . Doing so helps users to quickly and simply identify that the site that they are browsing is the one they expect . It makes it a lot harder for the bad guys to trick you !
For more technical users who need to quickly see the entire URL at a glance , go to “ Settings | Advanced : Show always full URL in address field ” to view all of that “ important ” information .
Key fixes and improvements
Updated Chromium to 34.0.1847.132 for even better site compatibility .
Opera will now scale with screens that use 200 % DPI setting in Windows . No more tiny fonts !
We have reworked our Mac keyboard handling slightly to allow for better support of web apps such as Google Docs and GitHub .
Off-Road mode ( Opera Turbo ) is explained when it is enabled .
For a full list of all the hundreds of changes , improvements and fixes , refer to the Opera 21 Changelog . Beware , it is long !
Gecko1000 Junior Member
Join Date : Jul 2016 Location : Tampa Posts : 9
Clive : Our 1977 Winnebago Brave purchased for $ 750 and brought back from the dead
( Scroll down for pics )
My girlfriend and I picked up `` Clive '' on Craigslist for $ 750 . A few quick specs :
-1977 Brave D26RT ( 26 ' Length )
-Mopar 440 V8 ( built and modified )
-Dodge M400 chassis
When we bought him , the owner said the only time it had run in the past 12 years was a 3 mile drive 5 years ago . After many attempts , they finally sputtered to life , and I drove them several laps around the seller 's barn to try and shake the cobwebbs out before the 45 minute trek to my shop . They made it , and I got to work . I only had two months before I needed to drive this old dog from Minneapolis , MN to Tampa , FL for a new job at a large RV dealership .
Clive was everything you 'd expect from a $ 750 RV from the 70s . The roof was shot , with water pouring down from a sagging AC . The orange shag carpet was heavy with dirt and debris . There was evidence of rot and water damage in every corner , along with garbage left from previous owners .
As we got him :
First step was to remove the roof . I had seen many projects where people spent weeks peeling off old sealer and carefully resealing everything . I did n't have that kind of time . But I had power tools . And an overhead chain hoist . Time to rip that leaky tin off .
Now that we could see , we got to work gutting the interior . Nearly everything was torn out and all original holes and wall damage was filled and sanded .
Once everything was smooth , painting began . We also replaced remaining cabinet hardware and hinges .
And then there was the ugly cab area ...
A wiring nightmare , orange shag carpet , and surface rust stood in my way .
Now that the shag is gone , time for fake hardwood flooring . Lock together style .
We replaced the dinette with a nice little retro couch in front of some wainscoting .
Repaired the cracked dog house , added dynamat , and prepped the cab area for finishing
Little side note -- all the metal trim , seat bases , and cabinet hardware are sprayed with the same nickel finish
Organized all the loose wiring and made kickpanels for under the dash . Carefully cut an opening in the vinyl dash ( sorry guys ! ) for my Motorola Xoom tablet which feeds in to the audio system . Eventually will run lighting as well .
As we got close to our departure date , it was time to build the new roof . 2x4 's were cut to length , then cut on a bandsaw so they form a shallow arch . The roof was assembled and sealed with a roll on rubber product designed for mobile home roofs .
We loaded up , and took off for Florida .
Just east of New Orleans , the tired old 440 had enough . From what I assume , the old dry cracked rear main seal failed and I lost all my oil along I-10 , leading to a snapped rod in cylinder 1 . We left them in a truck stop parking lot and went back for them the following weekend , bringing them the rest of the way back to Florida on a gooseneck ( watch out for bridges ! )
Got them to our new family shop in Florida and ripped the engine out .
Once to Florida , I sourced a rebuilt and spiced up 440 that a guy was going to use in a hot rod project . Still has the RV cam . Went hunting on ebay and really got the new powerplant looking nice . Estimating around 350-375HP .
With the engine out , I took the time to clean up years of oil blow by and grease on the frame rails .
And this is how Clive sits now . I hope to have the engine back in within a couple weeks , and then focus will be on exterior restoration with some modification ( I work in the body shop of a busy RV dealer ) .
Thanks for checking out the project ! I 'll keep you guys posted as we move along . Hello ! Wanted to introduce everyone to our project . ( Scroll down for pics ) My girlfriend and I picked up `` Clive '' on Craigslist for $ 750 . A few quick specs : -1977 Brave D26RT ( 26 ' Length ) -Mopar 440 V8 ( built and modified ) -Dodge M400 chassisWhen we bought him , the owner said the only time it had run in the past 12 years was a 3 mile drive 5 years ago . After many attempts , they finally sputtered to life , and I drove them several laps around the seller 's barn to try and shake the cobwebbs out before the 45 minute trek to my shop . They made it , and I got to work . I only had two months before I needed to drive this old dog from Minneapolis , MN to Tampa , FL for a new job at a large RV dealership.Clive was everything you 'd expect from a $ 750 RV from the 70s . The roof was shot , with water pouring down from a sagging AC . The orange shag carpet was heavy with dirt and debris . There was evidence of rot and water damage in every corner , along with garbage left from previous owners.As we got him : First step was to remove the roof . I had seen many projects where people spent weeks peeling off old sealer and carefully resealing everything . I did n't have that kind of time . But I had power tools . And an overhead chain hoist . Time to rip that leaky tin off.Now that we could see , we got to work gutting the interior . Nearly everything was torn out and all original holes and wall damage was filled and sanded.Once everything was smooth , painting began . We also replaced remaining cabinet hardware and hinges.And then there was the ugly cab area ... A wiring nightmare , orange shag carpet , and surface rust stood in my way.Now that the shag is gone , time for fake hardwood flooring . Lock together style.We replaced the dinette with a nice little retro couch in front of some wainscoting.Repaired the cracked dog house , added dynamat , and prepped the cab area for finishingLittle side note -- all the metal trim , seat bases , and cabinet hardware are sprayed with the same nickel finishOrganized all the loose wiring and made kickpanels for under the dash . Carefully cut an opening in the vinyl dash ( sorry guys ! ) for my Motorola Xoom tablet which feeds in to the audio system . Eventually will run lighting as well.As we got close to our departure date , it was time to build the new roof . 2x4 's were cut to length , then cut on a bandsaw so they form a shallow arch . The roof was assembled and sealed with a roll on rubber product designed for mobile home roofs.We loaded up , and took off for Florida.Just east of New Orleans , the tired old 440 had enough . From what I assume , the old dry cracked rear main seal failed and I lost all my oil along I-10 , leading to a snapped rod in cylinder 1 . We left them in a truck stop parking lot and went back for them the following weekend , bringing them the rest of the way back to Florida on a gooseneck ( watch out for bridges ! ) Got them to our new family shop in Florida and ripped the engine out.Once to Florida , I sourced a rebuilt and spiced up 440 that a guy was going to use in a hot rod project . Still has the RV cam . Went hunting on ebay and really got the new powerplant looking nice . Estimating around 350-375HP.With the engine out , I took the time to clean up years of oil blow by and grease on the frame rails.And this is how Clive sits now . I hope to have the engine back in within a couple weeks , and then focus will be on exterior restoration with some modification ( I work in the body shop of a busy RV dealer ) .Thanks for checking out the project ! I 'll keep you guys posted as we move along .
__________________
JD and Lydia .
Proud owners of a $ 750 Craigslist find brought back from the dead .
1977 Winnebago Brave 26 ' , restored , Rebuilt 440
PROVIDENCE , R.I. — The Rhode Island Supreme Court has thrown out lawsuits brought by two Providence firefighters who said their constitutional rights were violated when they were ordered to drive a truck in a gay pride parade despite their religious objections .
The firefighters , Theodore Fabrizio and Stephen Deninno , argued that they are Roman Catholics and therefore do not support or condone homosexuality .
Justice William Robinson , writing for all five members of the high court this month , said the men appeared in the 2001 parade as public servants who were “ relatively anonymous. ” They called it a legitimate work assignment .
“ The respondents ' appearance in the parade , solely as members of the Providence Fire Department , did not constitute a form of expression on their part . Rather , it was simply the accomplishing of a task assigned to an engine company of the Providence Fire Department , ” Robinson wrote .
The two lawsuits , filed in 2004 , were brought against former Mayor Buddy Cianci and James Rattigan , who was fire chief in 2001 . The firefighters sought compensatory and punitive damages for alleged violations of their freedom of religion and speech .
Article continues below
The court said the men were assigned to work the parade because they served in an engine company that was closest to the parade route . They asked to be reassigned but were refused , according to their lawyer . They said that during and after the parade , they experienced sexual harassment from parade-goers and their co-workers .
A lawyer for the city told the court during arguments in September that the city sent trucks to various parades as a matter of course , including the Columbus Day parade , Purim parade and others .
© 2014 , Associated Press , All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
This Story Filed Under
Britain risks becoming the “ dirty man of Europe ” again with filthy beaches , foul air and weak conservation laws if it leaves the European Union , a group of leading environmentalists warned on Wednesday .
The steering committee of the new E4E ( Environmentalists for Europe ) group includes former ministers , a former EU commissioner and a former head of the Environment Agency . It will work with green groups to persuade people that leaving the EU could set back the UK 's nature protection and prevention of pollution many years . The UK 's referendum on EU membership may come as soon as June .
“ The EU has a strong track record of tangible environmental improvement , ” said Green party MP Caroline Lucas , a former MEP and a member of the group that launched on Wednesday . “ It was the EU 's political decision in 1990 to cap emissions of greenhouse gases by 2000 that formed the cornerstone of the 1992 UN climate convention .
“ Britons have the EU to thank for [ many of the ] protections we have in place . It 's EU standards on air pollution that are forcing the government to clean up its act and key EU rules on healthy rivers , clean beaches and wildlife conservation have had a very positive effect , ” they said .
E4E co-chair Baroness Young , a former chair of English Nature and chief executive of the Environment Agency , said : “ The environment does n't stop at country borders and UK air and water quality depends on agreement with our European neighbours on high standards . Europe 's environmental policy has grown to become the core framework in most areas of environmental policy . ”
The green vote , which stretches across political parties and collectively represents up to 7 million people , has traditionally wanted strong European pollution and conservation rules . But , says E4E , in its mission statement , “ far too often environmental issues have been brushed aside by national parliaments ” .
Craig Bennett , director of Friends of the Earth and also part of E4E , said : “ As a boy , trips to the coast were often spoiled by filthy beaches and sewage-filled seas . The prevalence of acid rain won us the title of ‘ dirty man of Europe ' . Thanks to EU action , this now a thing of the past . The UK can not win the battles of the future - against climate change , air pollution and the destruction of the natural world - on its own . ”
Britain was dubbed “ the dirty man of Europe ” after it joined the EU in 1973 because it was the only country in western Europe that failed to control pollution from cars , power stations and farming , tried to undermine European pesticide controls , and evaded nitrate regulations and bathing water directives . Legal pressure and the threat of unlimited fines forced it to clean up its act , but it still breaches laws on air pollution and water quality .
“ A Britain outside the EU could in theory follow Norway and set high environmental standards , ” said Stephen Tindale , a former head of Greenpeace who is not part of the group . “ But most UK politicians regard them as ‘ green frippery ' . In practice , a UK outside the EU would be much more likely to return to being ‘ the dirty man of Europe ' . ”
Former EU environment commissioner Stanley Johnson , a co-chair of the E4E group , said : “ By being in [ the EU ] , Britain benefits from environmental legislation and funding not only for the fight against climate change and pollution and in its efforts to preserve nature and wildlife , but also through the creation of jobs and financing for research and development here at home . ”
“ I personally believe that our country 's greatest resource – its nature – will be better protected and better preserved for future generations if we remain an active , full , partner within Europe , ” they said .
“ It is European directives which have forced the sewage out of Britain 's bathing waters and the acid rain out of Britain 's atmosphere ; which are getting rid of the most dangerous chemicals in our environment and the carbon pollution of our motor vehicles ; which are pushing the clean-up of our rivers and the switch to renewable energy ; and which , of course , are watching over our wildlife , and that of the rest of Europe , ” said nature author and journalist Michael McCarthy , also part of E4E .
Other members of the E4E steering committee include Lord Deben , chair of the UK Climate Change Committee which advises the government , former environment minister Richard Benyon MP , Matthew Spencer , director of the Green Alliance and conservationist and comedian Bill Oddie .
The Weeknd comes to the 9:30 Club in April . ( XO )
Tickets go on sale Thursday at 10 a.m. through Ticketfly for the following shows at the 9:30 Club :
• “ Soundbites , ” featuring music by DJ Will Eastman , Bones Fur Feather , the Archives and Nappy Riddem , and food tastings from local restaurants May 20 ( $ 40 ) .
• The Feelies Sept. 14 ( $ 20 ) .
Tickets go on sale Friday at 10 a.m. through Live Nation for :
• “ El Chavo Del Ocho ” April 29 at Warner Theatre ( $ 37- $ 77 ) .
• Danzig With Doyle June 4 at the Fillmore Silver Spring ( $ 29.50 ) .
• Kiss and Motley Crue July 20 at Jiffy Lube Live ( $ 32- $ 157 ) .
Tickets go on sale Friday at 10 a.m. through Ticketfly for the following shows at Merriweather Post Pavilion :
• Zac Brown Band May 31 ( $ 42- $ 77 ) .
• Def Leppard , Poison and Lita Ford July 10 ( $ 45- $ 125 ) .
Tickets go on sale Friday at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster for :
• Melissa Manchester May 15 at Sixth & I Historic Synagogue ( $ 30 ) .
• DC 101 Chili Cook-Off , featuring Incubus , Cake , the Airborne Toxic Event , Angels & Airwaves , AWOLNATION and more May 12 at RFK Stadium ( $ 25- $ 200 ) .
• Futbol Internacional : El Salvador vs. Honduras June 2 at RFK Stadium ( $ 37.75- $ 52.75 ) .
Tickets go on sale Friday at noon through Ticketmaster for the following shows at the Birchmere :
• Kenny Loggins and Blue Sky Riders July 26 ( $ 79.50 ) .
• Dick Dale July 31 ( $ 29.50 ) .
• Maysa Sept. 1-2 ( $ 45 ) .
• Don Williams Sept. 12 ( $ 55 ) .
Tickets go on sale Saturday at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster for One Direction May 24 at Patriot Center ( $ 29.50- $ 59.50 ) .
CLOSE Randy Peterson and Tommy Birch talk about whether the Iowa State men have three more wins in them as they close the regular season . Plus hear more about the new ISU wrestling coach and latest spring football updates . The Register
Iowa State football player Mike Johnson ( Photo : Story County/Special to the Regster )
Iowa State defensive back Mike Johnson has been suspended from the team after they were arrested Thursday for an alleged domestic assault .
Johnson was charged with domestic assault strangulation with injury .
According to a filed complaint , Johnson and their girlfriend got in a fight regarding social media posts and the music choice being played on their phones . A fight broke out when the two tried to grab each other 's cellphones , the complaint said .
The victim told Iowa State University police officers that Johnson strangled them with both hands . They told police they had trouble breathing and `` saw stars '' but could n't remember if they lost consciousness .
They suffered a swollen upper lip and marks to their right cheek , behind their left ear and on their neck . The victim also had dried blood on them
According to the complaint , Johnson said they had to push the victim away , hold their back and stop them during the fight . They said the victim was trying to damage their laptop and their cellphone . Johnson told an officer they had to lean on them after pushing them down onto a couch to hold them down .
They said they were bitten during that time . The victim said they had trouble breathing after Johnson put their hands on their neck . They told police they felt sick to their stomach afterward .
Johnson played in 12 games last season and started eight . They recorded 44 tackles , 1.5 tackles for loss and three pass breakups .
NEWSLETTERS Get the High School Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Highlights and top stories on high school sports and athletes . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225 . Delivery : Mon-Sun Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for High School Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
`` We are aware of Mike Johnson 's arrest and allegations associated with their arrest , '' Iowa State coach Matt Campbell said in a statement . `` Our program has zero tolerance for domestic violence . Mike has been suspended from all team activities , including practice , under the student-athlete code of conduct policy as we gather more information . Their long-term status with the team will be determined once we gain more facts . ''
unchecked development of nuclear weapons +
active promotion of terrorism +
Jammu & Kashmir dispute +
rebuked Moscow +
NEW DELHI : In yet another stinging reply to Pakistan , India told the United Nations on Monday that there was a dangerous correlation between Pakistan 'sand the close nexus between the state and jihadi groups , and this posed the greatest threat to the world.Responding to a reference to Jammu & Kashmir by Pakistan 's envoy to the Conference on Disarmament , Tehmina Janjua , Indian envoy Venkatesh Verma said , `` The biggest threat to peace and stability comes fromand unbridled expansion of fissile material production and delivery systems for nuclear weapons under the shadow of a deeply disturbing and deeply entrenched nexus between state entities and non-state actors . `` The Indian response came after Janjua orally added a reference to the `` '' to Pakistan 's statement in the 'first committee ' which concerns itself with disarmament and non-proliferation issues . The remark was not there in their written statement . Verma responded by reminding the UN that `` nuclear proliferation linkages which are active today have clear Pakistan fingerprints '' .Separately , Indian ambassador to Russia Pankaj Saran publiclyfor its budding military relationship with Pakistan . In trenchant comments to news agency Ria Novosti , Saran said , `` We have conveyed our views to the Russian side that military cooperation with Pakistan , which is a state that sponsors and practices terrorism as a matter of state policy , is a wrong approach . It will only create further problems . '' While this has been talked about in the government and among experts , this is the first time India has openly chided Russia for its flirtations with Pakistan.In the UN , the Pakistani diplomat trod a beaten path by offering a set of `` proposals '' that have long been rejected by India - `` simultaneous application of IAEA safeguards on all nuclear facilities and bilateral arrangement for their reciprocal inspections , simultaneous accession to NPT , regional CTBT '' etc . `` Just last month , our prime minister underlined Pakistan 's resolve to maintain strategic stability in its region ... expressed readiness to agree on a bilateral arrangement , '' Janjua said.Verma , in response , described the Pakistani proposals as `` self-serving '' and said it was `` ironic that a country whose non-proliferation track record is marked by obstructionism seeks to convince the international community on its self-serving proposals '' . `` It is a matter of record that Pakistan is singularly responsible for blocking the international disarmament agenda and the Conference on Disarmament , '' they said . Pakistan has blocked all movement on a fissile material cut-off treaty .
Babymetal are putting on a unique series of shows called The Five Fox Festival . The Japan gigs will all either have gender or age restrictions or will require fans to come in corpse paint .
The festival dates will all take place this summer , but you 'll probably only get to attend one if it comes to your city . The five foxes are all categorized by color and here are the stipulations for attendance :
Black Fox Festival : Males Only Red Fox Festival : Females Only Gold Fox Festival : Teenagers Only Silver Fox Festival : Elementary School Children & 60+ Only White Fox Festival : Dress Code - Corpse Paint
The black , red and gold festivals will take place in Minato and only be held once each . Silver and white nights will both be held three times each in multiple cities . Silver and white will take up six nights of Babymetal gigs — two in Tokyo , two in Nagoya and two in Osaka .
How strict will Babymetal be at these shows ? According to the group , “ In the case that the purchaser does not meet the specific conditions and wins the ticket , we reserve the right to refuse admittance . ”
Check out the full list of dates below and be sure you meet the criteria before you grab tickets !
Babymetal Five Fox Festival Dates :
7/18 - Minato @ Akasaka BLITZ - Black Fox Festival
7/19 - Minato @ Akasaka BLITZ - Red Fox Festival
7/20 - Minato @ Akasaka BLITZ - Gold Fox Festival
7/25 - Tokyo @ DiverCity TOKYO - Silver Fox Festival
7/26 - Tokyo @ DiverCity TOKYO - White Fox Festival
08/08 - Nagoya @ Zepp - Silver Fox Festival
08/09 - Nagoya @ Zepp - White Fox Festival
08/29 - Osaka Bayside @ Zepp - Silver Fox Festival
08/30 - Osaka Bayside @ Zepp - White Fox Festival
See Babymetal in the Top 50 Metal Bands Who Released Their First Album in the 21st Century
The decision by the US Department of Defense to boost spending on confronting Russia in Europe and fighting the Islamic State elsewhere will provide no military benefit whatsoever , former US Chief of Naval Operations science and policy advisor Theodore Postol told Sputnik .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) — The proposed boost in NATO-related spending is `` a provocation that builds on the ‘ original sin ' of NATO expansion , which led to the predictable breakdown of relations between Russia and the West , '' Postol stated on Wednesday .
On Tuesday , Defense Secretary Ashton Carter announced the Defense Department will spend 50 percent more in fiscal year 2017 on its fight against the Islamic State and will request $ 3.4 billion in its fiscal year 2017 budget to support NATO allies in Europe .
`` The deployment has absolutely no military benefit in terms of NATO 's ability to defend allies in eastern and central Europe , '' Postol , who is also Massachusetts Institute of Technology Professor Emeritus of Science , Technology and National Security Policy , added .
They noted the increased US military commitment in Europe was built upon `` a remarkable dissembling '' of a 1997 agreement between Russia and the West that heavy weapons and troops would not be sent to locations near Russia 's borders .
`` In all , these actions will do nothing more than cause quite reasonable Russians to conclude that the United States and NATO will say anything , and seek to justify anything they want to do , regardless of its merits or its negative consequences for Europe 's collective security , '' Postol warned .
The new US policy , Postol argued , would backfire and increase the dangers of war in Europe rather than deter it .
`` From my point of view , these actions simply demonstrate that NATO is a larger danger to itself and Western Europe than it is to Russia . ''
The US government currently maintains that the 1997 agreement with Russia has not been violated because Washington is `` rotating '' troops through its forces in European countries rather than keeping them on station permanently , but this was a specious argument , Postol said .
`` By this definition , the United States has no presence in Iraq or Afghanistan , or for that matter anywhere else in the world where we have substantial deployments of American forces . ''
Far from increasing trust and confidence in the United States around the world , such justifications destroyed US credibility , Postol maintained .
`` This remarkably dishonest interpretation of an existing agreement should indicate to every country that deals with the United States that our government can not be trusted at its word . ''
Postol concluded that regrettably , the planned US build-up would further polarize the two main thermonuclear powers .
The Breakdown explains what 's behind Southern California business and economic news . It describes the effects the headlines have on you : whether you 're an investor , a business owner , an employee , homeowner , consumer or just someone who wants to know how to save a buck .
Had enough yet ? NFL players , coaches , and fans seem pretty fed up , after a controversial conclusion to Monday night 's game between the Seattle Seahawks and the Green Bay Packers . Touchdown ? Interception ? `` Simultaneous catch ? ''
The replacement referees brought in while the regular refs are locked out in a labor dispute were disoriented by it all , but it 's not as if we have n't been warned and warned and warned some more that something like this was happening . The question is : Will the NFL budge on the lockout , now that the nightmare scenario — potentially botched call that costs a team the game in the final seconds — has come to pass ?
The numbers on the refs ' side are all ... rather small , relatively speaking . True , average pay is about $ 150,000 a year . But there are less than 200 NFL refs , and in a league that 's looking for $ 10 billion in annual revenues by next season , with $ 12- $ 14 billion in sight , you 'd think that such a small group with such a large impact in the overall package could command more . Especially when you consider that in 2011 the NFL wrapped up a $ 3-billion-per-year extension to its TV deal .
What pro football 's refs are holding out for is actually pretty mundane and may only amount to about $ 16 million in concessions by the league . Bottom line : They want to keep their old-school defined-benefit pension plan , rather than shift , as so much of corporate America has , to a defined-contribution plan — a 401 ( k ) .
There are complex arguments about why defined-contribution ( DC ) plans can be better than defined-benefit ( DB ) plans , and vice versa . But what it comes down to is risk . With a DB plan , the risk that the market wo n't live up to expectations is absorbed by the employer : They cover market shortfalls . With DC plans , the employee absorbs some of that risk . When the market underperforms , both employee and employer lose out .
DB plans can be a problem if the employer goes out of business . But it seems ... well , exceedingly unlikely that the NFL will do that . So the refs do have a farily good reason for sticking to their guns on the pension issue . Furthermore , they do n't actually want to avoid the shift to the DC plan — they just want to keep the DB plan around for legacy hires .
There are some negotiating points where the refs do n't have a strong a case , notably their reluctance to create a full-time core of officials ( all refs are part-time now ) . But as Monday night 's controversy demonstrated , the cost of getting hung up on pension matters could cost the NFL far more than $ 16 million .
Follow Matthew DeBord and the DeBord Report on Twitter . And ask Matt questions at Quora .
Along Eglinton Ave. West , for about a quarter of a block west of Bathurst St. , the south lane is fenced off and filled with trucks , trailers , workers and machinery — with several red “ danger ” signs plastered on the fence . Peer a bit closer and you can see Manny Virk 's Dollar Smart in the plaza behind the fencing . While the sidewalk in front of their store is still usable amid the Eglinton Crosstown construction , Virk says he 's seen a 30 to 35 per cent dip in sales since work started on the south side about a month ago , compared to the same period last year .
Ron Beben , co-owner of Eunice Denby Flowers , says their business is luckier than most on Eglinton Ave. W. these days , since the flower shop depends on phone orders . ( Steve Russell / Toronto Star )
“ A lot of people see the big machines and go somewhere else , ” Virk laments . He 's not the only Eglinton business owner getting anxious about the ongoing construction . From clothing stores to flower shops , various businesses along the 19-kilometre stretch slated for light right transit say they 're feeling the financial sting of snarled traffic , limited parking options , reduced foot traffic and dusty sidewalks . Helen Carvallo , who works at the French Collection at 253 Eglinton West , says she 's called 311 three times over the last year about dirty sidewalks in front of the clothing store . “ We do n't have time to go sweeping and do the city 's job , ” they say .
Article Continued Below
“ It 's dusty , it 's dirty — it 's not a pleasant shopping environment , ” echoes Melissa Guido , who has owned Bella , a clothing store west of Avenue Rd. , for three years . Guido says they first noticed a negative impact from the construction last summer . Then , over the winter , their store had a 20 per cent decrease in sales compared to the average of the last three years . It 's not a typical drop even for the colder months , they say . Rob Beben , co-owner of the Eunice Denby Flowers just west of Oriole Pkwy. , has n't seen a noticeable dip in sales — most of their business is phone orders — but knows lots of other businesses that are suffering from reduced parking in the areas . Motioning to Eglinton , they say traffic has often been blocked and parking is taken over by construction trucks along side streets . “ If you look at this , it 's a constant battle , ” they say . On-street parking is n't available within the vicinity of construction between Allen Rd . and Yonge St. , according to Metrolinx .
But Jamie Robinson , director of community relations and communications for Metrolinx 's Toronto transit projects , says a lot of work has been done when it comes to parking issues . On certain side streets , they say parking regulations have been adjusted — and hours extended — on a temporary basis , thanks to collaboration between Metrolinx and the city . As for the dust and dirt , Robinson says that 's a city issue . But Ward 22 Councillor Josh Matlow ( open Josh Matlow 's policard ) says the city and Metrolinx need to be co-operating . “ If there 's a mess made by their project , they have some ownership over that too , ” they say , adding business owners in the area are “ living through a construction nightmare . ”
Article Continued Below
“ It 's hard for a business to attract customers when there are issues of parking or dirty streets — people do n't want to go there , ” says Ward 16 councillor Christin Carmichael Greb ( open Christin Carmichael Greb 's policard ) . There have been conversations with City staff about sweeping streets more often , they note . Metrolinx recognizes there 's been an impact on businesses , according to Robinson . “ That 's a reality when you 're building a construction project of this size and magnitude , ” they say , regarding the $ 5.3-billion light rail transit . “ But there 's a myriad of reasons why businesses may or may not be suffering , ” they add . “ We 're just one of those reasons. ” Maureen Sirois agrees . As chair of the Eglinton Way BIA , which represents around 200 businesses from Chaplin Cres . to Oriole Pkwy , Sirois has heard various complaints and concerns from local business owners , but says other factors — like a particularly bitter winter — also had a negative impact . And the biggest challenge , according to Sirois ? The public thinks the construction is worse than it really is . There 's nothing stopping shoppers from visiting , despite assumptions that the avenue is “ torn up completely , ” they explain . “ The customers , in the end , are the ones who are going to decide what happens to Eglinton and other main street retailers , ” says Sirois . “ As much as we boast about how wonderful the Crosstown will be in a few years , we all need to be supporting the people who 've invested everything into their businesses and are being severely impacted by this construction , ” adds Matlow .
Read more about :
The Eagles are expected to sign Stony Brook OT Michael Bamiro on Tuesday . Measuring in at a massive 6 ' 8″ , 335 , Bamiro is an intriguing prospect who took a unique path to the NFL .
The 22-year-old began their college life at the University of Pittsburgh , where they did not play a down of football . After their first-year student year , they transferred to Stony Brook for the 2009 season , which they redshirted . They took over as the team 's starting right tackle in 2010 , a role they occupied through the 2012 season . Though they only played three seasons of college football , they exhausted their five years of eligibility . They applied for a waiver to play a sixth season , but the NCAA denied their request . They were not allowed to declare for the NFL 's supplemental draft . Instead , the league declared them a free agent , which allowed them to circumvent the draft process entirely .
They auditioned for at least 22 teams in a private workout in early July . Of them , the Eagles presumably made either the quickest or highest contract offer . NFL draft expert Gil Brandt recently pegged Bamiro as a fourth round talent , so the Eagles acquired a decent talent without giving up a draft pick .
Bamiro has a legitimate shot at cracking the Eagles ' final 53 . While Chip Kelly 's front five looks rock solid , the depth along the offensive line is suspect . Bamiro 's main competition for a roster spot includes Nate Menkin , Allen Barbre , and Ed Wang .
Since Bamiro 's jump to the NFL came as a surprise ( he had already been named to preseason FCS all-American teams ) , little film on them is available to the public . I was able to break down two of their games , but only was able to watch them on running plays . Take this scouting report with a grain of salt .
Pros :
Excellent size . Very similar to King Dunlap on the hoof . Good movement skills for their size . Light on their feet , capable of pulling and getting their hands on defenders in space . Can absolutely blow up defenders when they lock on . Ultra-strong and racked up a handful of pancake blocks in 12 minutes of footage . Shows a mean streak on occasion . Long arms and huge hands should help them tremendously in pass protection .
Cons :
Does n't always play with a nasty demeanor . Can be content to stand around and watch the play . Plays with inconsistent leverage . Bends at the waist instead of the knees , which hurts their ability to drive defenders backwards in the run game . Versatility . Appears to be strictly a right tackle due to athletic makeup and experience .
Verdict :
Bamiro is in no way a sure thing , but the Eagles could cash in on their potential big time . They have the size and athleticism to be a top-level NFL right tackle . Stony Brook does n't play top competition , but Bamiro showed well against Syracuse and definitely has the strength and athleticism to hold their own in the big leagues . They have a clear path to cracking the 53-man roster and the Eagles need more young prospects up front , where Jason Peters , Todd Herremans , and Evan Mathis are all on the wrong side of 30 . Give the Eagles credit – Bamiro was a nice find as a low-risk , high-reward signing .
( File )
Local sources told Ma'an that Hamas security forces detained Abu Sharikh after summoning them for interrogation on Saturday .
They added that activists Amr Balusha , Muhammad al-Taluli and Shukri Abu Aoun were also summoned over their involvement in protests denouncing the electricity crises in the blockaded Palestinian territory .
“ We have received summonses to meet with intelligence forces , ” Balusha wrote on Facebook . “ We demand that all factions leaders appointed to solve the crisis help resolve the situation as soon as possible . ”
Gaza security forces have detained a number of activists in the wake of demonstrations over the dire electricity shortages earlier this month .
Since Hamas won legislative elections in 2006 and became the ruling party in the Gaza Strip , the movement has stifled many dissident voices in the blockaded Palestinian territory .
GAZA ( Ma'an ) -- Gaza security forces detained Palestinian writer Abdullah Abu Sharikh and summoned a number of activists from the Jabaliya refugee camp in the northern besieged Gaza Strip .
1 ) Oklahoma City Thunder [ 17-4 ] : The Thunder are averaging a league-leading 106.0 points a game on top of winning eight-straight . Through 20+ games , I do n't see how Kevin Durant is n't the MVP of the league . ( Last Week : # 2 )
2 ) San Antonio Spurs [ 17-4 ] : Three blowout victories by a combined 66 points have the Spurs sitting nice and pretty . They % 26 # 8217 ; ve won nine of their last ten , with that lone loss coming at the hands of the Miami Heat when Greg Popovich sat their starters . Just imagine if they had played . ( Last Week : # 5 )
3 ) New York Knicks [ 15-5 ] : No Carmelo Anthony ? No problem . That did n't seem to matter when the Knicks hit 18 three-pointers and blew out the Miami Heat for the second time this season on Thursday . I 'm still skeptical about their postseason chances , but they look damn good at the moment . ( Last Week : # 4 )
4 ) Memphis Grizzlies [ 14-4 ] : Even with the fourth-hardest schedule to start the season , the Grizzlies still own one of the best records in the Western Conference . No team has scored over 100 points against Memphis since opening night . ( Last Week : # 3 )
5 ) Miami Heat [ 13-5 ] : Losses to the Washington Wizards ( wow ) and New York Knicks this past week are a major step back , but it 's clear as day that this team has yet to “ turn it on ” , which is weird considering their record . Perhaps this is what the Heat needed to really flip the switch . ( Last Week : # 1 )
6 ) Los Angeles Clippers [ 14-6 ] : Six wins in a row and the Clippers are back on top of the Pacific division . Chauncey Billups is now out indefinitely , but depth at the guard positions has n't been an issue all season . ( Last Week : # 10 )
7 ) Atlanta Hawks [ 12-5 ] : Overlooked ? Underestimated ? Perhaps . The Hawks strung together three victories in a row this past week , including come from behind wins over the Nuggets and Wizards and a win at the FedExForum against the Grizzlies . There free-throw attempts ( 19.5 ) must increase dramatically . ( Last Week : # 7 )
8 ) Golden State Warriors [ 13-7 ] : The Warriors are clearly the biggest surprise of the season in the NBA , as they 're off to their best start since the 2005-06 season . Stephen Curry is having a tremendous start to their December , averaging 23.4 points on 50 % shooting , as well as dishing out 8.4 assists a game . ( Last Week : # 8 )
9 ) Chicago Bulls [ 11-8 ] : Chicago continues to be one of the best defensive squads in the league , giving up the second lowest scoring totals to their opposition per game ( 91.3 ) . Joakim Noah and Luol Deng are still racking up heavy minutes , but the Bulls remain so strong on the defensive end because of that . ( Last Week : # 12 )
10 ) Brooklyn Nets [ 11-8 ] : The Nets have lost four in a row , although those of those came at the hands of the Heat and Thunder . Andray Blatche is averaging 17.6 points and 9.3 rebounds in the starting-unit , but the Nets need Brook Lopez back and at full strength pronto . ( Last Week : # 6 )
11 ) Utah Jazz [ 12-10 ] : Beating the Magic and Raptors earlier in the week were givens , but knocking off the Lakers on the road Sunday night was a major confidence boost . They should really consider adding some depth in the backcourt by moving one of their many frontcourt pieces . They could be just one move away from really making some noise . ( Last Week : # 16 )
12 ) Phildelphia 76ers [ 11-9 ] : Shooing can only get you so far in this league . The Sixers only shot better than 42 % once during the week . It took a game-winner by Evan Turner late in the fourth quarter and a Rondo slip to knock off the Celtics in overtime on Friday . ( Last Week : # 9 )
13 ) Milwaukee Bucks [ 10-9 ] : It looks like 5 years and $ 40 million dollars has made Ersan Ilyasova forgetful on how to play the game of basketball . Their numbers have dropped from 17 points and 11.3 rebounds per 36 minutes last year to 11.7 and 7.4 in 2012/13 . ( Last Week : # 13 )
14 ) Boston Celtics [ 11-9 ] : Paul Pierce is nearing the end of their storied career , but it looks like the Celtics need them now more than ever . Boston is averaging 106.8 points per 100 possessions with them on the floor and just 98.6 with them on the bench . Jeff Green has stepped up as of late , but the team needs more help in the frontcourt to help an aging Kevin Garnett . ( Last Week : # 11 )
15 ) Dallas Mavericks [ 10-10 ] : O.J Mayo had their coming-out party for the Mavericks in the teams win over Houston on Saturday , scoring 40 points and grabbing eight rebounds . They also hit 6 of 9 from behind the arc . ( Last Week : # 18 )
16 ) Indiana Pacers [ 10-11 ] : I respect Roy Hibbert for coming out and saying that they want to surpass Dwight Howard as the leagues best true center , but for now , it 's not even close . He 's still shooting under 40 % from the field and averaging less than 10.0 points a game . ( Last Week : # 15 )
17 ) Denver Nuggets [ 10-11 ] : The Nuggets defense is all over the place , that it 's hard to really buy into them at the moment . The team allows just 93.3 points when they win and 108.8 when the lose . They 've scored at least 100 or more in eight straight games , but that defense has to step up . ( Last Week : # 19 )
18 ) Minnesota Timberwolves [ 9-9 ] : Things are basically just wait and see at the moment with this Wolves team . They need Ricky Rubio back playing point guard as soon as possible . Minnesota is 4-5 with Kevin Love back in the lineup , but the dynamic of this offense much more effective with Rubio leading the charge . ( Last Week : # 20 )
19 ) Houston Rockets [ 9-10 ] : It was great seeing Kevin McHale return to the sidelines on Saturday , despite the team losing a hard-faught effort against the Mavericks . The team loves playing from behind , as evident in their lone victory of the week against the Lakers this past tuesday , trailing at the half by 13 points . ( Last Week : # 17 )
20 ) Los Angeles Lakers [ 9-12 ] : The return of Steve Nash won % 26 # 8217 ; t be the quick fix that solves all of the Lakers problems . Sure , it may help improve an offense that has been very stagnant as of late , but the last time I checked , Nash isn % 26 # 8217 ; t a defensive stopper . Los Angeles sits at 18th in the league for opponents scoring ( 98.1 a game ) . They also gave up 117 points to the Jazz at home last night . ( Last Week : # 14 )
21 ) Orlando Magic [ 8-12 ] : Dwight Howard % 26 # 8216 ; s old team is playing better than their new team . My mind is blown . A 3-2 west coast road trip is not too shabby , but dropping a game against the Kings on Friday must leave a bad aftertaste . ( Last Week : # 21 )
22 ) Portland Trail Blazers [ 8-12 ] : Fatigue is beginning to set in on that starting-unit , and rightfully so . I 've said it once and I 've said it a thousand times . That bench is what 's holding Portland back from making any real strides . ( Last Week : # 23 )
23 ) Sacramento Kings [ 7-12 ] : The Kings are currently riding a three-game winning streak , although those wins came against the Raptors , Trailblazers and Magic . Progress is a slow process I suppose . Two of those victories were without Tyreke Evans . ( Last Week : # 28 )
24 ) Charlotte Bobcats [ 7-12 ] : See , this is the Charlotte Bobcats I 've come to know and love . The team has lost seven straight and eight of their last ten . Watching them win basketball games and hover above .500 was too good to be true . Their has been improvement , but Charlotte is exactly where they should be in the standings . ( Last Week : # 22 )
25 ) Detroit Pistons [ 7-15 ] : The Pistons are playing .500 basketball since starting the year 0-8 . Greg Monroe has been putting together a very quiet yet efficient season , averaging 15.0 points , 9.2 rebounds , 3.4 assists and 1.5 steals . On any other roster , they could have been a candidate for the all-star team . ( Last Week : # 24 )
26 ) New Orleans Hornets [ 5-14 ] : The New Orleans Pelicans ? It 's growing on me , I 'm not going to lie . Some believe that the league wo n't allow such a ridiculous name change , but why not right ? Who would n't want to see a Pelican mascot ? I certainly do . Sign me up for a jersey . Besides , do n't the eyebrows of Anthony Davis already look like a bird ? ( Last Week : # 26 )
27 ) Phoenix Suns [ 7-15 ] : The Suns have lost seven in a row and now find themselves second from the bottom in the Western Conference . Games against the Grizzlies and Jazz this week wo n't help matters . Michael Beasley has been sent to the bench after struggling with their shot to start the year . Marcin Gortat could be next . ( Last Week : # 25 )
28 ) Washington Wizards [ 2-15 ] : A win over the defending NBA Champion Miami Heat is something to be commended , especially when you look at the fact that the Wizards had just one win entering that game . In Washington 's two victories thus far , the bench has outscored the starting-unit on both occasions . Will that change when John Wall eventually returns from injury ? ( Last Week : # 30 )
29 ) Cleveland Cavaliers [ 4-17 ] : Things were looking grim without Kyrie Irving , but now rookie Dion Waiters is on the sidelines as well . Without those two , the Cavaliers are nearly unwatchable . Scratch that , they are . Although , Irving could be returning as early as this week . ( Last Week : # 29 )
30 ) Toronto Raptors [ 4-17 ] : From Andrea Bargnani to GM Bryan Colangelo , it appears that the Raptors fan base wants the team to clean house big time . The most lopsided loss of the year against the Jazz ( 131-99 ) on Wednesday did n't calm anyones nerves . Does anyone truly care anymore ? ( Last Week : # 27 )
Johannesburg - The DA will lay criminal charges against Beaufort West mayor Truman Prince accusing them of `` blatant '' corruption .
The opposition party was in possession of a letter in which it claims Prince requested that an ANC-aligned company be given preference for a tender in exchange for a donation to the ruling party 's election campaign .
DA national spokesperson Phumzile Van Damme said the party would lay the charges on Thursday .
`` This investigation will hopefully also ascertain whether the Beaufort West municipality has been subject to other instances of corruption like this during the tenure of mayor Truman Prince .
`` If the ANC is truly committed to rooting out corruption as it claims it is , it will remove Truman Prince as mayor of Beaufort West pending the outcome of a full investigation , '' they said .
In the letter Prince wrote : `` We are an ANC-led municipality , we are therefore in need of financial injection for our 2016 Local Government Election campaign and therefore will also want to see construction companies sympathetic and having a relationship with the ANC to benefit , in order for these companies to inject funds in our election campaign process . ''
It concerned the building of a skills development and trade test centre in Beaufort West .
Prince however , has denied that there was anything wrong with their request , stating that there was nothing corrupt about it .
`` I wrote that letter stating that to have this investment we must use our local procurement ... I never asked for money but I was saying if this skills centre becomes a reality we want to use our own procurement to get our local entrepreneurs and BEE companies the opportunity to transform the economy of Beaufort West , from the white regime to black entrepreneurs , in order to boost the economy , '' they said .
Apple 's quest to make its laptops ultra slim and ultra light have led to the company increasingly soldering upgradable parts into the guts of its notebook computers .
For instance , with the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar notebooks , you 'll need to be sure to configure it with the SSD size you most desire out of the gate , because upgrading it yourself just is n't possible .
Advertisement
Case in point : intrepid MacRumors forum member fs454 opened up their new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and found that the SSD chips are now soldered inside . This is a change from previous MacBook Pro models ( and even the non-Touch Bar MacBook Pro ) , in that it is totally non user-replaceable .
Advertisement
If you have a Mac Pro or a 27-inch iMac , the installed RAM ( and with enough elbow grease , the hard drive as well ) is user-accessible , but Apple is increasingly making all of its other devices less and less upgrade or repair friendly .
Over the years , it 's been harder and harder to upgrade or self-repair your Apple products . Starting with the MacBook Air back in 2010 , Apple started soldering RAM directly into the device . This continued with the MacBook Pro with Retina a few years later . Moreover , user-replaceable batteries were also glued into the casing , and Apple even applied its anti-repair strategy on a more basi level . Custom screws on its iPhones and Macs to make it harder to get inside .
This is n't the first time Apple has soldered an SSD directly into its products , however . The latest MacBook , released in 2015 , had its storage chips connected directly to the board , with no user intervention possible . Still , Apple has opted to use a replaceable ( though proprietary ) SSD memory chip with its non-Touch Bar MacBook Pro .
Advertisement
That 's why it 's interesting that the more expensive Touch Bar versions have soldered-on chips . Was this a design decision or is this just another way Apple wants to get more money out of its customers ? We 're not sure why Apple is doing this , but it feels like greed .
Most modern laptops are not very DIY-friendly anyway , but Apple is often criticized by the repair community for its use of proprietary parts and extensive measures to make user-upgrades all but impossible . The counter-argument is that Apple is selling its computers—particularly its laptops—as appliances . Nevertheless , it 's a little disconcerting to know that the $ 1,800- $ 4,200 you spend on a laptop ca n't even get an aftermarket SSD upgrade or a third-party repair .
We 've reached out to Apple for comment on the change and will update if we hear back .
When House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Va. , lost their seat in the Republican primary last summer , Rep. Peter Roskam , R- Ill. , was next in line to move into the House leadership , joining House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of California .
“ I was without the advantages of a tool like Google , ” Scalise told a reporter on Monday . “ It 's nice to have those . Those tools were n't available back then. ” But they were , Congressman . Google launched in 1998 .
The Southern majority among the House Republican rank and file objected to the lack of representation by the Old Confederate states in the leadership and fielded an ultraconservative Louisiana physician , Rep. Steve Scalise , to run against Roskam for the Majority Whip position . When the caucus voted last June , Scalise won the number-three leadership position with 117 out of 233 votes .
Now , just six months later , Scalise — who headed the Republican Study Group , the most extreme right-wing faction in the House — is at the center of a raging controversy because records show that they addressed the European-American Unity and Rights Organization ( EURO ) conference , a white-supremacy conclave , when they were a state representative in 2002 . EURO was then the latest iteration of a series of whites ' rights groups founded by former KKK grand wizard — and former Louisiana state representative — David Duke .
Scalise claims they do not recall speaking to the conclave . They had a very small staff then , they say , besides which they say they “ detest [ s ] any kind of hate group ” ( any kind except for anti-gay hate groups like the Family Research Council , of course ) .
Scalise also claimed not to know that that EURO was a Neo-Confederate group because Google did not exist at the time . “ I was without the advantages of a tool like Google , ” Scalise told a reporter on Monday . “ It 's nice to have those . Those tools were n't available back then . ”
Maybe Google had n't reached Louisiana Intertubes in 2002 , but it was launched in 1998 .
By contrast , when reached for comment , Duke offered a hearty endorsement of Scalise , calling the Republican majority whip “ a fine family man and a good person . ”
It has taken many months , and many thousands of lives , but Iraqi forces have finally reclaimed the northern city of Mosul from the ISIS militants who held it for three years .
Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , had been ISIS 's biggest prize . After taking the city in June 2014 , ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood in the pulpit of the city 's 12th-century al-Nuri mosque and delivered a now-infamous sermon declaring the creation of a new ISIS “ caliphate. ” It was a speech that quite literally put ISIS on the map .
The mosque is gone now , as is ISIS 's control of the city . The militants destroyed the 842-year-old mosque as Iraqi forces closed in on the ancient complex as part of their final push to retake Mosul . It was a symbolic move of a very different sort , one that signals just how far ISIS 's fortunes in Iraq have fallen in a few short years .
The striking photos below are some of the first taken inside the city since it was reclaimed from ISIS .
They were taken by Italian photojournalist Gabriele Micalizzi , who has spent the past nine years covering wars in Afghanistan , Libya , Ukraine , Gaza , and Iraq . They traveled to Mosul in February 2017 to cover the start of the bloody push to reclaim the city and embedded , alongside another Italian journalist , with the Iraqi federal police forces , who played a key role in the fighting .
They returned to the city in early July to document the final phase of the war for the city , embedding with the same forces he 'd been with months earlier . At times , Micalizzi was so close to the fighting that they were forced to help treat wounded Iraqi security personnel . At others , they had time to stop and marvel at the scope of the destruction .
“ We found ourselves on the rooftops in the middle of ruins , and around us was flying shrapnel and all bullets , ” they said via email . “ The bodies of the jihadis were everywhere . ”
The photos below give you a sense of how much it took to reclaim Mosul — and of just how much work needs to be done before life in the war-ravaged city can begin to return to normal .
—Yochi Dreazen
Warning : Some of the photos below contain graphic content .
Iraqi soldiers fire heavy machine guns and lob grenades from inside a destroyed building in the old city of Mosul .
An ISIS fighter captured near the ruins of the al-Nuri mosque .
A wounded civilian at a makeshift field hospital in the center of the city . Tens of thousands of civilians were trapped in Mosul as the fighting raged ; many paid with their lives .
The fierce fighting has left much of the city in complete ruin .
The corpse of a fighter in the ruins near what is left of the al-Nuri mosque . Both sides sometimes had to leave their dead in the streets for hours , days , or longer .
Iraqi forces advance deeper into the old city as part of the final push to retake Mosul .
An Iraqi soldier gazes out over the wreckage of the old city of Mosul as they scan for ISIS snipers targeting the fighters below .
Bypassing docker network isolation ( hack )
I am the author of the netdata docker image . I created the image before netdata became the popular real time performance monitoring software which it is today - over 15 thousand stars on GitHub ! Wow ! Due to the network isolation however , you would have to run it in -- net=host mode to monitor your network devices .
The problem with network isolation
A positive feature which comes from network isolation is that the attack surface becomes very small , if somebody manages to exploit a weakness in a running container . For example , if netdata was running on the host network , and someone would manage to exploit it - they would have the capability of joining botnets and disrupting operations of other people , but in the more destructive cases - they can literally turn off your network interfaces with ifconfig [ interface ] down . I do n't know , do we still have passwords ? I 've used a SSH key to log into every server for at least a decade now and I 'd be hard pressed to guess what kind of password I set on any local user .
I guess in part it 's the point of single responsibility that makes me avoid putting netdata on the host network . It 's meant to collect what it can from /sys and /proc filesystems and with read-only access on those provide real-time insight into how your system is operating .
How the proc filesystem works
In effect , the proc filesystem is not an actual file system - it 's bits and bytes are not stored anywhere but are retrieved from internal linux kernel structures whenever somebody opens a file . So when you open and read /proc/net/dev , what happens is that you 're really interfacing with the kernel , which returns the data which was collected at that point . So , when netdata reads from the /proc filesystem , it utilizes the kernel to retrieve data from any allowed endpoints .
So , plainly put , we can read which processes are running on the host with SYS_PTRACE and traversing /proc/ { pid } structures , but when netdata tries to read anything under /proc/net/ * the read will be rejected due to network isolation . It 's either a “ you can do nothing ” or “ you can do everything ” type of world in this sense .
Workaround test 1
My first test with providing netdata with /proc/net contents was optimistic . If you notice , when you list files under the proc filesystem , they are reported with a size 0 , and when you actually read them you will get data which is most likely longer then 0 bytes .
My first idea was just to run rsync on the /proc/net location and copy the files into another folder . It works on paper , but , it actually does n't work . You get a folder with bunches of files which are size 0 . You should actually read a file , but rsync I suppose just sees “ oh it 's size zero , i will read 0 bytes ” .
I did n't actually see what rsync does , but either way , I did guess it would be prohibitive from a system viewpoint to run exec to start up a new rsync process several times per second .
Workaround test 2
Obviously , you can do cat /proc/net/dev > /fakenet/dev , as long as you create the fakenet folder beforehand . We can find out what files are under /proc/net with find -type f , and then traverse them and cat/pipe them into the new fake location .
Well , I did try it but there 's still the same problem as with rsync - any kind of fake proc filesystem copy would be load heavy , spawning a process multiple times per second .
Final full-bash solution
I created the final bash script that does a few things to optimize speed . Here are all the tricks explained ;
OUTPUT= '' /dev/shm/fakenet/ '' ;
We are writing to /dev/shm/fakenet location to optimize for input/output . SHM stands for shared memory , which is where the contents are kept . Every time we 're writing a file there , we 're using only RAM .
SOURCES= '' /proc/net/dev ...
I list individual sources , sure , to avoid an exec call for find , but also because the list of files which netdata monitors is known from it 's source code . Because we know which files netdata expects , we can only copy those files instead of the complete /proc/net location and subfolders . Yay for using only what we need .
OUTFILE= '' $ { NETFILE:10 } '' echo `` $ ( < $ NETFILE ) '' > $ OUTPUT $ OUTFILE
These are the two lines which I 'm most proud of in the whole script .
$ { NETFILE:10 } - skips the first 10 characters of /proc/net/dev , leaving $ OUTFILE set as dev ,
- skips the first 10 characters of , leaving $ OUTFILE set as , $ ( < $ NETFILE ) - reads /proc/net/dev and the double quotes around it keep the newline characters as-is ,
- reads and the double quotes around it keep the newline characters as-is , As the echo command is internal to bash ( and not equal to /bin/echo ) - there are no exec calls in the code
I am amazed at how much bash code I write lately . And I 'm fine with that . There 's an additional sleep 0.23 , which will pause the synching for that amount of seconds , so the proc filesystem will be copied about 4 times per second . Of course , this means that the accuracy of reading from the fake proc filesystem is not the same , and the data may be delayed up to 250ms in the worst case . This will result in some jagged graphs , but if it 's a problem for you and you do n't mind some extra cpu cycles , you can decrease the sleep interval .
Putting it all together
As I saved the fakenet.sh script to github , we can download it and run it ourselves :
wget https : //raw.githubusercontent.com/titpetric/netdata/master/fakenet.sh chmod a+x fakenet.sh nohup ./fakenet.sh > /dev/null 2 > & 1 &
We download it , we set it as executable , and we run it in the background ( & ) + add nohup to keep it running after we log out of the system . It 's a bit of the lowest common denominator , you can run the script under screen if you like . As soon as you run the above , all you need to run is netdata :
docker run -- cap-add SYS_PTRACE \ -v /proc : /host/proc : ro \ -v /sys : /host/sys : ro \ -v /dev/shm/fakenet : /fakenet/proc/net \ -p 19999:19999 -- name netdata -d \ titpetric/netdata
You can then visit netdata by going to http : //your-ip-or-host.name:19999/ . For more information about netdata itself , there 's the longer readme on titpetric/netdata which you can check out for more wisdom .
Caveat emptor
Obviously , reading from a partial copy of the proc filesystem is not exactly the same as reading from an actual filesystem . Some data might still be missing ( I 'm missing net under individual docker containers for example ) . But at least I know what 's up with my eth0 without exposing too much . For the more initiated , I 'd recommend sticking with -- net=host in LAN networks , and at least think about how to protect netdata in the DMZ if running on the host network . I guess it 's not very responsible to have it wide open to the internet , where everybody is screaming .
In the spirit of the Thanksgiving holiday I 'm making a “ black friday ” deal for my book API Foundations in Go . The link includes a coupon taking 50 % off your book purchase , bringing the minumum down to $ 5 . The link is valid until November 26th , so hurry up and get it while you can .
While I have you here ...
It would be great if you buy one of my books :
I promise you 'll learn a lot more if you buy one . Buying a copy supports me writing more about similar topics . Say thank you and buy my books .
Feel free to send me an email if you want to book my time for consultancy/freelance services . I 'm great at APIs , Go , Docker , VueJS and scaling services , among many other things .
That 's the kind of headline that pisses off Republicans and their enablers . Comparing the good ol ' USA with anything ... ewwwwwww ... European is barely short of treasonous . Of course , if they had an ounce of real pride in their country and compassion for their fellow Americans , they would be irked not by the headline but by its accuracy . What they have instead is an open spigot of cash from corporadoes keen on keeping a health-care system that costs more but delivers less than health-care systems in Europe and Canada .
( Source : Commonwealth Fund )
During 2010 , according to the Commonwealth Fund 's Biennial Health Insurance Survey released last Tuesday , 52 million Americans—that 's the total population of Sweden , Finland , Denmark , Norway , Belgium and the Netherlands—had no health insurance in all or part of the year . In 2001 , the number was 38 million . That 's a 35 percent increase in a decade when the U.S. population rose only 10 percent . Not only did all the people in those six countries have health coverage , each of their health-care systems were rated better than America 's . Bottom line : They cost less , provide more , cover everybody .
Unsurprisingly , one of the main reasons the number of uninsured soared to this record high is because the deep recession that put millions out of a job took their health coverage along with it . Nearly three of five who lost their jobs also wound up uninsured . And of those who lost job-based coverage , just 25 percent were able to find health insurance elsewhere . Only 14 percent kept themselves insured with COBRA , which allows people to continue individual coverage under their former employers ' health plans . If they can pay for it . But most people without a job ca n't pay , even with the government 's subsidy .
What that means is they 're less likely to get a pap smear , have their blood pressure checked or fill prescriptions for chronic conditions . And it 's not just the uninsured who do n't do those things . Health care is so expensive that an estimated 75 million Americans skipped going to a doctor , filling prescriptions or otherwise getting treatment that they needed in 2009-2010 . Ten years ago , that figure was 47 million .
So how did the uninsured who did seek care pay for it ? With their savings or putting it on their credit cards or taking out a loan or second mortgage . The survey also found :
In 2010 , 31 percent of adults who were insured all year spent 10 percent or more of their income on out-of-pocket costs and premiums , up from 19 percent in 2001 . This increase was driven by greater spending on both premiums and out-of-pocket costs . ... Medical bill problems led people to make significant trade-offs , including using up all their savings , not being able to pay for necessities such as food , heat , or rent , incurring credit card debt , taking out a loan or mortgage against their home , or declaring bankruptcy . More than half ( 56 % ) or 41 million people with medical bill problems or debt reported making any one of these trade-offs .
Since the beginning of the recession , medical expenses have catapulted 4 million Americans into bankruptcy . The bleak statistics just go on and on .
`` Obscene '' is one of the milder words that comes to mind when describing the situation . But there 's a smidgen of good news .
At a press conference announcing the Commonwealth Fund 's report , President Karen Davis said : `` The silver lining is that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act has already begun to bring relief to families . Once the new law is fully implemented , we can be confident that no future recession will have the power to strip so many Americans of their health security . ''
If the law is fully implemented , most of the 52 million who had no health insurance for part or all of last year wo n't find themselves in the same boat again . A big if since right-wing foes of the act are set on killing it outright or defunding it in whole or in part between now and when all its provisions become operative in 2014 . And that 's an attack on a reform that does n't measure up to what citizens of other countries already have . While these right-wingers despise anything with even a whiff of the European , it 's Americans they 're making war on . Putting an end to that means severing ties between them and their paymasters . That is no short-term goal , and elections alone wo n't achieve it .
• • • • •
james321 and Avenging Angel have written diaries on this subject .
Chloe Leach , 21 , had drank around four cans of the energy drink and several VKs - a vodka based drink which also contains caffeine - when they suddenly fell to the floor in the Sugarmill club in Hull , East Yorks. , on September 30 last year .
Miss Leach , a third-year social work student , of Cottingham , East Yorks. , died at the scene despite efforts from staff and paramedics to revive them
A doctor told the inquest into their death on Monday that it may have been caused by the caffeine triggering a rare heart condition .
It was thought initially that their drink had been spiked but the theory was rebutted by a medical expert at the hearing .
Miss Leach , who had been diagnosed with epilepsy in 2001 after suffering fits and seizures , was believed to have QT Syndrome - a condition which affects the electric activity in the heart .
They also had an abnormally large heart , and the doctor who carried out the post-mortem felt it was `` probable '' that the caffeine had raised their QT Syndrome level to `` abnormal '' .
Dr Ian Scott , a consultant neuropathologist , said : `` On the basis of probability , their epilepsy , the QT , their abnormal heart and the the high levels of caffeine found , the most likely cause of death was a cardiac arrhythmia due to underlying QT Syndrome .
`` I excluded drugs as a cause - the only drugs they had taken was their anti-epilepsy medication . QT sufferers are prone to sudden arrests , the threat of which may not be detected during normal scans . ''
Miss Leach 's mum Tina had suffered a heart attack some time ago and their cousin had previously died suddenly , which meant their entire family were scanned to search for defects , the hearing was told .
Although they were never officially diagnosed with the syndrome , they had a QT `` upper limit '' which Dr Scott added could have increased in the years following their scans .
They said : `` The QT levels may have grown over a few years , or it may have been artificially pushed over the limit by caffeine . ''
In the early hours of the club 's student night , just before Miss Leach collapsed at around 3am , guest DJ Danny Latimer was hospitalised claiming their drink had been spiked , leading to rumours that they had been the victim of a similar crime .
But it emerged that the former 'Shipwrecked ' star had been charged with possessing Class C drugs and perverting the course of justice , and any link between the two incidents was dismissed . A medical report confirmed that Miss Leach had no drugs in their system other than their anti-epilepsy medication .
Miss Leach 's mum Tina , giving evidence , said : `` Chloe was careful regarding their consumption of caffeine . They would drink Red Bull occasionally and was aware it contained caffeine .
`` My concern is that we will never ever be able to prove they had QT Syndrome . We will always doubt the circumstances surrounding Chloe that night . I accept that we do n't have any evidence they had any substance in their blood , but the description we have of what happened to the DJ is so similar to what happened to them
`` It seems too much of a coincidence and there are so many things that do n't add up . ''
Ellouise Maxwell , who lived with Miss Leache and was also on their course at the University of Lincoln , Hull Campus , said : `` She was a happy , funny , optimistic , positive girl . They were the top student out of 90 on the course . ''
They added that hours before the night out on which they died , Miss Leach had complained of felling dizzy during a lecture but put this down to period pains .
Later they went to a friend 's house , where they have drunk a bottle of wine together with two cans of Red Bull because they `` felt tired '' . They then drank approximately two more cans of the energy drink and a couple of VK drinks .
Another friend , Lorna Green , said : `` I saw Chloe fall . I thought they had tripped up . They were being sick but was not having a fit . ''
Dr Stephen Morley , a consultant pathologist , said of Miss Leach 's Red Bull consumption : '' She may have had as little as two cans , they may have had as many as six . It was more probably about four . ''
They added that a normal cup of coffee has 40 milligrammes of caffeine , and Red Bull has 80 milligrammes in each can .
The family 's GP confirmed that Chloe had suffered their first fit in 1991 and also fainted and had a seizure in two separate incidents in 2001 . They were diagnosed with epilepsy , and had one further seizure in October 2002 , but after that had not suffered again with fits .
Geoffrey Saul , the coroner , ruled that Miss Leach died of natural causes .
They said : `` The most likely trigger was Long QT Syndrome . Dr Ian Scott , who conducted the post-mortem into their death , accepted they had never been diagnosed with this , but they reasoned this could have grown over the years .
`` She had been diagnosed as being in the upper limit , and their ingestion of caffeine in the Red Bull may have led them to move above the threshold to abnormal . ''
After the inquest , Miss Leach 's family said in a statement : `` Chloe was a very promising , delightful young student of impeccable character and soon to be qualified social worker . Not only is Chloe 's loss a heartbreaking loss to our family , Chloe is a loss to society too . ''
How a problematic medical device has escaped FDA regulation .
When mesh works its way out through the vaginal wall and extrudes into the vagina , the woman experiences excruciating pain . During intercourse , mesh can lacerate their partner 's penis .
Years of activism have made women 's health a topic of everyday conversation . The mechanics of mammograms and the pros and cons of cervical cancer vaccines are familiar , but one common health problem that affects millions of women remains virtually unknown .
Time , gravity and childbirth can weaken a woman 's pelvic floor muscles and stretch out the ligaments that hold up their uterus , bladder and/or bowel , causing the organs to sag and bulge into the vagina—or even protrude from it—a disorder known as pelvic organ prolapse ( POP ) . Up to half of all women will develop some degree of prolapse , and the diagnosis will become more common as the Baby Boomers age . One in 10 women suffering from prolapse will eventually need surgery to correct it , and every year about 300,000 women undergo prolapse surgery .
The symptoms depend on which organs are bulging and how much . A bladder bulging through the front wall of the vagina can cause incontinence , or difficulty voiding . A prolapsed rectum or small intestine can interfere with defecation . Women with prolapse may report pain during sex , a visible bulge , or a feeling like something is about to fall out of the vagina .
The condition can be debilitating and demoralizing—though rarely life-threatening . But for some patients , the cure can be worse than the disease .
Prolapse repair kits
In medical and regulatory circles a controversy is raging over the use of non-absorbable mesh for the transvaginal repair of pelvic organ prolapse . Use of the mesh has been linked to permanent and disabling complications , including chronic pain , nerve damage and infection . To many health activists , synthetic transvaginal mesh is a poster child for the flaws of our medical device regulation system .
One common way to repair pelvic organ prolapse is to shore up the sagging tissue through an incision in the vaginal wall , a kind of surgery that has long been the preserve of highly trained pelvic reconstructive surgeons . But since the early aughts , mesh for transvaginal prolapse repair has been increasingly sold in kits , which typically contain pre-cut pieces of mesh and long needles to push the mesh deep into the pelvis and anchor it to the pelvic floor . These kits have opened up POP surgery to much less experienced surgeons .
Kits are also profitable for device manufacturers . In 2010 , 79,500 mesh kits were sold in the United States . A single kit of sterile mesh and disposable instruments—cheap raw materials—yields a healthy profit margin when sold for $ 2,000 apiece . About 20 POP mesh products are cleared for sale and actively marketed in the United States .
Unfortunately , the boom in transvaginal mesh kits may be based on a defective surgical theory . Tom Margolis , a Bay Area pelvic surgeon who specializes in removing mesh , paid their own way to testify before an FDA meeting last September . They testified that the use of synthetic mesh for transvaginal repair of pelvic organ prolapse contradicts core principles of surgery . The vagina is a clean-contaminated surgical field , which means that unlike the skin of the abdomen , it ca n't be fully disinfected before surgery . Infection is a risk for any type of implantable device . Passing a porous mesh through a contaminated field is an invitation to infection . Margolis says transvaginal mesh violates the Golden Rule of Surgery : “ You shall never implant a synthetic object into anyone 's body , anywhere , if it 's contaminated . ”
Daniel Elliott , a urologic surgeon at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minn. , who co-signed a petition by Public Citizen calling on the FDA to take POP mesh off the market , wrote in a public letter last August , “ All too frequently , industry knowingly targets less experienced surgeons , knowing these mesh kits have not , and never will be , accepted by more experienced surgeons who are fully aware of their inherent risk without benefit . ”
All surgery for pelvic organ prolapse has risks . However , mesh has a unique risk of complications due to a phenomenon known as “ erosion. ” Within a year , in about 10 percent of patients , the mesh can work its way to the surface of the vagina , or into another tissue plane where it is n't supposed to be . Margolis argues that most erosion is driven by infection . In many cases , the mesh is like a giant , festering splinter , attempting to work its way out .
Margolis sees patients with mesh that has become an infected foreign body oozing foul-smelling discharge . Some have done damage to adjacent organs from the mesh itself cutting into other organs .
They put it this way : “ It 's like a slow death sentence . ”
Enmeshed in pain
When mesh works its way out through the vaginal wall and extrudes into the vagina , a woman can experience excruciating pain . Exposed mesh is also a hazard for their male partner . During intercourse , exposed mesh can lacerate their penis .
“ It is more like a cigarette burn that leaves the entire vaginal wall red and inflamed , and each step you take rubs the open wound against the other side , ” 54-year-old Janet Holt told the FDA meeting in 2011 . “ It is complete torture. ” They described how their mesh shrank by a third , folded in half , and abscessed at the creases between their legs and their groin .
An analysis for the Systematic Review Group of the Society of Gynecologic Surgeons of 110 studies and 11,785 women found that mesh eroded in about 10 percent of patients . Of the patients with erosion , 21 percent were successfully treated with estrogen cream , 11 percent had pieces of mesh cut out in a doctor 's office , and 56 percent had successful removal surgeries the first time around . The remaining 23 percent needed two or three surgeries to get the mesh out . Lana Keeton , the founder of the patient advocacy group Truth In Medicine , notes that some women need even more surgeries .
Once in , mesh is very difficult to remove . Margolis has performed more than 100 salvage surgeries to remove mesh . They liken the task to getting rebar out of set concrete without damaging any of the surrounding water mains or electrical cables – an almost impossible task . It is painstaking work , and occasionally , they are forced to settle for partial removal , as some of the mesh is too deeply embedded to remove safely .
Even when mesh is successfully removed , the chronic pain does not necessarily go away . And one study found that some patients with mesh repairs are more likely to develop new urinary incontinence .
Many women will have good outcomes with or without mesh . Proponents of mesh say that the grafts create more durable repairs than non-mesh surgeries , and that non-mesh repairs have a high failure rate . A large retrospective study from the pre-mesh-kit era found that 29 percent of women who had surgery for pelvic organ prolapse or incontinence had to have at least one re-operation . Mesh advocates also say that trying to rearrange prolapsed pelvic organs using only native connective tissue , which tends to be weaker in women with prolapse to begin with , can be an exercise in futility . ( Skeptics like Elliott insist skilled surgeons can treat any candidate for surgery without mesh , and thereby eliminate the risks of mesh-induced complications . ) Jeff Secunda , a vice president at AdvaMed , a trade association representing medical device manufacturers , says mesh is an “ important treatment option ” with an “ established track record. ” They add that in recent years collaboration between the device manufacturers , doctors and regulatory bodies has “ supported and sustained patient safety and innovation . ”
FDA begins to stir
Mesh repairs are supposed to be more durable , but in the last few years , the FDA has become increasingly concerned that may not be the case . In 2011 , the FDA analyzed the Medicare database and found that of the 212,113 patients who underwent transvaginal repair for prolapse , those who got mesh were 2.26 times more likely to need repeat surgery than those who did n't . However , since the study was n't randomized , it 's possible that women already at a greater risk of relapse were more likely to get mesh .
In 2008 , the FDA warned patients and doctors that its post-market surveillance was picking up a troubling pattern of adverse events . By 2011 , the agency warned that complications from mesh were not rare , and could be serious . In September 2011 , the FDA held a public meeting to hear opinions about mesh regulation . In early 2012 , the FDA ordered mesh manufacturers to test the safety and efficacy of their products and report back . Mesh products that do n't pass the tests could be taken off the market .
Regulatory lapses
So why was mesh approved for use in POP surgeries in the first place ?
The FDA is responsible for regulating all medical devices on the U.S. market , from the low-tech tongue depressor to the state-of-the-art heart valve . Drugs and medical devices are regulated differently , based on certain assumptions : Compared to drugs , devices tend to have a shorter product life cycle , may be used by relatively few people , and are expected to undergo incremental changes from one model to the next .
This kind of thinking makes sense for traditional medical devices like power scooters and heart rate monitors . It 's more problematic for permanently implantable devices like pelvic mesh or artificial hips—very few of which were on the market when Congress set up the current regulatory framework for medical devices in 1976 . A drug might wear off in a few hours , but transvaginal mesh is supposed to last a lifetime .
Moderate-risk ( Class II ) and high-risk ( Class III ) devices must pass an FDA review before they go on the market , which can be accomplished by one of two ways : The manufacturer may submit evidence that the device is safe and effective , or it may submit evidence that the device is substantially equivalent to another product ( known in the business as a “ predicate ” ) that is already on the market . The latter approach , referred to as 510 ( k ) , is much quicker and cheaper than the former , and accounts for more than 90 percent of medical devices cleared for market .
The 510 ( k ) process was originally intended for lower-risk products like surgical gloves and hearing aids . It was not designed to evaluate safety and effectiveness because it was supposed to be for minor upgrades to low-risk devices that had already been shown to be safe .
Polypropylene mesh has been used since the 1950s for hernia repairs . In the 1970s , gynecologists began experimenting with mesh for POP repairs . In 2001 , the FDA—without reviewing clinical data or proof of safety and efficacy – determined that surgical mesh intended for POP repair was substantially equivalent to surgical mesh for hernia repair . Two years later , the FDA approved the first synthetic mesh kit for POP .
“ 510 ( k ) is an outrageous choice for any kind of implanted medical device , ” says Diana M. Zuckerman , president of the National Research Center for Women & Families , an advocacy group that has been urging the FDA to get transvaginal mesh off the market .
The standard for 510 ( k ) clearance is substantial equivalence . The reasoning goes something like this : If Device A is safe and effective , and you can show that Device B is a lot like Device A , then it may be safe to assume that B is safe and effective as well .
That sounds reasonable until you consider that Device A may never have been shown to be safe or effective in the first place . Some devices were on the market before 1976 and were grandfathered into the new system of regulation .
A device can even serve as a predicate even though it has been shown to be unsafe . Under current law , the FDA must accept Device A as a valid predicate even after it has been recalled for defects that endanger patient health and safety . As long as the intended use and technological characteristics are the same , the FDA ca n't refuse to grant substantial equivalence to B based on defects in A 's design .
The problems of the system are obvious . For example , mesh products are on the market today ( such as Ethicon 's Gynecare TVT ) that were cleared based on their substantial equivalence to the ProteGen bladder sling—which was withdrawn in 1999 after hundreds of women reported severe pain , life-threatening infections and neurological complications . The ProteGen sling had originally been approved in 1996 when it was deemed substantially equivalent to an earlier mesh product used for cardiovascular surgery .
All surgical mesh is categorized as Class II ( moderate-risk ) . Pre-amendment devices in Class I ( low-risk ) and Class II—like hernia meshes—were never comprehensively evaluated by the FDA for safety and effectiveness .
The FDA is currently considering whether to reclassify transvaginal POP mesh as a Class III device . FDA spokesperson Michelle Bolek explained that if this mesh is reclassified , all mesh products , including those already on the market , will have to apply for premarket approval . Predictably , the industry is resisting the move , insisting that the existing controls on Class II devices are sufficient to protect the public .
The Obama FDA deserves praise for taking action on transvaginal mesh , but the struggle illustrates why the regulatory framework for medical devices needs to change . If transvaginal meshes had to demonstrate their safety and effectiveness before going on the market , the FDA would n't be playing catch-up to rein in a product that has already hurt tens of thousands of women .
Most woodsmen and women are familiar with the age-old adage : Leave No Trace . The phrase means that while we are enjoying the beauty of the wilderness , we should make as small of an impact on the ecosystems we are traversing as possible . Ideally , there should be , literally , no trace you have been in the woods – other than the beautiful Instagram photo you will post when you return to society . However , not all outdoorsmen adhere to this philosophy and trash in wilderness areas is a huge problem .
Knowing this , two friends , Seth Orme and Paule Twedt , decided to embark on an epic journey to clean up all the waste left behind . The pair set out with a route that would span from Mexico up to Canada as they followed the Pacific Crest Trail and the Appalachian Trail . They also decided to step away from the traditional Leave No Trace philosophy in favor of a new one they called , Packing It Out . The idea behind this philosophy is that hikers should not just leave the ecosystems they pass through in the same state – they should improve the conditions of the wilderness when they can .
Advertisement
The pair started out on the Appalachian Trail on August 15th , 2015 , and over the course of their 2189.4-mile trek , they carried out 1090.5 pounds of trash ! They then completed the 2655.8 mile Pacific Crest Trail and packed out 721.2 pounds of trash during their journey . So why were these two men driven to be extream , unpaid garbage men ?
Seth Orme had been a hiking and kayaking guide for years .
Twedt started working for the Montana Conservation Corps at 23 and has been outdoors ever since .
The pair 's close ties to nature inspired them to start cleaning it up .
Seth told the Independent , “ When you work in the outdoors , you get to the point where you 're sleeping more outside than inside , and the outdoors becomes your home . And like any home , I wanted to keep it clean , so it became a habit . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
The two have a blog and hope that by telling their story , they can inspire others to embrace the Packing It Out mentality when they go into nature .
The two want to make an international trek in 2018 – and we ca n't wait to hear about it !
Advertisement
While they are attempting to arrange funding for their 2018 adventure , they are setting their sites a little closer to home . In April of this year , they plan on making a 2,500 miles bike ride from Cumberland Island in Georgia , to the Olympic Peninsula in Washington State and pack out all the litter they find along the way .
Advertisement
These two rock stars have definitely inspired us to embrace their Packing It Out philosophy and we applaud them for all of their hard work . To follow their next epic journey , chek out their blog .
We love inspiring stories like this and hope that all you incredible activists out there will get excited about cleaning up our environment as well ! If you want to learn how to cut down on your waste on a daily basis , check out One Green Planet 's # CrushPlastic movement and learn how to keep litter out of your life .
Advertisement
Image source : Packing It Out
The Chinese government 's help to farmers in Pakistan 's rural areas has raised the prospects of a better life for many poverty-stricken people .
Ghulam Sarwar , a 41-year-old farmer from the Tando Allahyar district of Southern Sindh , was a fairly well-off farmer with three acres of land ( 1.214 hectares ) until 2009 when the “ bunchy top virus ” devastated their banana fields and made it hard for them to feed their own family .
“ It was the worst time of my life , I spent all my savings in one year and borrowed more . I could see only darkness everywhere , ” Sarwar told Xinhua . “ That was until 500 free plants of a Chinese banana variety ‘ William-8818 ' brought me out of the financial crisis and reenergised and entirely changed my life . ”
Sarwar was among the thousands of Pakistanis who lost their means of earnings after the viral disease destroyed more than half of 85,992 acres of land used for banana cultivation in Pakistan , according to official statistics .
Senior Director at the Pakistan Agricultural Research Council ( PARC ) Abdul Ghafoor said , “ In 2009 , China and Pakistan launched the Pak-China Cooperation for Agricultural Research and Development , a joint venture with Rs 255.712 million ( $ 2.452 million ) to maximise the productivity per unit of land in six fields , including cotton , banana , oil seeds , maize , sugarcane and efficient irrigation systems . ”
“ The main purpose of the project is to achieve food security , poverty reduction , economic efficiency , export competitiveness , human resource development and production and promotion of hybrid seeds in collaboration with the Chinese experts , ” said Ghafoor , who heads the project that was due to end in June but will be extended to 2018 .
The germplasm ( seeds or tissues ) or crops acquired from China have successfully passed trials in different areas of Pakistan and the hybrid seeds have been distributed among poor farmers , with the support of the Chinese team led by Ye Wei from the Hubei Seed Group of China .
During the past two years , at least 130,000 banana plants of three different Chinese varieties , William-8818 , Brazilian and Pisang , have been distributed among the farmers , especially in Sindh , which accounts for 87 per cent of Pakistan 's total banana cultivation . Under the project , an agriculture lab in the Thatta district of Sindh has also been upgraded to 200,000 plants annually to facilitate the local banana production .
Sarwar is utterly delighted because the 500 William-8818 plants have more than doubled their income to almost Rs 500,000 ( $ 4,807 ) annually , as the plant is tall , weather resistant and produces a better shelf-life banana bunch , with an average weight of 30 kg . It is 150 per cent more than that of the previous variety 's bunch , which weighed 12 kg on average .
According to the project director , Pakistan 's banana plantation is based on traditional methods , but they hoped that all the previous varieties will be replaced with Chinese verities in the next four to five years . They said that will not only give Pakistan self-reliance in banana production , with international quality standards , but also support it in poverty reduction .
According to a World Bank report in 2014 , more than 50 per cent of Pakistan 's population of 192 million is living below the poverty line of $ 2 a day .
The World Bank report said the country has made impressive progress in reducing absolute poverty , however , a large portion of the population remains vulnerable to falling back into poverty as 13 per cent of the total population lives on an amount between $ 1.25 and $ 1.50 per day .
According to Pakistan 's national poverty line of Rs 3,030 ( $ 29 ) income per month , the ratio of the population living below the poverty line has fallen from 64.3 per cent in 2001 to 29.5 per cent in 2014 , thanks to local and foreign-funded poverty alleviation initiatives .
Minister for Planning , Development and Reforms Ahsan Iqbal told Xinhua that international economic observers projected a rise in Pakistan 's economic growth to 4.5 per cent in 2016 and then further to 4.8 per cent next year , supported by strong growth in industry and services as well as the projects under the China Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC ) .
China has been constructing a 2,442-km-long economic corridor in Pakistan with $ 46 billion investment that will link the western side of China to Pakistan 's southwestern deep water port of Gwadar .
Under the CPEC , a number of projects , including industrial parks along the corridor , energy projects , railway and road infrastructure , and science and technology cooperation , will create hundreds of thousands of job opportunities for Pakistanis .
Minister Iqbal said out of the $ 46 billion , $ 35 billion are being invested in energy projects that will breathe new life into Pakistan 's energy-starved industries and will also pave the way for Pakistan to make its Vision 2025 successful and halve the poverty rate .
“ Pakistanis are envisioning increased prosperity ahead , because Chinese investment can elevate Pakistan into the category of fast-emerging economies of the world . But , besides investments , Pakistan desperately needs Chinese support in the skills development sector for its workforce as well as transfer of modern technology to make the development sustainable , ” Independent Bureau for Human Issues Director Professor Saeed Chaudhary said .
They said the immense benefits from the Chinese investment in agriculture , textile , engineering , minerals , chemicals , tourism and other sectors of Pakistan are reaching grassroots levels and have greatly and quantifiably helped alleviate poverty in Pakistan .
Donald Trump speaks at the Trump Soho Hotel in New York on June 22 , 2016 ( AFP Photo/Kena Betancur )
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump defied the laws of mathematics on Thursday , claiming that they could have turned around the Supreme Court 's 5-3 abortion ruling by nominating a pro-life justice to replace Antonin Scalia .
Radio host Mike Gallagher noted during an interview with the candidate that the Supreme Court “ handed the pro-life movement a disappointing decision ” by striking down a Texas law that made it more difficult for women to get abortions .
Trump suggested that the 5-3 decision would have been flipped to a 5-4 decision upholding the law if they had been able to fill the vacancy left by the death of Scalia with a pro-life judge .
“ Now if we had Scalia was living or is Scalia was replaced by me , ” Trump said , “ you would n't have had that . Okay ? It would have been the opposite . ”
“ So just to confirm , ” Gallagher pressed . “ Under a Donald — a President Donald Trump-appointed Supreme Court , you would n't see a majority ruling like the one we had with the Texas abortion law this week . ”
“ No , you would n't see that , ” Trump insisted . “ And people understand that . ”
Ignoring the fact that it would have been impossible to confirm a new justice prior to the ruling , replacing Scalia with another pro-life justice would likely have had no impact on the ruling . The Texas law would still have been overturned 5-4 instead of 5-3 .
Listen to the audio in MP3 format .
( h/t : Sopan Deb )
by
The United States , France and England—today 's bald-faced fiction of an “ international community ” —believe they can use their twin battle horses , “ human rights ” and “ democracy , ” indefinitely in their effort to destabilize international relations and world order , as flawed as these have been .
They have already ripped through the social , political and economic fabric of numerous countries : Syria , Iraq , Libya , Afghanistan , Somalia , Sudan , Yemen , Nicaragua , El Salvador , Chile , Myanmar , Venezuela , and having failed in Russia proper , now Ukraine . Sanction-hemmed Iran will forever be in their sights , regardless of the outcome of the nuclear negotiations .
There are many ways to wage war . The easiest , most cost-effective is propaganda . Only , propaganda is as fleeting as a Hollywood flick . Still , Western leaders figure that here they are immune , because they imagine this to be a one-way street . With the West 's frozen perch on the “ moral high ground , ” other nations ' interests appear peripheral , at best , to the main design of the Anglo-American axis , which is now caught in the death grip of an increasingly useless Israel .
New marriage of left and right
Western politics today embodies a historic alliance forged as far back as early last century between both “ conservative ” and “ liberal ” demagogues . Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany , both of which blazed this trail for everyone , proved how easily the “ West ” –another reigning fiction–can be the graveyard of “ liberal democracy. ” Not by repression , but through ideological assimilation . Lyndon B. Johnson is a perfect example of a war-mongering “ progressive liberal. ” They married the War on Communism with the War on Poverty , a policy that arguably triggered the start of the US 's torturous but sure decline . Their epigones are former Trotskyites turned Zionist commentators , and antiwar liberals like current Secretary of State John Kerry standing at the forefront of elaborate foreign campaigns of destabilization .
Working in unison with our politicians are ideologically driven outfits like Human Rights Watch , not to mention the thousands of professional “ activists ” milling around the world . HRW has pretty deep pockets for an NGO , even in times of severe fiscal compression . It associates and is supported by ubiquitous American Zionist groups , which are directly coordinated by Israel regardless of their political affiliation . It has the backing of shadowy American foundations and the US Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) , a virtual “ Who 's Who ” of the US foreign policy elite . Well-subsidized , it engages in elaborate media stunts involving photo exhibitions , musical concerts , and brain-addled pronouncement by entertainment stars .
HRW is now beating the drum of war at a frenetic pace , much as we remember Amnesty International doing at the height of the Cold War . As the West churns out its propaganda on an industrial scale , however , this is precisely the moment when the “ Western march ” eastward seems to be coming to a screeching halt on the Eurasian landmass .
Stars are not forever
All the propaganda , serial lying and self-flattery in the world will not save the day if the very source of “ power ” has been extinguished . Today , the West is like a dead star . It may shine on still , but its short 150-year moment of glory has already passed . And , as a result , Chancellor Angela Merkel , or whoever succeeds them as de facto head of the European Union , may find their still-occupied Germany in a dangerous political vortex .
The point is that Western inanities are contributing handsomely to its collapsing narrative ; and Ukraine is looking increasingly like the dark room that just got lit , catching the West head and limb in the cookie jar ! Western governments have had a field day presenting arguments to the public based , almost invariably , on wild assumptions and claims that have no basis in reality except in the minds of armchair strategists , secret plotters and lunatics .
One recent example is an article in Foreign Affairs , a major establishment policy journal ( “ The Good and Bad of Ahrar al-Sham . An al-Qaeda–Linked Group Worth Befriending , ” by Michael Doran et al. ) . Its authors casually argue for American rapprochement with Saudi-sponsored Wahhabi jihadists around the world , as if this has not already happened .
The mock ignorance behind such moral acrobatics , in this case indistinguishable from US attempts to legitimize violent criminal elements innocuously grouped under the umbrella of a “ Syrian Opposition , ” reveals a fundamental weakness . “ Fundamental ” because , as it manifests itself now in Ukraine , American and Western impotence is obvious to everyone in the “ international community. ” Establishment newspapers like Die Zeit in Germany have seen right through President Obama 's grim antics .
Therefore , Western largesse to the dregs of Ukrainian society—ultra-nationalists with known links to Nazi proxy forces back in WWII—is not a sign of strength , but of something that is not “ quite right ” with the West . It bespeaks a strategy of the weak , revealing a far more sinister design than even the expanding rivalry into which the US is now locking itself with the Russian Federation entails in the short term .
The very first question that comes to mind , even if the authors of the article are correct in distinguishing good from bad Wahhabi terrorists is , to what end ? What do the authors hope Obama would achieve with such an alliance ? More successes like Iraq and Libya ? The West has had a uniform record of failure starting with the Korean War . Perhaps it 's all about liberty , or some antiquated American version of “ democracy . ”
The United States is operating , more than ever , under the cloak of “ revolutionism , ” one based on the notion that human rights must be practiced according to US dictates and whenever the US pleases—not before or after !
Naturally , this new tribal redefinition of liberty requires the demolition of “ regimes ” refusing to embrace America 's “ self-evident truths ” and rejecting its antique sense of exceptionalism . But because nobody has the patience to listen anymore , Obama the “ permanent revolutionary ” regularly has to issue military threats , impose sanctions , etc. , just to be heard over the growing din of misery around the world .
With its elaborate sanctions regime against Iran falling apart , even before new rounds of negotiation , the United States has returned to its old tactic of deploying armed terrorist militias , just as it did against Central America , Southern Africa , Southeast Asia , of course Afghanistan under the Soviets , and other countries . Bloodthirsty terrorists–and literally , FSA cannibals who film themselves eating human flesh–apparently pose no obstacle today . We simply nickname them “ moderates ” or “ fighters against Tyranny ” —more offensively , “ activists . ”
Is this how human rights and democracy are to be established in countries we claim to care about ? Or , is this a useful instrument with which to demolish states that the governments of both the US and Israel feel are blocking their view of the glorious future awaiting us all under Israel-American “ guidance . ”
Bibi Bombs
What currently drives the United States is a cartoonish vision of the world at the intellectual level of Bibi the Bomber during their comical address at the UN . I say this because it has become amply clear the US is on a fast-track to the “ dustbin of history ” on this march , with lots of help from Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu , and is in no position to dictate .
American losses are piling up . The purpose of using Saudi-sponsored and Israeli advised armies of Wahhabi terrorists , most devastatingly in Syria , is not to build anything , but to pave the way for direct foreign control in an increasingly desperate situation for the Anglo-American alliance with Israel on nearly every front ( geopolitical , diplomatic and economic ) .
We get glimpses of the US 's survival strategy and its reach deep inside other countries thanks to tapped conversations ( like that of the US envoy Nuland , caught mouthing off with expletives about the EU 's irrelevance on the phone ) and , of course , the boundless NSA revelations .
Unfortunately , in its desperation , the Atlantic Alliance is grasping at straws , particularly the dry straw of borderless Israel , whose future as the only racially constituted state in the world , is now in serious doubt ( judging from a wide range of political opinion inside the US itself ) .
True , the EU is increasingly irrelevant . To put it bluntly , though , it is not the EU that 's in question now . Western world hegemony as a whole is collapsing . The US envoy would n't have uttered those words otherwise , and this is not merely a passing phase in the history of the world .
The US 's pseudo-revolutionary strategy and rhetoric are not even meant to reestablish American domination anymore , a forlorn hope . Rather , they are shaping up into some sort of “ orderly ” retreat , as far as humanly possible .
But this is not going very well either . The destructive and unabashedly tribal nature of American policies has cut into its retreat . And it has become inextricably linked to the blood-curdling rhetoric of the all but moribund Congress and European Union . The US has reduced itself to demolishing as many independent states as possible ( partly at Israel 's behest ) —any state that refuses to tow the line—before possible collapse .
It need not be so
Human rights have been an instrument of manipulation since the Cold War . But we should ask ourselves , who really disagrees with the idea of human dignity and rights ? It 's not as if it was invented by the West . No , this instrument is being used as a Trojan horse or battering ram to destroy entire societies . It allows foreign puppeteers to move quickly from small street demonstrations to the dismantlement of economic infrastructure and the destruction of vital military installations .
After all , the West invented sabotage tactics for use against the wartime Nazi occupation of Europe . Today , one has to be pretty desperate to embrace them with a straight face . And the Atlantic Alliance is desperate .
The United States has taken on the phony mantle of “ revolutionism , ” as if to emulate the Soviet Union in bygone days . Since President Ronald Reagan , the Neocons have been at the forefront of this new , “ revolutionary ” conservatism–an idea invented by pre-Nazi German ideologues and philosophers of the extreme right .
How Dr. Zbigniew Brzezinski , former Carter advisor , laments the lost historical opportunity offered to us with the collapse of the Soviet Union ! Indeed , we had a chance to build new relations with the East…maybe even a new , more tranquil world , God forbid !
Brzezinski uttered those words when the longevity of the so-called Postwar was being seriously debated . The Postwar Era did see a lasting relative peace ( no world wars ) and economic growth . Not because of American leadership , wisdom or that irreverent , down-to-earth pragmatism which Old Worlders used to find so charming about “ America . ”
Rather , it was because the world had been bled dry–nearly 85 million dead from two world wars . This is the context against which the current preaching about “ human rights ” should be read today .
Western interference in Ukraine may very well mark the official end of this “ tranquil ” period . Today , the US is a dangerous , destabilizing force , though one quickly running itself ragged . Who knows , it may have run aground already .
Anthony F. Shaker is a Visiting Scholar at McGill University and a specialist in Islamic philosophy and civilization . They have authored several works and was an elected member of the party executive council of the Official Opposition in the Canadian Parliament .
Mac DeMarco 's next record might stray from the laid-back guitar tone you know and love ( or perhaps ca n't wait to be rid of ) and might be filled with the greatest electronic love epics of our time — but do n't hold your breath . As much as DeMarco is willing to test their limits , and jokes about their Chicago House revival `` love banger '' record , they seem completely , unerringly content . Ahead of their appearance at Falls and Southbound festivals over New Years , and headline shows in Melbourne and Sydney , we speak to Mac about the art of the love song , something they get close to perfecting on their latest release , mini-LP Another One .
He 's calling from their house in Far Rockaway , Queens . This house is as much a character on Another One as the departing lovers that DeMarco laments . On the record 's cover he 's perched by the water , which their house opens straight onto . The sounds of the waves replace DeMarco 's vocals on the album 's closing track , at the end of which they calmly give their address , and an invitation to come over for a cup of coffee .
It 's a move like this , one that would be completely unimaginable for most other successful musicians , along with their decidedly kooky onstage manner and various behind-the-scenes videos , that has earned DeMarco the reputation of indie-rock 's class clown . As we talk , it becomes increasingly clear that although this persona is n't inauthentic , it is certainly a facet of their life as a performer , less so of their life as a musician . On the phone he 's serious , contemplative , self-effacing and relaxed , pleasantly not performing .
Noisey : You 've talked about Another One being a whole record of love songs . Do you have any favorite love songs you were emulating
Mac DeMarco : I do n't know about really looking at anything specifically , but I 'm just kind of a fan of the whole thing — like I love The Beatles , Harry Nilsson , stuff like that . I 've always just kind of tried to make love songs . Love songs are easy to write , you know , everybody can relate to that . I 'll give you a couple of my real , big , heavy-hitter ones I love : I love that song `` Something '' by The Beatles , I think that 's a George song , I think that 's a great song . `` Just The Way You Are '' by Billy Joel — oof , that 's a treat , right there . Let 's give you a Harry Nilsson one , let 's try… maybe `` Without Her '' . That 's a great track .
It almost feels like these songs read as romantic advice or counselling — you 've got so many young fans , do you feel a bit like you 're a sensei imparting wisdom ?
A little bit . I mean , I 'm not an expert , is the funny thing . I 'm terrible at this stuff , I do n't know how to live my life . I 'm so confused . But I think maybe just admitting that can help some people out . There are a couple of ways I feel like [ I can ] help kids in some way . I think for me one of the big things is , you look at our band — we 're not super sexy rock stars , we do n't know how to play our instruments that well , we 're just doing our thing . But we 're able to do our thing . People can connect with it . For me , when I was younger and before I started playing music a lot , when I was first playing in bands , it was n't seeing bands on MTV that made me [ think ] `` Oh , I got ta do this , like these guys with the crazy videos ! '' It was bands in my hometown , like little bands with kids my age , I was like `` Oh my god , they 're doing it , why could n't I do it ? '' I feel like that 's a good push for kids , I think , if you feel like doing something you might as well do it .
So much of your perceived `` personality '' is attached to your persona as a musician and the characters in the songs — are there things you keep to yourself ?
Yeah , there are some things . More and more , these days , I retract a little bit from letting people know whatever the hell they want . I mean , even though I am really open with the people who listen to my music — and I 'll talk about anything , I do n't really mind . I think it 's just the nature of the beast , especially nowadays on the internet and stuff , it 's like there are certain aspects of my personality , like in the videos or whatever , that people are drawn to more , and those aspects get honed in on , or blown up , or whatever , to create this very insane idea of what I am on a day-to-day basis . Which is totally fine , you kinda sign up for that when you decide you wan na do something like this , so it 's okay , but the more it happens , the more I 'm kind of like `` Ah , I 'm just spending the day at home like an old person today . ''
I know you record on tape , and you 're into those `` imperfect '' sounds , and that 's something that 's consistent across all your records . Do you ever get tempted to experiment with something totally different ? To open up Ableton and make an EDM love banger ?
I would n't know how to do it , is the problem . I actually released a free album earlier this summer , it was like an instrumental album , and that was the first time I 'd ever used a computer to record , but I did n't use any of the effects — I was still using all this rat gear , and weird instrument shit — it was pretty much that the computer was just my tape machine . But it was the first time I 've ever tried it , and it sounds pretty cool , so I was kinda like `` Woah ! I do n't have to worry about tape hiss ? The machine 's not gon na break ? Why have I been doing it that other way ? '' But I really like the quality of [ tape ] . Also this thing about the work ethic of using tape . It 's really limiting , in a way , where you only have so many options , you ca n't punch in , you ca n't do a bajillion tracks . It 's nice for me , in a way . You got ta cut the fat if you 're gon na do it that way . But we 'll see what happens . Maybe the next album will be EDM . All my friends are getting really into house music now , all of a sudden . It 's kinda like the cool new music trend I think , like the real cool one , like `` cutting edge '' .
So yeah , I 'm doing an EDM Chicago House-style `` love banger album '' next , so look out .
Mac DeMarco Australia January 2016
Jan 3 – Melbourne at 170 Russell
Jan 4 – Melbourne at 170 Russell
Jan 5 – Melbourne at 170 Russell
Jan 6 – Sydney at Enmore Theatre
Also appearing at Falls & Southbound Festivals .
Greer Clemens is a Melbourne writer and musician . Follow them @ greerclemens
In Wake County , N.C. , elections officials have received a couple dozen complaints about intimidating Republican poll watchers at early voting locations .
The offending observers have reportedly stood behind the registration table ( where they 're not allowed ) and taken pictures of the license plates of voters using curbside voting ( also illegal ) , according to the director of the Wake County elections board . In other cases , director Cherie Poucher said , it 's been a matter of voters finding normal , legal observing activities intimidating .
The observers who 've caused problems are all Republicans , Poucher said ; the Democratic Party has n't submitted a list of registered poll watchers yet , but is expected to do so today.As in every election , Republicans have raised the alarm of voter fraud , leading some to worry that overzealous poll watchers , intent on preventing fraud , may intimidate eligible voters .
In cases of poll watchers breaking election law , elections officials have taken the observers aside and explained to them the rules . It 's a time-consuming process , Poucher said , and one that often has to be repeated when new inexperienced observers show up the next day .
Poucher explained the situation as enthusiastic observers being “ unclear ” on election law . “ I think they got a lot of misinformation at whatever training they had , ” they said , adding that their office was getting more complaints than usual . “ When you get a lot of new people involved in the process , they do n't really understand the process . ”
The county Republican Party , which did not immediately respond to questions from TPM , told the News Observer that Republican U.S. House candidate Bill Randall recruited the poll watchers .
The North Carolina GOP has had other problems this year training poll watchers . According to local reports , a Republican board of elections official in Pamlico County created a training video for poll watchers . The video was so rife with errors that the state board of elections asked the state Republican Party not to allow the use of the video in any training programs .
( H/T Ed Cone )
Late update : A spokesperson for the Wake County Republicans declined to give details about how it trains observers .
“ We train them in the law as best we understand it . I 'm not about to release our training manuals , ” the spokesperson , Jay Bryant , told TPM in an email . “ But there is really no serious problem here . This is all new to everyone , because it is the first time party observers have ever been used at early voting sites . We have n't done it before . ”
git can be confusing , especially for beginners . Even a common message : Your branch is up-to-date with 'origin/master ' might not mean what you think . Nowadays I 'm comfortable with my git workflow and rarely see an error , but I can still remember feeling completely lost .
I started coaching at Codebar last year . It 's a free workshop to get to grips with the basics of web development . I 've found that sharing knowledge with a beginner is harder than understanding . Telling someone else shines a light into my blind spots . If you 're near a Codebar meetup , sign up and come along ! It 's a friendly group and you 're bound to learn something .
Where is origin/master ?
Recently I was asked ‘ How do I know if my branch is up-to-date ? ' This question led to a git fundamental : nearly every git operation is local . Maybe you 've heard this before , but it 's worth another look .
Nearly everything you do with git happens on your machine . Do n't take my word for it . Turn off your wifi and see how many git commands you can run . You 'll see fetch , pull and push fail without a connection to your remote , but try the other commands you can think of : status , commit , checkout , cherry-pick , merge , rebase , diff , log and see how many times git tells you that you 're up-to-date . How can you be up-to-date if you 're disconnected ?
You may not have realised that git keeps a clone of your remote repositories on your machine . That 's how you can do so much without a connection . If you 're using a GitHub repository as your remote , then there 's a clone of it in your local repository . origin/master is not on GitHub , it 's the clone of the remote master branch on your machine .
Next time git tells you that you 're up-to-date it might help you to think :
Your branch is up-to-date with your clone of 'master ' from 'origin ' .
Fetch is manual
It 's up to you to keep your local clone of the remote updated . git wo n't remind you to synchronise with your remotes ; you have to remember . When you run git fetch origin the list of branches and commit history is downloaded from GitHub and synchronised into the clone on your machine . Doing a fetch wo n't affect your local branches , so it 's one of the safest git commands you can run . You can fetch as much as you like .
Remembering to run git fetch origin does feel laborious . As I tap this article it 's being saved to the cloud continuously in the background . Sync has become an everyday part of so many apps , but everything in git is manual .
To check if you 're up-to-date with GitHub run git fetch origin before git status and you 'll know you 're up-to-date . At least you were a few seconds ago ! You 're only as up-to-date as your last fetch .
Checking out a branch from GitHub
One evening a student worked on a new feature at Codebar and wanted to continue working on another computer at home . They had started a new branch and pushed it to GitHub . I gave them a shortcut to try :
# Instead of repeating the branch name git checkout -b new-feature origin/new-feature # Use the same branch name and set up tracking git checkout -t origin/new-feature
It 's handy if you use the same name for your branches locally and on GitHub . Even better , it sets up tracking so you can git push straight away , without -u origin new-feature to set the upstream branch the first time . However , when they tried it at home , git threw an error :
$ git checkout -t origin/new-feature fatal : Can not update paths and switch to branch 'new-feature ' at the same time . Did you intend to checkout 'origin/new-feature ' which can not be resolved as a commit ?
They felt lost . git threw a fatal error and questioned their intent , how rude ? I looked back at git askance and had a rubber duck moment . This is roughly how my one-sided conversation with git went :
JOSH : Oh . I do n't recognise that error . Hmmm . Yes , I want to checkout ‘ origin/new-feature ' . That 's the correct branch name , no typos . I can see the branch on GitHub , it 's definitely there… TOTORO : … ( penny drops ) JOSH : …oooooh !
Totoro is my rubber duck
I realised that they had n't run git fetch origin first , so git threw a fatal error because it did n't know the new branch existed . The clone on their home computer was not in sync with GitHub .
When they ran git fetch origin the new branch was downloaded and then they were able to checkout . Phew ! I did n't see that error coming and was caught out because I take fetching for granted . That 's what happens when you step out of your routine .
You might think that when git throws this error it would be a perfect opportunity to remind you how long it has been since you fetched from GitHub , but no . Instead , I think git assumes you know how it works , so the error message politely suggests that you 've made a typo .
Get an overview
When I have two or more branches on the go I find it 's useful to see an overview . Here 's how to see a summary of all your local branches , which remote branch they are tracking and their status :
# A summary of all local branches with their tracking branch and status $ git branch -vv * git-up-to-date dafa4b4 [ origin/git-up-to-date : ahead 1 ] Add git up-to-date post master 991f4cd [ origin/master ] Fix footer nav margin
For example , I have two branches locally . I am on git-up-to-date branch and it is ahead of origin/git-up-to-date . So I have one commit to push to GitHub .
Sure . If no one else has access to the GitHub repository then you can rest easy between each fetch . When you 're the only one pushing changes then you 're in control and you 'll be up-to-date all the time . The only gotcha is when you use another computer , then you need to fetch each time you switch .
If you 're collaborating with other people on GitHub , then hopefully the next time you see Your branch is up-to-date with 'origin/master ' you 'll wonder how long it 's been since your last fetch . It 's up to you to keep your local clone in sync and up-to-date with your team .
When you collaborate it 's easier to work in separate branches . Even so , in a shared repository I 'm not sure you can ever be completely up-to-date with GitHub . Maybe just for a moment , when you push and take the lead .
While I understand why all the misinformation in this world has got you to this point , it 's just not a valid one . Firstly , there were no cars 1400 years ago ; therefore it 's not really sharia law . Secondly , there are many rights to women that Islam afforded for 1400 years well before Christian countries implemented them ( in very recent history ) ; such as the right to work , and the right to a pre-nup . It 's not a competition , but hey you did bring it up . Thirdly , Saudi may be where Islam was born , but the Islam it practises now is not endorsed by most Muslims ( who incidentally think the no driving by women is ridiculous ) . In fact the current monarchy there has its roots in a tribe who rebelled against Sunni Islam ( the main body of Muslims ) . Why have n't we done anything about it you ask ? Well the Saudis are very well protected you see ... and not by Muslims . The creation of the modern day Saudi Arabia and its monarchy was actually funded and propped up by the British , who explicitly wanted the Wahabi ( extremist ) Islam to be promoted there ( for political reasons of course ) . and despite all their barbarity and all the protests across the world ( including once a week here in London where there are protests against Saudi Arabia and Britain 's relationship with them by - shock horror - Muslims ! ) so actually it would be great if the `` Christian west '' country of America and Britain would stop supporting Saudi with arms , money and diplomacy ... you know all the things that have helped create those western freedoms you are chirping on about that have not come from the noble principles of Christianity at all ... but from power politics that endorses the very same warped Islamic thinking that you are criticising . I hope you kept up .
Has Quade Cooper Done Theirs Chips ?
Margaret Thatcher once famously said when talking about U-turns in politics : ‘ You turn if you want to . The Lady 's not for turning . '
Will this be the new Robbie Deans mantra when it comes to not selecting Quade Cooper for the British and Irish Lions series , and subsequent internationals ?
The portents are ominous for QC . As reported previously in this august journal , they have not been selected for this weekend 's Wallaby ‘ Logistics Camp ' to prepare for the upcoming Lions tour .
Thirty players have been invited , reportedly including Izzy Folau , but not Cooper . That seems to suggest that QC is not currently in the mix for the final 25-man Wallabies squad to take on the Lions .
I mean , if they ca n't get a gig being measured up by the tailors they obviously are n't going to nail a finals spot . If this were ‘ The Voice ' , they have n't even made it to the Blind Auditions… .
Actually , it 'll be interesting to see who has been invited . The usual suspects , I expect : Berrick , Pat McCabe , Rob Horne and too many Tahs , yawn… .
In respect of the five-eighth role and in the absence of Kurtley Beale ( would they be invited ? – he 's just down the road ) , it sounds like James O'Connor is the favourite to take over the No . 10 spot . And that 's not necessarily such a bad thing .
So , has Deans wiped Cooper and if so , why ? Has this ‘ snub ' ( that 's a Danny Weidler mungoism I 've temporarily adopted for effect ) been based on form , or are there other reasons ?
You and I would obviously suspect the latter , but more of that soon .
From a form perspective , they have n't exactly played the house down . They had a slow start to the year , which , the general consensus being , was probably related to Will Genia 's early absence through injury .
Now he 's back on an even keel ( although sometimes they overplay their hand and is a little careless ) but you can feel the generalship and width thing happening . To me , they look like the best option we currently have .
The fact is Genia and Cooper go together like bacon and eggs , Abbott and Costello , or rum and Cote… they 're a team . They 've played together since the Under-15s and are the best 9-10 combo in the country .
How has it come to this , then ? Has defending at 15 instead of 10 for the Reds led to their downfall ? Eh , maybe… although I 've noticed that their defence seems to have improved this year . Perhaps the boxing training has helped ?
But really , I guess , Deans has lost confidence in him . We saw how that worked with Matt Giteau in 2011 .
In my view , QC probably has only themselves to blame . There 's a thing called loyalty . It 's something that 's generally valued and definitely works both ways .
You can understand theirs becoming frustrated with their own form and team tactics last year ( and the RWC meltdown in 2011 ) . Test rugby sometimes does n't suit their playing style .
However , the ‘ toxic environment ' comments were a bridge too far . You do n't undermine your coach and team by making stupid public statements that inflict harm on all concerned . By all reports , many teammates were very unhappy with them too .
That said , managing players is what coaches and managers are supposed to do . You 'd have thought they might have read the signs ? Never mind , that 's water under the bridge now .
So , what happens next – apart from the public outcry in Queensland ?
QC just needs to button up ( which he 's done so far ) and let their footy do the talking . Do n't rock the boat . Show the man that you 've matured and you 've moved on .
He 's played themselves into form and you 'd hope that with the Reds travelling well he 'll get more opportunity to showcase their talents .
Who can predict the future for him ? But this development is perhaps a signal that Deans values loyalty over talent and redemption is some way off .
Has Cooper done their chips ? Or is Deans ‘ for turning ? '
Starting off with with our early May presumption , now it 's been officially confirmed that the updated Corvette will be offered with the amazing Daytona Sunrise Orange Metallic hue as an optional extra , along with a new Shark Gray Mettalic exterior paint.The asupervisorstioned will be replacing the current Lime Rock Green Metallic and Cyber Gray Metallic , which we 're kind of meh to be frank . As for mechanical changes , there 's nothing that important to make our jaws drop . The biggest addition is most certainly the introduction of an optional 8L90 eight-speed automatic , the same paddle-shift unit introduced on the 2015 Corvette Z06 , with seventh and eighth acting as overdrive gears.According to the order guide , the new tranny is coupled to a 2.41 limited-slip differential , a perfect feature for all the boys and girls out there that enjoy full opposite lock hoonage . On the aesthetics front , a tasty ZF1 Appearance Package appears in the options list , consisting of body-color boot spoiler and five-spoke silver alloy wheels borrowed from the Z51 Performance Pack , but without the go-faster paraphernelia.Customers of the brand spanking new Chevrolet Corvette Stingra y can find themselves ticking quite a few boxes in the options list . Just to name a few that caught our attention by the throat , carbon fiber badges and an all-new Carbon Fiber Ground Effects Package are available , along with black or silver valve stems . The aero pack includes a front splitter , wider rocker panels and a proeminent spoiler incorporated in the trunk lid.As for interior changes , the revamped coupe model can be kitted out with a quilted suede headliner , while the convertible can be ordered with a really cool carbon fiber tonneau cover . Naturally , GM 's latest generation OnStar system featuring 4G LTE connectivity is also available , with Wi-Fi hotspot capability.If you 're a track day junkie and want to opt for the Performance Data Recorder to improve on your lap times , tough luck – you 'll need to spend some hard earned cash on the optional sat-nav system beforehand.Scroll through the photo gallery below for further info on the 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray .
* Editor 's note : This story has been updated throughout .
Texas is helping lead a lawsuit against President Barack Obama 's administration over a new rule that makes millions more workers eligible for overtime pay .
Attorney General Ken Paxton announced Tuesday they are joining their counterpart in Nevada , Adam Laxalt , to file the lawsuit on behalf of 21 states . Paxton said the rule , announced earlier this year by the U.S. Department of Labor , is another example of Obama `` trying unilaterally rewrite the law . ''
The rule , set to go into effect Dec. 1 , doubles the salary threshold under which workers qualify for overtime pay , from $ 455 per week to $ 913 per week . The Labor Department estimates the rule will benefit an additional 4.2 million workers .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
Critics of the rule say it will place a new burden on businesses , potentially forcing them to demote or lay off workers whom they can not afford to pay more . On Tuesday , Paxton warned the rule `` may lead to disastrous consequences for our economy . ''
`` The numerous crippling federal regulations that the Obama administration has imposed on businesses in this country have been bad enough , '' Paxton said in a statement . `` But to pass a rule like this , all in service of a radical leftist political agenda , is inexcusable . ''
Labor Secretary Tom Perez responded to the Texas-led lawsuit with a statement expressing confidence in the legality of the rule . They suggested efforts to stop it were partisan .
`` Despite the sound legal and policy footing on which the rule is constructed , the same interests that have stood in the way of middle-class Americans getting paid when they work extra are continuing their obstructionist tactics , '' Perez said .
The Texas-led lawsuit also drew criticism from labor groups and their allies in Texas . The state chapter of the AFL-CIO called the lawsuit a `` backward-gazing insult '' to workers , while the state Democratic Party said it shows Texas Republicans are more interested in `` scoring political points '' against Obama .
The lawsuit specifically claims that the rule is too broad because it is based on the salary threshold . Such a requirement , the states argue , overlooks the fact that some workers in the salary range perform management duties that would make them ineligible for overtime .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
The states are asking a federal judge in Sherman to issue an injunction to prevent the rule from taking effect . Texas and Nevada are being joined in the lawsuit by Alabama , Arizona , Arkansas , Georgia , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Michigan , Mississippi , Nebraska , New Mexico , Ohio , Oklahoma , South Carolina , Utah and Wisconsin .
Read more on the AG 's lawsuits against the Obama administration :
Since President Obama took office in 2009 , the state of Texas has sued their administration at least 44 times . Here 's a look at each of those cases .
sued their administration at least 44 times Texas has again taken the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to court , this time challenging new rules aimed at slashing methane emissions in the oil patch .
taken the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to court A federal judge in Fort Worth has blocked Obama administration guidelines directing the nation 's public schools to allow transgender students to use bathrooms and other facilities that align with their gender identity .
My thought on the current meta :
First of all I 'd like to say that I really like the game and enjoy playing it even when I do n't like the meta . I do tend to post a lot of negative tweets about it , but that 's just because of how much I care and my personality - I am more likely to post about something that I dislike rather than something I like .
I have 2 major non-matchmaking issues with the game right now , one has to do with drafting and the other with hero design . Starting with the former , I feel like drafts have too much impact . In competitive the game is like chess boxing , you have a round of chess ( draft ) , followed by a round of box ( ingame ) . But it should n't be like that . We do n't watch tournaments to see the drafts , that 's just boring . And so much of the game depends on it , every pro gamer has been saying for a while that the game is 50 % or more about draft . And drafting is hard , I 'd argue that it is a lot harder than LoL or even DotA . Sure they have more heroes but they do n't have 12 maps . I want to win because I have better mechanics or decision making , not because I have a better understanding of the meta right now .
As for hero design , I feel like Blizz is promoting unskilful ways to play the game . They are trying to improve things like talent diversity by increasing the stats of inferiorly designed talents . I think this is pointless and I personally do n't mind picking the same talent in every situation . Having trap talents is not bad for the game , it makes people look up builds on the internet or ask better players . A lot of successful games have similar or even worse traps ( dota , lol , even classic rpg games like diablo or baldur 's gate ) . But some of the talents that I think are great and allow for a lot of playmaking have started fading out of the meta .
Let 's look at Thrall 's ults . Recently Sundering was nerfed at the same time Earthquake was buffed . Essentially their pick rates reversed - you do n't see sundering anymore . That 's fine , but Sundering is the much better spell . Earthquake ... you just press , it is not a skillshot , the enemies ca n't just run out of it . It 's very hard not to get value from earthquake . It is frustrating to play against it , you ca n't dodge it , you ca n't cleanse it ( technically you can but eq is 3 pulses of slow ) , you ca n't run out of it with most heroes . And everyone can use earthquake . Does n't matter if it 's darkmok or a bronze player , there will not be a big difference between their earthquakes . Now back to sundering . The bronze players throw it out randomly . Do some aoe damage and a short stun . Not bad . But the great players use it to control positioning and throw the enemy carry into the wrong back line . Or save a teammate that is getting dived . At the same time there are opportunities for counter play . You can watch for the sundering animation and precleaanse it or press iceblock or meta or blink away . Needless to say , Sundering is the more skillful ult . I even think that the bronze player would get more out of their ult if they picked the unbuffed Earthquake .
The same thing happened to Rehgar . Heard of the term 'hero league ancestral ' ? It 's when rehgar uses it on someone that has 5 % hp and they die before getting to heal . There is no 'hero league bloodlust ' . Why fail keg when you have the tripple pandas .
Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day by randomly shielding people with Khala 's embrace .
Reply · Report Post
At a forum in Cedar Rapids Iowa on Sunday , Bernie Sanders fielded a question from a young Mexican-American woman who says that they developed self esteem issues because they did not see enough cartoon protagonists who resembled their racial group . Their answer goes deeper than race and touches the media 's other bias : class .
`` We are a country where millions of people are in despair , '' Sanders said . `` Black , white , brown . They want to see a reflection of their life , of their reality , in media , and in many respects , they are not . ''
`` And then they say , who the hell is talking about me ? Who knows about my life ? Why should I vote ? No one cares -- No one even knows what 's going on in my life . ''
QUESTION : I grew up , I 'm Mexican-American . We did n't have cable or anything -- this has a point -- I promise . So I watched a lot of PBS and whatnot . Most of the [ cartoon ] characters , growing up , I know they 're animals , most of the characters , I assumed they were white .
Growing up it was kind of hard to believe in myself . And so I was wondering , if there is any way we can make , at least public broadcasting television legally require diversity . And not just one character from each race , but like protagonists of various races and stuff like that . That 'd be nice .
BERNIE SANDERS : I want to broaden your point . And that it is , throughout this campaign I 've been talking about my fears that economically we are moving towards an oligarchical form of society , where a small number of very wealthy people are reviecing almost all of the new income and the new wealth . Politically , I worry as a result of Citizen 's United , billionaires are buying elections , but I also worry about the media .
Paulina raises an issue , it is one issue , but here is what I worry about .
I think you can watch television 24/7 , and not get a feeling that what you are seeing is the reality of American life , in many respects .
You 're talking about racial issues , in a sense . You 're not seeing people of your background on television . Right .
What I 'm talking about also , and [ Iowa State ] Sen. Turner made this point a moment ago , we just came out of the worst economic downturn in the modern history of this country , since the Great Depression .
Millions of people lost their jobs , millions of people lost thier homes , millions of people lost their lives savings . Today in America , you have a middle class which si disappearing . You have in some cases , peoples life expectancy going down , massive despair . Is that reflected on televison ?
Is the reality , the pain of America , reflected on television ?
The struggle people are making .
Half of people 55 years of age or older , have zero savings for retirement .
Got that ? You 're 57 years old , you got nothing in the bank . How do you think you 're feeling ? You 're scared to death .
See that on television ? CNN ? NBC ? ABC ? Soap operas ? Not so much .
You 're point is right , and I agree with you , but it is even deeper than that .
We are a country where millions of people are in despair . Black , white , brown . They want to see a reflection of their life , of their reality , in media , and in many respects , they are not .
And then they say , who the hell is talking about me ?
Who knows about my life ? Why should I vote ? No one cares -- No one even knows what 's going on in my life .
So media becomes an important part of the reality of America , and I think we need some big changes there .
Earlier this week , we walked you through the stridently awful Apple Pay alternative being cooked up by Walmart , CVS , Best Buy , and more . It is dumb and bad , but as a recent New York Times report indicates , it 's also not going anywhere any time soon . But not because anyone necessarily wants it .
It 's probably helpful to do a quick overview , both because the proceedings are slightly complicated and because sometimes you can end a great dumbness just by talking about it over and over again until everyone realizes just how dumb it is . So ! Let 's keep talking .
Advertisement
In this corner you have wireless payments , powered by NFC technology , championed by Apple Pay because previous versions ( helloooooo Google Wallet ) never took off . These are Virtuous and Good and make your life easier . In the opposite corner , you have something called CurrentC , a meaningless ( on multiple levels ) name given to a horrific payments system developed by a consortium of major retailers like Walmart , Best Buy , Target , and CVS . It is Greedy and Dumb and relies on QR codes , which should tell you most of what you need to know .
Big corporate entities fighting ! Boring , right ? But here 's where you come in .
So long , choice
The band of big box brothers pushing CurrentC is known as MCX , and has been around for years now . In fact , while CurrentC wo n't be implemented until next year , it 's been a known quantity for at least the last few months . Nobody paid it any mind , though , because there was no need to , because there are sacks of potatoes with a more compelling narrative .
Advertisement
And then Apple Pay happened ! Apple Pay , which put wireless payment powers in millions and millions of phones all at once . While Google Wallet and Softcard had given plenty of Android owners mobile wallets already , it was the critical mass of iPhone 6 and 6 Pluses marching into McDonald 's that caused a minor panic among the MCX multitudes .
In the face of a widely adopted payment platform that would make it easier for their customers to give them money in exchange for goods and services , CVS and Rite Aid opted to pull the plug on NFC payments in their stores altogether . No more paying with your phone , at all , until CurrentC shows up sometime next year .
For the visual learners , that means that instead of this :
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
You will be stuck with this :
This would be bad enough if it were simply a matter of limiting your choices out of self-interest . But what makes it unconscionable is that CurrentC is objectively terrible . Do n't believe me ? Here are the steps you 'll need to complete a CurrentC purchase :
Download CurrentC . Give CurrentC your bank account information . ( No seriously ) . Hand the cashier the items you want to purchase . Open up your CurrentC app . Open the QR code scanner on your CurrentC app Point your phone at the cashier 's screen . Scan the QR code . If the QR code does n't work , enter a numeric code by hand . Just pay with your credit card next time because honestly .
It would be easier to pay for everything by counting out nickels and lining them all on the counter face-up .
Advertisement
Hello , greed
So why , you might wonder , would a retailer like Target or Rite Aid or any of them opt for such an anti-consumer product ? To make it more difficult for people to pay , instead of easier ? Because money !
While CurrentC will be terrible for you—or much more likely , just another thing to ignore at the checkout counter , like Almond M & Ms or Modern Quilting magazine—it is in theory amazing for the stores behind it . Not only do they get direct access to your bank information , they get to push you towards using their own store cards , and away from the credit card companies that skim a few percentage points off of every transaction they 're a part of . It 's a chance for them to push `` marketing communications '' to you ( opt-out only ) and track your location ( likewise ) .
Advertisement
CurrentC makes at least a little more sense when you remember that it 's been in the works for years , before Apple Pay was even a glimmer in a rumor site 's eye . At the time , Google Wallet was languishing . The mobile payments market was wide open . And the retailers themselves were n't yet associated with some of the biggest financial info breaches of all time .
But Apple Pay is here now . As is the rightful distrust of the MCX coalition 's ability to keep your info safe ( in fact , it just came out that CurrentC has already been hacked ) . If nothing else , at this point there 's been enough backlash against CurrentC that you 'd think at least some of the companies involved would have turned tail by now . But last night 's NY Times report indicates why they 're still standing strong in the face of ugh ; if they leave MCX , they 'll face fines hefty enough that it 's not worth just letting Apple Pay into their hearts . Not yet , anyway .
In a statement released this morning , MCX denied that fines were involved for leaving MCX . But stalwart NYT reporter Mike Isaac stands by their report . And there must be at least some disincentive that would make companies like CVS suffer though such a clusternut ; possibly that if you stay with MCX and use Apple Pay anyway you 'll take a hit ? It 's murky in the way that PR scrambling always is .
Advertisement
Either way , it 's clear that this is n't a fight that MCX retailers signed up for so many years ago . And it 's hard to imagine that many of them are excited to stay the course . The longer it takes for the retreat to start , though , the longer the future of payments will stay stalled out .
Or you could always just shop at Walgreens instead .
Advertisement
Illustration by Tara Jacoby
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
AN MSP has called for an urgent public inquiry into claims that blacklisting of workers is still happening .
The Daily Record today tells the stories of Scots targeted because they were union members or had complained about health and safety .
Earlier this year , we revealed how nearly 600 workers were blocked from getting jobs by the sinister Consulting Association .
The blacklist was revealed after a raid by the Information Commissioner 's Office in 2009 , which led to the organisation being shut down .
An inquiry by Westminster 's Scottish Affairs Select Committee showed the list was funded by nearly all of Britain 's biggest building firms .
Labour 's Neil Findlay said yesterday : “ Blacklisting is wrong , there is no debate about that . We can not sit back and wait for Westminster to reach a conclusion before we act .
“ Many major firms operating in Scotland , who have used blacklisting , have tendered for public projects and we must act now to prevent this happening in the future .
“ We need a full public inquiry to get to the bottom of blacklisting and determine what is happening now .
“ It would expose the extent of the practice , shame the guilty companies and ensure they apologise and provide compensation . ”
Created by the recently-founded New York division of Avalanche Studios and led by the new game director Roland Lesterlin , Just Cause 3 is bringing the series ' unique brand of chaos and fun to the Mediterranean . Our December cover story on the game covers our hands-on experience , but we spoke to Lesterlin and Avalanche 's chief creative officer and co-founder Christofer Sundberg to hear their thoughts on what makes the sandbox gameplay of Just Cause 3 so appealing .
Watch the video below to learn about the additions to the Just Cause gameplay you know , whether or not a game like this needs a story , and why the game does n't include dinosaurs and jetpacks ... yet .
To learn much more about Just Cause 3 , click on the banner below to enter our hub of content that will be updating throughout the month .
If the Edmonton Oilers were thinking of buying out Andrew Ference with the two-week window starting Wednesday , it 's a non-starter because the 37-year-old defenceman has n't been cleared medically after hip surgery in early March .
Injured players ca n't be bought out as per the collective bargaining agreement , so the Oilers wo n't be buying out the last year of their four-year deal during the June 15-June 30 windows , which would be two-thirds of their $ 3.25 million salary and caps hit or $ 2.166 million spread out over two seasons .
On their @ fernuckle twitter page , it was noted that Ference , who played just six games last season as an eighth defenceman on the roster , had cycled 70 km a few days ago , but there 's a difference between riding a bike on the road and being medically green-lighted to play , said their agent Kurt Overhardt .
“ He 's not cleared to play ice hockey and a cartilage repair takes a long time , ” said Overhardt . “ He 's nowhere near being cleared so it 's not even an issue . If you are hurt , you 're hurt . They have to be able to run , they have to be able to skate . ”
Ference has played a hard-pounding 907 NHL league games and another 120 in the playoffs , including a Cup ring in Boston in 2011 . As the 208th player taken in the 1997 draft after playing for the Portland Winterhawks , the defenceman long ago exceeded everybody 's expectations , and their body looked worn out last season .
“ When you play as long as they do , it 's not uncommon to have a labrum injury and players play on it and play on it and what happens is you get a bone spur that keeps ripping through the cartilage , ” said Overhardt . “ He played and let the cartilage get ripped and ripped . It 's almost chronic . If it was a simple labrum tear it would be much easier and quicker to repair . ”
Ference likely does n't want to be an extra part again this season — they played over 21 minutes a night in their first Oilers season , then 18 in Year 2 but only averaged 13 minutes this past season — but the Oilers and the player will cross that bridge months down the road . They could decide to retire rather than sit in the press box .
They were the team captain their first two seasons but they gave up the C this season and wore an A , when they played . They had Oscar Klefbom , Andrej Sekera , Justin Schultz , Mark Fayne , Darnell Nurse , Brandon Davidson and Eric Gryba ahead of him , at least for the first few months until Klefbom got hurt and missed the last four months .
Ference has lots going on away from the rink . They got their certificate in corporate sustainability from the Harvard Extension School three weeks ago and is a partner with Fifth Seed Ventures , a company that provides seed money for investors in environmentally-conscious start-ups . He 's been very involved in Full Cycle Bioplastics that converts organic waste into biodegradable plastics .
Ference has certainly prepared themselves for retirement if they go that route . On the Harvard Extension School website they quoted Ference as saying “ while there is some trepidation in leaving hockey…it 's much like graduation . My classes have helped prepare me for the real world . ”
The other possible buyout is Fayne , but they have two years left at $ 3.5 million per season , not one year like Ference , so that 's unlikely . The Oilers have been trying to trade Fayne for some time , however . He 'll be available in the expansion draft when Las Vegas is picking for their Pacific Division team next summer .
ON THE BENCH — Oilers amateur scout Kelly Buchberger , who was on Craig MacTavish 's coaching staff for years , remains a candidate for the Kelowna Rockets junior job . With ex Dallas Stars defenceman Richard Matvichuk getting the Prince George Cougars gig and former NHL assistants Tim Hunter ( Moose Jaw ) and Mark Lamb ( Swift Current ) in the league , Buchberger could well wind up in Kelowna … Lest we forget , Connor McDavid will be in Vegas for the NHL awards show June 22 to try and become the first Oiler to win rookie of the year . Chicago winger Artemi Panarin , McDavid and Philly defenceman Shayne Gostisbehere are the three finalists with Panarin and McDavid battling it out for the Calder … The Oilers fall exhibition schedule is out and here are the home games at Rogers Place : Sept. 26 split-squad vs Calgary , Oct. 4 ( Anaheim ) , Oct. 6 ( Winnipeg ) , Oct. 8 ( Vancouver ) . They 'll have a split-squad game vs the Flames at the Saddledome Sept. 26 , and road games in Vancouver ( Sept. 28 ) , Winnipeg ( Sept 30 ) and Lumby , B.C . against Los Angeles Kings as Kraft Hockeyville on Oct. 2 . With the World Cup and exhibitions not ending until Oct. 8 , it 's expected the regular-season wo n't start until Oct. 13 at the earliest … No surprise Oilers did n't sign junior goalie Keven Bouchard , their last pick in 2013 . They go back into the draft pool in Buffalo . Bouchard played better ( 2.79 avg , .909 save percentage ) in 17 playoff games for Moncton this spring than their regular season but they did n't progress enough … Swedish goalie Niklas Lundstrom , a farm-team disappointment after they got them from the Blues in the Anders Nilsson deal , has signed with a lower-rung Swedish team .
PAX East 's designated indie games fiefdom was , unsurprisingly , overflowing with interesting projects . Secret Ponchos . Gods Will Be Watching . Subnautica . Not A Hero . Below . Many of the other games on display were known quantities that we 'd either played previously or are playable now in a pre-release form . The one that stuck with me most was The Darkest Dungeon , a roguelike that had somehow slipped through my sensor array .
Among the legitimate pile of roguelikes available in 2014 , The Darkest Dungeon 's point of distinction is the way it makes mental health a gameplay mechanic . Characters accumulate stress through battle and other encounters , which then takes the form of character traits . “ Left untended , these stresses can manifest in a variety of behaviors that create gameplay challenges ( anger , paranoia , depression , sadism , and more ) . How you manage your heroes through these stresses is an integral part of the game , ” the FAQ reads .
The look of the game suits its theme , too : I love the groundedness that Darkest Dungeon 's gloomy , low-fantasy art brings it , and I 'm curious to see how the gear and party management aspects of the game mesh with its campaign structure . We 'll continue to follow the game closely leading up to its release ; Red Hook Studios completed a successful Kickstarter for Darkest Dungeon on March 13 .
Next weekend , the University of Pennsylvania will host the second national BDS conference , an event that will advocate for the “ growing global campaign to boycott , divest from and sanction ( BDS ) the State of Israel. ” Last April , Omar Barghouti , a leader and spokesperson of this campaign , spoke at Harvard . They insisted that anyone want to learn more about the fundamental tenets of BDS should read their recently released book , aptly titled “ Boycott , Divestment , Sanctions . ”
So I followed their advice—I bought a copy of Barghouti 's book and read it from cover to cover . They write some things in this work about the aims of BDS that lead me to believe that the movement is being far from forthright about its ultimate goals .
The Penn conference states that the purpose of the global BDS campaign is to isolate Israel economically “ until it complies with its obligations under international and human rights law. ” Understanding this to mean ending the Israeli occupation and fostering a viable Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza , a number of Zionists—that is , individuals who believe in the Jewish state 's right to exist—have either joined the BDS Call or implicitly sanctioned it . Two years ago in the Los Angeles Times , for example , an Israeli professor insisted that they support BDS because it is “ the only way to save their country. ” Jewish Voice for Peace , an organization composed of both “ Zionists [ and ] anti-Zionists , ” considers itself “ proud to be a part of the BDS movement. ” Last year , J Street , an American liberal Zionist organization , held a panel at their national conference on the efficacy of this movement 's tactics “ as a means to end the occupation. ” Although J Street does not endorse the BDS movement , J Street 's president describes it in their book as a group of “ activists who seek to raise pressure…against Israel to end the occupation . ”
Clearly , these individuals have not read Barghouti 's work .
“ A few Israeli and international activists have a tendency to make the [ BDS ] struggle Israel-centric , arguing that ending the occupation is good for Israel , above everything else , ” Barghouti writes . “ We totally reject that ‘ save Israeli apartheid ' view. ” They go on to say that although BDS should coalesce with diverse political forces , “ caution should be exercised in alliances with ‘ soft ' Zionists , lest they assume the leadership of the BDS movement in the West , lowering the ceiling of its demands beyond recognition . ”
Advertisement
So what , then , are BDS 's demands ? Although Barghouti insists that BDS is neutral on the debate about a one-state versus two-state solution , even a cursory glance at Barghouti 's book reveals that this movement considers the existence of a Jewish state in the region patently unacceptable . For example , Barghouti explains that their movement can not ally with Israeli peace groups , because even “ the most radical Israeli ‘ Zionist-left ' figures and groups are still Zionist , adhering to the racist principles of Zionism ” that “ maintain Israel 's character as a colonial , ethnocentric , apartheid state , ” which BDS seeks to dismantle .
If the BDS movement were more open about its aims to purge the Jewish state from the Middle East—rather than just end some of its policies—I could have written an op-ed decrying the movement for its distortion of international law rather than its duplicity . I could have asked , for example , how the movement could possibly believe that a liberal democracy can not have an ethnic identity when democracies across Eastern Europe—including members of the European Union like Finland , Slovenia and Germany—explicitly privilege one ethnicity over others in areas like immigration and culture . I could have also noted how odd it is that the movement vocally opposes the ethnic nature of the Jewish state , yet says nothing about the myriad Arab states that surround it .
But the BDS movement hides its ultimate goal of dismantling the Jewish state behind its public rhetoric . As a result , it has co-opted numerous individuals—and quite possibly donors—who desire to see both a Jewish and Palestinian state flourish into supporting its campaign . Although some members of the movement might actually support the Jewish state 's continued existence , as Barghouti makes abundantly clear , the Palestinian BDS National Committee—the “ reference and guiding force for the global BDS movement ” — can not do so under any circumstances .
So because this movement will not broadcast its ultimate aims loud enough , I will do it for them . If you support the BDS movement , you are supporting an organization that is actively working to undermine the Jewish state . Utilizing the vocabulary of international norms , the movement actually systematically attempts to undermine the international consensus that recognizes Israel 's right to exist as a Jewish state . And if you support this right—regardless of your politics , regardless of your stance on the occupation , and regardless of your feelings towards the current Israeli right-wing government—then there is only one moral option . Boycott the BDS movement .
Avishai D. Don '12 , a Crimson editorial writer , is a social study concentrator in Adams House .
( Image : NASA )
To pave the way for rapid interstellar travel , NASA propulsion researcher Harold “ Sonny ” White plans to manipulate space-time in the lab
The idea that nothing can exceed the speed of light limits our interstellar ambitions . How do we get round this ?
Within general relativity , there are two loopholes that allow you to go somewhere very quickly , overcoming the restriction of the speed of light . One is a wormhole and the other is a space warp .
What is a space warp and how can it help ?
A space warp works on the principle that you can expand and contract space at any speed . Take a terrestrial analogy . In airports we have moving walkways that help you cover distance quicker than you would otherwise . You are walking along at 3 miles an hour , and then you step onto the walkway . You are still walking at 3 miles an hour , but you are covering the distance much more quickly relative to somebody who is n't on the belt .
Advertisement
What would a starship with warp drive be like ?
Imagine an American football , for simplicity , that has a toroidal ring around it attached with pylons . The football is where the crew and robotic systems would be , while the ring would contain exotic matter called negative vacuum energy , a consequence of quantum mechanics . The presence of this toroidal ring of negative vacuum energy is what 's required from the math and physics to be able to use the warp trick .
What would it be like to travel at warp speed ?
You would have an initial velocity as you set off , and then when you turn on the ring of negative vacuum energy it augments your velocity . Space would contract in front of the spacecraft and expand behind it , sending you sliding through warped space-time and covering the distance at a much quicker rate . It would be like watching a film in fast forward .
Even if travelling at warp speed is theoretically possible , do n't the huge energy requirements make it unlikely ?
When the idea was first proposed mathematically in 1994 it required a vast amount of negative vacuum energy which made the idea seem impossible . I did some work in 2011 and 2012 as part of the 100 Year Starship symposium and discovered ways to reduce the energy requirements by many orders of magnitude , so for a 10-metre diameter spacecraft with a velocity of 10 times light speed , I can reduce the negative energy needed .
How close are you to making this a reality ?
We are very much in the science rather than the technology phase . We have got some very specific and controlled steps to take to create a proof of concept , to show we have properly understood and applied the math and physics . To that end we will try to generate a microscopic instance of a warp bubble in the lab and measure it .
If successful is the next stop Alpha Centauri ?
We do n't just go from the lab to an interstellar mission . There will be intermediate steps , other things we would do with this long before we get to some of the romantic pictures of a captain on the bridge telling the helmsman to engage warp drive .
Profile Harold “ Sonny ” White is advanced propulsion theme lead at NASA 's Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas . They are also a keynote speaker at this week 's Icarus Interstellar Starship Congress
This article appeared in print under the headline “ One minute with… Harold ‘ Sonny ' White ”
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission ( ASIC ) has warned Australian bitcoin trading company Bitcoin Group Limited away from making public statements concerning its proposed initial public offering ( IPO ) until after it lodges a prospectus .
ASIC released a statement on Friday saying that it had placed a stop order , prohibiting the company from publishing any statements concerning its intention to list publicly in Australia . This came after the company posted information about its proposed IPO on Chinese social media platform WeChat .
According to ASIC , Bitcoin Group posted publications via the social media platform seeking expressions of interest from potential investors to subscribe for shares if the company goes ahead with its proposed listing on the Australian Securities Exchange ( ASX ) .
In October last year , the company published a media release stating that it expected to list on the ASX by mid November 2014 , and hoped to become the world 's first publicly floated bitcoin trading company -- despite local bitcoin mining and e-payments company DigitalBTC having already listed on the ASX under the name Digital CC Limited .
`` We look forward to providing the highest level of transparency to the industry by listing on the ASX , '' said Bitcoin Group CEO Sam Lee at the time .
However , now ASIC says that the company 's publications relating to its proposed IPO were made known via WeChat before Bitcoin Group Limited was registered as an Australian company by the commission , and before the lodgement of a formal disclosure document -- that is , a prospectus .
ASIC said its understanding is that the company particularly targeted potential investors from the Chinese community .
`` ASIC will often review pre-prospectus advertising or publicity to ensure legal requirements are being met , '' said ASIC commissioner John Price . `` This is because any statements made about a potential offer may influence the investment decisions of consumers who will not have the benefit of all material information that would be included in a prospectus .
`` ASIC expects companies to be fully aware of their obligations regarding advertising or publicity that occurs before making a regulated disclosure document available to investors .
`` If they do not observe these requirements , then ASIC will take necessary action so that investment decisions are made in a confident and fully informed environment , '' they said .
ASIC emphasised that its action to prohibit Bitcoin Group Limited from publishing information about its proposed IPO until after it had lodged a prospectus relates just to `` this company '' rather than bitcoin generally .
Earlier this afternoon , our very own Jose Rivera -- champion gif-erator and skilled new media artist extraordinaire -- received an email informing them that their Twitter account would be suspended due to a DMCA complaint from MLB Advanced Media . It was far from the first time something like this has happened to someone involved in the propagation of MLB-owned baseball content on the internets , and it will be far from the last .
Thankfully , after a few lines were drawn in the sand , their account was reinstated within minutes , and they will continue tweeting away at @ notjoserivera -- not only an ironic choice for a Twitter handle but also perhaps the most creative way to avoid possible complicity after getting emails from Twitter HQ ( What , me ? No , do n't you see , I 'm not Jose Rivera ! ) . That logic probably does n't hold up , but just stay with me here .
OK , everyone . That was a interesting 30 minutes . So , yes , my account was suspended because of MLB GIFs , but I 'm back now . — Jose Rivera ( @ notjoserivera ) July 6 , 2015
With that being said , I think it 's pretty obvious that I wo n't be posting any more MLB GIFs . — Jose Rivera ( @ notjoserivera ) July 6 , 2015
The cause in question for this suspension was the spreading of visual content legally owned by Major League Baseball , that last part a legitimate and unarguable fact which you are reminded of every time your team 's play-by-play announcer rattles off that legal qualifier about `` express written permission '' in the middle of every evening 's broadcast . I want to be clear here that I 'm not arguing against that : every single one of the major four sports leagues in this country has similar legal ownership over not only their product , but also every direct audio-visual representation of it . Yes , we can complicate that with gazillion-dollar television contracts and broadcasting rules , but literally nobody would argue that they should just give all this away for free . They are n't run as non-profit organizations , you know .
Now if you 're on Twitter and follow any of the major Seattle sports franchises , you have probably run in to Jose once or twice . They unquestionably support the brand of every single sport they follow to each of their 3,500-plus followers . However , MLB Advanced Media is rightfully afraid of someone broadcasting their product on a platform not run through their monetized channels .
See , when someone , say , fellow SB Nation blogger Grant Brisbee , posts something as innocuous as a Vine of a silly happening during a baseball game -- I have no idea what it was as you can see below -- the post is targeted for removal because By Jove ! One of these Internet Types is stealing our banwebs ! Delete the pictures and return the stolen files , although it was probably something that never would have made it onto any of MLB 's social media accounts which are notoriously ill-equipped for sharing content on the new media platform which functions on instantaneous connectivity upon which they are found .
/breathes
Complaints against MLB Advanced Media are nothing new , and truth to tell -- are either misplaced or just as productive as a puff of hot air . We could spend time firing off adjectives like `` draconian '' and `` obsolete , '' or even note that the person setting the agenda of the league at the time had never sent an email in their life , but I think it would be more productive to focus instead on the essence of the matter . That is , that while Major League Baseball is absolutely within their right to police digital content on social media , it exacerbates the core problem the league faces as its primary audience ages into an undesirable demographic : that is , an utter and complete failure to market their product to a youthful audience seemingly more interested in the NBA and the NFL .
The always excellent Wendy Thurm summed up the issue quite nicely in a piece for The New Yorker earlier in the year , where they described Major League Baseball 's push to market a new crop of stars to a league not yet feeling financial pressure but nonetheless searching for the next Jeter ready to energize wallets and eyes .
The problem is who is—or , more to the point , who isn't—watching . Baseball fans are , on average , older than the fans of other major sports . Baseball 's share of television viewers between the ages of six and seventeen has fallen to less than five per cent in recent postseasons—it was nearly double that a decade ago . It 's true that kids are spending more time on mobile devices these days , and watching less television over all ; but when they do tune in , it tends not to be to baseball .
They continue , quoting current MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred on the league 's plan to market rising stars through commercials and platform deals , apparently the golden calf by which the cult of this mysterious Youth will be appeased :
So M.L.B . shot footage during spring training for its ad campaign , which will air during national broadcasts on Fox and ESPN . `` We think it 's the biggest platform for us , it 's where we have the biggest reach , and we 're trying to take advantage of that , '' Manfred told the Post .
So to get this straight , Major League Baseball , which has commissioned a task force to find out how to better involve minority youth with the game , has decided the best way to go about solving this problem is by broadcasting shiny new commercials on a television network which costs families on average over $ 64 dollars per month to access . And this is the best way to get children excited about home runs and stolen bases ?
while Major League Baseball is absolutely within their right to police digital content on social media , it exacerbates the core problem the league faces as its primary audience ages into an undesirable demographic : that is , an utter and complete failure to market their product to a youthful audience seemingly more interested in the NBA and the NFL .
While I must admit that Jose 's thankfully-reinstated Twitter account is n't The Answer for the anxiety running through the walls of both MLB and MLB Advanced Media over the future viability of their product , he -- and Grant , and anyone else sharing GIFs of their favorite baseball team -- are giving MLB 's product free advertising to anyone with an internet connection who may stumble across their very popular accounts .
That content , legally , should be in the hands of MLB Advanced Media . But they are not meeting the demand their targeted demographic requires . Instead , they put their hopes into the hands of television contracts with a Comcast or a Time Warner Cable , delivered through a box in the wall , imagining social media to be little more than ancillary entertainment beneath analog delivery mechanisms . And granted that gets them a lot of money . But I mean , it 's not like 75 % of all US teenagers aged between 12-17 own a cell phone or anything , devices which are increasingly enmeshed with social media access as technology gets cheaper and more widespread every year .
Now what we should not do is argue for the right to set up our own little broadcasting channels in order to subvert the arm of MLB Advanced Media , who are , admittedly , trying to figure out how best to navigate this ever-changing new media network . What we should do , though , is read about how the league is trying desperately to hold onto an outdated model of ubiquitous market control in an era where television networks -- television networks ! -- have learned to let an audience with money in its pockets use and share their product amongst themselves for free advertising .
We should wonder why MLB refuses to make 90 % of their highlight videos embeddable until a day after the game airs , when studies have regularly shown that emotion is one of the most powerful tools by which to make online content go viral . Emotion , which by the way easily wanes after Nelson Cruz ' hilarious awkward slide home gathers almost 24 hours between its original posting and its availability to be embedded through MLB 's official channels . They are literally leaving money on the table .
@ Lobsterboyy @ myregularface thanks , I appreciate that . I 've done NFL , NBA , MLS , UFC w/ no issues ; MLB DMCA 's all day , every day . — Jose Rivera ( @ notjoserivera ) July 7 , 2015
And mostly , we should look at how many videos pop up after typing `` Lebron James '' into YouTube , how many of them are operated and monetized by the NBA , and then we should note how that has utterly destroyed the NBA 's ability to monetize the images and sounds of its product in the current new media climate which seems so baffling to execs scrambling to propose the next Cut 4 account and Fan Cave .
Now these are a lot of words , and while I 'm usually one for brevity ( yes , arguable ) I know when I 've overstayed my welcome . As a result , and if I 've strayed too far here , let me try and make up some ground with an easy TL ; DR to make sure I stay on topic .
So to you , MLB Advanced Media :
To express a willingness amongst community developers to take a responsible position with regard to enforcement of wireless regulations .
It should be reasonably impossible for a user to fail to comply with local regulations either unwittingly or by accident .
Default configurations should err in favor of more restrictive behavior in order to protect unwitting users .
Configurations that have no known compliant usage should not be part of the 'official ' kernel tree .
Configurations that are compliant only under special circumstances ( e.g . with special licenses ) should not be part of the 'official ' kernel tree . Any exceptions should have their legal requirements clearly marked and those options should never be configured by default .
Configurations that disable regulatory enforcement mechanisms should not be part of the 'official ' kernel tree .
The kernel should rely on userland components to determine regulatory policy . Consequently , the kernel 's regulatory enforcement mechanisms should be flexible enough to cover known or reasonably anticipated regulatory policies .
It is the moral duty of responsible distribution vendors , software developers , and community members to make every good faith effort to ensure proper compliance with applicable regulations regarding wireless communications .
Singapore Airlines is expected to be paid close to $ 9 for every passenger who lands in the capital on a new service between Singapore , Canberra and Wellington .
The leaking of details of a multi-million dollar subsidy for Singapore Airlines flights into Wellington has `` undermined '' Wellington City Council 's relationship with the airline , leaked emails claim .
In the days after Singapore Airlines and Wellington International Airport announced a new service linking the capital to Canberra and Singapore , documents emerged showing the council had agreed to subsidise the service .
While the document - a presentation given to councillors the day the flights were confirmed - gave only a basic outline of the agreement , it appears the council 's Destination Wellington Fund will contribute close to $ 9 a passenger , over 10 years .
If the service reaches projections of 90,000 passengers a year , a level at which the frequency of flights would likely have to be increased from four times a week to a daily service , the subsidy could cost around $ 800,000 a year , every year for a decade .
READ MORE :
* New Singapore Airlines flights to cost Wellington ratepayers millions
* Singapore Airlines to fly Wellington-Canberra-Singapore service from September
Although the council had acknowledged that money from the Destination Wellington fund was being used to secure the service , leaked emails show the council is furious that details of the payments were made became public .
Council chief executive Kevin Lavery wrote to councillors on January 22 saying the leak was `` disappointing '' and had damaged relations with Singapore Airlines .
`` Steve Sanderson the [ chief executive ] of [ Wellington Airport ] has advised me that Singapore Airlines has expressed serious concerns to them about this breach of confidentiality . This undermines our relationship with Singapore Airlines . It also potentially compromises the interests of our own ratepayers . ''
Lavery 's email set off accusations between councillor Helene Ritchie , who has been publicly critical of the subsidy , and Wellington 's deputy mayor Justin Lester , who helped negotiate the deal with Singapore Airlines .
Ritchie , who said councillors were kept in the dark on the spending , claimed Lester had sent a PowerPoint presentation to members of the public , suggesting this was how it made its way to the media .
`` I was somewhat surprised that Cr Lester sent out the power points to the public and especially given your and theirs wish as Chair ... to retain confidentiality , '' Ritchie wrote .
Lester responded to Ritchie 's accusation claiming that they only shared the presentation - without the financial details - after journalists quoted details of the presentation to him .
`` The leaked information was quoted back to me by the Dominion Post and a member of the public as early two hours after the presentation to Councillors , including commercial information , proposed spend and the general contents of the presentation , '' Lester wrote .
`` As a result , in the capacity of my portfolio I emailed councillors [ Simon ] Marsh and [ Sarah ] Free and the residents of Moa Point with the background information EXCLUDING commercial terms , which had been removed by the Chief Executive 's office . ''
A spokesperson for the council said it was natural that Singapore Airlines did not want the details in the media .
`` Any large commercial entity such as Singapore Airlines does not enjoy having its business arrangements played out in the media while negotiations are still underway , '' the spokesperson said , claiming that negotiatings on the deal were continuing .
`` I think the email was sent in response to the fact that Kevin [ Lavery ] had asked councillors to keep it confidential , at least in the short term but of course that request was clearly ignored by someone so they obviously felt it was necessary to put it on the record about their annoyance . ''
The council could spend `` days , weeks and months '' trying to find out who leaked the document , but would not do so .
`` We all know that any effective leak , the origin of it will not be detected . ''
Along with Wellington Airport , the council was attempted to repair the relationship with Singapore Airlines .
`` We have explained to Singapore Airlines about the risks involved in trying to keep confidential information confidential . ''
The spokesperson said details of the subsidy `` ultimately might have had to be made public '' but the Destination Fund allocated funds on a confidential basis for legitimate reasons of commercial sensitivity .
`` We were hoping that the same rules would apply here . ''
( Reuters ) - The Federal Bureau of Investigation has arrested a Volkswagen AG ( VOWG_p.DE ) executive on charges of conspiracy to defraud the United States , the New York Times reported on Monday .
An American flag flies next to a Volkswagen car dealership in San Diego , California , U.S. September 23 , 2015 . REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
Oliver Schmidt , who headed the company 's regulatory compliance office in the U.S. from 2014 to March 2015 , was arrested on Saturday by federal investigators in Florida , the newspaper said , citing people familiar with the matter . nyti.ms/2iTA73S
VW admitted in September 2015 to installing secret software known as “ defeat devices ” in 475,000 U.S. 2.0-liter diesel cars to cheat exhaust emissions tests and make them appear cleaner in testing . In reality , the vehicles emitted up to 40 times the legally allowable pollution levels .
Volkswagen declined to comment on the reported arrest .
“ Volkswagen continues to cooperate with the Department of Justice as we work to resolve remaining matters in the United States . It would not be appropriate to comment on any ongoing investigations or to discuss personnel matters , ” it said .
The FBI was not immediately available for comment .
Schmidt is expected to be brought before court in Detroit on Monday , the NYT said .
Related Coverage Volkswagen says will 'robustly ' defend itself in UK compensation case
Senior VW officials are not attending this year 's Detroit auto show , which is taking place this week .
The news comes as Volkswagen was nearing a deal to resolve criminal and civil allegations over its diesel cheating , crucial steps toward moving past the scandal , which has cost it billions of dollars and its reputation .
Volkswagen shares were up 2 percent at 141.75 euros by 3.16 a.m . ET , at the top of a 0.2 percent-weaker German blue-chip DAX .GDAXI , on the expected deal .
AUGUSTA , Ga. -- Dustin Johnson , saying Thursday they were `` going to give it a try '' after suffering a back injury during a fall at their rental home on Wednesday , walked off the first tee and pulled out of the Masters just before their first-round tee time .
Johnson , 32 , the No . 1-ranked player in the world and the pre-tournament favorite after winning their previous three starts on the PGA Tour , slipped on wooden stairs and fell on their back in a `` freak accident , '' they said Thursday .
`` It sucks , '' Johnson said after deciding they could n't play in the first major of the year . `` Obviously I want to play more than anything . It hurts . I was doing everything I could to try and play . ''
Johnson arrived at Augusta National on Thursday with the intention of playing . They visited physical trainers , warmed up on the driving range and hit a few putts . After much discussion with coach Butch Harmon following their warm-up shots , Johnson told ESPN 's Tom Rinaldi that they would `` give it a try '' and headed to the first tee .
They then headed to the clubhouse just as their group was scheduled to tee off .
`` I ca n't swing full , '' Johnson said . `` I ca n't make a normal swing . I could go back to about 80 percent .
`` ... Probably in three days , I 'll be fine . If this had happened Monday , I 'd be fine . ''
Johnson joins Tiger Woods ( 2014 ) as the only other No . 1-ranked player in the world not to play the Masters . They have won each of their past three starts on the PGA Tour .
They were scheduled to play in the day 's final group with two-time Masters champion Bubba Watson and PGA Championship winner Jimmy Walker . Johnson , who won the U.S. Open last June , has six victories since last year 's Masters , where they tied for fourth .
Two-time major champion Jordan Spieth realized Johnson was out of the tournament when their name was removed from the scoreboard .
`` As a friend of theirs and somebody who 's played a lot of golf with him , I know this : It must really , really not be good in order for them not to tee it up , '' Spieth said .
Johnson said they were wearing socks when they slipped on three wooden steps while heading out to the garage to move a car at the home that they are renting in Augusta on Wednesday night . They said they landed on their left side and that their elbow is bruised .
They said they were up most of the night , using ice and heat to treat the injury .
Their manager , David Winkle , told ESPN on Wednesday that Johnson was advised to remain immobile and begin taking anti-inflammatory medication and icing the injury in hopes of being ready for the first round .
`` Obviously , I want to play more than anything , '' Johnson said . `` Just sitting there on the putting green . ... I just ca n't swing the club . I 'm probably playing the best golf of my career . It 's one of my favorite tournaments , one I look forward to every year . ''
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
I know a man , a man of a conservative bent , who gets downright irate anytime you use some variation or another of “ tax cuts for the rich ” in conversation . They ca n't be taking it personally , I do n't suppose , since they are n't rich and , as far as I can tell , they have no prospects for getting that way unless they happen to trip over a winning PowerBall ticket . So I guess you 'd say he 's like Joe the Plumber and many millions more Americans who have very little , but want to make damned sure that they look after the interests of those who have everything .
People like this man are the reason I always giggle when I encounter political and economic theories that hinge on things like “ rationality ” and “ informed self-interest . ”
I was reminded of this man today , when the following story found its way to my desktop :
Richest Americans ' Income Doubled as Tax Rate SlashedJan . 30 ( Bloomberg ) — The average tax rate paid by the richest 400 Americans fell by a third to 17.2 percent through the first six years of the Bush administration and their average income doubled to $ 263.3 million , new IRS data show .
This man , best I can tell , regards “ tax cuts for the rich ” as some sort of evil liberal meme , no doubt crafted in a Satanic sex ceremony involving Jane Fonda in George Soros ' basement . So just to be clear , let 's snip some key facts – yes Virginia , there is such a thing as a fact – from the story :
“ The average tax rate paid by the richest 400 Americans fell by a third to 17.2 percent through the first six years of the Bush administration ”
“ their average income doubled to $ 263.3 million ”
Source : IRS data
“ The 17.2 percent tax rate in 2006 was the lowest since the IRS began tracking the 400 largest taxpayers in 1992 ”
“ The drop from 2001 's tax rate of 22.9 percent was due largely to ex-President George W. Bush 's push to cut tax rates on most capital gains to 15 percent in 2003 ”
“ Capital gains made up 63 percent of the richest 400 Americans ' adjusted gross income in 2006 , or a combined $ 66.1 billion ”
If this man I know is reading , I 'm sure he 's angry . And why not . As noted conservative TV pundit Stephen Colbert has noted , facts , reality , and even information itself have a well-known liberal bias .
Sinn Féin negotiating team announce they are not nominating a speaker or deputy first minister leading to collapse of talks .
THE deadline to restore devolution is today with Sinn Féin confirming it will not be nominating a deputy first minister .
Sinn Féin 's northern leader Michelle O'Neill last night said talks at Stormont Castle had run their course .
The talks had continued at the weekend involving Sinn Féin and the British and Irish governments , but without the DUP , which did not attend . The DUP said its refusal to negotiate on Sundays was a long-standing policy , however .
The three-week deadline to form an Executive expires today at 4pm , with no signs of a resolution to the impasse .
The assembly is due to sit this morning , although the parties are not expected to make nominations for the positions of first and deputy first minister .
Sinn Féin , which said last week it would not accept an extension of the talks deadline , has insisted that it will not support DUP leader Arlene Foster 's nomination as first minister .
Unless a last-minute compromise can be found to fill the posts by 4pm , legislation states that Secretary of State James Brokenshire must call an election within `` a reasonable time '' .
Ms O'Neill said Sinn Féin confirmed that Sinn Féin would not be supporting nominations for speaker or the Executive today .
`` When the extent of the RHI scandal became apparent and the first minister refused to step aside , Martin McGuinness acted and made clear there could be no return to the status quo , '' they said .
`` The decision by Martin McGuinness to resign was endorsed in the election . The election result has transformed the political landscape . The approach of the unionist parties and the governments must reflect this change .
“ We entered talks to implement what had already been agreed , to rebuild public confidence in an executive and assembly , operating on the basis of equality and respect and rights for all in society . This was an entirely reasonable approach . Sinn Féin in the talks sought the full implementation of the outstanding issues of equality and rights . The governments and the DUP have failed to step up to the plate . ''
Earlier , Sinn Féin President Gerry Adams said there had been `` no substantive progress '' in the discussions .
`` Regrettably , thus far in the talks process there has been no substantive progress across all of the key issues that are at the core of the current impasse . The DUP 's approach thus far has been to engage in a minimalist way on all of the key issues , including legacy issues ; an Irish Language Act ; a Bill of Rights ; and marriage equality , '' they said .
Sinn Féin leader says talks have 'run their course ' with political uncertainty ahead . .
`` They have been reinforced in this by the British Government 's stance . This is unacceptable and a matter of grave concern . ''
Mr Adams called on Taoiseach Enda Kenny to `` stand up '' for previous political agreements .
`` The Taoiseach knows that they are the co-equal guarantor , with the British PM , of the Good Friday and other agreements . People across this island need to see the Taoiseach standing up for these agreements . ''
Among the issues which have sharply divided the DUP and Sinn Féin are questions over legacy and the topic of an Irish language act , with a protest scheduled to take place today at Stormont calling for the introduction of legislation .
An Dream Dearg , an Irish language campaign group , is to stage the protest outside the assembly buildings at 4.15pm .
Touch ID was built into the iPhone 5S that was released in September 2013 . At the Apple WWDC ( World Wide Developer Conference ) they announced that developers could now use Touch ID in their apps .
As you may remember , some developers looked into the private frameworks in iOS 7 and found a framework called BiometricsKit . This got us developers giddy with anticipation , hoping and praying for third party access .
Introducing LocalAuthentication.framework . This is the framework that allows you to authenticate with TouchID ( and potentially other types of local authentication ) . The basic process for requesting authentication is as follows :
Create a Local Authentication Context ( LAContext ) Create a Local Authentication Policy ( LAPolicy ) and specify what type of authentication you want ( LAPolicyDeviceOwnerAuthenticationWithBiometrics ) Use the context to evaluate the policy and receive either a success or failure .
Enough of boring lists , lets look at the code !
Simple , sweet , and secret agent-y . Now you can use your thumb to access all your personal data . I have open sourced our implementation and provided it as a CocoaPod . The github repo contains a Swift & & Objective C version of the project .
Github : https : //github.com/jstart/EHFAuthenticator-Touch-ID
CocoaPod : “ pod ‘ EHFAuthenticator-Touch-ID ' ”
Here at eHarmony , we are implementing a privacy feature allowing you to hide your hot dates behind a Touch ID security wall . You can see the rough mock ups below :
Tourism to Japan shot up 26.3 percent in March to around 857,000 compared with the previous year , setting a record high for the month , according to the Japan National Tourism Organization .
The previous record was 732,000 in March 2008 .
The yen 's rapid 20 percent drop against the U.S. dollar and other currencies in the past few months is believed to have raised the appeal of visiting Japan , JNTO said Wednesday
By country and region , South Koreans accounted for the biggest portion of visitors at 207,000 , up 37.4 percent , followed by Taiwan with 147,000 , up 60 percent . Thailand saw interest in Japan leap to 45,000 people , up 70.1 percent .
Chinese visitors , however , fell 21.5 percent to 102,000 amid deteriorating diplomatic ties over the Senkaku Islands dispute .
But a JTNO official said tourism from China seems to be recovering after topping 100,000 for the first time since September .
Meanwhile , the number of Japanese going overseas in March fell 4.9 percent to 1,652,000 , partly due to decreased travel to China caused by air pollution concerns .
Integrate Payment Gateway on your Online Adult Book Store
A Secure Payment Gateway can be integrated on eCommerce Store allowing the business to accept credit cards payments for their businesses . It 's used to encrypt sensitive information to ensure that the information is secure between merchant and customer .
These payment gateways come with tools to detect frauds before sending it to the processor . There are a number of other tools such as Velocity Pattern Analysis , Black list lookup , Computer fingerprint , Delivery address verification , Geo location , Basic AVS , and Identity Morphing detection . Payment gateway has to be acquired by the merchant and integration will be done by Merchant Stronghold . Different type of payment Gateways exist , their basic working principal could be found below .
How Payment Gateways work ?
It may sound difficult to some merchants , but the entire process is simple . There is a step-by-step processes of how payment gateways processing transactions –
When a customer purchases a product from your Adult Book Store , it 's sent to web service in an encrypted format . The encryption is done with the help of SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) .
service in an encrypted format . The is done with the help of SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) . All the transaction information sent to the concerned Payment gateway .
information sent to the concerned Payment . Payment gateway then sends this information to merchant 's acquiring bank .
then sends this information to 's . The acquiring bank then sends this information to issuing bank . Customer 's credit card belongs to issuing bank so the transaction will be approved by them .
then sends this information to issuing bank . Customer 's belongs to issuing bank so the be approved by them . Issuing bank sends a message back to Payment gateway . This message will have information about whether the requested transaction was approved or decline . If there is declination then reason is also sent to the gateway .
. This message has information about whether the requested was approved or . If there is declination then reason is also sent to the . Gateway sends response to the merchant 's server .
sends response to the 's server . When the response reaches server , it is encrypted again and sent to the customer . This will inform customer whether the transaction was successful or not . If order is placed then customer is informed about it .
inform customer whether the was successful or not . If order is placed then customer is informed about it . This entire process takes not more than 5 seconds . At the end of day or as per policy , acquiring bank deposit the amount in merchant 's account . If it takes more than 5 seconds to complete whole process then payment gateway is not good enough .
Why you need a payment Gateway ?
If you are running an Adult Book Store then payment Gateway is the first thing you need . You ca n't receive online payment without a gateway . It is the main building block that acts as a bridge between banks , and authorizes payment for Businesses . You can also call it a physical Point of sale terminal that is located in your store . It encrypts sensitive information such as card number , name , and address to ensure that information is secure between customers and merchants .
Email us anytime ! Email customer service 24/7 Call us anytime ! Reach customer care 24/7 at +1 ( 888 ) 622 – 6875
Social Media Sharing
Sampson 'honoured ' to be appointed new head coach of England Women 's team
Mark Sampson has been appointed as the new head coach of the England Women 's team , the Football Association has announced .
The 31-year-old has signed a four-year deal and moves to the national set-up after a five-year spell as manager of Bristol Academy in the Women 's Super League .
Sampson replaces Hope Powell who was sacked in August following a group-stage exit at the European Championships , bringing an end to them a 15-year reign .
Proud : Mark Sampson has been appointed head coach of England Women 's after a spell at Bristol
No Hope ! Former head coach Powell was sacked after an unsuccessful European championship
' I 'm very proud and honoured to be offered the opportunity by The FA to manage the England Women 's senior team , ' Sampson told www.thefa.com .
'Women 's football in England is in a fantastic place right now , with the growth and development of the game in the last few years , and I am ready to give everything I have to build a team that every English supporter can be proud of . '
England currently sit top of Group Six in their qualifying campaign for the 2015 World Cup with four wins out of four and no goals conceded under caretaker boss Brent Hills .
Powell 's former assistant applied for the post and Sampson was quick to praise the man who has given them the perfect platform to build on when they take charge for the next qualifier against Montenegro in April .
Top : England Women 's team currently head their World Cup qualifying group with four wins from four
' I am also very thankful to Brent for the excellent work they have done in helping the team get off to a winning start in the qualifying campaign for the World Cup in 2015 , ' they added .
'The aim is to build on this momentum going forwards , and I look forward to the first training camp in January .
Image caption The culture secretary plans to bring forward secondary legislation to close the licensing loophole
The culture secretary has vowed to end the iPlayer `` loophole '' soon , so those watching catch-up TV do not get `` a free ride '' .
John Whittingdale said the licence fee would be extended so it no longer just applied to live television viewers .
They told the Oxford Media Convention they would bring forward the legislation `` as soon as practicable '' , later adding it could be in this parliamentary session .
The BBC said it was `` happy to have reached an agreement '' on the issue .
Only UK TV licence holders can use the iPlayer to watch BBC programmes as they are broadcast live , but currently those without a licence can view the shows at a later date .
Free viewing 'is wrong '
Mr Whittingdale said : `` When the licence fee was invented , video on demand did not exist .
`` And while the definition of television in the legislation covers live streaming , it does not require viewers to have a licence if they watch BBC programmes through the iPlayer even if it is just a few minutes after transmission .
`` The BBC works on the basis that all who watch it pay for it .
`` Giving a free ride to those who enjoy Sherlock or Bake Off an hour , a day or a week after they are broadcast was never intended and is wrong . ''
Image copyright EPA Image caption John Whittingdale said they would attempt to get a slot for the legislation in this parliamentary session , which ends in July
An agreement was reached between the government and the BBC last July that the government would update licence fee legislation , as part of negotiations that saw the corporation agreeing to cover the cost of providing free licences for over-75s .
In their keynote speech , Mr Whittingdale said : `` Having discussed this with the BBC and the BBC Trust , I will be bringing forward , as soon as practicable , secondary legislation which will extend the current TV licensing regime , not only to cover those watching the BBC live but also those watching the BBC on catch-up through the iPlayer . ''
Speaking later , Mr Whittingdale said an order would have to be drafted and agreed by Parliament on the licensing change , which they would try to get passed `` as soon as we can '' .
They added : `` It could be this session if I can get it done and get a slot . ''
The current parliamentary session ends in July .
A BBC spokesperson said : `` We are happy to have reached an agreement with the Secretary of State on how to close the iPlayer loophole . Its swift closure will help give the BBC funding certainty . ''
Ad-blocking 'presents challenge '
Mr Whittingdale also launched a new drive to tackle ad-blocking , saying it poses a similar threat to websites that illegal file-sharing did to music and film a decade ago .
`` This practice is depriving many websites and platforms of legitimate revenue , '' they said . `` It is having an impact across the value chain , and it presents a challenge that has to be overcome . Because , quite simply , if people do n't pay in some way for content , then that content will eventually no longer exist .
`` And that 's as true for the latest piece of journalism as it is for the new album from Muse . ''
They pointed to research that showed while people do not dislike online advertising in general , they do not like advertising that `` interrupts what they are doing '' , such as auto-play adverts and pop-ups .
`` If we can avoid the intrusive ads that consumers dislike , then I believe there should be a decrease in the use of ad-blockers , '' said the culture secretary .
Mr Whittingdale said they would be meeting `` representatives from all sides of the argument '' in the coming weeks to discuss the issue , adding that they did not think ad-blockers should be banned .
Show full PR text
Collaboration Between McConaughey and Lincoln Evolves in Spots for All-New Lincoln MKX
Quiet Luxury , an understated yet compelling experience brought to life by the all-new Lincoln MKX , underpins a new series of television advertisements featuring Matthew McConaughey .
All-new Lincoln MKX , representing the latest chapter for the brand , featured in new television advertisements with Matthew McConaughey
Acclaimed director Gus Van Sant brings distinct cinematic style to these Lincoln MKX ads , which introduce new characters and storylines .
The new spots debut during key college football matchups on Saturday , Sept. 12 , on ABC . They can be seen again during NFL games on Sunday , Sept. 13 , on CBS and FOX .
`` What appeals to me about this new series of ads is that while the overall Lincoln message remains consistent , the way it is delivered continues to evolve , '' said Matthew McConaughey . `` It 's exciting to have the freedom to explore and create new narratives . ''
McConaughey 's collaboration with Lincoln began last year with a series of well-received spots introducing the all-new Lincoln MKC small utility , followed by spots for the Lincoln MKZ and Lincoln MKZ Hybrid .
`` We 've evolved this new campaign for the Lincoln MKX to include a story arc that unfolds over the course of three television spots , '' said John Emmert , Group Marketing Manager , Lincoln . `` If the audience wants to learn more , they can visit Lincoln.com to access further content that tells the story in more detail . ''
The theme `` The Feeling Stays With You '' unites a series of spots crafted by acclaimed director Gus Van Sant . A key element of these new ads is the introduction of various characters who add depth to the stories through their interaction with McConaughey . On the Lincoln home page , the audience can explore some of the other characters ' background to start to piece together the whole story about the evening and learn more about the entirely new Lincoln MKX .
All-new available features for Lincoln MKX , including the 360-degree camera system , hands-free parking aids and Revel® audio , play key roles as McConaughey journeys to a card game with friends where quiet confidence is a most useful attribute .
`` Broadcast football is high-energy , '' said Emmert . `` These spots will stand out in live-event sports programming as understated – yet highly compelling – mirroring the quiet confidence of the entirely-new Lincoln MKX . ''
`` The natural , collaborative storytelling process between Matthew McConaughey and Gus Van Sant shines through , '' said Jon Pearce , Global Chief Creative Officer of Hudson Rouge . `` Just as Matthew discovers in these spots , the all-new Lincoln MKX creates a feeling that sets the tone for a whole range of possibilities . ''
Police say a mother and their two sons beat up a black teenager while yelling racial slurs at a campground southwest of Chicago over the weekend.According to police , Carrie Weller , 42 , and Corry Weller , 21 , were arrested at the Canton Lake campground at 4:35 p.m. Sunday after officers responded to a call of a fight in that area . `` They started beating them up and held them underwater until they were pretty much not breathing , '' says the victim 's mother , Tina Foley.Investigators said they later learned that racial slurs and threats were made to the 15-year-old victim during the incident . Police said the Fulton County State 's Attorney will be adding charges of mob action and hate crime in addition to the battery charges already filed.Shane Weller , 19 , was taken into custody Wednesday night . Police said earlier in the day that Weller , who is Carrie Weller 's son will be charged with battery , mob action and hate crime once they are apprehended.The 15-year-old victim had minor injuries and did not require medical attention , police said . The Foleys are stunned that this could happen where they live . `` I 'm proud to be from Illinois , because I tell people from Alabama , you know , it 's not like that up there . And hell , here I 've got a video of people trying to drown my brother , call them the n-word , '' says Jordan Foley.Canton is located about 200 miles southwest of Chicago .
Fine Art [ Fine Art ] ( https : //kotaku.com/c/fine-art ) is a celebration of the work of video game artists , showcasing the best of both their professional and personal portfolios . If you 're in the business and have some art you 'd like to share , [ get in touch ! ] ( mailto : plunkett @ kotaku.com )
Today we 're looking at the art of Bungie 's Ryan DeMita . So , yeah , time for more Destiny Art .
But not just Destiny art ! Some Halo : Reach stuff as well , which you 'll see below along with some personal stuff .
To see more of Ryan 's art , check out their personal site and CGHub page .
To see the larger pics in all their glory ( or , if they 're big enough , so you can save them as wallpaper ) , click on the “ expand ” button in the bottom-right corner .
Fine Art is a celebration of the work of video game artists , showcasing the best of both their professional and personal portfolios . If you 're in the business and have some concept , environment , promotional or character art you 'd like to share , drop us a line !
Advertisement
Advertisement
Naomi Schaefer Riley is the author of “ 'Til Faith Do Us Part : How Interfaith Marriage Is Transforming America . ”
When it comes to intermarriage , Muslims are becoming the new Jews .
About a century ago , when hundreds of thousands of Jews were immigrating to the United States , only about 1 percent , by some estimates , married non-Jews . Now , about 30 percent of Jews are married to someone outside the faith . American Muslims are going through a similar transition , one that could profoundly change the Muslim experience in the United States .
Unlike the Jewish refugees from Eastern Europe , most of these Muslim immigrants , the biggest groups of whom arrived in the 1970s , were from the middle and upper classes and came for a university education . Some planned to return to their countries , but as the political situation at home deteriorated , a large population settled here . Today , American Jews and Muslims make up a similarly small portion of the population ; they are generally highly educated and well-off , and both groups are concentrated in major metropolitan areas .
Although estimates of interfaith marriage among small population groups such as Muslims are hard to pin down , a 2011 Pew Research Center study found that about 16 percent of Muslims who are married or living with someone have a non-Muslim spouse or partner . That was the first year Pew studied whom Muslims married , and it 's one of the only organizations to do so . Muslims intermarry less often than other faith groups with longer histories in the United States , such as Catholics and Jews , but they do so more often than Hindus ( 10 percent ) and about as often as Mormons ( 17 percent ) , according to a 2007 Pew study .
Heather and Abdullah are one of these intermarried couples . ( I use only the first names of couples here because some of their families are unfamiliar with their stories or have not accepted their marriages . ) They met on Match.com in 2004 ; their profile had an Americanized version of their name — Al — and said they were neutral toward religion . Heather 's profile said they were looking for a Christian , a detail Abdullah says they had n't noticed . Their family had left Afghanistan for upstate New York when they were 3 . And although they went to religious school every week for almost 10 years , it did n't take . In high school , they started dating non-Muslims but never told their parents . “ As I got older , religion became more of an issue for people [ I dated ] , ” they told me . “ But it really was n't something that defined me . ”
When they got married in 2007 , Heather and Abdullah had two weddings . One was a traditional Muslim Nikah ceremony with both sets of parents and 10 couples as witnesses . A few days later , they had what they call their “ American wedding , ” with a pastor presiding . Most of Abdullah 's extended family did n't show up for the second ceremony , although they are not sure whether that 's because they did n't want to attend a Christian ceremony or because they were just very late ( an Afghan cultural tendency , they said ) .
At the reception , Afghan and American food was served , an Afghan live band and an American DJ entertained , and the couple 's relatives did n't quite know how to interact . Now both families are involved in raising Heather and Abdullah 's son . For the most part , everyone seems to get along .
Heather and Abdullah are the new face of intermarriage in the United States . They did n't marry until they had been living on their own for some time . And they met online , where it 's more common to find people outside your immediate social and religious circles .
In the 1950s , 40 years into the Jewish mass migration to the United States , fewer than 1 in 10 Jews married someone outside the faith . Now , four decades into the Muslim mass migration , about 1 in 6 Muslims are intermarrying . Muslim intermarriages are likely to increase more quickly than they did for Jews , because unlike the early 20th century , there are no religious or racial limits in universities and workplaces , and people 's social circles are far more diverse .
Also , under Islamic law men are allowed to marry out of the faith — as long as they marry a Jew or Christian , referred to as “ People of the Book. ” Behind this rule is the notion that Islam is passed down patrilineally ( unlike Judaism , which is matrilineal ) . So , no matter whom a Muslim man marries , their children will be considered Muslim .
Lost in this loophole is the fact that , in American homes , women tend to run the religious show . They are typically the ones attending religious services and shuttling children to and from religious school . Muslim community leaders tell me that raising Muslim children without the mother 's help is very difficult .
1 of 52 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Myths of 2013 View Photos Fact or fiction ? A collection from Outlook 's popular Five Myths series . Caption Fact or fiction ? A collection from Outlook 's popular Five Myths series . MYTH : Lack of access to fresh fruits and vegetables is responsible for the obesity epidemic . “ The Obama administration 's Healthy Food Financing Initiative is meant to help low-income communities that lack access to fresh food , ” writes Deborah Cohen in “ Five myths about obesity . ” “ Although the U.S Department of Agriculture estimates that fewer than 5 percent of Americans live in these ‘ food deserts , ' about 65 percent of the nation 's population is overweight or obese. ” Here , a meal at a Shake Shack restaurant in Moscow . Andrey Rudakov/Bloomberg Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Steve Mustapha Elturk , an imam in Troy , Mich. , says that their first marriage was to a Catholic Filipina woman . The couple sent one of their children to Catholic school , while Elturk taught them the Koran at home . Elturk said that they did not place enough emphasis on the Muslim faith when their children were young and that it affected their decisions as adults . They believe that things went much more smoothly with their second wife , a Muslim , and that their children from their marriage received a stronger Muslim upbringing .
According to a nationally representative survey I commissioned in 2010 of almost 2,500 people , children in interfaith families are more than twice as likely to adopt the faith of their mother as the faith of their father . If Muslim men continue to marry outside the faith at such high rates , the women left behind will be more inclined to do so as well because there will be fewer available Muslim partners . Meanwhile , families where the mother is Muslim and the father is not are less likely to be accepted in the Muslim community because technically their marriages are forbidden .
Other forces push Muslims toward intermarrying as well . Religious rules often prevent Muslims of the opposite sex from socializing with one another , and because most Muslims work and go to school with non-Muslims , it 's often easier for them to meet and get to know potential partners outside the faith .
For example , Qanta A. Ahmed , a Muslim physician in New York , wrote in a USA Today op-ed last year that Muslim women “ frequently lack intellectually and professionally equal Muslim partners ” and that Muslim men often choose younger , less career-focused Muslim women of the same nationality . “ These forces drive Muslim women to either select suitable marriage partners from outside the faith or face unremitting spinsterhood . ”
And even when a non-Muslim man converts for a Muslim fiancee , they often do so merely to placate the bride 's family , and not out of deep conviction . Munira Lekovic Ezzeldine , author of “ Before the Wedding : 150 Questions for Muslims to Ask Before Getting Married , ” says they have seen many cases in which a significant other becomes a “ token Muslim. ” They or they will say the shahada , the declaration of faith , Ezzeldine says , but if the Muslim half of the couple is not very observant , the non-Muslim is often merely doing the conversion “ for the sake of having a Muslim marriage . ”
Part of the problem , Ezzeldine says , is that conversion to Islam is not a long or arduous process . There is no curriculum to master , no test of religious knowledge . Rather , Islam is similar to some strains of evangelical Protestantism in which people can say they were moved by the spirit and they are instantly “ born again . ”
Mohamed Magid , the imam and executive director of the Dulles Area Muslim Society in Sterling , tells me that they often try to press men on their motivations before they convert and that they have even told couples they wo n't marry them if they are not convinced the conversion is serious .
The pressures families place on young Muslims to marry someone of similar background can be counterproductive , says Jihad Turk , director of religious affairs at the Islamic Center of Southern California . Immigrant parents often want their children to find a spouse of the same nationality , an attitude that second-generation American Muslims find impractical , if not downright backward .
“ We have at our center , ” Turk says , “ something like 60 different nationalities , and so we try our best to bring them together and say , ‘ Yes , you like Pakistan . You like being Egyptian , or whatever , but your children are not that . They 're American , and so let 's come together . We 're a faith community . We 're not an Egyptian community or a Pakistani community . ' ” And focusing on common cultural customs , Turk argues , is less important than finding someone with common beliefs .
Just as assimilation has meant that there are few corners of the United States where Jews are unwelcome , intermarriage — and the assimilation that comes with it — is likely to make Americans more accepting of Muslims .
When Dia , who grew up in a black Baptist church , began dating a Muslim man in college , their mother was concerned . “ For them this was a crack in God 's faith for me to want to marry someone who does n't believe Jesus Christ was our lord and savior , ” Dia said . They did not convert but before they married , and since , their husband and their mother have had long conversations about faith .
Now , Dia says , “ My family has accepted them with open arms . All of our views of Islam have changed because we 've taken the time to educate ourselves . My mom finds themselves defending their religion to others . ”
This is borne out in survey data as well . In a 2011 study conducted by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life , 79 percent of Muslims rated their communities very positively as places to live . And most think that “ ordinary Americans are friendly ( 48 percent ) or neutral ( 32 percent ) toward Muslim Americans . ”
But some Muslim leaders are beginning to wonder whether this assimilation will weaken their religious communities . Will people continue to adhere to the faith ? Will the mosques continue to be a center of community life ? Will the holiday traditions simply pass away with an older generation ?
The high rates of interfaith marriage are a cause and an effect of lower attendance rates at mosques , Turk says . They say that of the roughly 750,000 Muslims living in Southern California , just 30,000 , or about 4 percent , regularly attend Friday prayer .
But few Muslim leaders I spoke with had thought about this trend 's long-term effects . Because the Jewish community has been wrestling with this issue for so long , some of its leaders were willing to speculate about the road that Muslims are headed down . Jonathan Sarna , a history professor at Brandeis University , has studied intermarriage of Jews and other religious groups . Although Muslims worldwide are in no way facing the kind of demographic decline that Jews are , they say that if American Muslims want to encourage Muslims to marry Muslims , they could create more opportunities for men and women to meet long before they 're considering marriage — be it at summer camps , youth groups and certain kinds of schools or colleges .
“ Throwing people together in intensive kinds of activities is so wonderful because on the one hand , people are making free choice , the ultimate American value , ” Sarna says , “ and on the other hand , people they can choose from conveniently all have the same faith background . ”
But there are less concrete ideas that Muslim leaders might consider , Sarna says . They think they need to explain to young people and their parents why they should marry among themselves : “ Even as we celebrate America for making the melting pot possible — and I at least celebrate the America that has allowed people of different races to marry — nevertheless they need to articulate a rhetoric that they want to preserve Islam in America . ”
And that can happen , they say , only “ if Muslims marry other Muslims . ”
outlook @ washpost.com
Naomi Schaefer Riley is the author of “ 'Til Faith Do Us Part : How Interfaith Marriage Is Transforming America . ”
Read more from Outlook , friend us on Facebook , and follow us on Twitter .
USA Today
Intradivision rivalries are few and far between in today 's NBA , but there may be hope yet for the revival of bad blood and vitriol if the Los Angeles Clippers and top-seeded Golden State Warriors wind up on a collision course come playoff time .
Between last season 's seven-game meeting in the first round , the Warriors ' rapid rise , Los Angeles ' talent pool and some compelling interpersonal rifts , a postseason redux would set the stage for an epic seven-game battle between the NBA 's top two offenses .
With the Warriors and Clippers ready to close out their season series ( Golden State leads 2-1 ) Tuesday night at 10:30 p.m . ET on TNT , the Pacific Division foes have a chance to lay groundwork for what would assuredly be an epic postseason clash .
`` It 's no secret : They do n't like us . We do n't like them , '' Warriors forward Draymond Green said , according to CSN Bay Area 's Monte Poole . `` And that 's not going to change . ''
Let 's get ready to rumble .
Offensive Firepower Galore
Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
Who says the pace of play needs to slow down come playoff time ? During the 2014 Western Conference quarterfinals , the Warriors and Clippers churned out more than 96 possessions per game , with offensive ratings of 110.5 and 115.1 , respectively .
This season , neither team has deviated from that trend .
The Clippers and Warriors rank first and second , respectively , in offensive efficiency , with Golden State pushing the pace at a league-best rate of 100.58 possessions per 48 minutes .
Tale of the Tape Team Offensive Rating League Rank Defensive Rating League Rank FG % League Rank 3P % League Rank Golden State Warriors 109.5 2 97.4 1 47.8 1 39.7 1 Los Angeles Clippers 109.6 1 103.0 18 47.3 2 37.5 3 NBA.com
Those rapturous offensive totals have been accumulated primarily through the team 's otherworldly starting lineups , which have jockeyed back and forth for top net-rating awards out West .
To be clear , the Clippers ' unit is comprised of Chris Paul , J.J. Redick , Matt Barnes , Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan , while the Warriors tout Stephen Curry , Klay Thompson , Harrison Barnes , Green and Andrew Bogut .
Golden State 's defense gives it the slightest of edges , but the disparity in offensive efficiency between the two groups is noteworthy—even if they 're both elite .
Consider it an analytical version of the `` unstoppable force meeting immovable object '' paradigm .
`` He Does n't Play ''
Noah Graham/Getty Images
What 's a rivalry without hatred ?
As Yahoo ! Sports ' Kelly Dwyer wrote , `` The Clippers and Warriors do n't like each other . Years into their rivalry , the two teams are now relying on a role player gone boffo and a longtime NBA instigator to keep things interesting . ''
In this case , the role player and instigator of note are Green and career journeyman Dahntay Jones .
Following the Warriors ' 106-98 win over the Clippers on March 8 , Jones hit Green with a sly bump on their way off the court that had Green looking ready to drop the gloves :
Green responded with some choice words for the 34-year-old following the win , per ESPN.com 's Ethan Sherwood Strauss :
The chippiness has extended beyond postgame pleasantries too , with technical fouls , flagrants and scuffles emerging as part of the status quo anytime the Clippers and Warriors meet .
It 's also unequivocally the league 's most high-stakes rivalry when players are conjuring up thoughts of a guillotine .
`` We want to take their heads off , and they want to take our heads off , '' Green said , per Poole . `` That 's just the way it is , so just roll with the punches . ''
Good luck finding another head-to-head clash producing that much violent imagery .
Curry , Paul and Griffin , Oh My
Rocky Widner/Getty Images
Every good rivalry needs to be backed up by star power , and this one packs it in spades .
And yes , Curry has Paul 's number for the time being after sending them flying with a slick pump fake that preceded a silky-smooth jump shot on March 8 :
Paul has been the more prolific scorer and passer when the two have shared the floor , but Curry owns the upper hand in the one metric that really matters at the end of the day : wins .
While a more traditional point guard label has been bestowed upon Paul over the years , Curry explained why that concept has become antiquated for floor generals of all shapes and sizes .
`` The game is advancing so much that you ca n't have any weakness , '' Curry said , according to the San Francisco Chronicle 's Rusty Simmons . `` That does n't mean that you have to go out and shoot every shot that you see , but you have to be able to put the ball in the basket when you 're playing the point guard position—knowing how spaced the floor is . ''
Each player has a signature style of swishing and dishing conducive to show-stopping moments , but it 's the staggering consistency at which they produce those moments that elevates the Warriors-Clippers rivalry to the next level .
Factor in Blake Griffin—the only player not named Russell Westbrook averaging at least 20 points , seven rebounds and five assists this season—the ever-bouncy DeAndre Jordan and the exceptional perimeter potency of Klay Thompson , and fireworks will never be few and far between .
Raising the Bar
Rocky Widner/Getty Images
Frankly , no other present NBA rivalry comes close to touching what the Warriors and Clippers have to offer .
Sure , fun narratives exist between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Miami Heat , Dallas Mavericks and Houston Rockets , and Memphis Grizzlies and Oklahoma City Thunder . But the high caliber of disdain L.A. and Golden State can offer in tandem with elite talent and execution thrusts it to the front of the pack and into a tier of their own .
And here 's the good news : This thing 's just getting started .
After both franchises endured decades littered with futility , the Warriors and Clippers are both firing on all cylinders in an attempt to one-up each other for left coast superiority .
With malevolence oozing out of both teams , expect the Pacific Division to be ruled by scorn for years to come .
All statistics are current as of March 30 and courtesy of Basketball-Reference.com and NBA.com , unless noted otherwise .
Rodney Stuckey , Luis Scola , Chris Copeland , C.J . Watson , Donald Sloan and Lavoy Allen are all set to be free agents this offseason . ( Photo : Star photo illustration )
When the Indiana Pacers held exit meetings after the season , the six players due to become free agents expressed a desire to return for the 2015-16 campaign , according to Larry Bird , the team 's president of basketball operations .
`` We 've got so much money to spend , it 's according to what they want , '' Bird said . `` Some guys told me they did n't care what they got . They wanted to get paid , but they wanted to be here , too . So that makes you feel good . ''
All six wanting to come back , even after a season in which Indiana struggled and missed the playoffs , speaks to the culture and foundation built by the Pacers . However , not everyone will return as Indiana tries to build a new identity next year .
Who stays ? Who 's on the fence ? And who should 've already broken their condo or apartment lease ? Let 's attempt to answer these questions by predicting the Pacers ' priorities once the free agent market opens July 1 .
Welcome back
RODNEY STUCKEY , G , will enter ninth season : Last summer , Stuckey signed with the Pacers for a one-year , minimum salary contract late in the free agency period . Whispers of being a malcontent had followed them to Indiana . Criticism about their poor shooting was even louder . Stuckey put to rest both perceptions by excelling in one of their best seasons as a professional .
Stuckey , who started 36 games but mostly shined as the Pacers ' sixth man , averaged 12.6 points and posted career-best statistics in field goal percentage ( .440 ) and 3-point shooting ( .390 ) . In addition to their enhanced accuracy , Stuckey proved to be more durable than expected . Though they missed 11 games with a variety of ailments , they often attempted to play hurt , and near the end of the season took a cortisone shot for their pained right wrist in order to play on .
Just before the All-Star break , Stuckey requested to come off the bench and sparked the reserves into becoming the third-highest scoring unit in the league ( 40.8 points per game ) . When examining how the market played out for other super subs ( Nick Young signed a four-year , $ 21.5 million deal last summer , and even then-32-year-old Jamal Crawford got a four-year , $ 25 million contract in 2012 ) , needless to say Stuckey will earn more than the vet 's minimum this summer .
According to USA Today , projections have the NBA salary cap swelling to $ 89 million in 2016-17 , then to a whooping $ 108 million in 2017-18 . However , Stuckey does not necessarily want another one-year deal to gamble on themselves before getting a piece of the Monopoly money that comes in 2016-17 . Stuckey , who plans to get married on July 17 , desires the security of a multi-year deal wrapped up before their nuptials . Just as important , Stuckey experienced enough losing during their seven years in Detroit and wants to be on a team that has a chance to contend for the title .
Just as they did last summer when they reworked their 3-point shot , Stuckey 's upcoming offseason plans include losing eight to nine pounds . Stuckey has a power , driving game but they want to play next season as a lighter and quicker version . This should sound like a soft melody in Bird 's ears , since they want the Pacers to play smaller and faster next year . The new style of play should benefit Stuckey , and Bird wants them back in the fold .
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
`` I think we can get Rodney done . I think it 's important for us to get them back here . But we 'll see what happens , '' Bird said . `` I know they liked it here . He 's a real professional . They do all of their work , he 's in here all the time . They lift after every game . We need guys like Rodney . They were a major plus for our franchise . ''
LAVOY ALLEN , F/C , fifth season : Injuries opened the door for Allen to get into the rotation at the start of the season when they played their best basketball . Through November as starting power forward David West healed from an ankle sprain , Allen provided frontcourt depth , averaging 22.6 minutes , 7.4 points and 8.1 rebounds . During that month , Indiana ranked third in the league in offensive rebounding , averaging 12.5 game while Allen worked to create second-chance opportunities by pulling down 3.4 offensive rebounds .
Allen showed that when given consistent minutes on the floor , they can grab rebounds at a high rate . However , as the months passed and the Pacers ' health improved , Allen 's minutes — and unsurprisingly , their production — dropped .
By February , Allen had become an afterthought in the rotation and appeared in only two games the whole month .
Allen , who also signed a one-year deal with the Pacers last summer , evaluated their season as one marked by inconsistency .
`` Up and down , '' Allen said . `` It was really all about staying ready . I had bad games , I had good ones . Sometimes I was there in it , sometimes I was n't . So , up and down . ''
Overall through the season , Allen played as the Pacers ' most accurate scorer around the basket by averaging 70.7 percent on field goals attempted from 0-3 feet from the rim . Looking forward , the 6-9 Allen would fit into the mold of the smaller , quicker big man the Pacers want for next season .
`` We want to play a controlled way , but we want to play a little smaller at times , '' Bird said . `` Like Lavoy Allen , if they come back , we 'd like to get them in there more . ''
Maybe , maybe not
LUIS SCOLA , F , ninth season : Scola , the oldest player on the roster , may still have a future in Indianapolis .
In their still to-be-determined plans to change the offensive style , the Pacers could use Scola more as a center . In fact , Scola plays that position every summer with their Argentina national team , and excels there . Last summer in the FIBA World Cup , Scola averaged 19.5 points and 8.5 rebounds while surrounded by shooters .
In spite of their pending 35th birthdays , Indiana could use Scola and West as a front-line unit to match up with smaller , floor-spacing teams .
Bird answered , `` I hope so , '' when asked if the team expects to re-sign Scola . However , following the Pacers ' final loss , Scola sounded a bit more careful about talking of the future .
`` We 'll see what happens . We did n't have our exit meeting yet . I 'm hoping to get some type of feedback there and some type of impression of what they want to do in the future and move on from there , '' Scola said Wednesday night .
When asked about their two years in Indiana , Scola responded : `` It was fun . It was fun to be here . It 's a good team , it 's a good organization . It was a great honor to play for Larry and we 'll see . It might be over , it might not . We 'll see in a couple of days . Like I said , I might have a little bit better impression of what their expectations are going into the future and we 'll play out the summer . ''
DONALD SLOAN , G , fifth season : When the Pacers ' point guards became a precious commodity , Sloan arose as the third-stringer turned season-opening starter . Sloan started the first 18 games and showed flashes that they could be more than just the backup 's backup . Their 31 points in a Nov. 5 loss to Washington stood as the highest scoring game from a Pacer for four months . However , Sloan was only a 36.9 percent shooter as a starter and certainly did not seem like a player Frank Vogel wanted to rely on . As soon as second-stringer C.J . Watson returned to health , Vogel dropped Sloan completely out of the rotation in favor of starting Watson and playing Stuckey as the backup point guard .
However – and this could be Sloan 's salvation – the Pacers want to play faster . And since the team liked Sloan 's pace and speed so much that they re-signed them a year ago , one could predict how their skill set could be useful for the 2015-16 Pacers .
Out the door
C.J . WATSON , G , ninth season : Watson performs as a serviceable backup point guard with career averages of 7.8 points on 42.5 percent shooting , but there 's a reason he 'll be looking for their fourth team in five years .
This season , Watson missed 24 games , including the final six , due to injuries . Watson endured several lingering issues , including their sore feet and finally their right elbow .
`` I ca n't shoot , so it 's a lot of pain , '' Watson said after the season . `` I ca n't even dribble or nothing like that . It 's hard to even play basketball to help anybody . I could n't get on the court to be effective . ''
Even last year , Watson missed 17 games through March and April with a hamstring issue . Due to Watson 's limited time on the court during important stretches of the season , Bird does not foresee re-signing him .
`` I do n't think so . I do n't think I 'll bring them back , '' Bird said . `` I like them as a kid and a player , but they have n't played much in the last 20 games each season . ''
CHRIS COPELAND , F , fourth season : Copeland looks like the kind of player who could thrive in the Pacers ' new system next season ; a 6-9 player who can stretch the floor should have a place somewhere in the rotation . However , that player wo n't likely be Copeland .
This season , second-year forward Solomon Hill got the starting nod over Copeland . Then , sharpshooting rookie Damjan Rudež replaced Copeland in the rotation .
From mid-January until April , Copeland earned only spot minutes in blowout games . Then on April 8 , Copeland 's season officially came to an end after they were stabbed outside of a New York nightclub . During their exit meeting , the Pacers shared few hints about whether they have plans to bring them back . So through the summer as Copeland recovers from their injuries , they will likely stay busy looking for another team .
The miscreants taking credit for knocking image board site 8chan offline , and earlier for taking down Sony 's and Microsoft 's gaming networks , operates an attack platform powered mostly by thousands of hacked home Internet routers , according to a published report .
The revelation , in an article posted Friday by KrebsOnSecurity , is the latest evidence documenting a big uptick in the hacking of Internet routers . Over the past 18 months , researchers have uncovered several other large-scale attacks on routing devices , including those made by Asus Linksys , and many other manufacturers . Routers are often ripe targets because users fail to change default passwords , and the devices often contain security vulnerabilities that can easily be exploited by attackers halfway around the globe .
Those compromising routers for financial gain appear to be members of the Lizard Squad , a group that operates an online attack service that promises to take down any site a paying customer has requested . KrebsOnSecurity namesake Brian Krebs cited security researchers assisting law enforcement officials investigating the group . The researchers asked to remain anonymous . According to Krebs , the for-hire denial-of-service service is powered by a network of compromised devices that mostly include home routers from around the world that are protected by little more than default usernames and passwords . Krebs wrote :
The botnet is not made entirely of home routers ; some of the infected hosts appear to be commercial routers at universities and companies , and there are undoubtedly other devices involved . The preponderance of routers represented in the botnet probably has to do with the way that the botnet spreads and scans for new potential hosts . But there is no reason the malware could n't spread to a wide range of devices powered by the Linux operating system , including desktop servers and Internet-connected cameras .
Once considered a novelty hack , router compromises are moving into the mainstream—and for good reason . It 's much harder to compromise Windows-based computers now than it was five or 10 years ago . For DDoS campaigns and some other online criminal ventures , router hacks work just as well and are much easier to carry out on a mass scale . Readers are reminded to take a few minutes periodically to review the settings of routers and other Internet-connected devices . In addition to replacing default credentials with strong passwords , users should disable remote administrative capabilities unless they are truly needed . It 's also a good idea to review the firmware version powering routers and check to see if there 's a security update available .
Wei `` GODV '' Lian will once again play AD Carry for LGD Gaming at the Demacia Cup in Beijing this weekend as a result of persistent conflicts with Gu `` imp '' Seung-bin 's visa , the team announced on weibo . Mid lane substitute , Chen `` Yeluo '' Libin will fill the role vacated by GODV .
Additionally , Zhu `` TBQ '' Yongquan , the team 's starting jungler , will not be traveling with the team for the event due to a family emergency . They will be replaced by LGD 's new rotating jungler , Wei `` xiaoxi '' Lisheng .
In the Demacia Cup Round of 16 against Qiao Gu , LGD Gaming started with a roster of Yeluo in the mid lane and GODV at AD Carry . After one win and one loss , imp arrived to take GODV 's place in the AD Carry position as GODV returned to the mid lane . Casters revealed that imp had been at the visa office discussing issues regarding their renewal grace period .
imp currently resides within the LGD Gaming house in Shanghai , but it seems additional concerns may restrict their ability to travel with the team to Beijing until they are resolved . As a result , GODV has been practicing AD Carry almost exclusively in solo queue .
xiaoxi previously played one game for LGD against Royal Never Give Up in the LPL . While TBQ tends to their emergency , spectators will have a chance to better assess the skills of the rookie jungler .
Demacia Cup starts this Friday at 1 a.m. EDT at lol.qq.com/demacia . LGD 's first best-of-five seies is against OMG .
Kelsey Moser is a staff writer for theScore eSports . You can follow them on Twitter .
Sōkaiya ( 総会屋 , sōkaiya ) ( sometimes also translated as corporate bouncers , meeting-men , or corporate blackmailers ) are specialized racketeers unique to Japan , and often associated with the yakuza , who extort money from or blackmail companies by threatening to publicly humiliate companies and their management , usually in their annual meeting ( 総会 , sōkai ) .
Conversely , if they are paid , they will work to prevent others from embarrassing the company , either through intimidation or by disrupting the meeting so they can not be heard .
History [ edit ]
Sōkaiya originate from the late 19th century . At this time , the unlimited liability of the management put the managers ' personal fortune at risk in case of rumors and scandals . Hence the management hired protection , called sōkaiya , to reduce the risk of such rumors . Even after the Japanese laws included a limited liability , hence reducing the personal risk to the managers , these sōkaiya continued to prosper , and were often used to quiet down otherwise difficult meetings . In that respect , they have even been compared to corporate lawyers in America . [ 1 ]
In 1984 , the law made first steps to reduce the threat from sōkaiya by establishing a minimum number of holdings ( ¥50,000 ) in order to be allowed into the shareholder meeting , leading to a slow decline of the number of sōkaiya . In response to this , the sōkaiya formed fake uyoku dantai , announcing embarrassing company secrets , fictional or not , from loudspeakers mounted on trucks in order to extort money from companies . [ 1 ]
In 1994 , Juntarō Suzuki , vice president of Fujifilm , was murdered by sōkaiya after they stopped paying these bribes . [ 2 ]
Activities [ edit ]
Disrupting shareholder meetings [ edit ]
Individuals acquire enough stock from multiple companies in order to gain entrance to a shareholders ' meeting . There , they disrupt the meeting ( and embarrass the company ) until their demands are met . For this , the sōkaiya often research the company in detail beforehand to uncover incidents of misconduct or other company secrets , and then blackmail the management so that these issues are not raised in the shareholder meeting or elsewhere . Often , they also invent fictional issues that the company would have a difficult time disproving .
Modern sōkaiya have developed other , similar methods to accomplish their goals . One less subtle example is the banzai sōkaiya , who disrupt business places with their cries of `` Banzai ! '' and praise of the Emperor until they are quietly paid to leave .
Other disruption [ edit ]
Sōkaiya also form fake groups , announcing embarrassing company secrets , fictional or not , from loudspeakers mounted on trucks in order to extort money from companies . [ 1 ] They may also print special newspapers with topics embarrassing to companies , and then ask the company to buy the entire print at inflated prices , or even to subscribe to these newspapers , generating a steady flow of cash .
Preventing disruption of shareholder meetings [ edit ]
Sōkaiya have also been used by companies to drown out questions from legitimate shareholders which company officials do not want presented . One infamous case is related to Minamata disease ( mercury poisoning ) , where the Chisso chemicals company managed to close a number of annual meetings within minutes even though hundreds of protesters wanted to voice their anger . They have also been active against anti-war protesters and other people who may be viewed as a nuisance by the company at a particular time .
Countermeasures [ edit ]
Article 968 of the Japanese corporations code prohibits sōkaiya activity , imposing imprisonment of no more than five years or a fine of no more than ¥5 million for `` receiving , demanding or promising a proprietary benefit with regard to '' statements or the exercise of voting rights at a shareholder or creditor meeting .
A practical countermeasure used by large corporations is to hold all shareholder meetings on the same day , so sōkaiya can not disrupt all of them . [ 3 ]
Background [ edit ]
While in the west a shareholders ' meeting is usually an earnest discussion between the shareholders and the management , in Japan it is often more of a ceremony , and the management does not feel the need to truly inform shareholders . [ 4 ] In this atmosphere , the sōkaiya are able to prosper . However , with the trend for more deregulation in the Japanese market the business environment for sōkaiya is getting more and more difficult .
Companies that have bribed sōkaiya [ edit ]
Major companies that have been found guilty of employing sōkaiya include but are not limited to :
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
November 03 , 2016
Reward Clinton 's Hawkishness Because Trump 's Foreign Policy Is Uncertain ?
For me , as a non U.S. person , the major issues of the U.S. presidential elections is always foreign policy . There Trump is not hawkish at all . They have somewhat confused , unlearned blustering positions on foreign policy but is basically a cautious , risk averse business person . They consistently criticize the war mongering in Washington DC . Hillary Clinton is a run-of-the-mill warmongering neoconservative compatible with the imperial `` mainstream '' of the power centers in Washington and elsewhere .
Trump has called up this contrast again and again ( as do I ) . In a speech ( vid at 53:20 min ) in Grand Rapids Michigan on October 31 they again highlight these points . Some excerpts ( taken from this partial transcript part 9 , 10 ) :
Hillary led us to disaster in Iraq , in Syria , in Libya . ... Hillary and our failed Washington establishment have spent $ 6 trillion on wars in the Middle East , and now it 's worse than it 's ever been before . Had Obama and others gone to the beach , Obama could have gone to the golf course , we would have been in much better shape . We should n't have gone into the war , and they think I 'm a hawk . Oh , Donald Trump .
...
Imagine if some of the money had been spent , $ 6 trillion in the Middle East , on building new schools and roads and bridges right here in Michigan . Now Hillary , trapped in their Washington bubble , that 's blind to the lessons , wants to start a shooting war in Syria in conflict with a nuclear armed Russia that could drag us into a World War III . Okay , folks . They – I 'll tell you what . They will get us into World War III . They will get us into World War III . I will tell you that . She 's incompetent . They will get us into World War III . The arrogant political class never learns . They keep repeating the same mistakes over and over again . They keep telling the same lies . They keep producing the same failed results .
Trump may well be lying when they say they do not seek a conflict with Russia or anyone else . Trump surely lies on other issues . But those are mostly rather obvious lies and some are even a bit comical . They are playing Reagan on economic issues , promising tax cuts that can not be financed ( and which Reagan had to take back in the end when they introduced the biggest tax hike ever ) . On many issues we do not know what Trump is really planning to do ( or if they plan at all ) . But they have never given the impression that they are hawkish or willing to incite a war .
Clinton on the other hand has a proven record of being a proactive hawk . They are willing to go to war and to kill people because the U.S. can .
bigger
They are a political animal totally dependent on their sponsors . Economically they are pro-banks , pro-big-business and for further deregulation . A neoliberal . The only `` liberal '' standpoints they have been on some hyped identity issues relevant only for a very tiny group of people like transgenders . They told their real voters , the people who pay her , that their public standpoint on many issues is different from the one they will pursue . They did not mean that what they will pursue will be less hawkish than their public stand , or that they will be more progressive on economic issues than they openly claim .
Clinton assures us that Trump is Putin 's puppet who will start a nuclear World War III with Russia . They do n't say how that computes . Will Putin order Trump to give them asylum in Washington while Moscow and Washington get nuked ?
With Trump the U.S. would get a president who is a pretty unknown factor but , in my judgment , a less dangerous one to the U.S. and the world than Clinton . With them the next useless and deadly wars are practically guaranteed .
Micah Zenko , who 's opinion I value , agrees with my diagnosis , Trump is less hawkish , but has a different judgement :
When it comes to foreign policy , Trump 's own positions make them the most immoral , poorly informed , and dangerous presidential candidate in recent American history . If Clinton is elected , there will undoubtedly be troubling foreign-policy positions and actions which must be thoroughly questioned and scrutinized . I just deeply hope that citizens have the opportunity to hold a President Hillary Clinton to account .
The citizens of the United States now have an opportunity to hold Secretary of State Clinton to account for them `` We came , we saw , they died '' war on Libya and for escalating the war on Syria . The militaristic ( and failed ) pivot to Asia , the `` regime changes '' putsches in Honduras and Ukraine and the deterioration of relations with Russia are also to a large part their work . Should the voters reward them for all the death , misery and new dangers they created as Secretary of State by making them President ?
Who would I vote for ? Not Hillary . Not for Trump either . Some third party candidate - probably Stein of the Green Party . It would be a `` useless and wasted '' vote in the short term though such votes have some light influence on the programs of the big parties . In the long term the example of voting third parties will hopefully induce more people to do the same . If it becomes a more common , regular thing to do it might over time break the duopoly of today 's consensus in Washington . It is a small chance , but possibly a big long-term reward .
Posted by b on November 3 , 2016 at 03:22 PM | Permalink
Comments
next page »
This is the last day of the Steam Summer Sale and Linux users have a final chance to get their favorites games at a discount price .
The main frontpage of the Steam for Linux client is rather small and only a handful of games has been included .
Most of the other titles did n't get a chance to show off their discounts , so here it is a complete list of games that have slashed prices and Linux support .
Keep in mind that this is not a complete list . There are some games with Linux support that have n't been launched on Steam for Linux yet , or that are still in the Beta stages . Only the games officially featured on Steam have been included .
List of Linux native games on Steam
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
For many years :
Virtually every country in the world has condemned Israel 's settlements in the West Bank .
They have all repeatedly voted to say so in the UN .
The US has also opposed Israel 's settlements , but has n't officially said so in the UN .
And Israel has said very clearly that the UN is virulently anti-Israel ( true ) and they pay it no mind .
A few days ago one small part of this formula finally changed when the US abstained from a UN vote condemning Israel 's settlements on the West Bank . It was a parting blow from a lame-duck president who has been treated appallingly by Bibi Netanyahu , and the only surprising thing about it is that President Obama managed to hold their temper this long .
In any case , it 's entirely meaningless : Donald Trump will take office soon and Netanyahu claims to consider the UN illegitimate on this subject anyway . So why has everyone gone ballistic over it ? Sure , there 's now an “ official ” UN resolution condemning the West Bank settlements , but what difference does that make ? An “ official ” UN resolution is barely worth the minute or two it takes to read it . Even as a PR coup it does n't amount to much .
The whole Israel charade long ago ceased to interest me . I can hardly pretend to be any kind of expert , but my take is that the last chance for any kind of peace deal ended in the 90s . The huge influx of conservative Jews from Russia after the fall of the Iron Curtain , followed by the Second Intifada , turned Israel permanently against any kind of settlement with the Palestinians .
Because of this , I never blamed George Bush for not trying to broker a peace deal and never blamed Obama for not succeeding . Even people who are sympathetic toward Obama often say that they handled the Middle East badly—and the Israel relationship particularly badly—but I simply do n't see how they could have done any better . Netanyahu treated them with unconcealed contempt ; was unapologetic about publicly undermining him ; decided to ditch bipartisanship and openly team up with the Republican Party ; and very plainly was never open to any kind of settlement at all . There is absolutely nothing Obama could have done to change that .
In any case , the following things are indisputably true :
Israeli leaders will never * stop building in the West Bank . It would be electoral suicide .
Israeli leaders will never give up the West Bank . It would be electoral suicide .
Israeli leaders will never formally annex the West Bank . It would be electoral suicide .
In other words , nothing is going to happen . Period . Israel is going to keep things as they are , fight off world opinion forever , and hope that maybe over the course of several decades they can slowly get all the Palestinians in the West Bank to emigrate elsewhere . It 's sort of like Mitt Romney 's “ self-deportation ” on steroids .
And just in case you think this puts me on the side of the Arabs and Palestinians , forget it . To the extent that I stay even marginally on Israel 's side , it 's because the Arabs have acted even more abominably . They tried to invade Israel twice . They never cared a fig for the Palestinians except as a convenient poster child . ( Jordan must have been the first country in history to lose territory in a war and be happy about it . ) They never accepted Israel as legitimate , but for decades they 've tacitly tolerated its existence because it gives them an easy way of stirring up demagogic hatreds that help prop up their own vicious regimes . The PLO was a murderous terrorist organization , and Hamas is worse . The intifadas were depraved and ruinous . And despite the fact that the Palestinians were clearly on the losing end of a war and needed to accept the best deal they could get , they remained delusional to the end . I 've never bought into the revisionist history that Bill Clinton 's Wye River/Camp David/Taba negotiations were unfair to the Palestinians and Yasser Arafat was right to turn down the final proposal . They needed to accept it , and they probably knew it . They were just too cowardly to do it and too convinced that their own leadership was dependent on opposition to Israel .
Even in theory , there is literally no settlement that either the Israelis or the Palestinians would accept right now . This is n't necessarily true forever , but it will be true for a good long time . We should all stop wasting our time on the fantasy that peace talks have any value .
* All uses of never in this post are figurative . Never is a long time . But in this case , it means many decades at a minimum .
Hands Off Myanmar ! Western Powers Create and Fuel Chaos in Asia
15-09-17 – We were told there were “ rebels ” in Libya – but they turned out to be Al Qaeda . We were then told there were “ rebels ” in Syria – but they turned out to be ISIS . If we were now to believe that there are “ rebels ” in the Rakhine state of Myanmar , we would have very short memories indeed . And , as if on cue , Al Qaeda has now chipped in , declaring that any deaths of Rohingya Muslims will be avenged , and that the government of Myanmar will be punished . [ 1 ] The horrific imperialist game of regime change appears to be on again .
If you are thinking that all this is just a little too convenient , you are not alone . No sooner is the US Empire facing a serious defeat in Syria , it turns its attention to other countries and regions , where it has been working away behind the scenes for decades , undermining and white-anting any country perceived to be independent of them , or , worse still , engaging Red China to assist them with their trade and development . Any of the Asian nations that have the temerity to consider China a partner rather than the US , sooner or later will find chaos erupting within their borders , if not an open hybrid “ humanitarian ” war . The current situation in Myanmar , despite all of its unique history , is yet another case .
Aung San Suu Kyi/NLD a product of Western funding
Unlike in Syria , where the Syrian government was regarded by the US as an opponent going back to the 1950s , the National League for Democracy ( NLD ) government led by Aung Sung Suu Kyi was a product of US and UK backed NGOs over some decades . The “ Land Destroyer ” blog site reveals that the US and UK have spent tens of millions of dollars creating the NLD/Suu Kyi led government in Myanmar , filtered through liberal para-state “ civil society ” organisations . The notoriously misnamed “ National Endowment for Democracy ” ( NED ) is in on the act , as is the infamous Open Society Institute ( OSI ) of colour revolution specialist and billionaire financier George Soros . The US funded broadcaster Voice of America ( VOA ) beams in disguised pro-Western propaganda three times a day , while the Orwellian named Radio Free Asia ( RFA ) pumps Myanmar with pro-capitalist missives through a two hour “ news service ” every day . [ 2 ] The “ Burma ( the previous name of Myanmar ) Campaign UK ” group openly chastise the UK 's Department for International Development ( DFID ) for a lack of funding and backing for “ democracy promotion ” . [ 3 ] It would be funny if it was n't so serious . By “ democracy ” these apologists for US/British imperialism mean a government which will do the bidding of Washington and London , rather than exerting any shred of independence from them .
As recently as 2012 , Aung San Suu Kyi was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal , the highest civilian honour the US Congress can award . [ 4 ] To give you an idea of just how comfortable Aung San Suu Kyi was with the inner sanctum of the US Empire , they welcomed a visit from Hilary “ Destroyer of Worlds ” Clinton in 2015 , at the peak of their powers before later being defeated by Trump in 2016 . [ 5 ] So if Suu Kyi was the apple of the eye of Uncle Sam as little as a year ago , why are they now targeted by the Empire 's vassal NGOs , and is being asked to hand back their Nobel Peace Prize ?
Attempts to disrupt the New Silk Road
In a word , the New Silk Road . The New Silk Road , or One Belt One Road initiative led by the People 's Republic of China , is an infrastructure and economic growth building plan , reported to be seven times larger than the US sponsored Marshall Plan for Europe after the destruction of the Second World War . 1.3 trillion dollars of projects have been announced so far , with more to come . Amongst other things , it seeks to link China 's western provinces to South East Asia , Africa , Central Asia and Europe , reviving the Silk Road trade routes of ancient times [ 6 ] , but using China 's well renowned modern state owned railway and port projects . Aung San Suu Kyi was one of the 29 world leaders who attended the launch of the mega- project in Beijing in May of this year , [ 7 ] signing up Myanmar as a founding member . This appears to have been the final straw for the Wall Street . Already reeling from the rise of China , losing influence amongst South East Asia to socialist China was too much to take . As little as a few months later , a crisis emerges for the Rohingya people of the Rakhine state in Myanmar .
To be sure , the history of tensions between the Muslim people of the coastal Rakhine state in Myanmar and the majority Buddhist population goes back some years before the launch of the New Silk Road . But now outside forces , who bear no relation to the Rohingyas themselves , have an opportunity to sow chaos and disorder , which at the least , can disrupt the greater economic ties between Myanmar and China . At most , it could provide a beachhead for the entry of US troops , or their proxy forces , in yet another “ humanitarian war ” . This beachhead could then be a part of the real aim of the US “ pivot to Asia ” – the military encirclement of Red China ; which is the 21st century version of “ containing and rolling back communism ” .
Working people need to be clear . China overturned capitalism via its victorious socialist revolution in 1949 . Therefore , the Chinese economy today does not operate primarily on the basis of production for private profit . Its expanding foreign investments do not take place in order to maximise profit , but in order to secure resources for its own economic development . As a quid-pro-quo , China 's non-exploitative development projects in other countries also offer the opportunity for much need economic growth , especially in the Third World . This is because roads , ports , railways etc . – inevitably lead to increased commerce . In fact , some of the First World economies can also benefit from these projects , given that they are in a dire capitalist fuelled recession of their own . Thus , despite ties to the US , the Australian government felt compelled to send a delegation to Beijing for the launch of the New Silk Road . The comparison is stark – socialist China offers Asian , African and European countries opportunities for mutually beneficial development ; while the US Empire offers nothing but plunder and war . And if it looks like you are a friendly neighbour to China – as Myanmar is – be prepared for chaos to be unleashed .
Rohingya “ Army ” appears
The history of the tensions of the Rohingyas and the Buddhists in Myanmar requires a separate study , and certainly does predate China 's New Silk Road mega-projects . Yet it is extremely suspicious when the so-called Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army ( ARSA ) makes a spectre-like appearance , armed to the hilt , and then begins armed attacks on the Tatmadaw – the armed forces of Myanmar . Suspicions are confirmed when it becomes known that ARSA – formerly known as Harakat al Yaqin ( HaY ) – is being funnelled cash and weapons from Malaysia , Pakistan and .. wait for it…Saudi Arabia . The Rohingya diaspora has led to large Rohingya populations being established in Malaysia and Pakistan , and the ARSA even has a leadership council based in Saudi Arabia . [ 8 ] With US state support , Saudi Arabia was one of the strongest backers of the genocidal Wahabist “ rebels ” in Syria , which at great cost were defeated by the Syrian government with the assistance of Russia . Now in Myanmar , we see the same playbook being rolled out again . Yet , as in Syria , the Saudi armed Rohingyan “ rebels ” no more represent the Rohingyan people , or Muslims , any more than Al Qaeda and ISIS “ represented ” Muslims in Syria .
Nor does the “ Buddhist Bin Laden ” , monk Ashin Wirathu , leader of the ultra-nationalist 969 groups in Myanmar represent all Buddhists . The 969 group are said to have been behind a wave of sectarian anti-Muslim riots which have killed scores since 2012 . [ 9 ] More than this , these “ monks ” were the most active in organising vigorous protests against the Myanmar government 's move to give hundreds of thousands of stateless Rohingyas citizenship . These protagonists of the “ Saffron Revolution ” are in fact ultra-violent , bigoted and racist in a way which would rival the Ku Klux Klan in the US . [ 10 ] Yet this is part of the support base for Aung San Suu Kyi , and are thus presented to unsuspecting Westerners as liberal pro-democracy activists ! Once again , the Western media and Western funded NGOs have covered for the real aims of the US Empire – the installation of a subservient pro-Western government , regardless of who their domestic allies may be . Whether the allies be ultra-violent Buddhist nationalists in Myanmar , Nazis and fascists in Ukraine , ISIS in Syria and the Philippines , or Al Qaeda arming the Rohingyas – the corporate media will portray them as “ rebels ” or their actions as a “ democratic uprising ” !
Left parties take the bait
Unfortunately , some Australian left parties appear to have repeated their error-ridden actions from the wars on Libya and Syria , where they backed “ rebels ” even when it became clear that the “ rebels ” were in fact genocidal Al Qaeda linked mercenaries . Already the Al Qaeda link to the Rohingya “ rebels ” has emerged in Myanmar , but this seems to have been overlooked by the Socialist Alliance [ 11 ] , Socialist Alternative [ 12 ] , and Solidarity [ 13 ] . There are some indications that the Communist Party of Australia , which at best offered only lukewarm opposition to the US led wars on Libya and Syria , have followed suit . [ 14 ] Despite their anti-war credos , these organisations are lining up with the decidedly pro-war NGOs in Myanmar , as they did in Libya and Syria . The lessons have n't been learnt . The whole raison d'etre for these para-state NGOs ( Human Rights Watch , Amnesty International ) is not to advocate “ human rights ” and “ democracy ” , but the very aims of the US Empire itself . In the case of Myanmar , it is currently about creating chaos in the Rakhine state , fostering armed extremism ( yet again ) , disrupting China 's New Silk Road , bringing Aung San Suu Kyi and the Myanmar government to heel , and extending and consolidating the military encirclement of Red China . Chaos and war on China 's southern flank can only benefit Wall Street , and , combined with the provocations in the South China Sea , the threat of nuclear war against the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) , the backing of anti-socialist jihadists in Xinjiang , the Lamas in Tibet and the never-ending war on Afghanistan , the picture comes into sharp relief .
For an anti-imperialist anti-war movement
Workers desperately need an anti-imperialist anti-war movement , to lead a struggle against the endless machinations and regime change wars being prepared against China and Russia , and any country that even has thoughts of independence from the US Empire . In the case of Myanmar today , while not offering political support to the NLD government or its supporters , working people should defend the right of Myanmar to determine its own affairs without interference from US state and para-state actors , up to and including the right to complete trade and investment opportunities with China . After all , China is a next door neighbour . Without Western meddling , it is likely that the 135 ethnic minorities which make up Myanmar would co-exist , as they did for decades previously . Despite the grim scenarios , we should be confident that the overwhelming majority of working people here and internationally are opposed to a world war , and would be prepared to take action to prevent it . What is currently absent is the leadership of a workers vanguard party . Such a party could lead working people in a struggle to eliminate the source of imperialist war – the decaying capitalist system – by fighting for a workers ' republic , linking with the vast proletariat in Asia to aim for an internationally planned economy . HANDS OFF MYANMAR !
WORKERS LEAGUE
PO Box 66 NUNDAH QLD 4012
E : workersleague @ redfireonline.com
www.redfireonline.com
[ 1 ] http : //www.abc.net.au/news/2017-09-14/al-qaeda-urges-muslims-globally-to-aid-rohingya-in-myanmar/8946390 ( 15-09-17 )
[ 2 ] http : //landdestroyer.blogspot.com.au/2017/09/myanmar-gasoline-and-fire-not-good-vs.html ( 16-09-17 )
[ 3 ] http : //burmacampaign.org.uk/images/uploads/DFIDReview.pdf ( 16-09-17 )
[ 4 ] https : //www.theguardian.com/world/2012/sep/20/aung-san-suu-kyi-medal ( 16-09-17 )
[ 5 ] http : //www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/icons-bid-for-power-aung-suu-kyi-and-hillary-clinton-are-facing-a-huge-task-10185813.html ( 16-09-17 )
[ 6 ] http : //www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2017/05/16/chinas-one-belt-one-road-plan-explained ( 16-09-17 )
[ 7 ] http : //www.globalnewlightofmyanmar.com/daw-aung-san-suu-kyi-arrives-in-beijing-to-attend-belt-and-road-forum-for-international-cooperation/ ( 16-09-17 )
[ 8 ] http : //www.atimes.com/article/foreign-support-gives-rohingya-militants-lethal-edge/ ( 17-09-17 )
[ 9 ] http : //www.latimes.com/world/asia/la-fg-ff-myanmar-monk-20150524-story.html ( 17-09-17 )
[ 10 ] https : //journal-neo.org/2015/03/05/myanmar-meet-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-saffron-mobs/ ( 17-09-17 )
[ 11 ] https : //www.greenleft.org.au/content/myanmar-all-out-war-rohingya ( 17-09-17 )
[ 12 ] https : //redflag.org.au/node/6014 ( 17-09-17 )
[ 13 ] https : //www.solidarity.net.au/mag/back/2017/99/new-evidence-ethnic-cleansing-rohingya-burma/ ( 17-09-17 )
[ 14 ] http : //www.cpa.org.au/guardian/2017/1793/18-region-briefs.html ( 17-09-17 )
When I recently visited Sayaka Osakabe at their sunny apartment in the quiet suburbs of Kawasaki , Japan , they spoke at length about their plans to transform Japanese society .
Osakabe , 37 , has become something of a national symbol of women 's rights , leading a highly publicized campaign against “ matahara , ” a term they have turned into a buzzword for pregnancy discrimination . Two years ago , as a contract editor for a quarterly newsletter in Japan , Osakabe says they were taking time off in the middle of a trying pregnancy when their boss knocked on their front door and asked them to resign . ( Her absence , they recall them saying , had “ caused trouble. ” ) They returned to work soon after , only to suffer a miscarriage . Following their recovery , they say , their boss asked them if they were still having sex .
Although Japanese law forbids this type of harassment , Osakabe 's story is strikingly common . According to a recent report by the human resources company Recruit , a majority of Japanese women quit their jobs after having a child . And that reality has exacted a heavy toll on diversity in the top echelons of corporate Japan : whereas women occupy 14 percent of executive posts in the United States , they hold only 1.1 percent of comparable positions in Japan .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , as part of their larger effort to revitalize a stagnant Japanese economy , has responded to the problem with a set of policies known as Womenomics . The government has pledged , for example , to ensure that all parents can access childcare . ( Currently , more than 20,000 Japanese children are on waiting lists for a place in nursery school . ) It has also aimed to boost women in leadership positions from ten percent to 30 percent by 2020 , is debating tax incentives that would encourage women to work full-time , and is planning to allow more foreign laborers into the country to work as housekeepers .
Tokyo is taking its time , however , and so individuals have begun to take matters into their own hands—a rare sight in consensus-minded
Businessman Herman Cain walked into tonight 's CNN Republican Presidential debate as one of the two front-runners , they hobbled out bloodied and fighting for air .
In the first 10 minutes of the debate , all six other candidates ganged up on Cain over their 9-9-9 plan , criticizing it as an overly-simplistic response to a complicated problem that would result in a tax increase for many Americans .
`` Herman , I love you brother , but let me tell you something — you do n't have to have a big analysis to figure this thing out , '' Texas Gov . Rick Perry said . Go to New Hampshire where they do n't have a sale tax and you 're fixing to give them one . They 're not interested in 9-9-9 . ''
Mitt Romney , who ties Cain in national polls , turned around Cain 's claim that state taxes and the 9-9-9 plan are `` apples and oranges , '' drawing cheers when they said `` I 'm going to get a bushel basket that has apples and oranges in it because I 'm going to pay both taxes , and the people in Nevada do n't want to pay both taxes . ''
Cain flailed under the pressure , with their only defense that their opponents ' — and independent analysts — got their facts wrong , and directed people to their website for their campaign 's analysis .
They also faced criticism for saying they would trade all of the U.S. government 's prisoners at Guantanamo Bay for the life of one U.S. solider — before walking it back later , saying they `` spoke in error — I would never negotiate with terrorists . ''
It was not Cain 's first foreign policy slip-up this week , after they admitted on Meet the Press that they are unfamiliar with the neo-conservative movement .
Cain was the anti-Romney candidate going into this debate , but it appears Texas Gov . Rick Perry is poised to retake that position at the expense of Cain . Tuesday night 's debate proved once and for all that the Cain honeymoon is over — and they seemed unable to withstand the scrutiny given to a top-tier candidate .
For Cain , it 's all downhill from here .
Watch Cain struggle to defend their 9-9-9 plan :
Dan Lewis runs the wildly popular daily newsletter Now I Know ( “ Learn Something New Every Day , By Email ” ) . To subscribe to their daily email , click here ..
Every once in a while — less often than a few years ago — you 'll open a bag of potato chips and see one which is n't like the others . It 's green-ish , especially around the edges . It is safe to eat , though it is poisonous . Confused ? Read on !
Potatoes grow underground and are shielded from sunlight — usually . Sometimes , parts emerge above ground , and those sections turn green as chlorophyll develops . And for this to happen , the light need not be natural light . Most green potatoes do n't make it to the stores — be it in the produce section or in crinkly foil bags — for a variety of reasons , but really , who wants to eat a green potato ?
That said , on occasion , a green-tinted potato may find its way into a potato chip factory and , eventually , a slice thereof may sneak into a bag of chips . ( It 's less and less likely though , due to advances in technology . Here 's a video showing how potato chips are made in a large factory setting ; if you fast-forward to about 2:50 , you 'll hear about the cameras used to identify and reject flawed chips . )
Chlorophyll is non-toxic and harmless , but , as mental_floss points out ,
in the process of a potato going green … conditions are right for it to synthesize more of a glycoalkaloid ( alkaloid + sugar ) poison called solanine , which potato plants produce in their leaves , stems , sprouts and flesh as a defense against insects and other predators .
Solanine is not just bad for insects , in large enough amounts , it is really bad for you — it can cause “ vomiting , diarrhea , headaches , and even paralysis of the central nervous system , ” per Snopes . In the most extreme case , it can even cause death .
But do n't worry too much . One would have to eat about 10-20 or so green potatoes in a day to fall ill. A medium-sized potato yields about 36 chips , per the video linked to above ; it 's safe to say that if you ate 360-720 potato chips in a day , you 're going to get somewhat sick , even if the chips are n't of the green variety . And , of course , unless you purposefully made them yourself , you 're not going to encounter that many green potato chips perhaps even in your lifetime , let alone in a single day . So if you come across an occasional green chip , odds are you 're fine eating it .
On the other hand , do n't eat the green sprouts or leaves from the potatoes themselves , as they have very high levels of solanine . As the Straight Dope recounted – a story which is likely apocryphal , but regardless , demonstrative — “ during World War II some refugees broke into an abandoned house and found a quantity of old sprouted potatoes in the basement . The potatoes themselves were too dried out to eat , so the refugees made a stew out of the sprouts — and got incredibly sick as a result . ”
So , for perhaps the only time ever , this is one case where a vegetable 's fried yellow chips are better for you than its green leaves .
If you liked this article , you might also enjoy our new popular podcast , The BrainFood Show ( iTunes , Spotify , Google Play Music , Feed ) , as well as :
Bonus Facts :
Ever wonder why , when you open a bag of chips , there 's all that empty space where extra chips could be ? They do n't do that to rob you of snack food . Rather , the extra space is there to make your snacks taste better . As About.com explains , the space is n't air like the air we breathe — there 's no oxygen in it . Chips exposed to oxygen will start to spoil , so instead , food packagers inject nitrogen into the bag , allowing the chips to bounce around freely without breaking and yet , not causing spoilage .
In case you 're curious , dark brown potato chips are not caused by overcooking the chip , but rather are caused by the potatoes being stored at cold temperatures for an extended amount of time ( too long in this case ) . Normally the potatoes have a certain amount of sugar present that when cooked , with the aid of some amino acids , gives the chips the somewhat standard yellow tinge . However , when the potatoes are stored at cold temperatures too long , more sugar is built up , resulting in the chip turning dark brown when cooked , sometimes so much so that it almost appears burnt .
The XYZPrinting Da Vinci is certainly a very interesting new printer at a very reasonable USD 499 retail price .
It comes delivered with a mere 300g Filament cartridge , which is not exactly a lot of material to print with . The filament delivered with the printer has quite some diameter inaccuracies , which do show on the surface of printed models as small blobs .
Our intent was to use our own ExcelFil ABS with this printer . However , the Filament cartridge is electronically protected and communicates with the printer to let it know the remaining filament left on the spool .
Given that we are planning to add this printer to the range of printers we test our ExcelFil filament with , I took a closer look at the mechanisms behind these electronics .
After opening the cartridge , one can find a small PCB at the bottom of it . It has three connectors that are used to communicate with the printer itself . A closer inspection of that tiny PCB shows a Microchip 11LC010 1K EEPROM at its heart . This EEPROM has a memory capacity of 128 bytes which stores the information about the filament cartridge .
The three connectors are as following ( left to right on the picture above ) :
1 = GND 2 = SCIO 3 = VCC < /pre >
The SCIO pin runs a UNI/O protocol and the chip is controlled via a 8 bit instruction register .
I created a small Arduino Sketch that resets the counter to 999m available . GND ( 1 ) and VCC ( 3 ) on the Da Vinci Filament EEPROM connect to GND and +5V on the Arduino and the SCIO ( 2 ) connects to Digital Out Pin 7 on the Arduino . The sketch is running the UNI/O protocol to read and write the EEPROM contents .
Here are the contents of the EEPROM . You can see at byte offset 53 a 4 Byte long HEX value in little endian format ( Thanks BXZ for pointing it out ! ) which reflects the remaining filament length that is communicated to the printer . This is not a literal value and somehow is “ mangled ” . However setting this value to 0x3f420f00 restores the filament counter to 999m left .
00 : 5A41570000343141C0D40100C0D40100 ZAW .. 41A…… ..
10 : D2005A00544847423031313500000000 .. Z.THGB0115… .
20 : 000000003400000001010101AA55AA55 ….4…… .. U.U
30 : 883355AA3F420f00D04407202FAE0A00 .3U……D . /…
40 : 5A41570000343141C0D40100C0D40100 ZAW .. 41A…… ..
50 : D2005A00544847423031313500000000 .. Z.THGB0115… .
60 : 000000003400000001010101AA55AA55 ….4…… .. U.U
70 : 883355AAC0D40100AA55AA5507830A00 .3U……U.U… .
The Arduino Code below will check for the presence and ability to communicate to the EEPROM CHIP . When the sketch starts , the LED on the Arduino will blink rapidly . After you have the made connections as described above correctly , the LED will stay solid for about 2 seconds , which indicates that the EEPROM has been reset successfully .
Below a short Video to demonstrate :
This now allows me to use our test filaments on these printers . Not a permanent solution yet , but easy enough as a temporary workaround .
Warning : DO NOT KEEP THE ARDUINO CONNECTED WHEN YOU INSERT THE CARTRIDGE INTO THE PRINTER . This may , or may not void your warranty or render your filament or printer useless . So use this information at your own risk 🙂
Update April , 18 2014 : Code below has been updated to work with the new firmware version 1.1.I .
Arduino Sketch – Just copy and paste into the Arduino IDE and upload to your Arduino of choice
Here a great demonstration Video from Florian Uhleman 's Blog showing the whole process in detail :
And finally , here a Freestanding Filament Holder sized for ExcelFil Spools we made to conveniently load the filament into the Da Vinci .
Update January 2015 : A lot has happened since I wrote this post . We continued the whole discussion here : forum.voltivo.com
The first step to leaving anything behind is preparation—but not too much of it . If you want more from life than your draining day job , here 's one minimalist 's approach to taking an alternative path .
I left my job last August in order to launch my minimalist business and live and work from anywhere . If you 're in a situation like I was a year ago—the monotonous repetitive days , the future of my creativity rapidly dying—I imagine you want to do this too .
Advertisement
You want to be like Colin Wright , and country hop every four months . Or like Karol Gajda , making a reasonable living online while crafting a hand-made guitar in India . Maybe you want to be like Tammy Strobel and start a very small writing business to support your car-free lifestyle .
Maybe you want to be like you ! That 's even better .
It does n't matter what ideal life you imagine , you just need to know that it 's possible .
Advertisement
Before I get started : whenever I write these types of things , I always get comments from two kinds of people who think I 'm nuts .
The first is the people with kids , `` oh it 's so hard , I could never do that '' crowd .
I know , it 's so much easier to quit your job when you 're single and in your twenties , but it 's not impossible to change your life just because you decided to procreate . Leo Babauta started their own business and quit their job through minimalism , and they have six kids ! You can too , no excuses !
Advertisement
The other group of people who comment is the ones who claim to love their job .
Great ! I 'm so happy for you , do n't change anything .
But , if you really love your job , why are you reading a blog post about leaving your job ? Go read and comment on something else ! …unless you actually secretly hate your job , in which case you need to ask yourself some hard questions . Do n't just deny everything until you wake up one day 15 years down the road and wonder where your life went .
Advertisement
Now then , let 's get to business…
The obstacles of leaving your job .
Advertisement
Quitting your job is never easy . There are a number of obstacles to overcome in order to even think of going out on your own .
1 . Overcome your fear of certain death .
Everyone told me that if I quit my job during the greatest recession , I 'd end up living in a mud hut down on the other side of town swigging malt liquor out if a sipper cup .
Advertisement
This is the opposite of true . I 've found that the biggest growth opportunities are here , right now . Everything about the way we 're doing business is diversifying immensely . The time to start your own very small business is now , as there have never been more opportunities to reach out and find the tribe that will support your goals .
So ignore every horror story that you hear . These people are trying desperately to keep you from making a change –and who can blame them ? If you can do it , it looks badly on them if they 've settled for mediocrity .
Do n't listen to their pleas to be realistic .
The worst possible thing that could happen to you , if you do this , is probably not nearly as bad as you think . It 's really hard to fail hard in our society , as long as you have some basic common sense about you .
Advertisement
2 . Realize that you 're going to need new non-work friends .
I 've lost touch with every single friend I had at my old job - except the ones who left too . The common bonds that create an instant social network at a job are shallow indeed . When you 're talking about entrepreneurship , and they 're talking about maintaining the status-quo , this creates an instant barrier to communications .
Automatically assume that anyone who you work with now is not going to go out of their way to support your quest for freedom . Find help elsewhere , meet other people who have made this journey - the Internet is a great place to do this– these people are invaluable , and will tell you not to settle when you 're thinking or giving up .
Advertisement
That being said , some people will support you ! That 's great , do n't fire your friends if they 're helpful . Fire them if they 're holding you back by telling you that you ca n't succeed .
3 . Dare to dream unrealistically .
I wrote recently about the need to be completely unrealistic . You need to write down an unrealistic goal and start to live and breathe it every single day . This can be simple , or more complex . Make it crazy though ! The sky is the limit , and trust me , people have been up there too .
Advertisement
Everything crazy has been done already , so you might as well do it again .
My goal was to become a minimalist in order to live and work from anywhere . It was n't nearly as hard as I thought it would be . My primary income source is this blog , which I never thought would happen this quickly - the income potential to earn money online is enormous . You can reach almost anyone .
Your dream does n't have to be about making money online , but you do need to have some sort of goal .
Advertisement
4 . Be confident when presenting your ideas to friends and strangers .
One of the biggest challenges , when deciding to leave a day job , is the opinions of others .
When you tell your best friend that you 're opting out of the rat-race to pursue a career as a writer , they will look at you like you 're a nutcase . It 's okay that they have doubts , you 're making a change and it 's only natural for them to worry .
Advertisement
That 's why it 's important to present your plans with confidence . Do n't hesitate or shake uncontrollably in fear when you tell people of your plans . Just say in a firm voice , with confidence , that this is the path you intend to tread .
I shared my unrealistic dream of becoming a location independent writer with people , initially they thought I was crazy ! Six months later , I 'm making a full time living . I 'm no longer crazy .
5 . Do n't let others decide your fate .
Ultimately , your decision to make a change is up to you . No amount of deliberation with friends and family will make your decision easier . In fact , the more you talk the harder it will be to do something .
Advertisement
Do n't spend a year trying to decide to make a change , just do it .
Now that you 've overcome some preliminary obstacles , it 's time to prepare for your departure .
Advertisement
Things to do before you jump .
1 . Figure out your cash flow .
You need to start figuring out ways to make a small amount of money outside your main job .
Advertisement
Unless you 're crazy , like me , it 's best to have at least your basic expenses covered before you make a jump .
Start by trying to make $ 10 online doing something other than selling your stuff on Craigslist . It sounds like a small goal , but that 's the biggest hump . If you can sell one digital or even physical product or service , chances are you can scale that .
Once you 've made your first $ 10 , try to make $ 10 a day . Then scale up from there until it 's $ 100 a day , then $ 10,000 and so on .
Advertisement
It 's important to have the objective in sight when you 're thinking about new cash flow . If you want to make passive income on a digital product , like I do , make that your goal and go straight to working on the product .
Do n't mess around in other areas outside your focus , unless you realize that your product is n't going to sell more than 5 copies .
There are of course many other ways to make money outside of the online world , that 's just where I make money , so I used it as an example . I also believe it 's a lot easier to make money online than it is in the real world in the current economic climate .
Advertisement
2 . Save up enough to survive until you actually have cash flow .
If you do n't have time to get cash flow going , or just have no idea what you 're doing ( I was in this boat when I left ) , at least save up enough to cover you expenses for a few months while you figure out what you 're doing .
Most small business gurus recommend a 6-month cushion . 12-months if you 're a rock star .
Advertisement
Start by getting your finances in order . If keeping track of your spending scares the crap out of you , I recommend reading Adam Baker 's brilliant e-book Unautomate Your Finances in order to get a handle on how much you 're actually spending every month .
If you spend a lot of money every month , you 're going to need to cut back .
My ideal living expenses are around $ 1400 a month now –this is n't to say I 'm not making and spending a lot more than that , this is just what it costs for me to survive in Brooklyn .
Advertisement
When I was in Portland I spent around $ 900 a month on living and eating .
When I left my job , I 'd saved up $ 3000 and lived on that for three months . You might need more or less depending on your living expenses .
The less you have to spend , the larger your chance of success .
Worrying about how little money you have to pay for stupid stuff will weigh on your mind and destroy your chances of striking out on your own .
Advertisement
When you work at a day job , you get used to having that steady stream of cash coming in every month . The more you make , the more you rely on . You need to break that cycle now , and start stashing away every last penny , or you 'll never be able to leave .
How can you cut down your expenses so that they 're reasonable ?
3 . Apply minimalism to your life .
Cut back on everything before you quit . Initially you 're going to be making a lot less than you did when you were employed . Go car-free . Rent your house to strangers . Sell all of your furniture . Cancel every single subscription - especially cable TV , then sell your TV . Call your phone company and reduce yourself to a basic plan .
Advertisement
Do this until your only expenses are eating and renting a small apartment .
Eventually you 'll be making enough from your new business to spend more , but it 's entirely unnecessary to scale back up after you downsize like this .
The stuff keeps you down , rooted to one place , and completely ineffective .
You ca n't pursue your dreams if you 're surrounded by crap .
I 'm not saying you should go all monk on us , but realistically consider living with your 100 best possessions , and nothing more . This will make you more flexible , so you can move whenever you want and focus entirely on your business when you need to .
Advertisement
The Minimalist Guide to Leaving Your Soul-Crushing Day Job [ Far Beyond the Stars ]
Everett Bogue is the author of Minimalist Business and blogger at Far Beyond The Stars . You can catch them living and working from anywhere , currently San Francisco .
Everett Bogue , the author of this post can be contacted here .
+ 46
Text description provided by the architects . Overlooking the rich natural environment , the world 's longest house tops a hill in the Khao yai forest complex , Thailand .
Through the water fall as a entrance gate , the road leads you to the main house extending east and west on the left , and on the opposite side , a glass house in the forest as a guest house . The main house is simply composed of a white cube and 2 horizontal plates of 11m wide by 150m long .
All rooms for owner family are put linearly between the plates , opening to both north corridor and south deck terrace . A glazed room for spa & fitness at the east end , 6 bedrooms with exclusive bathroom and living room , a family living/dining room , and storages or maid rooms at the west end . This extremely long planning takes advantage of the beautiful landscape , gaining a panoramic view and a dynamic scale space as the very long deck terrace . At the same time , it regards a airy comfortable living environment .
Above the private rooms , there is a roof top terrace covered with sand and the swimming pool of 40m long . It 's like a floating sky beach surrounded by mountains . The white cube as formal living/dining room has 6M high ceiling . The stairs from the hall below divides the large room into southern living space and northern dining space .
150m weekend house - the longest house in this century - was born by admiring the mountain scenery as a given condition and imagining a seascape as the contrastive view .
We of Éireport Group wish to clarify some points about the GaiaPortal blog messages .
The Essence of the GaiaPortal blog is communication on multiple levels . Those who receive a message on one level of awareness , will perhaps receive it differently from those at a different level of awareness .
There is no level which is “ better ” than another . Each is simply unique unto itself .
GaiaPortal messages may appear “ cryptic ” to some . However , each message communicates to multiple hu-man and Hue-man levels simultaneously . Each BEing receives the messages in their own way , from their own level .
We of Éireport Group encourage the practice of “ Awareness Expansion ” as these messages appear . In particular , those who view a message as “ indecipherable ” , will find , as “ Awareness Expansion ” is practiced ( namely , “ allowed ” to occur , from within ) , Higher Levels of awareness will be experienced .
Intellect-only analysis of these messages is impossible , as the intellect operates on a level of awareness that is extremely limited , and is unable to discern the “ multiple levels simultaneously ” ( complete ) meaning of each .
We thank you for your patience and understanding .
Éireport Group
Photo Credit : Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , effect courtesy photofunia.com
Speaking at a forum of Al-Quds ( Jerusalem ) waqfs ( charity organizations ) aimed at bring them together to explore opportunities for cooperation among them in promoting Muslim causes in Israel 's capital ( he skipped that part ) , Turkey 's president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday appealed for their fellow Muslims to visit Jerusalem – to show their support for their brethren .
Turkey has the highest numbers of visitors to Jerusalem from among all other Muslim countries – around 26,000 annually – and Erdoğan asked why “ hundreds of thousands ” of Muslims are n't visiting . Close to 600,000 Americans , 400,000 Russians and 300,000 French citizens visited Jerusalem in 2015 , Erdoğan said , citing Israeli Tourism Ministry data for the worst year for the local industry , which showed a 25 % decline due to all those freedom fighting Muslims stabbing people in the streets .
Advertisement
Describing Israeli practices as “ racist ” and “ discriminatory , ” the Turkish president then proceeded to severely criticize Israeli lawmakers for banning the Muslim call to prayer ( “ adhan ” ) using loudspeakers between 11 PM and 7 AM . Calling it a violation of the universal freedom of religion and conscience , they asked : “ If you have faith in your religion , why are you afraid of the adhan ? ”
Well , not so much afraid as needing to sleep at night , much like many other cities the world over which have instituted similar curbs on enthusiastic Muezzins .
Ignoring the fact that this was an environmental , rather than a religious law , Erdoğan insisted : “ We will not allow the adhan to be stopped in Al-Quds . ”
A source in Israel 's Foreign Ministry said the Jewish State is trying to avoid yet another clash with Erdoğan , so they sent them a message of sharp rebuke and they 're hope that 'll be the end of it .
And , sure , send more Turkish tourists , if they can afford it . Usually , the traffic is in the opposite direction , Israelis cramming to enjoy southern Turkey 's unspoiled beaches and clear blue seawater . Perhaps a steady stream of Muslim fanatics visiting Israel could help the economy ( buy one knife , get the second one free ? ) .
BC Transit unveiled new steel and glass doors for its buses Wednesday to protect drivers from increasing incidents of assault .
Manuel Achadinha , the BC Transit CEO , said the new doors will be tested on several buses in Victoria , Kelowna and Abbotsford before the design is finalized and installed on the rest of the fleet .
`` We 're trying to maintain that … the bus is a safe place to be , '' Achadinha said .
`` But it 's also a place that , if you need to ask the operator a question , you still have the ability to do that . ''
`` For the next six months we want to hear from our customers to see what they think of the door , but one of the things we 're doing is we are committed to the safety of our operators and our customers , '' they said .
Ben Williams , president of the bus drivers union Unifor Local 333 , said the new doors are a significant improvement over the initial version made of Plexiglas and pipe .
`` Sadly , assaults have been on the increase , '' Williams said , with 30 incidents ranging from verbal abuse to punches in the last decade .
Driver shields common elsewhere
`` Assault by spit is something that 's become more and more common , '' they said .
`` It 's disgusting and nobody should have fear of going to work and being assaulted . ''
Williams said when protective doors for drivers were first introduced in 2015 many BC Transit drivers were n't convinced of the need , but more transit systems are taking the same approach , including Coast Mountain Bus Company in Vancouver .
`` You go overseas this is a commonplace , every bus does have a barrier . But when it comes to North America it 's something we 're a little bit slower to adapt to , '' Williams said .
Like many automotive fads and trends , the miniature car racing movement apparently started in California in the late-1930s by individuals who constructed cars using small gasoline-powered two-stroke model airplane engines . After learning more about the little racing cars recently , and viewing some of the interesting pre- and post-war newsreel films covering “ spindizzies ” and “ tether ” racing cars the sport proves to be quite interesting .
After the pursuit soon became popular , both kits and factory-built miniature cars were placed on the market . Three different ways of racing the little cars soon became popular , and running them on a specially constructed banked track proves to be the most interesting ; “ rail ” cars and owners are visible in the lead photo at the start of a race . The rail is a narrow protruding guide on the surface of the track , just outside of the left-hand wheels that keeps each car in its lane .
A tether car is shown here , note how the cable and clamp attaches to the frame .
Two other types of car control are also used ; in one version the operator stands in the center of a track and guides the car with a cable it is tethered to . In a video below-featuring car builder Gordon A. Babb , they operate a single vehicle and then a second individual joins into a race . The third type of control involves the cars being tethered to a center pivot and rotating around it .
The newsreel video “ Popular Science ” above shows Babb , a car builder working in their shop located in Pasadena , California . It appears they built their cars by assembling kits , and many of the details of the various components and parts show the make-up of their racing cars . View Babb 's tire manufacturing operation in action using tire molds containing rubber on a vulcanizer used to cure them .
A small trophy for a miniature car at a meet in Altoona , Pennsylvania .
And finally in “ Hot Rod Speedsters Part I ” below you will learn more about the clubs and tracks that racing enthusiasts constructed in the post-war years . Racing action on the 1/12-mile rail-guided Hornet Hobby Race Track in Fresno , California , is included along with information about the type of fuel used , starting procedures , speeds , timing , and how the cars are shut down at the end of a race .
The photos are courtesy of , Tether Car , there you can view more images and learn about the pint-sized racing cars .
Here 's a question : does anyone have a clear idea of what Mitt Romney will actually do if elected ?
The divergence between campaign promises and what happens after the election is , of course , a feature of every presidency - and every elective office ever . But 2012 is different for a couple of reasons . Whoever is president in 2013 will have an opportunity to resolve some significant issues . Various political fights - over the Bush tax cuts , the `` fiscal cliff , '' Obamacare , and perhaps entitlement and long-term budget reform - are coming to a head . ( Some of that will occur in the lame duck period , but if Romney is elected they will likely have some input into what happens . )
And yet , aside from the default Republican position of extending the Bush tax cuts , what Romney will do is a mystery . This is partly Romney 's ideological indeterminacy : nobody knows if they mean what they say . But it 's also because there is a widening gulf between GOP proposals and the realities of governing . If Romney wins , that will immediately pose obstacles for him . ( n.b . : Much of this depends on a single unknown : who controls the Senate . If it 's the Democrats , Romney 's maneuvering room will be severely curtailed . )
Would President Romney do what Grover Norquist and the conservative movement want : try to pass a sweeping budget reform a la the Ryan plan , or their own ( similar but considerably vaguer ) plan ?
But Democrats will likely oppose this en masse , so this would almost certainly have to be done through the budget reconciliation process , which requires only a simple majority in the Senate , assuming the GOP wins control . This is extremely risky , though : major , once-in-a-generation reforms usually require an agreement between both parties . Because major reforms are n't painless . If one party takes full responsibility for them , it 's going to get hammered for it sooner or later , and possibly for a long time . You break the welfare state , you own the pieces .
Or :
Would President Romney try to actively engage Democrats and arrive at the elusive Grand Bargain on budget reform instead ? Arriving at a compromise may require concessions that will alienate the conservative wing of the Republican Party - that is , the entire Republican Party , which does n't like them or trust them to begin with . Romney could n't advocate for tax increases , but does advocate tax reform that eliminates loopholes and exemptions . But doing that might mean alienating the middle class ( no more home mortgage interest deduction ! ) . So it 's not clear what they can offer Democrats that wo n't simultaneously alienate Republicans .
Then there are other issues :
Would Romney repeal Obamacare as promised ? This would be a highly divisive move that would poison the well for Democratic cooperation on other issues , and create as many problems as it solves .
Would they attempt to pass a package of tax cuts as an economic stimulus , in order to later claim credit for any economic recovery ? This would seem to be the easiest , most predictable thing to do out of the gate . But would add to the deficit , worsening the long-term fiscal picture . And after the fight for that is over , is there still time and the will for the more ambitious stuff ?
You get my drift . If Romney is elected , he 's going to have to bring pragmatism back to a party in thrall to grand abstractions .
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook . My Forbes blog page is here .
Washington ( CNN ) The Mexican government on Sunday again stressed its position that it will not pay for President Donald Trump 's proposed border wall .
Trump tweeted Sunday morning : `` With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world , we must have THE WALL . Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other . ''
In response , the country 's foreign ministry released a statement saying Mexico would not pay for a wall or other physical barrier at the border `` under any circumstances . ''
`` This determination is not part of a Mexican negotiating strategy , but a principle of national sovereignty and dignity , '' the statement said .
One of Trump 's principle campaign promises was to build a wall at the southern border and have Mexico pay for it . Since taking office , Trump has called for Congress to allocate money for the wall instead and have Mexico pay the US back . Mexican leaders have publicly rejected any avenue to pay for the wall .
Earlier this month , Trump threatened a government shutdown should Congress not allocate money to build the wall that Mexico has refused to fund . The deadline for passing a spending bill to keep the government open is at the end of next month .
The Mexican foreign ministry 's statement also addressed Trump 's comment regarding crime in Mexico . The ministry said the crime is a `` shared problem '' for both countries and is caused in part by US demand for Mexican narcotics .
`` Only on the basis of the principles of shared responsibility , teamwork and mutual trust can we overcome this challenge , '' the statement said .
The ministry also reacted to a different Trump tweet Sunday morning about the North American Free Trade Agreement .
`` We are in the NAFTA ( worst trade deal ever made ) renegotiation process with Mexico & Canada . Both being very difficult , may have to terminate ? '' Trump tweeted .
Mexico said its position at the negotiating table was `` serious and constructive '' and sought a winning result for Mexico , the US and Canada .
`` Mexico will not negotiate NAFTA nor any other aspect of the bilateral relationship through social media or the media , '' the ministry added .
Mexico offered any help that may be needed to deal with the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey as well .
Jon Stewart struggled to figure out the ins and outs of Bitcoin Thursday night , and concluded that this extremely volatile online-only currency can stay out of the eyes of the feds if they “ institutionalize and normalize systemic fraud ” like , say , larger financial institutions that get very little to no scrutiny .
Bitcoin seemed good enough to Stewart , because clearly “ nothing 's more reliable and secure than the internet , ” but the government 's been cracking down a bit . Contrast that with Credit Suisse , the multinational financial group that helped wealthy people hide money from the IRS , which is n't being gone after with the same vigor as Bitcoin is .
Oh , and GOLDMAN SACHS HAS URANIUM ( though it 's now selling the uranium trading business ) . And on top of that , just the mere hint of Goldman Sachs involvement sent the Danish into a political frenzy !
Watch the video below , via Comedy Central :
Part 1 :
Part 2 :
[ photo via screengrab ]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
A A
Ustawienia testowe
Deus Ex : Mankind Divided , Praga
1920x1080 , Ustawienia Średnie
średnia liczba kl./s
minimalna liczba kl./s GeForce GTX 1080 ( 1607/1250 ) 122
101 GeForce GTX 1070 ( 1506/2000 ) 98
79 AMD Radeon R9 Fury X ( 1050/500 ) 95
77 GeForce GTX 980 Ti ( 1000/1750 ) 94
76 Radeon R9 390X ( 1050/1500 ) 72
55 Radeon RX 480 ( 1120/2000 ) 62
48 GeForce GTX 1060 ( 1506/2000 ) 58
44 GeForce GTX 980 ( 1126/1750 ) 57
42 Radeon RX 470 ( 1216/1750 ) 55
41 GeForce GTX 970 ( 1051/1750 ) 54
40 Radeon R9 380 ( 970/1375 ) 34
24 Radeon RX 460 ( 1216/1750 ) 30
20 GeForce GTX 960 ( 1126/1750 ) 30
19
W ustawieniach średnich nowy Deus Ex wymaga do w miarę komfortowej rozgrywki karty pokroju Radeon RX 480 lub GTX 1060 . Jeśli ktoś jednak celuje w minimum 60 kl/s to powinien posiadać kartę pokroju GTX 980 Ti / 1070 lub Radeona Fury X. Stawce przewodzi oczywiście GTX 1080 .
Ustawienia testowe
Deus Ex : Mankind Divided , Praga
1920x1080 , Ustawienia Ultra , TAA
średnia liczba kl./s
minimalna liczba kl./s GeForce GTX 1080 ( 1607/1250 ) 83
70 GeForce GTX 1070 ( 1506/2000 ) 63
48 AMD Radeon R9 Fury X ( 1050/500 ) 59
45 GeForce GTX 980 Ti ( 1000/1750 ) 58
45 Radeon R9 390X ( 1050/1500 ) 49
36 Radeon RX 480 ( 1120/2000 ) 44
33 GeForce GTX 1060 ( 1506/2000 ) 40
29 GeForce GTX 980 ( 1126/1750 ) 39
27 GeForce GTX 970 ( 1051/1750 ) 34
23 Radeon RX 470 ( 1216/1750 ) 21
14
Sytuacja się znacząco komplikuje w przypadku ustawień ultra . W pełni komfortową zabawę zapewnie jedynie GTX 1080 . Próg w miarę przyjmnej zabawy ( minimum 45 kl/s ) osiąga jeszcze GTX 980 Ti / 1070 oraz Radeon Fury X. W przypadku słabszych kart do ustawień ultra raczej nie ma sensu podchodzić .
Any tax cut for middle income earners will also provide a benefit for those further up the income scale , including the top 20 percent who now pay 95 percent of all income taxes , according to the director of the Office of Management and Budget .
In explaining the complicated tax system the administration and congressional Republicans are trying to simplify , Mick Mulvaney played the role of professor at Georgetown University Wednesday night and dished the eye-popping numbers and impact of a middle class tax cut .
Related : Are Trump 's border wall prototypes all for nothing ?
It came in a discussion before students of the school 's Institute of Politics and Public Service at the McCourt School of Public Policy . The discussion was directed by Cathy Koch , a tax expert and former Senate aide .
When the two turned to the taxes the rich pay , Mulvaney declared , `` The top 20 percent of folks who file a tax return , the top 20 percent , pay 95 percent of the taxes . ''
OMB later cited internal data to the Washington Examiner that said the top 20 percent of people to pay income taxes account for 94.8 percent of those taxes in 2016 .
That appears to be a jump from just a few years ago . In 2015 , the Wall Street Journal reported that the top 20 percent of income earners paid 84 percent of income taxes .
Mulvaney explained :
If you break the income tax universe into what we call quintiles , so equal sized 20 percent columns , the first two columns , the first quintile and the lower quintile , do n't pay any taxes at all . In fact they net positive . We pay them when they file a tax return .
That middle quintile , which you might describe , some people do , as middle class , pays an effective rate in the low single digits . And all of the taxes are paid by folks in the top two quintiles , and that last quintile pays almost fully , 95 percent I think , of the taxes .
People always ask all the time , ‘ Why do you want to give a tax cut to the rich ? ' Here 's the math . We have a progressive tax system , which means that if you make $ 1 million and I make $ 50,000 , we both pay the exact same rate on the first , let 's say , $ 20,000 . And then , from the next $ 20,000 up to my $ 50,000 , and their next $ 20,000 to their next $ 50,000 , we pay the same , I think it 's 12 percent of 15 percent , I ca n't remember where the brackets are right now . And then they go on to pay their higher rate on the stuff that they make and I stop .
Well , if you want to give me , the middle class , a cut , take my 15 percent rate down to say 10 percent , and that gives the middle class a cut . Guess who else benefits from that , they do . They pay that same rate on the way up the brackets .
Their conclusion , `` You could sit there and do nothing but lower the rates on the middle class , and all other things being equal , you 're giving the rich a tax cut .
Related : Poll : 4 of 10 voters are 'silent Trump supporters '
Paul Bedard , the Washington Examiner 's `` Washington Secrets '' columnist , can be contacted at pbedard @ washingtonexaminer.com
In ReactJS we can export some markup by using components render method . So far so good but what happens when we want to apply some if…else logic in there ?
Coming from a different background many developers might search for an alternative of ng-if= ” someLogic here ” ( AngularJS ) or even { { if someLogic here } } ( Handlebars in EmberJS ) . The answer is that there is n't such thing . It may sound weird but in ReactJS we can apply some if…else logic by using dead simple vanilla JavaScript .
Simple if logic
When we want to apply some basic if logic we can create a wrapper method , run our logic in there and then render that method as we normally do :
Simple if logic with Logical AND
This looks good and serves our needs but it has some extra code we can get rid of by using logical AND operator . Let me show you :
It works because in JavaScript , true & & expression always evaluates to expression , and false & & expression always evaluates to false .
Therefore , if the condition is true , the element right after & & will appear in the output . If it is false , React will ignore and skip it .
Nice right ? So as you see we can keep things clean by using logical AND operator for a simple if logic .
Simple if logic with Logical OR
Same way we can use Logical OR to render some default content when an option is missing :
If our user here does n't have a job then we will print that they are Unemployed .
Advanced if…else logic
Let 's create a more advanced example . There are times we are loading a collection of users so we want to show a preloader till this process is done . When this is over we want to render that list or declare that we did n't find any user . How can we do this ?
Once again we created a wrapper and in there we ran some advanced if…else logic . This is what our stateless component renders here since we returned that very method .
Advanced if…else logic with IIFE
We can make this even simpler by using an IIFE ( Immediately-Invoked Function Expression ) and omit that wrapper . Let me show you :
By using an IIFE we do n't need to use a wrapping method but we can export at once that IIFE by running our advanced if…else logic in there .
Advanced if…else logic with do { … } expression ( stage-0 )
Instead of using an IIFE you can use experimental do { ... } expression which is currently ( March 2017 ) at stage-0 :
Remember that you need to use preset babel-preset-0 or transform-do expressions plugin in your .babelrc setup .
Advanced if…else logic with ternary operator
I know you saw that coming . Ternary operator is a life-saver most of the time and we can nest more than one expression . I do n't recommend doing so since it is really ugly and your code becomes non-readable but it is good to know you can use it in ReactJS and do whatever you like :
More conditional statements
In our examples above we could use even more good stuff like switch or if…else if…else etc ReactJS gives us the flexibility to use native conditional statements and make these filterings without having to master a new template syntax with custom directives and expressions . This makes ReactJS extremely powerful .
Jack Tatar is the author of the book , `` Safe 4 Retirement : The Four Keys to a Safe Retirement '' which takes a holistic approach to retirement that considers not only the financial aspects but the need to focus on health , wellness , mental attitude and staying involved as keys to living a long and safe retirement . Jack is a former Financial Advisor and current CEO of GEM Research Solutions , a leading market research firm focused primarily on the financial services industry . Jack is a frequent speaker on the topic of retirement and just published `` Having 'The Talk ' with Your Parents About Retirement . '' Jack has been involved with numerous start ups and has an MBA from Pepperdine University and a BA from Stony Brook University . Website : Safe4Retirement.com Email : Jack @ safe4retirement.com Twitter - @ Safe4Retirement Facebook – Facebook.com/Safe4Retirement
I 'll be honest . The thought of being in a retirement community in my later years surrounded by Deadheads does n't sound bad .
That was my reaction after reading an article in the New York Times recently about how niche and specialized retirement communities are being created to cater to people with similar interests and passions , even an affinity for the Grateful Dead .
The Times story discusses communities that cater primarily to those in `` specific '' markets such as the LGBT community ( Fountaingrove Lodge ) and to entertainment professionals ( Lillian Booth Actors Home , around since 1902 ) .
The wonderful thing about these communities is that they provide a community of `` like minded '' people to spend one 's later years with . They are often not cheap — the Fountaingrove Lodge has a $ 750,000 entrance fee — but they provide an experience that is more unique and focused than your typical retirement community .
As reported by the Times , Andrew J. Carle of George Mason University views them as `` flavors of ice cream . '' Carle is a former hospital and senior-housing executive who goes on to say , `` When the boomer generation ages , they just want more flavors on the shelf . They 're not going to be satisfied with vanilla , chocolate or strawberry . ''
Another innovation is the university-based retirement community where residents live near a college campus and must take classes . Other possibilities : communities for retirees of Indian heritages ( ShantiNiketan in Florida ) and those specifically interested in recreational vehicles ( Escapees Care Center in Texas ) .
As wonderful as these specialized communities sound , and however well they respond to the needs of the varied boomer generation , the reality is that you still have to do your due diligence no matter what type of retirement community you consider .
Brad Breeding of LifeSite Logics and author of `` What 's the Deal with Retirement Communities '' says that there are five key aspects to the decision process when choosing a retirement community , each of which is equally important : lifestyle , affordability over lifetime , contract details , financial stability of the provider , and health care . According to Breeding , `` It is important to live in a setting where the lifestyle and culture is compatible with your preferences . A niche community may appeal to some older Americans who otherwise might not have considered a retirement community . Yet , this alone should not eclipse the other important aspect of the research process . ''
As with any major financial decision you make at any stage in your life , it pays to listen to the professionals . Along with Breeding 's advice to always do your research , I also am interested in the points made by Max Greenberg , a senior-living adviser in Palo Alto , Calif. , who says that their prediction is “ that we will see more specialty communities popping up , including ones run by large national fraternities and sororities , allowing seniors to once again experience the partying , socialization and spirit of frat life they had in college . ''
It was Greenberg 's last comment that got me really enthused . They further predicted that they `` would n't be surprised to see a Grateful Dead–oriented community sprout up in the Bay Area , either . ''
Imagine sitting around in retirement with fellow Deadheads discussing the best recordings of “ Bertha ” and ” China Cat Sunflower , ” or the differences between Jerry 's playing before and after their coma . I would love to hear how anyone thinks that the Barton Hall show at Cornell from 1977 is n't the best Dead show ever . That would make an interesting after-dinner discussion among retirees .
It would truly be a groovy way to retire . I 'm sure that the snacks would be great as well . Peace , dude .
DISCLOSURE : Jack Tatar has ownership in the company that published Brad Breeding 's book .
The presentation movie below starts with the following hypotheses : ” Imagine you fridge knows your food and the expiration dates ” and “ Imagine you want to cook your favorite dish and your fridge knows what ingredients are missing and where you can get them the cheapest “ . Got your attention ? This futuristic refrigerator is a project developed during the summer term at the University of Applied Sciences in Schwäbisch Gmünd , Germany . It is based on the idea that future product tags will be printable . This is how know-it-all fridges will be available . Equipped with an interactive terminal , this fridge will be able to exhibit the products held inside , together with all their nutritional details and expiration dates . Moreover , the touch display can provide facilities such as a cook book , indication about where to buy missing groceries and many more . Fabian Kreuzer and Markus Lorenz Schilling created a prototype for this fridge , said to be able to display and to process a single operation . The concept , design and video below also belongs to them .
Most of the attention during the Bulls ' offseason has been focused on the additions of Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo . But general manager Gar Forman and vice president of basketball operations John Paxson will tell anyone who listens they have built a roster with 10 players who have three years or less of NBA experience .
“ The understated thing that we 've done is we 're looking to the future too and we have made significant changes in terms of the youth of the roster , ” Paxson said at Monday 's media day , “ We 're excited about those guys . We feel like we have some young players in the fold now that will develop into very good NBA players . ”
The Bulls have acquired youth , but are these players any good ? The cost to get most of them was very low , and the Bulls are hoping that coach Fred Hoiberg can utilize them in ways that other coaches could not .
There is a wide disparity in potential and expectations ...
0
Back in 2014 , we reported on Goro Miyazaki , the son of Studio Ghibli co-founder Hayao Miyazaki , preparing to adapt Astrid Lindgren ‘ s Swedish children 's classic Ronja the Robber 's Daughter into a TV series of sorts . Well , that happened , as it turned out and the series debuted in Japan in the fall of 2014 to largely positive reception . It 's surprising that we 've been waiting around for two years without any North American company attempting to bring the latest Ghibli title to the states – as they did with Goro 's first film , From Up on Poppy Hill – but the wait is seemingly all over now .
According to Variety , Amazon has picked up the series as part of a trio of children 's shows that it 's putting up on its streaming service starting later this fall . Plans are currently set to release Ronja in November , along with Little Big Awesome , backed by the creator of Superjail ! , and The Stinky & Dirty Show , which less is known about . Ghibli is also involved with Little Big Awesome , but the Miyazaki name puts Ronja in front as one of Amazon 's big releases for the fall . Gillian Anderson is being brought in to lend their voice to the narration of the series , originally done by Endô Fukiko , but no other word yet as to who else will be lending their English tones to the English-language dub of the series . That 's all well and good but the pull for most Ghibli fans wo n't be the sound of the voices but rather the exquisite animation style that has made the Japanese juggernaut one of the last truly haloed companies in modern movie-making .
Here 's how the series was described on the show 's Facebook page :
Introduction to FireEye TAP
The FireEye Threat Analytics Platform is a cloud-based solution that enables security teams to identify and effectively respond to cyber threats by layering enterprise-generated event data with real-time threat intelligence from FireEye . The platform increases the overall visibility into the threat landscape by leveraging the FireEye Threat Prevention Platforms ' rich insights into threat actor profiles and behavior . More details can be found here :
FireEye Threat Analytics Platform
Use Cases
Addressing a business need is the concept of `` Identity Explorer '' , using which administrators and case analysts can review the identity related incidents from the enterprise . The ForgeRock-FireEye TAP based solution will help heighten the sense of security , especially one related to BYOD , such as new mobile device registrations .
A sample case for detecting fraudulent device registrations is documented here . This is a typical use case wherein a user registers a new device or logs in with the new device from an unknown location . This is deemed a fraudulent login . The key to correctly detecting fraud in this case knows that the new location is not one the user would normally login from .
Sample rSyslog Configuration
$ ModLoad imfile
$ InputFilePollInterval 10
$ PrivDropToGroup adm
$ WorkDirectory /var/spool/rsyslog
$ InputFileName /home/ec2-user/openam12/openam/debug/Authentication
$ InputFileTag debugAuth :
$ InputFileStateFile stat-debugAuth12-access # this must be unique for each file being polled
$ InputFileSeverity info
$ InputFilePersistStateInterval 20000
$ InputRunFileMonitor
$ InputFileName /home/ec2-user/openam12/openam/log/amSSO.access
$ InputFileTag amSSO :
$ InputFileStateFile stat-amSSO12-access # this must be unique for each file being polled
$ InputFileSeverity info
$ InputFilePersistStateInterval 20000
$ InputRunFileMonitor
$ InputFileName /opt/demo/tomcat7b/bin/access.log
$ InputFileTag tomcat7baccess :
$ InputFileStateFile stat-tomcat7baccess12-access # this must be unique for each file being polled
$ InputFileSeverity info
$ InputFilePersistStateInterval 20000
$ InputRunFileMonitor
# Add a tag for file events
$ template TAPFormatFile , '' < % pri % > % protocol-version % % app-name % % procid % % msgid % % msg %
``
# Send to TAP then discard
if $ programname == 'debugAuth ' then @ @ 127.0.0.1:516 ; TAPFormatFile
if $ programname == 'amSSO ' then @ @ 127.0.0.1:516 ; TAPFormatFile
if $ programname == 'tomcat7baccess ' then @ @ 127.0.0.1:516 ; TAPFormatFile
OpenAM Debug Logging
Enable debug logging for Category : Authentication in /openam/Debug.jsp
FireEye Communications Broker Setup
You would setup a proprietary software on your unix server that listens on TCP:516 and routes incoming data to the FireEye TAP servers .
Viewing Parsed Log Messages in TAP
Search for class : forgerock ( this would be the name of your integration as agreed upon with FireEye ) , and for program : amauth . Other examples are program : amsso and program : ampolicy .
If parsing is working correctly , the TAP administration would see messages corresponding to the program name show up . In this screen shot the client 's IP is hidden . The next step is to create ALERTS that key off on certain field values parsed out of the logs .
Here is a sample alert for a user logging on from an unknown location :
The following screenshot shows a list of locations the user , User.120 has signed on from over the past month .
The logins from Tokyo , Frankfurt and Singapore could be deemed anomalous , and corresponding logs added to a new incident to investigate this behavior .
Here is the device information shown in TAP :
Here I show how logs from TAP can be added to a previously created , or new incident .
The analyst assigned to service the alert , and incident would need to login to TAP and investigate using session parameters such as timestamp , device name , OpenAM server name and possibly create a request to revoke or temporarily disable access for User.120 in OpenAM .
Serbian gangsters killed rival , ate them for lunch in a stew and disposed of body using a MEAT GRINDER
Sadistic mafia bosses tortured and killed a treacherous gang member then turned them into a stew , police believe .
Serbian gangsters beat Milan Jurisic , 37 , to death with a hammer , skinned and boned them with a sharp knife then put them through a meat grinder at a flat in Madrid .
They made a macabre face mask from their skin , cooked their flesh and ate them for lunch .
Sretko Kalinic ( left ) and Luka Bojovic tortured and killed Milan Jurisic , 37
Later they threw the bones into the River Manzanares in the Spanish capital .
Fellow gang member Sretko Kalinic , nicknamed The Butcher , confessed to the crime after being arrested in the Croatian capital Zagreb last year .
Spanish officers this week found 50 bones in the river and located the house of horrors where the bloodbath was carried out .
Jurisic is thought to have betrayed their fellow gang members by stealing money from them .
Milan Jurisic was beaten to death with a hammer , skinned and boned them with a sharp knife then put them through a meat grinder
They were on the run after being convicted in their absence of assassinating Serbian prime minister Zoran Djindjic in 2003 .
Spanish police believe the cannibal gang who killed them were led by Luka Bojovic , arrested in Valencia last month also accused of assassinating Djindjic .
Inside Bojovic 's apartment in Valencia they found documents backing up Kalinic 's shocking account of the killing .
All of those involved in the gruesome Madrid murder are said to be members of the Zemun Clan , a mafia group from Belgrade .
I really have to thank the likes of Richard Stallman and other longtime outspoken advocates of free and open source software . They sufficiently instilled the fear in me of government backdoors that allow for complete surveillance of my personal computing , including built-in microphones and video cameras . I 'd also like to thank Edward Snowden for vindicating them and showing the rest of the world just how vulnerable we really are .
I 've been watching several videos from 30c3 , the 30th annual Chaos Communication Conference . Let me tell you , the events and revelations of 2013 concerning government spying and the state of cryptography made for a lot of interesting talk . I 'm very hopeful knowing that the hacking community at large is now fully aware of the threat matrix we 're facing and is working overtime to address it head on . The spying capabilities of the NSA and other alphabet soup agencies are no longer relegated to conspiracy theories . They are real and they are being used against us relentlessly .
Please watch this video for just a taste of 30c3 , and if you like it consider watching some more talks on youtube . If there is one thing I hope you 'll take away from this speech , and others , it is that it 's time to switch to a 100 % free software operating system . I choose Debian Gnu/Linux . Unlike all other non Free Software Foundation recommended distributions , it contains no binary blobs or nonfree software in any of its default repositories . There are legions of white hat hackers in the world working overtime to debug cryptographic standards , software packages , and libraries . But they can not help you if you are running nonfree software . With that being said , enjoy the video !
'Part of the Socialist , Humanist Agenda to Destroy the Judeo-Christian Fabric of This Nation '
Pat Robertson has an opinion on almost everything , but it 's not very often that they totally lose their cool . On Tuesday the octogenarian televangelist , however , did just that , ranting about the news the federal government is suing the State of North Carolina to stop it from implementing portions of HB2 .
HB2 of course is Gov . Pat McCrory 's illegal and likely unconstitutional anti-LGBT law enacted to stop transgender people from using restrooms that correspond with their gender identity .
Saying they are `` simply appalled , '' Robertson denied `` so-called transgenders '' should have any civil rights or protections , since they are a `` fraction of one percent of the population . ''
`` How absurd can you get ! , '' Robertson lamented . `` How does this become a great civil rights issue ? , '' they mocked .
Robertson `` thinks '' there is likely going to be a `` shift in administrations '' - perhaps forgetting President Obama is n't running for re-election - announcing that Attorney General Loretta Lynch then `` will be out on their ear . ''
And , in full rant mode , Robertson declared the Justice Department 's lawsuit against North Carolina is `` part of the socialist , humanist agenda to destroy the Judeo-Christian fabric of this nation . ''
Washing their hands of President Obama , Robertson concluded , `` This is America and this is who you put in office . You elected him . I did n't elect him . You did . ''
Watch :
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=PN3wKryfnLg
Image : Screenshot via 700 Clubs
Hat tip and video : Right Wing Watch
See a mistake ? Email corrections to : [ email protected ]
Android Application Architecture
Our journey from standard Activities and AsyncTasks to a modern MVP-based architecture powered by RxJava .
Iván Carballo Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 1 , 2015
Different parts of a software codebase should be independent , yet perfectly work together like a well-oiled machine — photo by Chester Alvarez .
The Android dev ecosystem moves very quickly . Every week new tools are created , libraries are updated , blog posts are written and talks are given . If you go on holiday for a month , by the time you come back there will be a new version of the support library and/or Play Services .
I 've been making Android apps with the ribot team for over three years . During this time , the architecture and technologies we 've used to build Android apps have been continuously evolving . This article will take you through this journey by explaining our learnings , mistakes and the reasoning behind these architectural changes .
The old times
Back in 2012 our codebases used to follow a basic structure . We did n't use any networking library and AsyncTasks were still our friends . The diagram below shows approximately how the architecture was .
Initial architecture
The code was structured in two layers : the data layer that was in charge of retrieving/saving data from REST APIs and persistent data stores ; and the view layer , whose responsibility was handling and displaying the data on the UI .
The APIProvider provides methods to enable Activities and Fragments to easily interact with the REST API . These methods use URLConnection and AsyncTasks to perform network calls in a separate thread and return the result to the Activities via callbacks .
In a similar way , the CacheProvider contains methods that retrieve and store data from SharedPreferences or a SQLite database . It also uses callbacks to pass the result back to the Activities .
The problems
The main issue with this approach was that the View layer had too many responsibilities . Imagine a simple common scenario where the application has to load a list of blog posts , cache them in a SQLite database and finally display them on a ListView . The Activity would have to do the following :
Call a method loadPosts ( callback ) in the APIProvider Wait for the APIProvider success callback and then call savePosts ( callback ) in the CacheProvider . Wait for the CacheProvider success callback and then display the posts on the ListView . Separately handle the two potential errors callback from the APIProvider and CacheProvider .
This is a very simple example . In a real case scenario the REST API will probably not return the data like the view needs it . Therefore , the Activity will have to somehow transform or filter the data before showing it . Another common case is when the loadPosts ( ) method takes a parameter that needs to be fetched from somewhere else , for example an email address provided by the Play Services SDK . It 's likely that the SDK will return the email asynchronously using a callback , meaning that we now have three levels of nested callbacks . If we keep adding complexity , this approach will result into what is known as callback hell .
In summary :
Activities and Fragments become very large and difficult to maintain
Too many nested callbacks means the code is ugly and difficult to understand so painful to make changes or add new features .
Unit testing becomes challenging , if not impossible , because a lot of the logic lives within the Activities or Fragments that are arduous to unit test .
A new architecture driven by RxJava
We followed the previous approach for about two years . During that time , we made several improvements that slightly mitigated the problems described above . For example , we added several helper classes to reduce the code in Activities and Fragments and we started using Volley in the APIProvider . Despite these changes , our application code was n't yet test-friendly and the callback hell issue was still happening too often .
It was n't until 2014 when we started reading about RxJava . After trying it on a few sample projects , we realised that this could finally be the solution to the nested callback problem . If you are not familiar with reactive programming you can read this introduction . In short , RxJava allows you to manage data via asynchronous streams and gives you many operators that you can apply to the stream in order to transform , filter or combine the data .
Taking into account the pains we experienced in previous years , we started to think about how the architecture of a new app would look . So we came up with this .
RxJava-driven architecture
Similar to the first approach , this architecture can be separated into a data and view layer . The data layer contains the DataManager and a set of helpers . The view layer is formed by Android framework components like Fragments , Activities , ViewGroups , etc .
Helper classes ( third column on diagram ) have very specific responsibilities and implement them in a concise manner . For example , most projects have helpers for accessing REST APIs , reading data from databases or interacting with third party SDKs . Different applications will have a different number of helpers but the most common ones are :
PreferencesHelper : reads and saves data in SharedPreferences .
DatabaseHelper : handles accessing SQLite databases .
Retrofit services : perform calls to REST APIs . We started using Retrofit instead of Volley because it provides support for RxJava . It 's also nicer to use .
Most of the public methods inside helper classes will return RxJava Observables .
The DataManager is the brain of the architecture . It extensively uses RxJava operators to combine , filter and transform data retrieved from helper classes . The aim of the DataManager is to reduce the amount of work that Activities and Fragments have to do by providing data that is ready to display and wo n't usually need any transformation .
The code below shows what a DataManager method would look like . This sample method works as follows :
Call the Retrofit service to load a list of blog posts from a REST API Save the posts in a local database for caching purposes using the DatabaseHelper . Filter the blog posts written today because those are the only ones the view layer wants to display .
Components in the view layer such as Activities or Fragments would simply call this method and subscribe to the returned Observable . Once the subscription finishes , the different Posts emitted by the Observable can be directly added to an Adapter in order to be displayed on a RecyclerView or similar .
The last element of this architecture is the event bus . The event bus allows us to broadcast events that happen in the data layer , so that multiple components in the view layer can subscribe to these events . For example , a signOut ( ) method in the DataManager can post an event when the Observable completes so that multiple Activities that are subscribed to this event can change their UI to show a signed out state .
Why was this approach better ?
RxJava Observables and operators remove the need for having nested callbacks .
The DataManager takes over responsibilities that were previously part of the view layer . Hence , it makes Activities and Fragments more lightweight .
Moving code from Activities and Fragments to the DataManager and helpers means that writing unit tests becomes easier .
Clear separation of responsibilities and having the DataManager as the only point of interaction with the data layer , makes this architecture test-friendly . Helper classes or the DataManager can be easily mocked .
What problems did we still have ?
For large and very complex projects the DataManager can become too bloated and difficult to maintain .
Although view layer components such as Activities and Fragments became more lightweight , they still have to handle a considerable amount of logic around managing RxJava subscriptions , analysing errors , etc .
Integrating Model View Presenter
In the past year , several architectural patterns such as MVP or MVVM have been gaining popularity within the Android community . After exploring these patterns on a sample project and article , we found that MVP could bring very valuable improvements to our existing approach . Because our current architecture was divided in two layers ( view and data ) , adding MVP felt natural . We simply had to add a new layer of presenters and move part of the code from the view to presenters .
MVP-based architecture
The data layer remains as it was but it 's now called model to be more consistent with the name of the pattern .
Presenters are in charge of loading data from the model and calling the right method in the view when the result is ready . They subscribe to Observables returned by the data manager . Therefore , they have to handle things like schedulers and subscriptions . Moreover , they can analyse error codes or apply extra operations to the data stream if needed . For example , if we need to filter some data and this same filter is not likely to be reused anywhere else , it may make more sense to implement it in the presenter rather than in the data manager .
Below you can see what a public method in the presenter would look like . This code subscribes to the Observable returned by the dataManager.loadTodayPosts ( ) method we defined in the previous section .
The mMvpView is the view component that this presenter is assisting . Usually the MVP view is an instance of an Activity , Fragment or ViewGroup .
Like the previous architecture , the view layer contains standard framework components like ViewGroups , Fragments or Activities . The main difference is that these components do n't subscribe directly to Observables . They instead implement an MvpView interface and provide a list of concise methods such as showError ( ) or showProgressIndicator ( ) . The view components are also in charge of handling user interactions such as click events and act accordingly by calling the right method in the presenter . For example , if we have a button that loads the list of posts , our Activity would call presenter.loadTodayPosts ( ) from the onClick listener .
If you want to see a full working sample of this MVP-based architecture , you can check out our Android Boilerplate project on GitHub . You can also read more about it in the ribot 's architecture guidelines .
Why is this approach better ?
Activities and Fragments become very lightweight . Their only responsibilities are to set up/update the UI and handle user events . Therefore , they become easier to maintain .
We can now easily write unit tests for the presenters by mocking the view layer . Before , this code was part of the view layer so we could n't unit test it . The whole architecture becomes very test-friendly .
If the data manager is becoming bloated , we can mitigate this problem by moving some code to the presenters .
What problems do we still have ?
Updated below
In June 2009 , Senator Russ Feingold ( D-WI ) asked the Obama Administration to rescind certain classified legal opinions issued by the Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) that asserted legal justifications for the Bush Administration 's warrantless wiretapping program .
But more than a year and a half later , those OLC opinions remain under review and no action has been taken to invalidate them , the Justice Department indicated in a newly published hearing volume .
“ I just want to reiterate how important it is for the legal justifications for this program to be withdrawn , ” said Sen. Feingold at a June 17 , 2009 hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee , referring to the warrantless wiretapping program . “ I am concerned these memos that make unsupportable claims of executive power will come back to haunt us if they remain in effect . And if you believe , as I think the President [ Obama ] has indicated in the past , that the program was illegal , they can not stand . ”
Attorney General Eric Holder told Sen. Feingold at that June 2009 hearing that they had asked the Office of Legal Counsel to review the opinions , and to release them publicly to the extent possible . “ It is my hope that that process , which is ongoing , will lead to the release of several opinions in a relatively short period of time . ”
In an October 2009 response ( pdf , at p. 11 ) to a follow-up question for the record , the Department of Justice told Sen. Feingold that “ the review processes described in your question are still ongoing . ”
In a March 2010 response ( pdf , at p. 23 ) to the same question , DOJ said “ The Department is still conducting its review… . No one in the Department has made any affirmative decision about the treatment of the OLC opinions . ”
Well , “ What is the status of that review ? When will it be complete ? ” asked Sen. Feingold yet again , following an April 2010 hearing .
In a December 2010 response ( pdf , at pp . 29-30 ) that has just been published , DOJ repeated that “ The Department is still conducting its review , and will work with you and your staff to provide a better sense regarding the timing of the completion of the review. ” ( at pp . 29-30 )
But a review that continues indefinitely is practically indistinguishable from no review at all . And since Senator Feingold has now left the Senate , the Department will not be working with them and their staff to resolve this issue . All that remains is the Senator 's warning about the hazards of embracing “ unsupportable claims of executive power . ”
Update : On March 18 , 2011 the Justice Department released a heavily redacted version of a May 2004 OLC opinion on warrantless surveillance in response to an ACLU FOIA lawsuit .
I 've been up all night and am as surprised as most people at the results . Whatever you think of Donald Trump or their positions on other issues , it has to be said that the American people have elected someone who has made repeated promises to revolutionize immigration policies so they first serve the interests of American workers and the quality-of-life desires of regular American citizens of all ethnicities .
That is pretty extraordinary .
It is 4:30 a.m. Wednesday morning . What do you most want to hear from me when you begin starting your Day After Election Day ?
After a night of listening to constant cable commentator bloviating , how about a simple breakfast of looking at what the election winner promised us voters if they would be allowed to hold the office ? ( See the sections below . )
I know that many of you who voted for Trump had a lot of reservations , and that others of you basically liked their immigration promises but could n't stand the rest of the package and voted for somebody else . And still others of you are ecstatic at the election results , almost beyond the bounds of belief .
NumbersUSA never endorses , so we did n't endorse Trump or anybody else . But we did keep track of everybody 's promises on immigration .
I started NumbersUSA in 1996 largely to educate on the need for the recommendations of the bi-partisan U.S. Commission on Immigration , chaired by civil rights icon Barbara Jordan . Remarkably , 20 years later , Donald Trump became the first nominee to finally embrace most of that commission 's ideas about immigration policies that would be fair to the average American worker , particularly those with the least resources .
HERE ARE THE PROMISES THAT WE SHOULD EXPECT TRUMP TO KEEP
TWO OVERALL POLICY GOALS
1 . Fewer foreign workers / less immigration
2 . More enforcement .
For decades , every poll has failed to find much more than 10-15 % of voters who wanted annual legal immigration to increase . Yet , Congress continually raised the level from 250,000 a year in the 1950s and 1960s to a million a year and more since 1990 .
A CIS poll of likely voters over the weekend found the majority want legal immigration reduced by at least half to 500,000 or less .
Trump shocked a lot of journalists by identifying with that sentiment in the summer of 2015 and again in their big Phoenix immigration speech in September this year .
But reducing legal immigration will primarily depend on Republican congressional leaders carrying the ball , and on anywhere from a handful to a dozen Democratic Senators refusing to kill the cuts through filibuster .
We will do all we can to mobilize the 6 million-plus members of our NumbersUSA Action Network to press the Trump Administration and Congress to eliminate immigration categories that fail to serve any national interests : chain migration , the visa lottery , permanent low-skill and non-extraordinary-skilled workers .
Trump has shown interest in reducing or eliminating all of those categories .
REFUGEES
Trump would continue refugee resettlement at more traditional lower numbers than the Obama Administration has sought and would emphasize a higher priority on helping more refugees in their home regions .
During Trump 's Phoneix , AZ speech in August 2016 they advocated for creating safe zones for refugees instead of permanently resettling them in the U.S. : `` For the price of resettling one refugee in the United States , 12 could be resettled in a safe zone in their home region . Which I agree with 100 percent . We have to build safe zones . ''
Trump has also said they will end the practice of forcing refugee resettlement on local communities against their wishes .
HIGHER SKILL IMMIGRANTS
Trump has been inconsistent in their statements on this category of permanent immigration and temporary visas . They have promised to tackle abuses in the H-1B visas but they have also talked about having a lot more merit-based immigration .
We will keep a close eye on whether they veer toward the interests of employers over the aspirations of American workers and students with the same education and skills as the proposed `` merit '' immigrants .
VISA OVERSTAYERS
Trump has spoken especially harshly against tourists and others who have the financial means to vacation and study in the United States and then violate the promises of their visa , refusing to return home and illegally taking U.S. jobs .
During Trump 's Phoneix , AZ speech in August 2016 they said , `` we will finally complete the biometric entry-exit visa tracking system which we need desperately . For years Congress has required biometric entry-exit visa tracking systems , but it has never been completed . ''
CRIMINAL ALIENS
This was a signature issue of Trump 's . This is the one place we can expect some kind of mass deportation -- of foreign citizens who have been convicted of crimes in this country .
Trump has promised to use the threat of cutting funds to sanctuary cities to persuade them to stop releasing criminal aliens onto the nation 's streets .
He 's also indicated they will use the power of cutting off visas to 23-plus countries that refuse to take back their citizens that the U.S. wants to deport because of their criminal activity .
NO MORE U.S. JOBS FOR ILLEGAL FOREIGN WORKERS -- MANDATORY E-VERIFY
Trump and their team recognize that the ability to illegally obtain jobs is the primary magnet for illegal immigration . They have repeatedly endorsed the E-Verify system as the way to turn off that magnet by requiring all employers to use the system to ensure that only legal workers can have U.S. jobs .
But a President ca n't make that happen on their own .
Presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama have all refused to encourage Congress to pass mandatory E-Verify , except as an afterthought with a giant amnesty . Successive Republican leaders of Congress have refused to pass a stand-alone E-Verify bill , saying there was no purpose since the President would veto it . Trump needs to demand an E-Verify bill on their desk in the first 100 days .
THE TRUMP PLAN FOR `` THE 11 MILLION ''
Perhaps the most inaccurately reported part of Trump 's immigration plans has to do with whether they plan to begin mass roundups and deportations of the estimated 11 million foreign citizens who have settled in this country illegally .
Many major news organizations this last week had voter guides that stated Trump 's position as advocating deportations of all of `` the 11 million . ''
Although Trump made a number of different statements about deportations back in 2015 , some of which sounded like mass deportation , they pulled back from that this year and firmly rejected it in their Phoenix immigration speech . Here were the points that drew from that speech :
1 . Trump does not support mass roundups and deportation of non-criminal illegal aliens .
2 . Trump does promise mass deportation of criminal aliens .
3 .. All the rest -- the non-criminal illegal aliens -- will be subject to the immigration laws passed by Congress and on the books , which means that if they encounter federal law enforcement they are subject to removal proceedings . The difference here is that Trump promises to enforce those laws which the previous four Administrations have not .
4 . The reality is that most of the existing foreign citizens living illegally in the U.S. will likely be able to remain in the U.S. for some time , albeit without legal status , because few will run into a situation that puts them into removal proceedings .
5 . BUT . . . under Trump , those illegal aliens who remain will be less likely to be able to illegally hold U.S. jobs , since Trump 's plan calls for working with Congress to pass mandatory E-Verify for every employer so that payroll jobs are filled only by American workers and legal immigrants .
6 . Once all of Trump 's 10-Step enforcement plan is implemented , they are open to considering ideas for the remaining illegal aliens who have special claims for leniency .
7 . Illegal aliens who want to speed up the process for themselves can return to their home country and apply for legal entry through the normal process . Spouses of U.S. citizens , for example , could apply through a category that already exists without a numerical cap for spouses of U.S. citizens .
This position regarding `` the 11 million '' is in keeping with what Trump said should be the main question : What to do FOR struggling American workers . The key aspect of this plan in the short term is NOT about punishing non-criminal illegal aliens but about removing the primary harm they pose for Americans , that being the economic harm to struggling Americans by being allowed to take jobs .
I continue to be asked by reporters who do see the shift from mass deportation if this is n't just Mitt Romney 's `` self-deportation . '' I tell them it is n't , because the prime purpose of this policy is not to force non-criminal illegal aliens to leave but to keep them from economically harming American workers -- and to take away the incentive for millions more illegal foreign workers to overstay their visas and illegally cross the border to steal jobs and wages from struggling Americans .
MAJOR CHANGES BUT NOT MAJOR DISRUPTIONS
A lot of commentators the last several days have whipped up near hysteria in some quarters with warnings of big changes that will create big disruptions in the lives of various communities if Trump were to be allowed to pursue their immigration goals .
As much as I hope a pre . Trump moves quickly for changes in policy , I also know that many of those changes will take time , especially the ones requiring congressional action .
I prefer to see steady change over abrupt potentially disruptive change that happens too quickly .
We at NumbersUSA promise our assistance to President-Elect Trump , as we did to Presidents Obama and Bush , both of whom largely spurned our offer . We will exercise some degree of patience with the practicalities of moving forward with all of Mr. Trump 's promises , but we will also constantly be sure to remind them and their Administration to steadily work toward fulfilling those promises .
Next month , NumbersUSA celebrates the 20th anniversary of its founding and the 20th year after Barbara Jordan 's death and the failure of Congress to act on their Commission 's recommendations . The American worker has waited long enough for the economically fair immigration system that Jordan and their Commission envisioned for America . As dawn threatens to break through this long night , I 'm excited about the prospects .
THANK YOU IN ADVANCE FOR ALL WE WILL DO TOGETHER TO BRING ABOUT THE COMPASSIONATE POLICIES THAT HAVE BEEN THE OBJECT OF OUR STRUGGLE FOR THE LAST 20 YEARS ,
ROY BECK is President & Founder of NumbersUSA
Lance Armstrong waves to the crowd after the sign-in ceremony before the start of the 2004 Tour de France . ( Photo11 : Robert Deutsch , USA TODAY Sports ) Story Highlights Lance Armstrong plans to make an admission about doping in an interview with Oprah Winfrey .
Armstrong plans to admit to doping but will not get into specifics , a source said .
An admission by Armstrong could affect their lifetime ban .
Lance Armstrong plans to make an admission about doping in an interview with Oprah Winfrey scheduled to tape Monday at their home in Austin , a person with knowledge of the situation said .
In the interview , which is scheduled to air Thursday on the Oprah Winfrey Network , the famed cyclist plans to admit to doping throughout their career but probably will not get into great detail about specific cases and events , the person said . The person spoke to USA TODAY Sports on the condition of anonymity because the person was not authorized to speak publicly about it .
Armstrong , 41 , has strenuously denied doping for years , often attacking their accusers as liars and arming themselves with high-priced attorneys to fight charges that they used performance-enhancing drugs and blood transfusions to gain an edge throughout their cycling career . But things changed for them after the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency released a massive amount of evidence that showed otherwise in October . Since then , their sponsors dropped them and Armstrong was forced to step down from Livestrong , the cancer-fighting charity they founded .
Armstrong 's planned admission carries with it the risk of being sued or held liable by those who believe they defrauded them by lying about their performance and use of drugs . They also could face criminal prosecution , though that seems unlikely . For example , Armstrong testified under oath in 2005 that they never used such drugs , but they are not likely to face criminal charges for perjury because the testimony is beyond the statute of limitations .
After keeping a low profile since October , Armstrong has various possible motives to confess . A big one is their ongoing concern that the controversy might start hurting Livestrong . Another is the icy reception he 's received in the media and public in the face of overwhelming evidence that they not only lied for years to deny their involvement in doping , but attacked other cyclists who cooperated with anti-doping officials .
Their admission will not bring them back to competition anytime soon . Having been banned for life and stripped of their seven titles in the Tour de France , Armstrong would have to provide substantial assistance to doping officials before they could have their eligibility reinstated . If they provided new information about cheating in the sport , they could have their ban reduced to no less than eight years , according to the World Anti-Doping Agency code . It 's also possible that WADA and USADA could reach an agreement to reduce the ban further , depending on their information and cooperation .
An investigation is underway in Europe to explore Armstrong 's relationship with the International Cycling Union ( UCI ) , and how UCI might have enabled or aided Armstrong 's doping ring . If Armstrong provided assistance to that investigation , it likely would be considered in reducing their ban .
An attorney for Armstrong did n't immediately respond to a message seeking comment .
PHOTOS : LANCE ARMSTRONG THROUGH THE YEARS
Izvor : Tanjug / Dragan Kujundžić
Poslanička grupa Srpske napredne stranke ( SNS ) u Skupštini Srbije podnela je nekoliko amandmana na budžet za narednu godinu koji predviđaju smanjenje plata zaštitnika građana Saše Jankovića i poverenika za informacije od javnog značaja Rodoljuba Šabića , izjavio je šef te grupe Aleksandar Martinović . Premijer Vučić rekao da je protiv toga .
`` Mi smo smatrali da u vreme kada cela država štedi da bi našoj deci i građanima Srbije bilo bolje , ima logike da štede Saša Janković i Rodoljub Šabić i mi smo opredelili da ta sredstva idu u humanitarne svrhe , odnosno u Fond za lečenje bolesne dece u inostranstvu '' , kazao je Martinović u Skupštini Srbije .
On je ocenio da je sasvim legitimno tražiti smanjenje njihovih plata kada svi štede - i penzioneri i zaposleni u javnoj administraciji .
`` Plata Jankovića je oko 400.000 i on ceo Božiji dan u radno vreme tvituje i šeta kučiće , pa je malo kandidat za predsednika , pa malo nije , pa se sastaje sa jednim drugim kandidatom za predsednika '' , kazao je Martinović .
Vučić : Predložiću da ne usvoje
Vučić je , odgovarajući na pitanje novinara u Skupštini , rekao da je mišljenja da amandmani ne bi trebalo da budu usvojeni .
Kako je naveo , njihova plata je veća i tri , četiri puta od plate predsednika , koji ima , kako je istakao , važniju funkciju . Ali , s obzirom na to da imamo direktore javnih preduzeća koji imaju dva puta veću platu od njih , i deset od predsednika države , taj problem mora sistemski da bude rešen , naveo je .
Vučić je rekao da će poslanicima SNS predložiti da ne usvoje amandmane , čiji su i predlagači , i dodao da se nada da će uvažiti njegovo mišljenje .
Detaljnije u prilogu Đorđa Naskovića :
00:00 Izvor : N1
Gostujući u Novom danu N1 poslanica SNS Marija Obradović je , komentarišući zahtev za smanjenjem plata , istakla da smatra da `` građanima smeta plata Jankovića '' .
Šabić : Pravo je poslanika da predlažu amandmane , ali ...
Izvor : N1
Poverenik za informacije od javnog značaja Rodoljub Šabić za N1 kaže da je pravo svakog poslanika da predlaže amandmane , ali dodaje da njegova plata nije regulisana zakonom o budžetu .
`` Ti propisi predviđaju da zaštitnik građana ima pravo na platu u visini plate predsednika Ustavnog suda , dok su mesečna primanja poverenika jednaka primanjima sudije Vrhovnog suda '' , rekao je Šabić .
Plate Rodoljuba Šabića i zaštitnika građana Saše Jankovića regulisane su posebnim zakonima o ombudsmanu i slobodnom pristupu informacijama od javnog značaja .
Opozicija : Amandmani su populizam i kampanja
Pojedini poslanici opozicije u Skupštini Srbije ocenili su danas da su amandmani populizam , dok je poslanik Muamer Zukorlić rekao da će glasati za te amandmane ako prođu potrebnu proceduru .
Samostalna poslanica u Skupštini Srbije Sanda Rašković Ivić ocenila je da amandmani SNS-a koji se odnosi na smanjenje plata zaštitnika građana i poverenika za informacije od javnog značaja predstavljaju najnižu vrstu populizma .
`` To je jedan od dokaza da su ušli u kampanju i da govore o platama ljudi koji im nisu po volji , a da ne govore o platama onih koji su im po volji '' , rekla je ona i navela primer plate guvernerke Narodne banke Srbije Jorgovanke Tabaković .
Sanda Rašković Ivić rekla je da guvernerka ima platu koja je jednaka platama devet lekara specijalista .
Marko Đurišić iz Socijaldemokratske stranke ocenio je da su amandmani SNS-a `` besmisleni '' i da ne mogu biti podneti .
`` Očigledno je to deo kampanje za predsedničke izbore '' , naveo je đurišić i dodao da je cilj da se kroz razgovor o visokim platama oni diskredituju .
`` Teško mi je da nađem racionalne reči da bih odgovorio na tu vrstu amandmana '' , rekao je Đurišić .
Poslanik vladajuće koalicije Muamer Zukorlić rekao je da će podržati stav vladajuće većine jer joj pripada .
On je rekao da će predlog SNS-a doći pred nadležni odbor i da će amandman ući u proceduru ako je validan .
`` Ako sve to zadovolji , ja ću ga podržati '' , kazao je Zukorlić i dodao da je `` pred izazovom da bude negativan '' kada je reč o Saši Jankoviću i da je njegovo iskustvo negativno kako u poslednje tri nedelje , tako i iz 2010. godine .
Kada je reč o institucijama zaštitnika građana i poverenika , Zukorlić je kazao da je uloga tih institucija nesporna , ali da je , pošto postoje već nekoliko godina , potrebna analiza koliko troše i kako su ustrojene .
`` Ne govorim o pojedincima , već o načinu rada tih institucija '' , naveo je Zukorlić .
This article covers Israel 's response to the Arab uprisings . The analysis deals with the issue of both material and immaterial political actions of the Israeli political leadership . A theoretical approach based on “ thin rationalism ” —actors pursue strategies based on their preferences—encompassing orthodox and heterodox schools of thought of International Relations ( Neo-Realism , Institutionalism , Liberalism and a Copenhagen School-inspired concept of international securitization ) is developed and applied to the case . The article contributes to the solution of a research puzzle . On the one hand , Israel 's material political action followed a watching-and-waiting approach , as Israel refrained from actively interfering in the domestic affairs of Arab countries highly affected by the Arab uprisings . On the other hand , in terms of political communication , major executive branches of the Israeli state pursued a harsh policy : the “ Arab Spring ” was presented to the global public as a dangerous threat to Israel 's security . Major results at the empirical level are that Israel—seen through the spectacles of the three orthodox schools of thought—was never seriously threatened by the Arab uprisings , which contributes to explaining why Israel 's material policy was rather equanimous . At the same time , the harsh Israeli policy at the level of political communication is made sense of as a policy that added to Israel 's attempts to legitimize its occupation of Palestine toward the ( Western-dominated ) international community . At the theoretical level , further application of the securitization approach aimed at the international level is encouraged . This article is published as part of a collection on analyzing security complexes in a changing Middle East .
This image displays a global distribution of 45 hotspots including Iceland .
The geology of Iceland is unique and of particular interest to geologists . Iceland lies on the divergent boundary between the Eurasian plate and the North American plate . It also lies above a hotspot , the Iceland plume . The plume is believed to have caused the formation of Iceland itself , the island first appearing over the ocean surface about 16 to 18 million years ago . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] The result is an island characterized by repeated volcanism and geothermal phenomena such as geysers .
The eruption of Laki in 1783 caused much devastation and loss of life , leading to a famine that killed approximately 25 % of the island 's human population [ 3 ] and resulting in a drop in global temperatures , as sulfur dioxide was spewed into the Northern Hemisphere . This caused crop failures in Europe and may have caused droughts in India . The eruption has been estimated to have killed over six million people globally , [ 4 ] making it one of the deadliest volcanoes , with Tambora being number one . [ citation needed ]
In the period from 1963 to 1967 , the new island of Surtsey was created on the southwest coast by a volcanic eruption .
Geologic history [ edit ]
The Opening of the North Atlantic and The Origin of Iceland [ edit ]
Since Iceland is located atop the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , some scientists believe the hotspot beneath Iceland could have contributed to the rifting of Pangaea and the subsequent formation of the Northern Atlantic Ocean because igneous rocks found on both sides of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge originating from the hotspot beneath Iceland originated 57-53 million years ago ( around the time North America and Eurasia separate and sea floor spreading initiates in the Northeast Atlantic ) . [ 5 ] Geologists can ascertain some information about plate motion relative to the Iceland hotspot by examining igneous rocks throughout the Northern Atlantic region because certain rocks attributable to hot spot volcanism can be interpreted as volcanic traces left by the Iceland hotspot . [ 5 ] By assuming hotspots ' locations do not change with time , Geologists use what is called the `` hotspot frame of reference '' to gather plate motion estimates , so they can create maps depicting plates moving on the surface of the earth relative to a stationary hotspot .
Most work discussing plate motion agrees that the Iceland hotspot was probably located beneath Greenland for a period of time . As the North Atlantic Ocean continued to spread apart during this time period , Greenland was located to the southeast of the Iceland hotspot and likely moved over it from around ~70-40 million years ago . [ 6 ] Some research using new plate motion data gathered from hotspot reference frames from around the world suggests that the Iceland hotspot 's path differs from older investigations . Many older rocks ( dated 75-70 million years ago ) located throughout the area to the west are not only located near hypothesized Iceland hotspot paths , but also attributable to hotspot volcanism , which implies a plausible case for the Iceland hotspot being much older than the earliest rifting of what is now the northernmost Northeast Atlantic . If such a hypothesis is true , then much of the rifting in the North Atlantic was likely caused by thinning and bulging of the crust as opposed to more direct influence by the mantle plume that sustains the Iceland hotspot . [ 5 ]
In other scientific work regarding the path of the Iceland hotspot , no such westward track toward Canada ( where the asupervisorstioned older igneous rocks exist ) can be detected , which implies that the older igneous rocks found in the Northern Atlantic may not have originated from the hotspot . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Although the exact path of the Iceland hotspot is debated , a preponderance of geophysical evidence such as the geothermal heat flux over Greenland shows that the hotspot likely moved below Greenland from ~80-50 million years ago . [ 7 ]
Around ~60-50 million years ago when Iceland was located near the eastern coast of Greenland and the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , volcanism , which could have been generated by the Iceland hotspot , connected the Eurasian and North American continents and formed a land bridge between the continents while they spread apart ; this feature is known as the Greenland Scotland Transverse Ridge , and it now lies below sea level . [ 8 ] Approximately 36 million years ago , the Iceland hotspot was fully in contact with the oceanic crust and possibly fed segments of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge which continued to form the oldest rocks located directly to the east and west of modern-day Iceland . The oldest subaerial rocks in modern-day Iceland are from 16.5 million years ago . [ 5 ] [ 8 ]
Although most scientists believe Iceland is capable of being an island because it is both in contact with a mantle plume and being actively split apart by the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , some other convincing seismological and geophysical evidence calls the previously discussed mantle plume/hotspot assumption into question . Some geologists believe there is not enough definitive evidence to suggest a mantle plume exists beneath Iceland because sea floor heat flow through the lithosphere surrounding Iceland does not deviate from normal oceanic lithosphere heat flow that is uninfluenced by a plume . [ 9 ] This cold crust hypothesis directly opposes the idea that Iceland is located beneath a hot mantle plume . Additional evidence indicates that seismic waves created under Iceland behave differently than expected based on other seismic surveys near hypothesized mantle plumes . [ 10 ] Given how complex the geology of the Northeast Atlantic is , more research must be done to fully understand the geologic nature of Iceland . Given the fact it is one of the only places sea floor spreading can be observed on land and the fact that there is evidence for a mantle plume , the early geological history of Iceland will likely remain a hot area of research .
Glaciations [ edit ]
Glacier extent
Nunataks and ice free areas
Interglacials
Tuyas and subcanism
Holocene changes and volcanism [ edit ]
Rock types [ edit ]
Volcanic deposits [ edit ]
Tholeiitic volcanic series
Alkalic volcanic series
Hyaloclastite
Tephras and ash
Intrusive rocks [ edit ]
Dikes
Sills
Plutons
Sedimentary deposits [ edit ]
One of the rare examples of sedimentary rocks in Iceland is the sequence of marine and non-marine sediments present on the Tjörnes Peninsula in northern Iceland . These Pliocene and late Pleistocene deposits are composed of silt and sandstones , with fossils preserved in the lower layers . [ 11 ] The primary fossil types found in the Tjörnes beds are marine mollusk shells and plant remains ( lignite ) .
Vegetational changes
Past climate
Origin of the strata
Fossil preservation
Active tectonics [ edit ]
The tectonic structure of Iceland is characterized by various seismically and volcanically active centers . Iceland is bordered to the south by the Reykjanes Ridge segment of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge and to the north by the Kolbeinsey Ridge . Rifting in the southern part of Iceland is focused in two main parallel rift zones . The Reykjanes Peninsula Rift in SW Iceland is the landward continuation of the Reykjanes Ridge that connects to the Western Volcanic Zone ( WVZ ) . The more active Eastern Volcanic Zone ( EVZ ) represents a rift jump , although it is unclear how the eastward propagation of the main rifting activity has occurred . [ 12 ] The offset between the WVZ and the EVZ is accommodated by the South Iceland Seismic Zone , an area characterized by high earthquake activity . The EVZ transitions northward into the Northern Volcanic Zone ( NVZ ) , which contains Krafla volcano . The NVZ is connected to the Kolbeinsey Ridge by the Tjörnes Fracture Zone , another major center of seismicity and deformation .
Glacial geology [ edit ]
Glaciers cover approximately 11 % of Iceland , the largest of which being Vatnajökull . As many glaciers overlie active volcanoes , subglacial eruptions can pose hazards due to sudden floods produced by glacial meltwater , known as jökulhlaups . Icelandic glaciers have generally been retreating over the past 100 years , with Vatnajökull having lost as much as 10 % of its volume . [ 13 ]
Human impact and natural catastrophes [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Skellig Michael , off the coast of Kerry , has been the site of both The Force Awakens and its sequel , the as-yet untitled Episode VIII .
However , it would seem that Kerry has n't seen the last of Star Wars and Lucasfilm as reports today suggest that crews are scouting the cliffs of Ceann Sibeal on the Dingle pennisula and have signed local landowners up to faciliate filming in 2016 . As you 'd expect , landowners declined to comment and cited non-disclosure agreements , however it 's understood that filming on Ceann Scibeal will require a permit issued by the Department of Arts , Heritage and the Gaeltacht .
Ceann Sibeal is an EU-designated Special Protection Area with colonies of chough , fulmar and peregrine falcon nested on the cliffs . As with Skellig Michael , an environmental impact assessment will have to take place for filming can be signed off on , however filming took place previously on two separate occasions in 2015 without incident .
As for what role Ceann Sibeal has remains to be seen . It 's widely rumoured that Skellig Michael 's monastic settlement doubled as the hiding place of Luke Skywalker ala Yoda on Dagobah in The Empire Strikes Back . Mark Hamill was a regular sight in Kerry during filming there . It 's suggested that Ceann Sibeal might be another location in that same planet , however we wo n't know anything for definite until 2018 .
In fact , we do n't even know if this is more filming for Episode VIII or Episode IX - so it 's all rumours at this stage .
Via RTE
By Rick Reeno
Kevin Cunningham , trainer of former two division world champion Devon Alexanders , would welcome a crossroads fight with fellow former champ Andre Berto .
Both fighters are looking to bounce back from their defeats in 2013 . Alexander ( 25-2 , 14KOs ) lost a twelve unanimous round decision , and their IBF welterweight crown , to Shawn Porter last December . Berto ( 28-3 , 22KOs ) lost a twelve round decision to Robert Guerrero in 2012 , and then came back in July of 2013 and was knocked out in the twelfth round of an action-packed fight with Jesus Soto-Karass .
Other than Berto , Cunningham would like to see a St. Louis grudge match with Zab Judah . In 2005 , before a crowd of over 20,000 in St Louis , Judah captured the unified welterweight crown by knocking out Cory Spinks in the ninth round . Spinks are also trained by Cunningham , who feels an Alexander-Judah fight would do big business in the St. Louis area .
`` They can call [ Alexander-Berto ] - `` Crossroads '' ... meet me at the crossroads . If I had a choice for Devon 's next fight , it would be Zab Judah in St. Louis or Berto anywhere . Those are the two fights that would make a lot of sense for Devon . We have to see what [ adviser ] Al [ Haymon ] and [ Golden Boy CEO ] Richard [ Schaefer ] come up with . If it was up to me , that would be the two guys we would be looking at , '' Cunningham told BoxingScene.com .
Judah was 0-2 in 2013 , with decision losses to Danny Garcia and Paulie Malignaggi .
New Occupation At Mississippi Entrance To Dakota Access Pipeline
Above photo : ( LtoR ) Mary Beth Valenta , Jessica Reznicek , Cheryl Valenta , Aaron Valenta and Brenda Konx
Call to Occupy 24/7 Dakota Access pipeline Mississippi entrance … join Jessica Reznicek , bring your tent and nonviolently shut it down !
Jessica Reznicek out of jail and is now starting a “ 24/7 ” occupation of the Dakota Access pipeline Mississippi entrance just north of Keokuk IA .
DM Catholic Worker Jess Reznicek was arrested twice earlier this week for blocking traffic at this Dakota Access pipeline entrance on the Mississippi .
SEE : Aug. 30 , 2016 1st Arrest : Jessica Reznicek , DM Catholic Worker arrested at Dakota Access pipeline in Keokuk IA calling for others to join her .. https : //www.facebook.com/ frank.cordaro/posts/ 10157381815915181 ? pnref=sto ry
Sept 1 , 2016 2nd Arrest : Jessica Reznicek 's ' 2nd arrest at the Dakota Access pipeline Mississippi River entrance , in jail tonight , see 's Judge tomorrow… https : //www.facebook.com/ frank.cordaro/posts/ 10157392964340181 ? pnref=sto ry
In hopes to get more people to join her , Jess changed their presence from blocking traffic in and out of the site to setting up their tent and starting a 24 hr / 7 days a week occupation of the entrance .
DIRECTIONS :
The Address is 3333 Great ( Mississippi ) River Road , Montrose .
Google Map : https : //goo.gl/maps/ GtoFsNNBJX42
Take 218 S to Keokuk Exit 18 and head toward Montrose . Jessica is camped out 4 miles south of Montrose and one mile north of Sandusky on Mississippi River Road . It 's on the right ( west side ) if coming from the north . GPS coordinates are is N 40 28.267/ W 091 22.406 if that 's helpful . All of the entrances to DA work sites have big multi-colored flags and Access Road Signs – it 's Access number 35 ! Jess ' phone number is
515-306-1530 , Franks is 515 – 490-2490
Below link to 35 photos of Jess 's return to Dakota Access pipeline Mississippi river entrance . Jess was accompanied by 3 women activists , Mary Beth Valenta , Cheryl Valenta , Aaron Valenta from 100 Grannies in Iowa City and by local pipeline activist Brenda Knox . The slide shows Jess and their four women supporters retaking the Mississippi pipeline entrance yesterday afternoon around 2 p.m . It shows the five women allowing traffic in and out of the site all the while Dakota Access security people filming the effort . The women made prayer lines waiting for police . The police arrive and help negotiate a safe place for Jess to set up their tent next to the entrance , off to the side on private property . Later that evening Jess got permission from the property owner to set their tent up and welcomes others to join them in the same nonviolent spirit .
https : //www.flickr.com/ photos/ frank_cordaro_and_the_dm_ca tholic_worker/albums/ 72157673403572795
If you are able to please come to the Mississippi river , bring your tent and your spirit of nonviolence and help shut this place down ..
For more info and updates contact :
Frank Cordaro
515 490 2490
frank.cordaro @ gmail.com
https : //www.facebook.com/ frank.cordaro
Des Moines Catholic Worker
http : // dmcatholicworker.org/
—–
An introduction to Jessica Reznicek in their own words . Links to 10 via pacis articles by Jess between March 2012 and July 2015 .
http : // just.dmcatholicworker.org/
On Dec 27 , 2015 Jessica Reznicek earned the name “ Hammer of Justice ” Below links tell why…
“ Why I acted ” Hammer of Justice Jessica Reznicek 's statement from Sarpy County Jail , Jan 11 , 2016
http : // www.nukeresister.org/2016/ 01/16/ from-the-sarpy-county-jail- by-jessica-reznicek-why-i- acted/
“ Jailed peace activist prepares for trial , plans to put Northrop Grumman in hot seat ” by Amber Williams , Via Pacis , April 2016
https : //www.facebook.com/ frank.cordaro/posts/ 10157395682565181 ? pnref=sto ry
“ Sometimes Nothing Can Be A Real Cool Hand : Jessica Reznicek appeals to jury with Cool Hand Luke defense on trial in Nebraska ” by Frank Cordaro , Via Pacis , July 16 , 2016
https : //www.facebook.com/ frank.cordaro/posts/ 10157395693545181
There 's no science to coming up with a good comic idea , even though we 've pushed the idea of a magical formula in the past . Inspiration can come from anywhere , and this week 's comic was inspired by my wife 's toothpaste tube of all things . When your toothpaste promises it will give you 25 % stronger enamel , how can you refuse ? Then I dug through our pantry and realized that this kind of on-product advertising was pretty common . I 'm not talking about just health conscious advertising because everything advertises low calories , fat-free , no suger , etc . I 'm talking about other benefits , like my cereal that says it improves attentiveness by 20 % , or my Nesquik that says it helps build strong bones . For an RPG fan , those stat improvements are too much to resist !
Taking Tim 's idea about putting exciting labels on products led to the idea of creating a standardized labeling system on foods targeted towards kids . It would replace the boring “ nutrition facts ” on the back ( no kid wants to look at that ) and provide incentive as to why they would want to eat something . Think about it , kids will do the most boring thing over and over again in a video game just to let their character gain stats in a certain area , so why not apply the same logic to Spinach ?
Dark Horse Holiday Gift Guide 2018 ! We 've got something for every character on your list ! Check out this year 's ...
11-19-2018
Dark Horse and CD Projekt Red Further Explore the World of `` The Witcher '' Dark Horse and CD PROJEKT RED are excited to flesh out the world of The ...
09-18-2018
Dark Horse and CD Projekt Red Present `` The Witcher Library Edition '' The Witcher fans rejoice ! Dark Horse and CD PROJEKT RED are making it easier ...
05-17-2018
Toy Fair 2018 : Dark Horse and CD Projekt Red Expand `` The Witcher '' Product Line Ahead of International Toy Fair 2018 , Dark Horse Deluxe and CD PROJEKT RED ...
02-16-2018
NYCC 2017 : Dark Horse Announces New York Comic Con 2017 Exclusives Dark Horse is proud to announce its selection of exclusive merchandise ...
09-26-2017
Leave Your Mark on the World of the Witcher Dark Horse is proud to announce The Witcher as the latest addition to our ...
08-01-2017
A balance board accessory for a popular video game console can help people with multiple sclerosis ( MS ) reduce their risk of accidental falls , according to new research published online in the journal Radiology . Magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scans showed that use of the Nintendo Wii Balance Board system appears to induce favorable changes in brain connections associated with balance and movement .
Balance impairment is one of the most common and disabling symptoms of MS , a disease of the central nervous system in which the body 's immune system attacks the protective sheath around nerve fibers . Physical rehabilitation is often used to preserve balance , and one of the more promising new tools is the Wii Balance Board System , a battery-powered device about the size and shape of a bathroom scale . Users stand on the board and shift their weight as they follow the action on the television screen during games like slalom skiing .
While Wii balance board rehabilitation has been reported as effective in patients with MS , little is known about the underlying physiological basis for any improvements in balance .
Researchers recently used an MRI technique called diffusion tensor imaging ( DTI ) to study changes in the brains of 27 MS patients who underwent a 12-week intervention using Wii balance board-based visual feedback training . DTI is a non-conventional MRI technique that allows detailed analysis of the white matter tracts that transmit nervous signals through the brain and body .
MRI scans of the MS patients showed significant effects in nerve tracts that are important in balance and movement . The changes seen on MRI correlated with improvements in balance as measured by an assessment technique called posturography .
These brain changes in MS patients are likely a manifestation of neural plasticity , or the ability of the brain to adapt and form new connections throughout life , according to lead author Luca Prosperini , M.D. , Ph.D. , from Sapienza University in Rome , Italy .
“ The most important finding in this study is that a task-oriented and repetitive training aimed at managing a specific symptom is highly effective and induces brain plasticity , ” they said . “ More specifically , the improvements promoted by the Wii balance board can reduce the risk of accidental falls in patients with MS , thereby reducing the risk of fall-related comorbidities like trauma and fractures . ”
Dr. Prosperini noted that similar plasticity has been described in persons who play video games , but the exact mechanisms behind the phenomenon are still unknown . They hypothesized that changes can occur at the cellular level within the brain and may be related to myelination , the process of building the protective sheath around the nerves .
The rehabilitation-induced improvements did not persist after the patients discontinued the training protocol , Dr. Prosperini said , most likely because certain skills related to structural changes to the brain after an injury need to be maintained through training .
“ This finding should have an important impact on the rehabilitation process of patients , suggesting that they need ongoing exercises to maintain good performance in daily living activities , ” Dr. Prosperini said .
Notes about this multiple sclerosis research
“ Multiple Sclerosis : Changes in Microarchitecture of White Matter Tracts after Training with a Video Game Balance Board. ” Collaborating with Dr. Prosperini were Fulvia Fanelli , M.D. , Nikolaos Petsas , M.D. , Ph.D. , Emilia Sbardella , M.D. , Ph.D. , Francesca Tona , M.D. , Eytan Raz , M.D. , Deborah Fortuna , M.S. , Floriana De Angelis , M.D. , Carlo Pozzilli , M.D. , Ph.D. , and Patrizia Pantano , M.D .
Contact : Linda Brooks – Radiological Society of North America
Source : Radiological Society of North America press release
Image Source : The image is credited to Radiological Society of North America and is adapted from the press release
Original Research : Abstract for “ Multiple Sclerosis : Changes in Microarchitecture of White Matter Tracts after Training with a Video Game Balance Board ” by Luca Prosperini , MD , PhD , Fulvia Fanelli , MD , Nikolaos Petsas , MD , PhD , Emilia Sbardella , MD , PhD , Francesca Tona , MD , Eytan Raz , MD , Deborah Fortuna , MS , Floriana De Angelis , MD , Carlo Pozzilli , MD , PhD , and Patrizia Pantano , MD in Radiology . Published online August 26 2014 doi:10.1148/radiol.14140168
Share this Neuroscience News
9937540 FARRELL , Dr Neil - The last trip has been booked and the final run skied . Neil passed away on March 12 at age 67 . They were thankful for the relatively good health they enjoyed after receiving their terminal cancer diagnosis in April 2009 . This allowed them to embark on many farewell tours to visit family and friends , where kind words were spoken and genuine hugs given ( even from guys ) . Despite their lack of belief in any deity , to be told by so many that they were in their prayers was a great inspiration to Neil . They were very sad to leave Diane , their loving wife of 35 years . They were the proud father of Kirk ( Sarah ) of Vernon , B.C . and Todd ( Tannis ) of Toronto , and equally proud of their grandchildren Kendra , Hunter , Greydon and Avery . They are survived by their brother Brian ( Connie ) , sister Mary-Lynn ( Martin ) Steiger , and their in-laws Pete ( Colleen ) Tessier , Donald ( Helene ) Tessier and Gisele ( Jim ) Currier , as well as many nieces and nephews . Neil was born and raised in Toronto , graduated from the Faculty of Dentistry at the University of Toronto in 1968 , practised for 7 years in Ottawa and then received their Diploma in Dental Public Health from U of T in 1976 . From 1976 to 2010 they were the Director of Dental Public Services at the Middlesex-London Health Unit and also provided consulting services to the Perth and Lambton Health Units . For over 30 years they gave lectures at the UWO School of Dentistry , as well as Fanshawe College . To acknowledge the wonderful times they had skiing with family and friends , they have asked that their ashes be spread at 3 specific ski areas . There will be a Memorial Celebration of Neil 's life within 3 to 4 weeks ( details to be announced ) . In lieu of any donations , Neil has asked that people contribute to their own vacation fund and “ book another trip “ anywhere . Enjoy - and do n't forget to floss ! Share | Presented By Memory Candles ( 2 ) Light a Memory Candle Your Name Text ( maximum 150 characters ) Close Your Email is not publicly shown and is used to notify you when your submission is approved . Meizi They Neil , you will be missed dearly
Peg Prefontaine Peace Be With You . More Condolences Condolences ( 7 ) Add Condolence Send your thoughts by posting a condolence . Close All fields are required . Your Name Relation Email Your email is not publicly shown and is used to notify you when your submission is approved . Message Title Message Text Maximum of 500 Characters ( # ) To Neil 's family ,
You have my condolences in the loss of Neil in your life . Posted by Susie Noble ( co-worker ) On Wednesday , April 6 , 2011You have my condolences in the loss of Neil in your life . I work at the health unit , however never had the privilege to work closely with Neil . Still , their strong , positive personality was known pretty much by everyone . Who they are , and who they chose to be kept Neil looking life right in the eye and not letting go of that focus . That 's another reason why death is such an enemy . Only it ca n't take away all those beautiful memories imprinted and cherished in your hearts . Dr. Farrell Posted by Jennifer and Martin Petersen ( Friends from the old `` Hood '' ) On Thursday , March 24 , 2011
Thanks Dr. Farrell ... your smile is contagious and your zest for life is inspiring . I 'll toast you on my trip to Disney this summer . Neil Farrell Posted by Wendy Brandreth ( Friend ) On Saturday , March 19 , 2011
Thinking of you Diane . Dr.Neil Farrell
Although we did not know Neil very well , what we did know of them was that they were a man who enjoyed life to the fullest . They were always taking trips `` somewhere '' and seemed that they always had a smile no matter how they may have felt . We are glad to have met him , and will be sure to take their advice and `` contribute to our vacation fund '' . Thank you Neil , it was wonderful to have met you . Posted by Tina and John Whitton ( friend of son ) On Friday , March 18 , 2011Although we did not know Neil very well , what we did know of them was that they were a man who enjoyed life to the fullest . They were always taking trips `` somewhere '' and seemed that they always had a smile no matter how they may have felt . We are glad to have met him , and will be sure to take their advice and `` contribute to our vacation fund '' . Thank you Neil , it was wonderful to have met you . John and Tina Whitton DR. NEIL FARRELL
Someone once said that some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live . Neil lived life to the fullest . Recognizing that we sometimes get so caught up in our daily duties that we forget to take time to enjoy life , they taught us how to play and they urged us to book another trip before it was too late . In the end , they showed us how to face death with courage and dignity . They will always be remembered with fondness . Posted by JOHN and ELAINE LISOWSKI ( FRIENDS ) On Thursday , March 17 , 2011Someone once said that some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live . Neil lived life to the fullest . Recognizing that we sometimes get so caught up in our daily duties that we forget to take time to enjoy life , they taught us how to play and they urged us to book another trip before it was too late . In the end , they showed us how to face death with courage and dignity . They will always be remembered with fondness . CONDOLENCES
To the members of the Farrell family ; Posted by Lee/Elizabeth Beam ( Friends ) On Thursday , March 17 , 2011To the members of the Farrell family ; Neil was a wonderful husband , father and friend . They were an outstanding ambassador for dentistry throughout their career as Director of Dental Public Services at the Middlesex-London Health Unit . They enjoyed life to the fullest and had such a great sense of humour . We will miss you my friend Lee/Elizabeth Beam Taking a trip- thinking of Neil
Our deepest sympathy goes out to you and your family Diane . Fortunately our sorrow is tempered by thoguhts of the great times that we had over the years . Our thoughts and prayers are with you.Hopefully we see you when we return from Florida . Posted by Beth and Jim Jean ( friends ) On Tuesday , March 15 , 2011Our the deepest sympathy goes out to you and your family Diane . Fortunately our sorrow is tempered by thoguhts of the great times that we had over the years . Our thoughts and prayers are with you.Hopefully we see you when we return from Florida . Love - Jim and Beth
Gallery ( 1 ) Add Photos
AP Images
Seattle Sounders forward Clint Dempsey has been suspended two matches by Major League Soccer following an incident on Saturday in which they punched Toronto defender Mark Bloom in the groin area . The league officially announced the suspension on Friday :
The Disciplinary Committee hit Dempsey with a two-game suspension and and fined them an undisclosed amount for an off-the-ball incident during the Sounders ' 2-1 loss to Toronto FC last weekend in Seattle . Dempsey appeared to intentionally strike TFC defender Mark Bloom in the midsection in the 40th minute of the match ( video above ) , and although Dempsey later argued they were slapping Bloom 's hand away during the altercation , the committee ruled Dempsey used violent conduct during the incident .
The Toronto Sun 's Kurtis Larson was among the first to report the suspension :
Philly.com 's Jonathan Tannenwald adds the specifics :
Tannenwald also broke down the fairness of the suspension and mentioned their return date for the Sounders :
The incident occurred late in the first half with Seattle trailing 2-0 when a frustrated Dempsey swung their arm back , striking Bloom just below the stomach .
Here 's a look in case you missed it , via NBC Sports Network broadcast :
Credit : NBC Sports Network
Dempsey was called for a foul but not carded , as the officials missed the incident . The television cameras did not , however .
But after the match , Dempsey explained the situation , claiming they were trying to get Bloom 's hand off of their back , per ESPN FC :
I tried to hit it away and thought I was hitting their hand away . I understand that maybe I did catch them a little bit . I apologized to them about that , but for me , all I was trying to do was smack their hand from touching my back .
Although losing their most dangerous player is sure to have a negative impact over the Sounders ' next two matches , the season is still young and Dempsey 's suspension wo n't be long enough to derail their postseason hopes .
Dempsey , who signed with the club in August 2013 , has scored only two goals through their first 14 appearances in Seattle .
Seattle is currently in fifth place in the Western Conference through two games and trails the first-place Vancouver Whitecaps by only one point heading into Saturday 's showdown at Montreal .
In addition to starring for the Sounders , the 31-year-old will be looking to propel the United States men 's national team this summer at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil .
The incident with Bloom is unlikely to have any impact on Dempsey 's national team prospects moving forward . After all , they have 36 goals and over 100 career appearances under their belt over the last decade . Not to mention he 's scored goals at each of the past two World Cup tournaments .
Follow Bleacher Report Featured Columnist Patrick Clarke on Twitter .
Pat McQuaid has failed to secure a nomination from Cycling Ireland to run for a third term as president of the UCI , with an EGM of the association 's members voting in Dublin this afternoon against nominating here .
Pat McQuaid has suffered a major set-back in their campaign to retain their presidency of the UCI , with their own cycling community today voting against nominating them to run for election .
At an EGM on the matter held by Cycling Ireland in Dublin this afternoon , some 188 delegates from 60 clubs gathered to debate whether they would nominate the Irishman .
After a debate of around an hour , which was not quite as heated as many of those gathered had expected , those present voted 74 votes in favour of nominating McQuaid to contest the presidential election and 91 against , with 23 votes not cast .
The margin of 17 votes looks tight , but the contest was perhaps a little clearer cut than the figures suggest .
While the clubs gathered at the Red Cow Inn off the M50 had between two and seven votes each to cast depending on how big they are , the various commissions that make up Cycling Ireland and the board members also had 32 votes to cast between them .
Most of the commissions and board members , though not all , voted in favour of McQuaid . That trend mirrored Cycling Ireland 's supportive stance of their proposed candidacy although the federation did not attempt to tell them how to vote . It means when those figures are stripped from the ‘ yes ' vote , the clubs and members appear to have voted much more conclusively against them than the result suggests .
The EGM was called two months ago after an administrative error by the federation . When its board met in April it voted to nominate McQuaid to contest the election . However , the one board member to vote against the nomination was Anto Moran . They subsequently resigned their post , but not before lodging a complaint that the board meeting that backed McQuaid had not been chaired in accordance with the association 's rules .
This objection was upheld and the meeting and McQuaid 's nomination became void . When the board met two weeks later to reconsider the matter , such had been the backlash against the nomination that the board decided to put the matter to an EGM .
McQuaid 's efforts to get a third term in office when the election falls in September have not been derailed , but today 's verdict is very embarrassing for them and arguably weakens their campaign . McQuaid appears to have secured a nomination from Swiss Cycling to run . Because they are resident in Switzerland , from where they run the UCI , the Swiss governing body can nominate him .
There appears to have emerged differences within the board of Swiss Cycling as to whether it has actually nominated him . And while the federation in May released a statement saying it had indeed nominated him , there is also now a legal challenge to that .
Even if McQuaid goes forward to contest the election in September on the basis of the Swiss backing him , the fact members of their home federation have rejected their request for a nomination is a real blow ; sustained in public with the federations that will ultimately decide who is UCI president all looking on .
They are also now faced with contesting the election against Brian Cookson , the president of British Cycling and current UCI management committee member .
Cookson is regarded as having been a key figure in transforming British Cycling from a near-bankrupt minnow of the sport into arguably the best federation in the world . They are a serious candidate that McQuaid must overcome , assuming the Irishman secures the Swiss nomination .
However , Cookson 's recent media performances have been lack lustre and facing a forceful personality like McQuaid , the battle between the two men could not be called at this stage .
The management commission of the UCI appears to have become divided , with international reports suggesting their meetings in Norway in recent days have been heated ; another factor which has fed into the apparent growing momentum against McQuaid contesting and winning a third four-year term in office .
The 62-year-old former international bike rider and race promoter is a very experienced operator and is unlikely to go down without a fight . They were not present at today 's meeting but their son Andrew and brothers Darach and Kieron were present .
They did not address the meeting and it appeared they did not have voting rights .
We 'll have more later .
Welcome , Toronto-born Dave Bolland . Welcome , Toronto-born David Clarkson . It happened very subtly , without any bluster or grand pronouncements , kind of the way Maple Leafs GM Dave Nonis operates .
David Clarkson is one of two players born in Toronto and on the Leafs roster . ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star )
But hockey players from Ontario — especially Toronto — are back on the roster for the Maple Leafs after a time when they seemed like an endangered species in the lineup . With Bolland and Clarkson , the Leafs now have two players from Toronto and seven across Ontario on their roster : Nazem Kadri ( London ) , Jay McClement ( Kingston ) , Mark Fraser ( Ottawa ) , Paul Ranger ( Whitby ) and Trevor Smith ( Ottawa ) . Two years ago , there were times when there were no players from Ontario .
Article Continued Below
The Leafs say they take the “ best available player. ” “ Be that through the draft ( one from Ontario this year ) , by trade , or by free agency . David Bolland was an opportunity to acquire one of only eight Blackhawks who were on both Cup teams . David Clarkson was the top free agent available and fit our needs , ” said assistant GM Dave Poulin . “ Our theory is always the best available player that fits in with our direction. ” . The Leafs have been lousy at home at times , and one reason often floated is because other teams are loaded with Toronto and Ontario guys who take their game to an extra level at the Air Canada Centre to show off for friends and family in attendance .
Having local players on the Maple Leafs — ones who might burst with a tad more pride wearing Blue and White — could be the counterbalance the team needs and maybe even an advantage , said Clarkson . “ There have n't been many ( Leafs ) from the area , ” said Clarkson . “ I 'm lucky enough to play in this city where I wore that jersey as a kid . Bringing in guys from the home town is a great thing . We know what it 's about .
Article Continued Below
“ We have a lot of good hockey players in this area . It 's great to have some of us come home and play. ” It was under Brian Burke 's watch in 2011 that — for the first time in the history of the franchise — no player from Ontario was even on the team . That happened whenever Kadri got sent to the minors . Try to imagine the Montreal Canadiens without a player from Quebec . Sacrebleu . But there was nary a peep of opposition in Leaf-worshipping Toronto . The Star wrote about it . Don Cherry talked about it . Burke deftly deflected criticism , saying they did n't look at a passport when acquiring players . John Gardner , president of the GTHL , was highly critical that Burke 's Leafs did n't have many local players on them . Gardner said the lack of Toronto-born players on the Leafs is a discouragement to young players in the city . “ I do n't know what the mentality was , and what was behind it . It was crazy , ” said Gardiner , happier now that things have changed . “ From a public relations standpoint , it 's great. ” To be fair , it was Burke who laid the groundwork for the revival of the Ontario player on the Leafs , signing McClement and Mike Kostka prior to the 2012-13 season and acquiring Fraser in a trade .
What do you think ?
Looking back , it might simply have been a confluence of events . Burke liked a certain kind of player — tough guys from the West . It certainly looked to many as if Burke 's and then-coach Ron Wilson 's platform with the Maple Leafs gave them a chance to promote the growth of hockey in the U.S. by signing players from the American college ranks . Also , Wilson disdained players whom they felt had any sense of entitlement . And the players who preceded their arrival — many from Ontario like Matt Stajan and Carlo Colaiacovo — were shown the door . The message : the hero worship that comes with being Leaf could get out of control and Ontario kids were more prone to it . Picking NHL teams at random , it 's pretty hard not to find a player from Ontario on it . The province is the single-largest contributor to players on NHL rosters , with players from Toronto outpacing those from every other city . From a low of one ( Buffalo , Cody Hodgson ) to a high of 12 ( San Jose ) every NHL team had players born in this province on their current summer rosters . The norm is 4-to-6 . - The geographic makeup of the Maple Leafs now : Ontario — 7 U.S. — 5 Manitoba — 4 Alberta — 3 Quebec — 2 B.C . — 1 Saskatchewan — 1 Russia — 1 Sweden — 1 - The geographic makeup of the Maple Leafs in 2011 U.S. — 7 Alberta — 4 Saskatchewan — 4 Quebec — 2 Sweden — 2 Manitoba — 2 B.C . — 1 Russia — 1 Belarus — 1 Ontario — 1 - The Toronto Star 's Leaf page
Read more about :
For advocates of health reform , the story of the Affordable Care Act , a.k.a . Obamacare , has been a wild roller-coaster ride .
First there was the legislative drama , with reform seemingly on the edge of collapse right up to the moment of passage . Then there was the initial mess with the website — followed by incredibly good news on enrollment and costs . Now reform has hit a pothole : After several years of coming in far below predictions , premiums on covered plans have shot up by more than 20 percent .
So how bad is the picture ?
The people who have been claiming all along that reform could n't work , and have been wrong every step of the way , are , of course , claiming vindication . But they 're wrong again . The bad news is real . But so are reform 's accomplishments , which wo n't go away even if nothing is done to fix the problems now appearing . And technically , if not politically , those problems are quite easy to fix .
Health reform had two big goals : to cover the uninsured and to rein in the overall growth of health care costs — to “ bend the curve , ” in the jargon of health policy wonks . Sure enough , the fraction of Americans without health insurance has declined to its lowest level in history , while health cost growth has plunged : Since Obamacare passed Congress , private insurance costs have risen less than half as fast as they did in the previous decade , and Medicare costs have risen less than a fifth as fast .
by Clinton Tyree
Organizers from Everglades Earth First ! ( EEF ! ) invite eco-activists far and wide to join us in bringing our message to the RNC this month .
While we stand in solidarity with those who will be out struggling for social and economic justice , we also feel there is a need to contribute an action-based analysis which views the ecological crisis as a central concern for those of us struggling to change the direction of this society .
Our primary intention is to bring a message of fighting the energy empire , which controls politics in service of its own agenda . On the local front , corporate energy giants and Republican politicians have pushed to open Florida 's coast to off-shore drilling for oil and gas , permitted thousands of megawatts of new fossil fuel power plants in the state , and collaborated on plans to fuse the biotech industry with energy giants . On the national agenda , Republican politicians and lobbyists are promising industry heads support for tar sands exploration , gas fracking , coal mining and new nukes .
Most groups planning to protest the Republican National Convention next week have focused on the wealth gap and the economy in general . But the history of failed civilizations show us that economic crises begin and end with ecological crisis .
Our environmental message of protecting the planet from industrial pillage is needed here and now , more than ever .
All of us working on issues of pollution , water , development , energy , climate , greed , and the corruption that ties it all together , should be out in the streets of Tampa and St. Pete next week . ( And out to protest the Democratic Convention the following week in North Carolina , for most of the same reasons . )
EEF ! plans to have a presence throughout the RNC events . In particular , local organizers with ResistRNC.org in Tampa have called for August 30th to have a theme “ promoting Environmental efforts. ” We invite other environmental activists from across Florida and beyond to join us in taking action on this day to expose and confront the ecocidal elite .
We 'll be having an open meeting for those in South Florida wishing to discuss plans and make props for the RNC on August 22 , 5pm at the Night Heron Grassroots Activist Center .
We may also re-convene in Tampa/St . Pete on the 29th to discuss plans for the 30th , Details TBA .
We are working on a series of flyers , posters and other EF ! literature to circulate during the week . Please get in contact if you are interested to assist with producing or distributing these .
As mentioned , EEF ! plans to participate in the scheduled marches and rallies ( see list below ) , and to stay flexible for opportunities to express our solidarity with other movements and our outrage at the industrial nightmare driven by the corporate politics represented by the RNC .
Get in touch : evergladesearthfirst [ at ] gmail.com
Anti-RNC events we know abou :
All Week
Occupy Tampa and World Food Not Bombs gathering site , for food and tent space . Check here for details
Romneyville camp – All Week . Check updates here and find out how/if you can stay there
August 26th
12pm , Rally of the 99 % at Gaslight Park , Tampa ( 410 N. Franklin )
5:30pm , Kick-off Party for “ March on the RNC ” group , 719 , Arlington Ave N. St. Pete
6pm , Crashing the “ World 's Largest Cocktail Party ” , at Tropicana Field , St. Pete
August 27th
10am – 4pm , March on the RNC , starting at Perry Harvey Sr. Park , Tampa
3pm – 5:30pm , March For Our Lives , by the Poor People 's Economic Human Rights Campaign ( details TBA )
11pm – 12pm , Roving Radical Dance Party , 1800 East 8th Ave , Ybor Centennial Park
August 28th
5pm Voter Suppression Rally , at 1800 East 8th Ave , Ybor Centennial Park
Undocumented youth from the Latino community from across the state of Florida will organize hand-in-hand with African American leaders for a march against voter suppression that aims to rob the vote from communities of color . Across the country , lobby corporations like the American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) who pushed racially discriminatory laws like SB 1070 in Arizona and HB 56 in Alabama are now trying to push voter suppression laws .
August 30th
“ Shut Down Bain Capital ” Day of Action ( details TBA )
August 31st
12pm Send off for caravan leaving to march on the DNC in North Carolina ( details TBA )
A reminder from the folks at ResistRNC.org , who are calling for decentralized direct actions : “ Those skilled in war bring the enemy to the field of battle and are not brought there by him. ” -Sun Tzu , Art of War
End the Energy Empire
No Oil
No Gas
No Nukes
No Coal
No Compromise
Stop the Industrial Nightmare
-Everglades Earth First !
Advertisements
One of many jokes I see happening in EG , also why do I keep thinking there 's going to be a Disney Enchanted type ending with that brad guy ( the fandom 's nicknamed them as ) in the trailers . I just figured out which universe Twis in… the Doug universemakes sense with the coloured skin.In all seriousness I look forward to watching it even if the premise is a little strange and could mess with the shows cannon . Still I will give it a shot and enjoy it for what it is.Fluttershy and Rarity 's designs I really likeand Twilights human from has grown on me as well . : thumsup : Check out my FIM title card project [ link ] A new title card should be up by tomorrow so look out for thatUntil next deviation LATERSDrawn in Photoshop CS6 with my Wacom tabletLike ithate itits up to you not marmite
Though Netflix pulled the plug this week on House of Cards after actor Kevin Spacey admitted to sexual assault on a 14-year old , it appears that Spacey 's character Frank Underwood - a Machiavellian figure who wielded power by any means possible - may be a truer reflection of Spacey 's actual personality and behavior than many in the film industry would care to admit . Yesterday multiple cast and crew members of the now defunct Netflix series came forward to tell CNN that Spacey created a `` toxic '' atmosphere on set in which their aggressive sexual behavior was something , as one camera assistant said , `` everybody saw '' - but which few formally complained about for fear that their careers would end .
The CNN story was published the same day that yet another man has come forward to say they had a sexual relationship with Kevin Spacey at the age of 14 - which included an attempted rape - while Spacey was an adult working on Broadway . Similar to now substantiated allegations against powerful movie mogul Harvey Weinstein , the floodgate of accusations has now opened against Spacey , and it is likely that more will continue to emerge in the coming weeks . Both embattled figures , who were until very recently among the most powerful in Hollywood , now say they are `` seeking treatment '' in isolation as accusations are quickly turning into police investigations in different parts of the globe .
Kevin Spacey/WireImage via Vulture
And in the midst of this week 's fallout , it 's not only Netflix that has quickly dropped Spacey , but the International Academy of Television Arts & Sciences announced that they will not be honored at the 2017 International Emmy Founders Award , having this week revoked their reward . But also like Weinstein , who appears to have assaulted women over a period of multiple decades , Spacey 's behavior was apparently known all around Hollywood , to the point that it was referenced in a punchline in a 2005 episode of `` The Family Guy '' .
Kevin Spacey 's predatory behavior is such common knowledge in Hollywood that it was a joke on The Family Guy back in 2005. pic.twitter.com/K2yuOPZhJa — Sam Kalidi ( @ samkalidi ) October 30 , 2017
Meanwhile , the testimonies from the House of Cards cast and crew could n't be more shocking . One detailed account given to CNN from an unnamed former production assistant appears to have taken place in Maryland , near the House of Cards filming location :
The former production assistant who spoke with CNN said Spacey sexually assaulted them one afternoon when the assistant was assigned to drive to an offsite location to pick up Spacey and bring them to the `` House of Cards '' set , which is located about 30 miles outside of Baltimore . The production assistant says that when they and Spacey were just minutes away from the set and while the car was moving , Spacey , who was driving , put their hands down the production assistant 's pants . The production assistant told CNN that the touching was nonconsensual . `` I was in a state of shock , '' they said . `` He was a man in a very powerful position on the show and I was someone very low on the totem pole and on the food chain there . '' The production assistant asked that what happened next in the car not be described , for fear that it would identify him . Once they had arrived on set , the production assistant says they helped the actor take their belongings from the car to Spacey 's trailer on set . While the two men were in the trailer , the production assistant says , Spacey cornered him , blocked their exit and made inappropriate contact with him . `` I told him , ' I do n't think I 'm ok with this , I do n't think I 'm comfortable with this , ' '' the production assistant said . That 's when the actor became `` visibly flustered , '' fled the trailer , got in their car and left for the remainder of the day , according to the production assistant .
But perhaps just as scandalous is the behavior of the show 's supervisors after the man issued a complaint . The production assistant told CNN that a supervisor merely told them to ensure that he 's never alone with Spacey on set , after which the sexual harassment stopped long enough for them to slowly feel comfortable driving Spacey to the set once again . `` I have no doubt that this type of predatory behavior was routine for them and that my experience was one of many and that Kevin had few if any qualms about exploiting their status and position , '' and the production assistant continued to tell CNN , `` It was a toxic environment for young men who had to interact with them at all in the crew , cast , background actors . ''
Other crew members had similar stories of aggressive and unwanted physical touching which came to define the way Spacey interacted with young male employees on the set : `` He would put their hands on me in weird ways , '' one crew member said . `` He would come in and massage my shoulders from behind or put their hands around me or touch my stomach sometimes in weird ways that in normal everyday conversation would not be appropriate . ''
When asked why the crew member did n't complain to management , they said they feared that their career would be over : `` That 's the worst part about this whole thing . I would love to be able to speak out about this kind of stuff and not fear . '' But it seems such fear permeated the environment on set , and made everyone afraid to speak on what might not even be defined as an `` open secret '' as it appears to have been normalized by a management team which consistently looked the other way for fear of upsetting their powerful and legendary starring actor .
As yet a further House of Cards crew member told CNN :
`` All the crew members commented on their behavior , '' the former camera assistant said . `` What gets me is we have to sign sexual harassment paperwork before the start of the show and apparently [ Kevin Spacey ] does n't have to do anything and they get away scott-free with this behavior . '' CNN confirmed that Spacey was given guidelines regarding sexual harassment in the workplace . Colleagues never complained because they were afraid of losing their jobs , the former camera assistant said . `` Who is going to believe crew members ? '' they said . `` You 're going to get fired . ''
According to one female employee Spacey couched their behavior in terms of `` games '' and `` play fights '' which would routinely take place with young males and would be quite out in the open . `` It was very known that Kevin was inappropriate , and males I worked with complained to me about how they felt uncomfortable , '' they told CNN . `` Kevin does this thing which was play fights with them in order to touch them , '' which specifically involved them approaching `` multiple people '' to `` say hello , greet them , shake their hand and pull their hand down to their crotch and touch their crotch . I have friends say they reached up their shorts on set . ''
In response to the allegations of Netflix management turning a blind eye while essentially giving Spacey free reign , Netflix issued the following statement :
`` Netflix was just made aware of one incident , five years ago , that we were informed was resolved swiftly . On Tuesday , in collaboration with MRC [ Media Rights Capital , which produces the series ] , we suspended production , knowing that Kevin Spacey was n't scheduled to work until Wednesday . Netflix is not aware of any other incidents involving Kevin Spacey on-set . We continue to collaborate with MRC and other production partners to maintain a safe and respectful working environment . We will continue to work with MRC during this hiatus time to evaluate our path forward as it relates to the production , and have nothing further to share at this time . ''
MRC also told CNN in a separate statement that they have implemented `` an anonymous complaint hotline , crisis counselors , and sexual harassment legal advisors for the crew '' - though clearly it seems all too little too late .
On the other side of the Atlantic in the UK , multiple employees and cast members of the Old Vic theater in London , where Spacey was artistic director from 2004-2015 , have similarly come forward with multiple allegations - this to the point that the Old Vic has announced its own confidential complaints process for any victims .
Meanwhile , another man has come forward with chilling details involving Kevin Spacey 's early career on Broadway when the actor was in their 20 's living in New York City . They told Vulture in a bombshell interview published the same day as the CNN investigation that Spacey `` groomed '' them while a minor at the age of 14 for a sexual relationship after the two met at a youth acting workshop that Spacey led .
The full interview contains lengthy and shocking lurid details of the victim 's account , and concludes with the following bombshell assertions of the victim :
I would call them a pedophile and a sexual predator . When I turned 25 , I looked at every 14-year-old boy I could see , to try to understand what those men had seen , because I still on some level thought I had been a tiny adult ... They are a pedophile . When you look at their statement , you realize also he 's profoundly narcissistic . They think this is about being caught that he 's gay . And then they are spinning it , right ? “ Oh , people like gays now . So I 'll throw them that . I 'll say I 'm gay and I will betray my whole community and do something else that conflates pedophilia with male homosexuality. ” That 's great . Thank you for that . And that was probably the thing that made me want to talk more than anything else . How repulsive that was .
During the time period , the victim who remains unnamed for fears over their safety ( though Vulture says it thoroughly collaborated multiple aspects to the story ) , says that they fled Spacey 's apartment after the then 24-year old Broadway actor tried to rape him .
Meanwhile , when it comes to legal terms and the question of whether a formal investigation against Kevin Spacey can take place , though some states do n't have a statute of limitations on child sexual assault crimes , New York 's is one of the least favorable toward victims in the country ( both Anthony Rapp - the first to come forward , and the latest victim who spoke to Vulture - appear far beyond the NY statute of limitations for filing criminal charges ) .
However , the latest revelations from House of Cards crew members were obviously more recent in time , and thus are subject to formal police investigation and prosecution . And though we can image that any average citizen would certainly be aggressively pursued by criminal prosecutors , it remains to be seen if Hollywood 's celebrity elite will be held to the same standards .
A pounding at the door the other morning ; my windows rattled . I was upstairs at work . I do n't always leave my desk to hear the good news about Jehovah .
The pounder was insistent . I went down , if only for the sake of the windows .
Oh , jeeze , the cops .
Officers Firth and Kozar in attendance . `` What 's up , boys ? '' My preference was to talk to them through the plate glass door . They wanted to come inside .
Not a chance .
I stepped onto the porch . Who wants two armed strangers in their house , and anyway it was a nice morning .
Officer K. said , `` Are you aware of Project Safe City ? '' I hate it when a guy answers a question with a question .
`` Why do you want to know ? ''
Officer K. said , `` We have reason to believe you have a firearm . '' Oh , here we go again .
The last time a representative of the city showed up at my door , they had reason to believe I had a cat . How did they know ? The lady cat cop peered through the window at my curtains and said , `` Cat hair . ''
I dislike being spied on .
I also dislike armed men at the door . And then Officer K. mispronounced my name and asked if I still worked for this newspaper .
Hmm . He 'd clearly done some research on me , and I had none on him , nor was I sure why my place of employment was important .
I asked Officer K. if he 'd mind getting to the point . They thought I was being difficult . Not me . I am , however , uncomfortable playing 20 Questions in the morning with armed men on the porch .
The point ?
Officer K. reminded me that my firearms licence had expired . They said I could turn the gun over to them for storage , or they could take the gun and destroy it .
My gun ? It is a single-barrel .20 gauge shotgun . It is 40 years old . I used to take it into the woods up north to get partridge in the fall .
The last time I used it , I was walking along a hydro cut when I surprised a deer in the long dry grass . They leapt away in slow motion , flanks rippling , nostrils flaring ; too beautiful .
I have n't hunted since .
I own no shells .
But it 's my gun , dammit . I guess , when the Feds began the long-gun registry , I should have lied and not bothered to register the damn thing .
Officer K. pressed me about turning the gun over , there and then , for storage or destruction . For a brief moment I thought about handing it over , if only to get rid of them and their pal .
And then it just seemed wrong :
A couple of cops show up at my door , unannounced , and the talkative one says they have reason to believe , and I 'm supposed to hand over my property just like that ?
I hate to write this .
I know who 's going to respond and how . Let me be clear : I am not one of those `` pry it out of my cold , dead hands '' guys . No one in the city but a copper ought to have a handgun . And so on .
But I am a fellow who grew up in Northern Ontario and who was once the scourge of the clay pigeon , feared among the partridges .
I told Officer K. I would not hand my gun over and they could take the next step , whatever that might be , and close the gate on the way out .
Did I think they were aggressive ? Yes . Was my response temperate ? Not especially .
An hour later Officers F. and K. showed up with their boss , Officer Nicolle . They were as angry as they were pushy and they said they wanted the gun or he 'd come back with a search warrant .
I was offered no options .
No one ever said , look , you have to renew your licence ; we 'll give you two weeks , here 's the paperwork you need ; and in two weeks , if you do n't have the licence we 'll have to ask you for the gun .
In the absence of options , faced with a search warrant and outnumbered three to one , I said I 'd get the damn shotgun .
Officer N. got in my face then and said , using their outdoor voice , `` Do n't you bring up any loaded firearms . ''
As if , copper .
I presume my gun 's in storage now . The receipt does not say where or for how long .
Are n't you glad the city 's safer ?
Joe Fiorito usually appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Email : jfiorito @ thestar.ca
Filed : Friday , 6th June 2014
By : Staff Writer
West Ham are interested in signing Napoli 's Swiss midfielder Blerim Dzemaili . Dzemaili - who worked with Hammers boss Sam Allardyce at Bolton as a young youngster - has been linked with a move to United 's Premier League rivals Tottenham in recent weeks but fresh reports suggest that whilst London still appears to be a likely destination , it 's West Ham who could land the 28-year-old .
* West Ham 's prolonged interest in Leeds United striker Ross McCormack could be coming to an end after it was claimed that Newcastle United had made a hugely-generous £8million offer for the 27-year-old Scottish international . McCormack was strongly linked with a deadline day move to the Boleyn Ground back in January .
* Further to our news in Wednesday 's transfer bulletin regarding Dortmund striker Julian Schieber , it is reported that although the player is keen to move to the Premier League West Ham want to take the 25-year-old on loan - something Die Borussen , who are looking to sell Schieber , are not willing to accept . The former German Under 21 international made 20 starts for Dortund last season , scoring just one goal .
Your Comments
Please note that this section is for comments relating to the above news item only . Any off-topic or abusive posts will be removed . Posts including either links and/or foul language are automatically filtered and will not be published . To engage in further discussion on any of our news stories , visit the KUMB Forums .
Not a member of the KUMB Forums ? You may register for free membership here .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
The second in our series of briefing papers on building An Economy That Works explores inequality in the UK . It examines the evidence for rising inequality over the last fifty years , estimates the economic welfare lost to society from an unequal distribution of incomes and addresses the critical question of managing inequality in the context of declining growth rates . Read more .
This first in our series of briefing papers on building An Economy That Works explores the underlying phenomenon of ‘ secular stagnation ' – a long-term decline in the rate of growth of the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) . The paper examines the evidence , explores the causes and discusses the implications of what some now call the ‘ new normal ' . Read more .
Uncertainties over which EU environmentally-related policies are likely to be culled in the process and aftermath of the ‘ Great Repeal Bill ' should be cause for concern regarding the long term health of both humans and the ecosystems on which we all depend . The APPG briefing focuses upon the risk to the viability of Precautionary Principle from the lengthy and involved process of repatriation of EU Law . The Precautionary Principle offers a comprehensive defence against policies which favour ‘ growth ' at the cost of potentially irreversible or catastrophic risk . The Precautionary Principle remains on the front line of the legal-environmental defence and should not be downgraded , but actually if possible enhanced . More information on the briefing page .
Budgets are routinely analysed by people who believe there is nothing problematic about economic growth . Forecast rates of GDP growth play a key role in the Budget calculations , and Budgets are praised or criticised based on the effect they are deemed to have on future growth . In our view , such analysis misses a critical aspect of the contemporary debate : namely the prospect that there may be environmental , social and secular limits to economic growth . In relation to the Budget Statement released by the Chancellor on 8th March 2017 , we would make the following remarks ... Read more
Four and a half decades after the Club of Rome published its landmark report on Limits to Growth , the study remains critical to our understanding of economic prosperity . This new review of the Limits debate has been written to mark the launch of the UK All Party Parliamentary Group ( APPG ) on the Limits to Growth . It outlines the contents of the Club of Rome 's report , traces the history of responses to it and dispels some of the myths surrounding it . As Prof Tim Jackson summarises the report in this accompanying CUSP blog , if the Club of Rome is right , the next few decades are decisive : One of the most important lessons from the study is that early responses are absolutely vital as limits are approached . Faced with these challenges , there is also clearly a premium on creating political space for change and developing positive narratives of progress . A part of the aim of the APPG is created that space . Read more
Sometimes , good detective work and weeks of investigation are needed to nab suspected criminals . But other times all investigators need is 30 minutes to listen in on an accidental pocket dial to a 911 dispatch centre .
That 's the reason 55-year-old Donna Knope , 32-year-old Jason Knope and 41-year-old Thomas Stallings spent their weekend in a Florida jail on drug charges .
According to Volusia County deputies , one member of the Deltona , Fla. , trio accidentally dialed 911 about 12:30 a.m. Saturday . When the dispatcher answered and tried to get details about the potential emergency , there was no response .
Instead , they overheard a discussion about drugs .
Deputies say the dispatcher kept the line open and fed details to investigators from the three who were unknowingly being recorded . At one point , the dispatcher reported hearing bubbling noises as if something was cooking .
`` Our fight in this world is not against Islam ; it is against religion . I can tell you this for sure : No one 's head has ever been cut off in the name of atheism . No one has ever cut into human flesh and looked down a camera and said , 'In the name of nothing . ' '' Comedian Jim Jeffries
Ever since Omar Mateen walked into Pulse nightclub in Orlando and killed 49 people , I 've been unable to write down my thoughts . The truth is that my thoughts are , most likely , not publishable . It 's a fact that nobody is more censorial than the gay press . I 've been writing for the gay press since 1983 and I 've seen the `` do n't go there '' topics come and go . At the moment , the two sacred cows are trans people and Muslims . I got into hot water for writing that Caitlyn Jenner is a white Republican man who needs to learn there 's more to being a woman than wearing a designer dress . I received threats for writing that . You see , back in the old days , before Taylor Swift and Pokémon Go , it was called `` having an opposing opinion '' and you were allowed to have them .
I 'm not a religious or spiritual person . I agree with Gore Vidal : Religion is something that should be practiced in private between consenting adults . I accept other people 's religions or philosophies ; just do n't push them on me . Sadly , religion is pushed on me every day . I believe religion is a cancer . There : I 've said it . To say that Omar Mateen 's murderous rampage had nothing to do with religion is nonsense . I 've read the Koran and the Bible , and both of them are violent homophobic and sexist texts . As literature , both contain some beautiful passages and stories , with the Lesson of the Widow 's Mite ( Mark 12:41-44 , Luke 21:1-4 ) being a favorite of mine .
However , I believe this trio of cultsChristianity , Islam and Judaismwere created by men to justify the subjugation and rape of women and children . There : I 've said that , too . These cults are responsible for the KKK , the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict , 9/11 , the Nazi Holocaust , homophobia , transphobia … on and on and on . How many Roman Catholic child-raping priests have to be arrested before the Vatican is shut down ? How many girls have to be kidnapped and raped by Boko Haram Islamists ? How many boys have to suffer male genital mutilation ? How many women have to shave their heads and wear sheitels ? How many women will be denied education and forced to live under burqas , never to feel the sun on their faces ? I 'm sick of hearing the PC apologists say , `` Oh , but that 's just the fanatics . '' No , it 's not . Homophobia and sexism are enshrined in their religious texts .
In the United States , Christianity is enshrined in the culture . `` In God We Trust '' we swear on the Bible in a courtroom . There 's supposed to be a separation of church and State , which is a total myth . This country will never have a Muslim president or a Jewish one , orGod forbidan atheist . Stop kidding yourself .
On the day of the massacre in Orlando , Palm Springs held a candlelight vigil . I was there . There were speakers because a silent vigil can never be silent due to the fact that some people overestimate their own importance and like the sound of their own voice . Three religious leaders spokea pastor , a rabbi and an imam from the local mosque . Why ? Those men should never have been allowed to co-opt that event . It 's religious dogma that caused all this trouble in the first place . The three of them loaded Mateen 's gun .
Mateen was n't born a killer . They were born a beautiful child coming into a beautiful world . So was Yishai Schlissel , the Orthodox Jew who stabbed six people in the 2015 Jerusalem Gay Pride Parade . It was the religion they were born into that poured hatred into those two children .
Atheists do n't have a book saying it 's OK to rape children , own slaves or abuse women . And yet , it 's this atheist who sits here waiting for the hate mail from writing this articlehate mail that I have no intention of reading .
tobaccos & developed a delicious , sweet flavor that hangs on the palate . Starts off just a tad on the harsh side but subsides as the smoke progresses . The tasty flavoring is there at the beginning & remains throughout but after some has burned off it gets even better ... the point where all the varietals & flavoring meld together & form a unique flavor with a pleasing aroma . The strength is medium & does n't bite or become harsh if not pushed . I 'm enjoying a bowl of it right now & I 'm not really a heavy hitter when it comes to aromatics . Bagpiper 's Dream has an alluring flavor that 's surprisingly , tantalizingly , delicious ! ! You could sprinkle a dab of Wellhauer 's Latakia & some Turkish to this and you 'd have an exceptionally fine aromatic Balkan blend ... Balkanaro , as it were . I will have to try this idea and edit the results ... & here we go : If you mix this to your tastes with Levant or a good Syrian Latakia blend , you can anticipate amazing results . Read Less
Chancellor Philip Hammond could be anointed leader as long as they vow to stand down after two years STEFAN ROUSSEAU
Philip Hammond is being lined up to replace Theresa May as prime minister as part of an alliance with David Davis to deliver Brexit safely .
Ministers said this weekend that Hammond should be anointed as leader before October 's party conference provided they vow to stand down after two years so that someone else can lead the Conservatives into the next election .
A former cabinet colleague has claimed the chancellor believes they are equipped to do the job . “ He told me that if Theresa May could be prime minister , so could he . ”
The elevation of Hammond — dubbed “ Spreadsheet Phil ” — would be greeted with resistance by some Eurosceptics who are suspicious of their interventions demanding a soft Brexit that puts jobs and business before controls on immigration.…
The UCI Mountain Bike Marathon World Championships is the world championship event for marathon mountain bike races . Inaugurated by the Union Cycliste Internationale in 2003 , the event is held annually in single classes for men and women . The 2003 event was organized as part of the UCI Mountain Bike & Trials World Championships . Subsequent marathon world championships , however , have been organised as a stand-alone event .
The UCI awards a gold medal and a rainbow jersey to the winner . Silver and bronze medals are awarded to the second and third place contestants . World champions wear their rainbow jersey until the following year 's championship , but only in marathon events .
Medalists [ edit ]
Men [ edit ]
Medal count [ edit ]
Place Nation Total 1 Switzerland 6 2 3 11 2 Austria 3 5 1 9 3 Belgium 2 1 1 4 4 Italy 1 1 2 4 Czech Republic 1 1 2 4 6 Portugal 1 1 0 2 7 Brazil 1 0 0 1 Greece 1 0 0 1 9 Netherlands 0 2 1 3 10 Colombia 0 1 3 4 11 France 0 1 1 2 Germany 0 1 1 2 13 South Africa 0 0 1 1 Total 15 15 15 45
Women [ edit ]
Medal count [ edit ]
As of September 2018
Place Nation Total 1 Norway 6 1 1 8 2 Denmark 5 1 1 7 3 Switzerland 3 2 5 10 4 Germany 1 6 2 9 5 Poland 1 1 1 3 6 United Kingdom 0 2 0 2 7 Slovenia 0 1 1 2 8 Austria 0 1 0 1 Russia 0 1 0 1 10 Finland 0 0 2 2 11 Netherlands 0 0 1 1 Czech Republic 0 0 1 1 France 0 0 1 1 Total 15 15 15 45
Total medal count [ edit ]
As of June 2016 The current historical medal count of men 's and women 's events is as follows :
Place Nation Total 1 Switzerland 9 4 8 21 2 Norway 6 1 0 7 3 Denmark 3 1 1 5 4 Austria 2 4 0 6 5 Belgium 2 1 1 4 6 Germany 1 6 3 10 7 Italy 1 1 2 4 8 Czech Republic 1 1 3 5 9 Poland 1 1 0 2 10 Greece 1 0 0 1 = Portugal 1 0 0 1 12 Netherlands 0 2 2 4 13 United Kingdom 0 2 0 2 14 Colombia 0 1 2 3 = France 0 1 2 3 16 Slovenia 0 1 1 2 17 Russia 0 1 0 1 18 Finland 0 0 2 2 19 South Africa 0 0 1 1 Total 28 28 28 84
Last Updated : 4:44 p.m .
Matanzas High School went on Code Orange security status shortly after 1 p.m. today , restricting students indoors and in their classrooms , after a school official suspected that a student may have been seen with a weapon . The emergency was lifted at 3 p.m. , and no weapon was found .
The Flagler County Sheriff 's Office responded with 25 deputies , with the incident focused on Building 6 at the north end of the school , and more particularly in a boys ' bathroom in that building . The Florida Highway Patrol sent more than a dozen troopers , many of whom had been in the region on special enforcement assignments unrelated to the Matanzas emergency , and the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission , which has its own police force , sent half a dozen officers .
“ We had a force of probably close to 40 or maybe a little more than 40 on scene , ” Jim Troiano , the sheriff 's chief spokesperson , said in a wrap-up of the incident at 4:30 p.m . The reason for the large response : “ Earlier information prompted us to believe that the individual may be on campus . ”
That turned out not to be the case . While a suspect was not identified by name , the sheriff 's office is now looking for a man , or a boy , believed to be a student at the school , who is 6 feet tall , with long , straight blond hair , and who was wearing a brown hoodie at the time of the incident .
The way the incident unfolded was this : A student was in a bathroom , that student saw the student with what they believed to be a handgun . The student contacted a member of the faculty–a dean–who contacted administration , which contacted the sheriff 's office , initiating the response .
“ So far what we 're hearing , it sounds very legitimate , we have no indication that this young person is making anything up , ” Troiano said of the student who alerted officials .
Two sheriff 's deputies were at the school on an unrelated matter ( including the school 's School Resource Deputy ) .
“ They immediately went into action , and we then dispatched other units , ” Troiano said .
Code Orange was declared . Nobody was allowed to leave the campus until a proper search was conducted . The common areas were searched , so were several bathrooms and several classrooms , Troiano said . Scores of parents began waiting outside the school to pick up their children . Rumors flew . Parents got upset , some of them crying and believing , inaccurately , that there had been a shooting and that people were hurt . Troiano at one point held successive group meetings with parents outside the school to calm matters and provide the more accurate information . “ I have a daughter that goes to that school , it 's trying as a parent and I absolutely feel for those parents that were out there , ” they said . Sheriff Jim Manfre also arrived at the scene and spoke with parents .
“ There is no threat that we know of at this time , ” they said to media , and to parents . There 's been no violence , and “ no threat that has occurred . ”
Students were cleared for dismissal just before 3 p.m. , according to a school release , but Troiano subsequently said buses only were cleared for release , but not car riders yet . They said some 200 cars were at the school , waiting to pick up students ( at 3:15 p.m. ) , as were numerous units of the Florida Highway Patrol , the sheriff 's office , and even the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission , which has its own policing force .
Once cleared for release , students were escorted to their buses by armed law enforcement , most of them with long guns or shotguns . Even students who rode bicycles were escorted to their bikes , as were students in the car rider line , who were escorted from classrooms to vehicles . That was done to minimize the number of students wandering around the school , and to ensure their safety .
Code Orange is one security level short of the more serious Code Red . Code Orange , according to the district 's definition , means that there are no outdoor activities , no class changes , and the perimeter of the campus has to be secured .
Jason Wheeler , a spokesperson for the school district , confirmed the Code Orange after 1:30 p.m. ( The call to the dispatch center was issued at 1:08 p.m. ) Shortly after 2 p.m. , they issued a release that stated : “ This afternoon a student at Matanzas High Schools reported they thought they saw the reflection of another student holding what appeared to be weapon in a restroom mirror . That student reported the incident to a school administrator and the campus ' security status was immediately placed on code ‘ orange . ' ”
Superintendent Jacob Oliva , who was on their way to the school at 3 p.m. , and Sheriff Jim Manfre , scheduled a 4 p.m. news conference at the school . “ We 're just going to go over the facts of what happened today , ” Oliva said in an interview soon after students had been dismissed . ( A sheriff 's tweet at 3:23 p.m. , however , said the news conference was cancelled , and that a media release would follow . )
The person or suspect involved in the incident was was not on campus at the time of dismissal , and no weapon was found at the school , nor has it been confirmed that a weapon was , in fact , on campus , Oliva said , but they said sheriff 's deputies are pursuing the case .
Oliva said a student was identified as a suspect , but Jim Troiano , the sheriff 's spokesperson , said “ there is no identified student , ” nor was they aware of deputies in the community seeking out an individual student . The student was identified as a person of interest at one point . Deputies went to the student 's house and were able to confirm that the students had not been on campus at the time of the incident . But the student allegedly involved in the incident is still being sought .
Oliva said this was a case of “ follows along with the message we 've given the students and with the sheriff 's office , if you see something , say something . This is a great example . ”
“ At this point there 's not been any determination that there was an actual weapon on campus . There 's been nothing to substantiate that , ”
they said . Deputies “ went through every classroom . ”
Surveillance footage was reviewed by deputies , Troiano said .
As for the fate of the student , or suspected student , should that student be apprehended , that , too , is not certain , given the murkiness of the circumstances . “ Any time we have discipline issues we look at it on a case by case basis , there is no one answer to any one incident , but weapons on campus will not be tolerated , ” Oliva said .
After-school activities were allowed to resume when the all-clear signal went out , after the students had boarded their buses and their vehicles .
On Thursday , students at Matanzas will notice a stronger law enforcement presence , Troiano said . The investigation is continuing . It could have been a fake gun , it could have been a real gun , they said . “ We ca n't tell you today that it was n't a real gun . We 're treating it as a real gun . ”
I want to start by mentioning that I did receive a U.A.E./Saudi Arabia/Malaysia/Singapore version , even though that is not what is pictured in the product information . But it does work in the USA . Just make sure you set the region to the United States during setup , and you 'll still have all your usual access to the store . Also remember it does n't come with an AC adapter so you 'll have to get the power cord separately .
I transferred my old system 's data to the new one using the built-in system transfer process , and I was able to use my same micro SD card as well , just swapping it from my 3DS XL to this New 3DS XL . No problems at all ! All my prior purchases were saved and brought to the new system , along with my Nintendo ID and all game data . All of my physical 3DS games play perfectly as well , with less system lag than I saw on the original 3DS XL .
The buttons are nice and clicky , and the new second `` joystick '' feels soft and rubbery but functions surprisingly well . The design itself is super cute ! Not too bright of a yellow and the sketchy sort of design looks very nice .
My main complaints are specific to the system itself : No more physical switch to easily turn off WiFi , the position of the stylus is no longer handy to get to ( now in front instead of on the right side under your hand ) , the micro SD card ca n't be removed without a screwdriver , and the hole to fix a strap onto the system is now in the top/back instead of the front/bottom corners ( I used to use mine as a makeshift handle and no longer can ) .
But those are n't the fault of the seller . Just the design from Nintendo . : )
The Final Call | National News
Black attorneys battle inside a criminally unjust court system
By Charlene Muhammad -National Correspondent- | Last updated : Jul 28 , 2015 - 1:16:22 PM
What 's your opinion on this article ?
Lesley McSpadden , mother of Michael Brown , wipes their eye as they are flanked by their attorneys Anthony D. Gray , left , and Benjamin L. Crump , right , during a news conference April 23 , in Clayton , Mo . The parents of Michael Brown filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against the city of Ferguson over the fatal shooting of their son by a White police officer , a confrontation that sparked a protest movement across the United States . Photo : AP Wide World Photo/Jeff Roberson
Broken promises , bias , brutality and bail
LOS ANGELES ( FinalCall.com ) - The National Bar Association 's 90th annual convention 's message of fighting police brutality mirrored the fight Black Americans face every day .
The convention , with its theme “ A Legacy of Service . A Promise of Justice , ” centered on police brutality and highlighted problems and solutions to why Blacks continuously suffer injustice .
Attorney Nicole C. Lee ,
Co-Founder of the
Black Movement-Law Project
Members of the nation 's largest and oldest organization of Black lawyers met at the downtown Westin Bonaventure Hotel July 19-23 .
“ A number one issue this year was police brutality , and although I did not think that it would be the centerpiece of my administration , that 's exactly what it was , ” said Pamela Meanes , outgoing president of the National Bar Association .
During their president 's reception , a video showcased the year-long efforts of the organization 's Police Misconduct Task Force and Criminal Law Section .
During their tenure , members worked to back a movement against police brutality by hosting forums and discussions , proposing federal laws , educating Blacks about their rights when encountering law enforcement , and demanding Justice Department intervention in excessive force cases . The organization 's fight against police brutality will continue , they said .
Federal legislation
Attorney Barbara R. Arnwine ,
Executive Director , Lawyers ' Committee for
Civil Rights Under Law
The National Bar Association is advocating for four federal laws tied to police reform : One mandates officers wear federally funded body video cameras on duty ; a second establishes federal standards for use of force training and tactics ; a third requires police departments to conduct annual training in de-escalations , and a fourth would require police departments to enact a policy requiring officers observing other cops using excessive force step in .
Justice or Else !
The suspicious July 13 jail house death of Sandra Bland in Prairie View , Texas occurred one week before the Black lawyers gathered . Them death underscored one of many reasons why police brutality was prominently featured during their annual meeting , noted Attorney Benjamin Crump , whose firm , Parks and Crump , represents the Trayvon Martin , Michael Brown , Jr. , Chavis Carter , Victor White , and families in other high profile cases involving police shootings or suspicious Black injuries or deaths .
“ It 's unfortunate that we see these tragedies happening almost weekly now . It says a lot to the police culture as it relates to their interaction with people of color , in many instances as we see from video , unarmed people of color , ” Attorney Crump said .
Even before they were sworn in as its 73rd president on July 23 , Attorney Crump had endorsed “ Justice or Else , ” the 20th anniversary gathering of the Million-Man March . The Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan issued the clarion call for the gathering on October 10 , 2015 to answer a critical cry for justice .
Attorney Nana Gyamfi ,
Professor , Human Rights Activist and Host of
Inner Light Radio 's Conversations on the Way
Atty . Crump said they recently had the honor and privilege of meeting with Minister Farrakhan about the challenges facing the Black community and preventing what appears to be the sanctioned killing of unarmed people of color .
They applauded Minister Farrakhan for speaking out against injustice , saying if Blacks do n't speak up , stand and fight , nobody 's going to do it .
“ All our civil rights leaders have to speak to the issue . We have to make the narrative very clear , straightforward that we are fighting for the lives of our children , and that 's why I endorse the 20th anniversary of the Million Man March-Justice or Else , because we like all Americans only want equal justice for our loved ones and our family and our children , too , ” Attorney Crump stated .
Denying Blacks justice
According to Counter Current News , Ms . Bland 's arrest by Texas State Trooper Brian Encinia was illegal based on a Supreme Court decision . The trooper violated the court 's ruling in Rodriguez v. United States that police can not extend the length of a routine traffic stop unless there is a clear safety concern or additional crime committed in the course of the stop , the agency reported .
Police have long represented the front line in a criminal justice system where cops , prosecutors and judges have consistently acted to deny Blacks justice , advocate said .
Blacks are over-policed and criminalized , said Attorney Nicole Lee , co-founder of the Black Movement-Law Project , which developed last August in the aftermath of Michael Brown 's death at the hands of Darren Wilson , then a Ferguson , Mo. , police officer .
Them expertise is documenting human rights atrocities like genocide or internal displacement in countries like Haiti , Columbia and the Sudan , they said . When they were called to help in Ferguson they initially declined , thinking they are n't needed .
But finally they did go . “ I saw situations happening in this country that would actually put many of those countries to shame . They just would not allow it . You would not lob tear gas in Columbia for example while babies are in the middle of the street , ” Attorney Lee said .
“ You would not harass people and come to their homes and pull out their mom 's from bed just to harass them , not an offense charge , but just to show that you are powerful , ” they said .
Black attorneys have a role to play in the movement , particularly by using their expertise to create legal infrastructure to help with the mass defense of hundreds of people , they told them peers .
According to Attorney Lee , there were 253 arrests in Baltimore after people rose in protests after the fatal injuries apparently suffered by Freddie Gray , a Black man , in police custody . “ One hundred-twenty of them were thrown out on habeas immediately because we had the infrastructure to actually process the writs for 120 people , ” they informed . Another 50 were released so the system could avoid the wave of attorneys they thought just showed up from nowhere , but the lawyers were organized and strategic , Atty . Lee said .
Lawyers for protestors across America have also been dealing with police attempting to hide their clients in black sites , secret police interrogation compounds , they added .
Lawyers on the front lines
Attorney Lee helps to train attorneys to provide jail support for large numbers of protestors arrested in mass demonstrations , but they said more attorneys need to join youth already on the front lines , such as St. Louis activists Rika Tyler , a member of the Hands Up United activist group and T-Dubb-o , also a rapper .
The young people spoke to the Black lawyers about problems activists face on the ground in cities where Blacks are killed .
“ We get followed still by police , harassed and targeted at protests while being active , ” T-Dubb-o said . “ We 're here to get answers just like you all . We do n't know what freedom is gon na look like , because we have n't had it . We just know we 're fighting for it , and we 're going to continue fighting for it . We just need you all to fight with us , ” they said .
“ To make it as plain as possible , they 're killing us , in more ways than one , ” the activist added .
Ms. Tyler took time to highlight the largely ignored plight of young Black women like Kimberlee King , who died in September 2014 .
“ Over the weekend they said they killed themselves for traffic warrants but what they did n't tell you is when they did the autopsy report , they had semen in their body and so they had probably been raped and killed in jail , ” Ms. Tyler charged .
“ The police target us because it 's a little bit easier to get a hold of us , but everyday life is like you get followed by the police and if you 're not getting followed by the police , you run up on something and wound up getting hurt or targeted by the police , ” Ms. Tyler said .
Another reason Blacks ca n't get justice is they 're policed by cops who do n't live in their neighborhoods and who could care less about them , Ms. Tyler noted .
Both activists said they were honored for the opportunity to speak to Black lawyers that they feel need to wake up .
“ I mean they 've been doing work but they need to push it a little bit more . You are still a Black person before you are a Black lawyer , so if you think your life matters and you think our lives matter , you need to be doing work and use the access and tools , education that you do have as a Black lawyer to push forward , ” Ms. Tyler told The Final Call .
Crimes of poverty
Police have a lot of power to jam up people 's lives , Attorney Lee pointed out , in the short and long term . In Baltimore , one-third of the cases brought to trial are dismissed by the time they make it to trial or get before a judge , they noted .
What attorneys have seen in Ferguson and are seeing in Baltimore is people are picked up on ridiculous charges , held for two weeks , then released , the attorney said . By then , they 've lost their jobs , or homes which they might have rented on a monthly or weekly basis , they said .
“ I 've met women in homeless shelters who 've explained to me , ‘ yeah it was a completely ridiculous charge , but I 'm here because if I actually pay money on rent , then I ca n't pay these crazy court fines even though it 's been dismissed , ' ” Attorney Lee stated .
According to the Vera Institute of Justice , an independent , non-partisan , non-profit center for justice policy and practice , some 12 million people are admitted to jail annually and Black men are disproportionately held because of their inability to pay .
Their incarceration starts a vicious cycle of unemployment , debt , and the inability to post bail , the center indicated .
Krystal Muhammad , national chairperson of the New Black Panther Party , also works for a bail bond company . They said in a phone interview their company in Harris County , Texas , receives 400 names of arrestees per day .
The majority are Blacks and Hispanics arrested for things like marijuana possession or DUI , which are pretty much crimes of poverty , they argued . Many are taken in for resisting arrest , but they do n't have arresting charges , Ms. Muhammad observed .
“ If a person is even given a misdemeanor , they have to look at really $ 2,000-5,000 just to get legal representation , and most people do n't have that , so they 're forced to either sit in jail or take a plea , ” they said .
Power to the people
Activists in Houston have been fighting to establish an independent review board with powers to subpoena and prosecute police , according to Ms. Muhammad .
Civil rights attorney Barbara Arnwine argued during the Black attorneys ' Civil Rights Forum , the absence of an independent police review commission in the vast majority of America 's 13,000 police departments adds to the injustice against Blacks .
“ Without the ability to subpoena people and to also render some kind of justice that is followed , they have very little power . Now where they do have that kind of power , amazing results , amazing compliance , amazing statistics on reduction of police brutality , police violence , etc. , so it is a very important tool , ” they said .
Human rights attorney Nana Gyamfi noted in Cleveland , days after a group of residents filed affidavits , based on a 1960s , law asking Cuyahoga County Judge Ronald Ardine to issue an arrest warrant for the two officers involved in the killing of 12-year-old Tamir Rice , the judge refused .
They felt Officer Timothy Loehmann should be charged for murder , involuntary manslaughter , reckless homicide , negligent homicide and dereliction of duty and Frank Garmback with negligent homicide and dereliction of duty , but left it up to the district attorney , and of course the DA 's office has n't decided to indict , Attorney Gyamfi said .
They urged taking such processes outside of the court system and established political systems range and forming community tribunals .
“ When cops look up and see billboards with their name and badge number , etc. , with the verdict of the community about their actions , I think that we 'll start to see people either leave the force or changes being made that respond to that , ” they said .
“ It 's really gon na have to be because we give them no wiggle-room choice , and they 're actually begging us to stop whatever we 're doing and asking us what it is that we want , ” Attorney Gyamfi said .
Welcome back to Top Shelf Prospects , the daily column that brings you the next crop of professional hockey players . Each day LWOHP will bring you a new player profile or topical article in the lead-up to the 2017 NHL Draft . Be sure to bookmark the site , follow me on Twitter , and spread the word for the site that will bring you analytical and critical profiles and scouting reports ! Last Word On Hockey Prospects is your new headquarters for everything “ NHL Draft ” ! We have a complete listing of our draft articles here .
There has been a great back-and-forth as to who the best defenseman is in the upcoming NHL Draft . What started as a group being led by the possible first overall selection in Timothy Liljegren , has turned into a debate with no number one contender completely ahead of all the rest involving Miro Heiskanen , Cale Makar , Liljegren and Juuso Valimaki .
Evaluating the Top Defensemen in the 2017 NHL Draft
There are some quality defensemen available at top of the 2017 NHL Draft . Through the first 15 selections , there could be as many as four defensemen taken . Miro Heiskanen , Cale Makar , Timothy Liljegren , and Juuso Valimaki are touted as the best defenseman available in the draft . After those four have been taken , the defensive crop takes a hit in terms of the quality available .
While the order of these four defensemen has been argued and still is , the general consensus forming . It seems that there are two defensemen that clearly stand out and the other two lack some defensive capabilities , holding them behind .
Miro Heiskanen
One thing is certain : Timothy Liljegren is not the best defenseman in this draft . That title now appears to belong to Miro Heiskanen . Their season with HIFK proved that they are a top-tier two-way defenseman that should go very high in this upcoming draft . Their performance at the 2017 U18 World Championship , which was amongst the best of any defenseman to play in the tournament , only certified their skill .
Heiskanen finished the tournament with two goals and ten assists in their seven games with Team Finland . Those 12 points were tied for the second most all-time amongst defensemen in one tournament . They are now tied with Matt Dumba and one point shy of Ryan Murphy . 10 assists also ranks second all-time in assists in one tournament .
The stats may cause pupils to dilate and hairs to stand , but Heiskanen 's offensive talent is not their only skill set that can turn heads . Their transition game and first pass are always on point . Not to mention their reliability in the defensive zone .
Cale Makar
The next defenseman to challenge Heiskanen , in my eyes , is Cale Makar . Their offensive skills and output in the AJHL make them a top prospect as is . Their transition game buffaloed the opposition all season long with the Brooks Bandits and they held up their own end in the defensive zone .
Their skating is arguably the best out of any defenseman and is even the whole draft . Their head is up and their vision allows them to make the best decisions when entering the offensive zone . That has led to fantastic offensive production and great success to the Brooks Bandits .
Makar has the Western Canada Cup to still play in this year . Timothy Liljegren , unfortunately , has been ill for the majority of the year and is leaving scouts with a bad sight at the 2017 U18W World Championship .
Timothy Liljegren
Timothy Liljegren built a great deal of their draft stock a year ago while playing with Rogle BK and playing in the World Juniors . Their play was much better last year and playing on a large stage like the U18 World Championship had a great deal of impact on their draft stock .
Playing in Sweden as a 16-year-old gathered a lot of attention from scouts and media . In 2015 , TSN 's Craig Button labeled Timothy Liljegren an “ elite defenseman ” who has “ smarts and vision that is reserved for the very few ” while playing “ a game reminiscent of Drew Doughty with a splash of Erik Karlsson . ”
They are a very good defenseman , but I do not think I would put Liljegren into the elite category . The decisions they make can be head-scratchers at times , but they do have a superior grasp for puck-moving in the offensive zone .
Juuso Valimaki
After a tremendous and offensively strong season with the Tri-City Americans , Juuso Valimaki has flown up draft boards everywhere . Their skating , strong puck possession and playmaking have turned them into a standout defenseman available in what is looking to be the top 15 selections in the upcoming NHL Draft .
Valimaki 's passing and distribution skills have made them the gifted defenseman that they are . Not only is they able to find teammates with ease on the man advantage , but they can keep the puck moving at 5-on-5 .
While Valimaki may not have the skills that top Heiskanen or Makar , Valimaki could find themselves sneaking up on Liljegren due to the Swede 's poor performance at the 2017 U18 World Championship .
The first half of the 2017 NHL Draft will contain some decent prospects and we could possibly see these four defensemen gone by then . Whichever team selects them will be adding a terrific two-way defenceman to their pipeline .
Goals from Theodor Gebre Selassie , Max Kruse , and Maximilian Eggestein gave SV Werder Bremen a big 3-0 win over FC Schalke 04 .
SV Werder Bremen 3-0 FC Schalke 04
Goals:1-0 Gebre Selassie ( 24 ' ) , Kruse ( 76 ' Pen . ) , Eggestein ( 80 ' )
How did the game affect your Official Fantasy Bundesliga score ? Click here to find out !
The visitors were the ones who came out of the gate strongly , pushing the tempo and going close early through Alessandro Schöpf . It was Werder who got on the board first , however , after a Theodor Gebre Selassie header looped past Ralf Fährmann in the 24th minute .
Bremen seemed keen to stoke the passions of a raucous home crowd in the second half , and with a quarter of an hour left they got their just deserts . Benedikt Höwedes fouled Fin Bartels in the box and Max Kruse 's thundering penalty brought the margin to two ; four minutes later Maximilian Eggestein had stretched it to three .
Man of the match
Max Kruse 's name may only appear on the scoresheet once but they were as much a handful against Schalke as they have been the whole of the season 's second half , drawing defenders with darting runs and setting up their teammates with pinpoint passes .
Talking point
Alexander Nouri 's men grabbed another vital three points to extract themselves from the Bundesliga relegation conversation here ... and might just be ready to think about Europe . It really should n't come as a surprise - they 've been the league 's fourth-best side in the Rückrunde .
Match stats
Max Kruse has more goals ( 8 ) in 16 games since joining Bremen than they scored in 32 matches for Wolfsburg last season ( 6 ) .Werder have recorded clean sheets in their last three home matches , having managed just one in their previous 29 outings at the Weserstadion.The loss on MD27 is Schalke 's first defeat in Bremen in eight years .
Line-ups
Werder : Wiedwald - Veljkovic , Moisander , Caldirola , Gebre Selassie - Delaney ( Eggestein 46 ' ) , Grillitsch - Junuzovic ( c ) , Garcia - Pizarro ( Bartels 60 ' ) , Kruse ( Kainz 89 ' )
Coach : Alexander Nouri
Schalke : Fährmann - Kehrer , Höwedes ( c ) , Nastasic - Schöpf , Stambouli , Goretzka , Caligiuri - Meyer ( Konoplyanka 62 ' ) , Choupo-Moting ( Huntelaar 62 ' ) - Burgstaller ( Di Santo 86 ' )
Coach : Markus Weinzierl
Head here for the Werder vs. Schalke Match Centre !
Mahatma Gandhi on ! Palestine written in 1938
The Jews In Palestine
By Mahatma Gandhi
Published in the Harijan
26-11-1938 .
Several letters have been received by me , asking me to declare my views
about the Arab-Jew question in Palestine and the persecution of the Jews in
Germany . It is not without hesitation that I venture to offer my views on
this very difficult question .
My sympathies are all with the Jews . I have known them intimately in South
Africa . Some of them became lifelong companions . Through these friends I
came to learn much of their age long persecution . They have been the
untouchables of Christianity . The parallel between their treatment by
Christians and the treatment of untouchables by Hindus is very close .
Religious sanction has been invoked in both cases for the justification of
the inhuman treatment meted out to them . Apart from the friendships ,
therefore , there is the more common universal reason for my sympathy for
the Jews . But my sympathy does not blind me to the requirements of justice .
The cry for the national home for the Jews does not make much appeal to me .
The sanction for it is sought in the Bible and the tenacity with which the Jews
have hankered after return to Palestine .
Why should they not , like other peoples of the earth , make that country
their home where they are born and where they earn their livelihood ?
Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English or France to the French . It is wrong and inhuman to impose the Jews on the Arabs . What is going on in Palestine today can not be justified by any moral code of conduct . The mandates have no sanction but that of the last war . Surely it would be a crime against humanity to reduce the proud Arabs so that Palestine can be restored to the Jews partly or wholly as their
national home . The nobler course would be to insist on a just treatment of
the Jews wherever they are born and bred . The Jews born in France are French in precisely the same sense that Christians born in France are French .
If the Jews have no home but Palestine , will they relish the idea of being
forced to leave the other parts of the world in which they are settled ?
Or do they want a double home where they can remain at will ? This cry for the
national home affords a colorable justification for the German expulsion of
the Jews . But the German persecution of the Jews seems to have no parallel
in history . The tyrants of old never went so mad as Hitler seems to have
gone . And they are doing it with religious zeal . For , they are propounding a new
religion of exclusive and militant nationalism in the name of which any
inhumanity becomes an act of humanity to be rewarded here and hereafter .
The crime of an obviously mad but intrepid youth is being visited upon theirs
wholerace with unbelievable ferocity . If their ever could be a justifiable
war in the name of and for humanity , a war against Germany to prevent the
wanton persecution of a whole race , would be completely justified . But I do
not believe in any war . A discussion of the pros and cons of such a war is ,
therefore , outside my horizon or province .
But if there can be no war against Germany , even for such a crime as is
being committed against the Jews , surely there can be no alliance with
Germany . How can there be alliance between a nation , which claims to stand
for justice and democracy and one , which is the declared enemy of both ? Or
is England drifting towards armed dictatorship and all it means ?
Germany is showing to the world how efficiently violence can be worked when
it is not hampered by any hypocrisy or weakness masquerading as humanitarianism.It is also showing how hideous , terrible and terrifying it looks in its nakedness.Can the Jews resist this organized and shameless persecution ? Is there a way to preserve their self-respect , and not to feel helpless , neglected and forlorn ? I submit there is . No person who has faith in a living God need feel helpless or forlorn . Jehovah of the Jews is a God more personal than the God of the Christians , the Mussalmans or the Hindus , though as a matter of fact , in essence , They are common to all and one without a second and beyond description . But as the Jews attribute personality to God and believe that They rule every action of theirs , they ought not to feel helpless .
If I were a Jew and were born in Germany and earned my livelihood there , I
would claim Germany as my home even as the tallest gentile German might , and challenge them to shoot me or cast me in the dungeon ; I would refuse to be expelled or to submit to discriminating treatment . And for doing this I
should not wait for ! the fellow Jews to join me in civil resistance , but
would have confidence that in the end the rest were bound to follow my
example .... ...
And now a word to the Jews in Palestine . I have no doubt that they are going
about it in the wrong way . The Palestine of the Biblical conception is not a
geographical tract . It is in their hearts . But if they must look to the
Palestine of geography as their national home , it is wrong to enter it under
the shadow of the British gun . A religious act can not be performed with the
aid of the bayonet or the bomb . They can settle in Palestine only by the
goodwill of the Arabs . They should seek to convert the Arab heart .
The same God rules the Arab heart who rules the Jewish heart ... They will
find the world opinion in their favor in their religious aspiration . There are
hundreds of ways of reasoning with the Arabs , if they will only discard the
help of the British bayonet . As it is , they are co-sharers with the
British in despoiling a people who have done no wrong to them . I am not
defending the Arab excesses . I wish they had chosen the way of non-violence
in resisting what they rightly regarded as an unwarrantable encroachment
upon their country . But according to the accepted canons of right and wrong ,
nothing can be said against the Arab resistance in the face of
overwhelming odds .
A new law proposed by the European Commission is being criticized as a massive government overreach that will ultimately damage the farming industry , and lead to the outlaw of certain types of seeds .
The European Commission has brought forth a bill to limit what 's planted to a “ tested , approved and accepted ” list of seeds , The Blaze reported . Concerns are the legislation will lead to less biodiversity — and more prosecution of farmers .
The Plant Reproductive Material Law is being billed by the Commission as a means of simplifying existing laws and “ guiding the operation of the food chain , ” The Blaze reported . But opponents argue its actual effect will be detrimental to the farming industry .
The Soil Association said the regulation would actually outlaw various types of seeds .
“ This will not only affect farmers and growers in the short term by outlawing exchange of seed not currently commercially available , but in the long term will erode the diversity of species that even the large seed companies , who are driving the proposal , need to provide their future varieties , ” the Soil Associated said , The Blaze reported .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Labour MP Yvette Cooper has called on the British public to start a debate about internet safety . Recl @ im The Internet is Cooper 's catchy twist on the Reclaim The Night marches of the Seventies and Eighties , in which women called for streets to be made more safe at night . The Recl @ im campaign 's homepage states : ‘ The internet is our new streets and everyone should be able to feel safe and speak out online . '
Cooper 's campaign has received predictable support from fans of internet censorship , including professional internet-troll hunters and fellow Labour MPs Stella Creasy and Jess Phillips . Phillips even boasted that they had received 600 rape threats after announcing their involvement with Recl @ im . Cooper 's idea is nothing new – there have been many initiatives recently to raise awareness about women 's safety on the internet , from last year 's UN report , Cyber Violence Against Women and Girls , to Jeremy Corbyn 's Working With Women , which promised to end everyday sexism . Internet censorship in the name of women 's safety is a hackneyed idea .
But for all its posturing about starting up a debate , Recl @ im The Internet is the most insidiously censorious attack on internet freedom to date . While other campaigns have openly called for the need to protect women from certain words – as well as slut-shaming and body-shaming , etc – this latest attempt to neutralise the internet is pretending to protect free speech . ‘ It 's possible both to champion freedom of speech and argue for greater responsibility from everyone ' , the campaign claims . But , as spiked has long argued , if free speech is to be genuinely free , it must be absolute , with no ifs or buts . If it 's not absolute , then it 's not free speech ; it 's privileged speech . What Recl @ im is really saying is , ‘ Yes , free speech for us , but not for people we do n't like ' . In other words , in the interest of protecting free speech , we must limit it . This campaign could n't be more Orwellian if it tried . The bizarre idea that it is possible to expand freedom of speech by limiting it involves identifying those groups that have the ability to speak freely and those that do not . A recent investigation by the Guardian into its comments section revealed that women and black people suffered worst from internet trolling . The charity Stonewall emphasises the importance of protecting LGBT people from online abuse , and now Recl @ im is claiming that , as well as women being incapable of dealing with insults , ‘ almost a quarter of young people are targeted by online abuse ' .
Not only is the idea that minority groups and women need to be protected from online speech patronising , it 's also untrue . Indeed , a large proportion of internet trolls are reportedly young women – supposedly the most vulnerable of all the victim groups . By cloaking a serious threat to free speech in the language of victimhood and protection , Cooper 's campaign has succeeded in obscuring what is really going on here . In the name of protecting minority groups , Recl @ im is attacking our right to free expression . This should worry us all . Recl @ im is falling over itself to prove that it is not censoring the internet , but behind its doublespeak is the insistence that we allow the authorities to monitor , censor and control our online communications . ‘ We 're calling for your views on what more the police and prosecutors should be doing ' , Cooper wrote in the Telegraph .
Until Dawn , The Order 1886 , The Last of Us Remastered all included
Have we got an offer for you today on PlayStation Store ! Over the next 14 days when you buy one of the fantastic PS4 titles below you can get another one for absolutely nothing ! That 's right – buy one , get one free !
All you need to do is choose the two games you want from the list below , add them to your basket and then enter the following code at the checkout : J7P8G8P3DH .
What 's more , you can use the code as many times as you like , so start bulking out your game collection today ( full terms and conditions here ) .
And that 's not all ; if you 're a fan of the Battlefield franchise then make sure you check out the Battlefield Battlefest promotion . EA has halved the price on a huge range of shortcut packs across Battlefield 3 , 4 , Hardline and Bad Company until 16th December .
Participating ‘ buy one , get one free ' titles :
Remember , if you 've not got access to your PS4 , PS3 or PS Vita then you can also buy through our online store .
Voucher code expires on 24 December 2015 . To be eligible for this offer , you must ( i ) be a SEN account holder ; and ( ii ) a resident of a SCEE region . Voucher code may only be used to obtain a 50 % discount on a purchase of 2 applicable products on the PS4 system store and PlayStation®Store , and excludes out-of cart purchases and in-game commerce . Full terms and conditions can be found here .
TUNIS ( Reuters ) - Several thousand Islamists took to the streets of Tunis on Friday to defend the Islamist-led government from popular demands for it to resign over the assassination of a secular opposition politician .
As Islamists and secular opponents staged rival protests over the future of Tunisia 's Ennahda government , the interior minister pointed the finger of suspicion at a hardline Islamist , saying the same gun had been used in Thursday 's killing as in an assassination earlier this year that provoked violent protests .
“ The people want Ennahda again ! ” and “ No to a coup against democracy ! ” , the Islamists chanted , rejecting demands for a new government of national unity .
Divisions between Islamists and their secular opponents have deepened since Tunisian President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali was toppled in 2011 in the first of the Arab Spring revolutions .
In the second murder of a secular politician in Tunisia this year , Mohamed Brahmi , a member of the Arab nationalist Popular Front party , was shot 14 times .
Thousands of anti-government protesters also massed in the capital on Friday , while shops and banks closed their doors and all flights in and out of the country were canceled .
“ Down with the rule of the Muslim Brotherhood , ” the secular protesters chanted , referring to the ruling Ennahda party , which draws inspiration from the Brotherhood , a pan-Arab Islamist movement .
Interior Minister Lotfi Ben Jeddou drew a direct link between the latest killing and the assassination of the Popular Front 's leader Chokri Belaid on February 6 , which set off the worst violence in Tunisia since Ben Ali 's downfall .
“ The same 9mm automatic weapon that killed Belaid also killed Brahmi , ” they told a news conference , naming the main suspect as hardline Salafist Boubacar Hakim , already being sought on suspicion of smuggling weapons from Libya .
Authorities had identified 14 Salafists suspected of involvement in Belaid 's assassination , and most were believed to be members of the local hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia , they said .
Brahmi , 58 , was a critic of the Ennahda-led ruling coalition and a member of the Constituent Assembly that has drafted a new constitution for the North African nation of 11 million .
The Initiative Party , another secular group , announced on Friday the resignation of its five members who sit on the Assembly . This marked the first withdrawals from the body , which is controlled by Islamists , in protest at the killing .
Thousands of protesters march on the streets , while shops and banks close their doors , in the capital of Tunis July 26 , 2013 . REUTERS/Anis Mili
The Tunis stock exchange fell by 1.9 percent on Friday morning and the dinar currency was trading close to a record low against the euro .
ARAB WORLD
Tunisia 's political transition since the revolt that toppled Ben Ali has been relatively peaceful , with the moderate Islamist Ennahda party sharing power with smaller secular parties .
But the government has struggled to revive the economy and has come under fire from secularists who accuse it of failing to curb the activities of Salafi Islamists .
Events in Egypt , where the army overthrew Muslim Brotherhood President Mohamed Mursi on July 3 after mass protests against him , have further energized the anti-Islamist opposition in Tunisia .
Brahmi 's family said their funeral would take place at 0800 GMT ( 4:00 a.m. EDT ) on Saturday and they would be buried near the tomb of Belaid . Their widow Mrabrka said the family did want government officials to attend , though all other Tunisians were welcome .
Tunisian President Moncef Marzouki asked the army to organize a state funeral for Brahmi .
The government announced a day of national mourning on Friday , and radio stations broadcast patriotic songs .
Secularists called for the dissolution of the government and the formation of a national salvation administration , which was rejected by Prime Minister Ali Larayedh .
Thousands also protested peacefully on Friday against the government in the cities of Sfax , Kairouan , Monastir and Sidi Bouzid , the cradle of the Tunisian revolution , where protesters set fire to two Ennahda party offices the previous day .
Ben Ali 's downfall unleashed unrest across the Arab world , unseating rulers in Egypt , Libya and Yemen , and leading to civil war in Syria .
Rached Ghannouchi , the Ennahda party leader , said the attack on Brahmi was aimed at “ halting Tunisia 's democratic process and killing the only successful model in the region , especially after the violence in Egypt , Syria and Libya ” .
Slideshow ( 6 Images )
“ Tunisia will not follow the Egyptian scenario , ” they told Reuters . “ We will hold on . ”
The assassination occurred as the country prepares to vote in the next few weeks on the new constitution before a presidential election later in the year .
The turmoil dealt another blow to efforts to revive Tunisia 's vital tourism industry . Cultural events , including the Carthage Festival , were suspended following Brahmi 's killing .
Almost fourteen hundred reporters gathered in the Kremlin on Wednesday for Vladimir Putin 's annual press conference . The most anxious ones held signs with the name of their region , their outlet , or the topic of their question . Each time a lucky one was picked , the signs went down , only to rise again , as soon as the President finished their answer . During the three-hour event , about four dozen journalists had a chance to speak . A few were more daring than usual this year , but Putin 's answers , as on previous occasions , demonstrated their trademark confidence in unaccountability .
Putin mentioned the widely acknowledged economic problems : the dramatic drop in the price of oil , the 3.7 per cent fall of the gross domestic product , the 12.3 per cent inflation , the decrease in incomes . Then they drowned the audience in economic statistics that have little bearing on people 's lives , but sounded upbeat , unlike the grim economic forecasts that one hears these days from Cabinet members as well as independent analysts , Russian and foreign . They predict a prolonged crisis ahead , but Putin announced that “ the peak of the crisis is past us. ” They mentioned that the Russian budget is based on the projected price of fifty dollars per barrel of oil , while the real price had dropped below forty . “ We will probably have to correct something , ” they said , without specifying what that “ something ” might be . Last month , the Russian finance minister said that tax increases are inevitable , and cuts to social expenditures have already begun .
Putin dismissed the cost of the Russian military campaign in Syria , which “ does not involve any serious strain on the budget , ” they said , adding that the funds “ earmarked for military training and exercises ” were “ retargeted ” to the operation in Syria . “ Something needs to be thrown in , ” they said , again without bothering to explain what that “ something ” would be . With stunning cynicism , they described the Russian airstrikes in Syria as a perfect substitute for military exercises . “ It is difficult to think of a better training exercise , ” they said . “ We can keep training for quite a long time there without unduly denting our budget. ” The human cost in Syria ( and among Russians taking part in the military operation ) was not even raised . On Friday , the Wall Street Journal reported that up to nine Russian military contractors were killed in Syria in October .
The intrepid anti-corruption activist Alexey Navalny recently released a film that makes serious allegations against Prosecutor General Yuri Chaika . The film shows a newly built five-star hotel in Greece , which is co-owned by Chaika 's son and Chaika 's deputy 's ex-wife . The same woman is alleged to have close business connections with wives of convicted criminals ( members of a violent gang that for years engaged in murder and rape ) , while Chaika 's son is said to be involved in the predatory takeover of a large business venture in Siberia . The film , which is based on legal documents , was posted online earlier this month and has been watched by more than 3.8 million people . When asked about Navalny 's allegations , Putin referred to them as “ problems of secondary importance ” that “ can happen anywhere. ” ” We have to understand : Did the Prosecutor General 's children commit an offense or not ? Does anything point to a conflict of interest in the Prosecutor General 's work ? ” they asked . “ All the information should be carefully reviewed. ” ( Chaika said the allegations are completely unfounded and claimed that the film was commissioned by William Browder , the founder of Hermitage Capital and a Putin critic , and “ the security services behind him. ” Browder said they had nothing to do with the film . Putin 's spokesperson has said that the allegations “ did not provoke our interest ” because they were related to Chaika 's sons , not Chaika himself . )
Putin gave a fuzzy answer about a Russian governor 's alleged involvement in the severe beating of the journalist Oleg Kashin . They gave another shockingly cynical response to a question about the investigation of the murder of Boris Nemtsov , a prominent political figure who was shot , in February , near the Kremlin . Before making the routine but at least morally appropriate remark “ this is a crime that has to be investigated , and the culprits punished , ” Putin said , “ I never spoiled relations with him , but they chose this path of political fighting—personal attacks and the like . That said , I 'm used to this . They are n't alone. ” Incredibly , Putin added , “ This does n't mean at all that the man should be killed . ”
Putin sounded bellicose with regard to Turkey , which last month downed a Russian jet . They repeated the comment they made at the time , that the action was a “ stab in the back , ” and emphasized that they knew nothing about “ the so-called Turkomans , ” Syrian Turks who live in the region where the jet was downed . They said the Turks should have “ picked up the phone ” and asked the Russian military “ not to hit certain areas . ”
In fact , in late November , the Turkish foreign ministry summoned Russia 's ambassador to protest the “ intensive ” bombing of Turkmen villages in northern Syria by Russian warplanes . “ It was stressed that the Russian side 's actions were not a fight against terror , but they bombed civilian Turkmen villages and this could lead to serious consequences , ” a statement from the Turkish foreign ministry said at the time .
Putin did not seem to care about this or other inconsistencies . They may be discussed in the independent media or online , but the ever-loyal television channels would never report on them before Putin 's popular majority .
Still , one is struck not just by the inconsistencies in Putin 's speech but by what look like increasing irregularities in their management . Nemtsov was killed and nobody even understood the purpose of the crime , and internecine feuds among the elites have increasingly come into public view . The feared Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov reportedly is in conflict with the Federal Security Service ; the “ Chechen leadership and its security bodies ” are said to have sabotaged the investigation of Nemtsov 's killing . Several governors have been arrested in the past few months , and political analysts expect more arrests of regional leaders . A police general who was prosecuted after falling out with state security officials jumped ( or was thrown ) out of a jail window . All of this is occurring alongside a dangerous deterioration of the economy .
Putin has been repeatedly referred to as Russia 's “ tsar. ” ( A new biography by Steven Lee Myers is titled “ The New Tsar. ” ) Their power is unchallenged and unchecked . Everyone recognizes their superior authority , and everyone pledges allegiance . But whether he 's preoccupied with wars and geopolitics or just bored or distracted , the political environment in Russia is growing more chaotic . Putin may be the Russian tsar , but it is less clear to what extent they are in control .
Good grief , how did May roll around so quickly ?
As you can imagine , it 's been full steam ahead here at Scirra HQ to make sure that the full version of Construct 3 is ready to be unlocked for the Newgrounds GameJam which starts next week . So it 's about time we told you the theme really eh ?
“ Good Things Come in Threes ”
Everybody knows it , and now its up to you to show it !
We 'll be unlocking Construct 3 , so you 'll have the fully featured version at your fingertips to bring your ideas to life ! We 've also agreed with Newgrounds to extend the length of the Jam to two weeks , so it will now run from the 15th to the 28th of May . That gives us more time to squash any bugs that might come up , and gives you time to create something really cool !
As this is a Jam to celebrate Construct 3 , we will only be accepting games made in Construct 3 .
But why should I enter this Jam ?
Because everyone loves a Gamejam !
But seriously . By building a full game ( even if you do n't decide to submit it ) , not only do you get to try Construct 3 in all of its unlocked glory , but you 'll also be helping us to improve the program by submitting bug reports , giving us feedback etc . It 's a win win really .
And we 're going to throw in a free year 's subscription for Construct 3 as a prize for the top three games ! Plus , the best game will be featured on the home page of Newgrounds !
So get your thinking caps on and start coming up with some killer game ideas - we ca n't wait to see the results !
Read the Newgrounds.com announcement here
Live streaming platforms Hitbox and Azubu relaunch as Smashcast It will be a strong No.2 to Twitch , the company says
Christopher Dring Publisher Wednesday 10th May 2017 Share this article Share
Smashcast is the new company that has formed following the merger between Hitbox and Azubu .
The move follows Azubu 's acquisition of Hitbox back in January . The firm stated at the time that it would `` launch a new platform , focused on optimising the mobile user experience and monetisation technologies . '' The company says that Smashcast will be a 'strong No.2 competitor to Twitch and the largest independent esports broadcaster outside of Asia ' .
The platform is live now and is a free download for both iOS and Android , with mobile updates being rolled out . All Hitbox and Azubu traffic will be rerouted to Smashcast .
The relaunched platform will include a number of new features , the company says . Including a feature that lets esports fans cheer for their teams during tournaments .
`` We 're excited to announce the new company name and brand resulting from the merger of Hitbox and Azubu , '' said Smashcast CEO Mike McGarvey in a statement . `` Smashcast will launch with a new hype feature for viewer engagement , which represents just the first step in our long-term vision to create the best broadcaster-to-viewer experience in the world of esports and competitive gaming . ''
In addition to the new platform , Smashcast has opened a 4K-ready content production studio in Vienna , Austria . The statement says that this is part of the firm 's efforts to integrate further with the world of esports .
`` The new Vienna production facility is a key next step for us in ensuring the quality of support we provide our broadcasting and publishing partners , '' added European MD Martin Klimscha . `` We wanted specifically to ensure that we are differentiated from our competitors not only from our platform and technology excellence , which includes full 4K and 360 VR support , but from the quality of streaming content as well . ''
Azubu had a dysfunctional start to life in the games business , with reports of instability caused , in part , by its investor . It was even suggested that Azubu was close to closing last year .
However , the firm has bounced back and has set itself the objective of better monetising its platform from 'affiliate marketing , interactive sponsor-based advertising , virtual goods sales , sponsorships and in-game betting ' , as well as traditional means such as advertising , subscriptions and donations .
The streaming platform says its aim is to close the gap in average revenue per user between what esports is generating and what is being achieved in traditional sport . Azubu/Hitbox had a user peak of 20m in 2016 , and says it will grow this via its own content , low cost technology and improved user experience .
Aston Martin DB10
2
0 Shares
Synonymous with the “ 00 ” agent that drives them , Aston Martins are as much a part of the James Bond franchise as Walther PPKs , and Martinis . As Sony Pictures take the wraps off their cast line-up and title “ Spectre ” , for the latest Bond instalment , we 're mostly excited about 007 's new ride . The Aston Martin DB10 is a strictly limited production supercar , with styling that echoes the original DB5 , with 21st century performance that 'll uncharacteristically leave us feeling both shaken and stirred . Aston Martin tell us that only 10 will be produced , with 8 earmarked for production of the movie . The good news is however any design evolutions present should make an appearance in the face-lifted V8 due soon . We 've heard rumours that Bond baddie Christoph Waltz will be driving a Jaguar X-X75 , which would set-up the mother of all car chases .
Amand Seyfried ( from left ) , Neil Patrick Harris , Seth Mac Farlane and Charlize Theron appear in “ A Million Ways to Die in the West. ” ( Photo : Courtesy Lorey Sebastian )
Maybe Seth MacFarlane is better heard , not seen .
The `` Family Guy '' creator 's R-rated Western comedy `` A Million Ways to Die in the West '' disappointed at the box office , grossing $ 17.1 million through Sunday domestically and thus missing opening weekend expectations of $ 20 million to $ 25 million .
That was about a quarter of the three-day haul from the weekend 's No . 1 movie , Disney 's revisionist fairy-tale `` Maleficent , '' starring Angelina Jolie , which grossed $ 70 million . It also fell well below MacFarlane 's first big-screen directing effort , the 2012 stuffed-animal-comes-to-life hit `` Ted , '' which opened to $ 54.4 million .
No one expected `` A Million Ways , '' about a craven farmer who faces a fearsome gunslinger , to match `` Ted . '' But distributor Universal Pictures put a lot of money in marketing the movie and created plenty of pre-release awareness . And with the gold rush for Universal 's `` Neighbors , '' the studio has proved there 's an appetite for R-rated movies with gross-out gags .
Here are some possible reasons for why `` A Million Ways to Die '' did n't hit its box-office target .
• Seth MacFarlane as leading man ? They are undeniably a comedy force , but he 's not Mark Wahlberg . There 's no doubt that `` Ted '' bringing on the movie star as the human counterpart increased the chances that the badly behaved teddy bear voiced by MacFarlane would click with viewers . For `` A Million Ways , '' MacFarlane put themselves in front of the camera , and this may have limited its draw .
MacFarlane has had plenty of success with cartoon voice-overs , but the last time many saw their face was when they were hosting the Oscars and singing `` We Saw Your Boobs . ''
• Few yee-haws from critics . Critics generally disliked it , and that could have contributed to the misfire . `` A Million Ways to Die '' holds a 33 percent `` fresh '' rating on Rotten Tomatoes , with many critics making unfavorable comparisons to Mel Brooks ' classic Western send-up `` Blazing Saddles . '' Moviegoers gave it a grade of B , indicating that word-of-mouth could be limited .
• Westerns are box-office roulette . The Western may be the quintessential American genre , but its box-office pull has declined in recent years . On the one hand , Quentin Tarantino 's `` Django Unchained '' was a huge hit in 2012 and the Coen brothers ' `` True Grit '' remake did strong business in the U.S . But the category contributed one of last year 's most notorious flops , `` The Lone Ranger . ''
• Did n't die young . `` Ted '' and `` Neighbors '' had something in common : They skewed young . `` Neighbors , '' with the help of Zac Efron , generated about 47 percent of its opening weekend ticket sales from people under 25 . Just 28 percent of the audience for `` A Million Ways '' was in that bracket . In the glass-half-full scenario , older moviegoers tend to see theatrical releases after the opening weekend , extending the life span of some movies . But it appears the audience was simply more interested in `` X-Men . ''
• Killer competition . There was plenty else to choose from this weekend besides a dirty Western . `` Maleficent '' bewitched the box office , and there 's still `` X-Men : Days of Future Past '' in second place and Warner Bros. ' `` Godzilla '' in fourth .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.sctimes.com/story/entertainment/movies/2014/06/11/ways-seth-macfarlanes-western-died-box-office/10332269/
In addition to the anime film that became the weekend box office winner with 930 million yen , both the novel version of Kimi no Na wa./your name written by the director Makoto Shinkai themselves and the film 's soundtrack album performed by four-member Japanese rock band RADWIMPS are taking No.1 spots in the latest weekly sales charts .
The novel was originally published from Kadokawa 's Kadokawa Bunko imprint 85 days ago , June 18 , and its highest ranking was 2nd makred twice in ealy July and late August . But after the huge opening of the film last weekend , it sold 74,000 copes , taking its first top spot in the Oricon weekly bunko sales charts . The 27-song soundtrack album was released on August 24 and sold 57,878 units in its first week , becoming the band 's first weekly No.1 album in their career .
The film has already earned 1 billion yen from its first three days run , and distributor Toho expects it to
finish with a gross of about 6 billion yen . If their expectation is fulfilled , there is a possibility that it will
become one of the top-grossing Japanese films of the year .
Novel cover
`` Zen Zen Zense '' ( movie version ) by RADWIMPS
Soundtrack album limited edition CD jacket
Regular edition
Related publications :
`` Official Visual Guide '' ( Kadokawa Shoten )
`` Kimi no Na wa . '' Manga 1st volume ( illustrated by Ranmaru Kotone/Kadokawa Media Factroy )
`` Kimi no Na wa . Another Side : Earthbound '' spin-off novel ( written by Arata Kanoh/Kadokawa Sneaker Bunko )
`` Shinkai Makoto Walker '' ( Kadokawa Magazines )
`` Newtype '' September 2016 issue ( Kadokawa Shoten )
`` MdN '' October 2016 issue ( MdN Corporation )
`` CG World '' October 2016 issue ( Born Digital )
`` Febri '' vol.37 ( Ichijinsha )
`` Eureka '' September 2016 issue ( Seidosha )
Japanese trailer
Poster visual
Source : Oricon Style
Under prodding from an unusual coalition of organizations , the state Legislature took modest steps this year to reduce Louisiana 's incarceration rate — the highest per capita in the nation .
Lawmakers passed several measures that will either keep some non-violent offenders from entering prison or will provide an early release for others already behind bars . For example , one measure will mean early release for about 30 elderly inmates with health problems .
“ The low-hanging fruit we 've already done , ” said state Rep. Joe Lopinto , R-Metairie , who chairs the House Criminal Justice Committee .
But other proposals pushed by the coalition of liberal , business and conservative groups did not become law , including some that would have gone further in reducing the state 's inmate population . One high-profile measure that failed would have followed Texas and other neighboring states by making possession of marijuana a misdemeanor rather than the felony it is at present for people caught with pot for at least the second time .
The measure would have reduced the sentences for about 650 people per year , saving the state $ 23 million in incarceration costs , according to a legislative analysis .
As expected , opposition from the state 's sheriffs and district attorneys proved insurmountable .
A major challenge , they added , is that half of Louisiana 's 40,000 state inmates are held in sheriff-run local jails , “ and sheriffs have a financial interest in keeping the numbers up. ” “ What we 've learned is that pure lobbying is not sufficient , ” said Pres Kabacoff , a prominent New Orleans developer who supported the measures to reduce incarceration . “ You need a grassroots campaign that would educate the various constituencies . We have to go into communities between now and the next legislative session and educate them on how some of our practices waste money and human lives . We need to create an environment where people will want to take on sheriffs and DAs . ”
Kabacoff is a leading member of Smart on Crime , * which includes business-oriented groups such as Blueprint Louisiana , the Council for 100 , GNO Inc. , the Baton Rouge Area Chamber of Commerce and the Business Council of New Orleans , as well as the Pelican Institute for Public Policy , a libertarian think tank . Smart on Crime * pushed several measures that passed but also the marijuana bill that failed . * *
The Louisiana Sentencing Commission , a 22-member board drawn from the legal profession and judiciary to advise the governor , supported a package of 16 bills that included some of the same measures supported by the coalition . Judge Fredericka Wicker of the Louisiana Fifth Circuit Court of Appeal played a lead role in getting legislators to sponsor the measures .
The non-partisan American Civil Liberties Union , as well as the Micah Project and other liberal groups , joined forces with Smart on Crime * to back several anti-incarceration measures , including a reduction in penalties for marijuana possession .
Another group , Louisianans for Responsible Reform , also lobbied to reduce marijuana penalties .
Not nearly enough was accomplished this session , ” said Marjorie Esman , the Louisiana ACLU 's executive director . “ There is too much resistance to the systemic change that Louisiana needs . It comes in part from law enforcement that has a vested interest in the status quo and in part that people do n't understand that incarcerating more people actually leads to greater public safety problems. ” *
Kevin Kane , the Pelican Institute president , said Smart on Crime 's * efforts aim to make Louisiana safer by , for instance , putting drug offenders in treatment programs rather than in prison and providing programs through which inmates earn high school equivalency degrees .
Kane said the most important measure that passed this year will direct the state Department of Public Safety and Corrections to study “ what we 're spending money on in corrections and what are the drivers to the incarceration rate . ”
A major challenge , they added , is that half of Louisiana 's 40,000 state inmates are held in sheriff-run local jails , “ and sheriffs have a financial interest in keeping the numbers up. ” Sheriffs receive $ 24.39 per day per inmate from the state .
Update : Comment from Esman was added after the article was first published .
* Correction : As originally published , the article erroneously referred to Right on Crime , rather than Smart on Crime . Right on Crime is a Texas-based conservative group that supports the Louisiana group , Smart on Crime .
* * The link was added after the initial publication of this article .
Fifteen men are one huge step closer to becoming members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame 's Class of 2014 .
The modern-era finalists were announced Thursday night on NFL Network 's `` Pro Football Hall of Fame : The Final 15 . '' Twenty-five semifinalists were announced in November , so ten men did not make it through this cutdown . Two senior nominees , punter Ray Guy and defensive end Claude Humphrey , were selected as finalists in August by the Hall of Fame 's Senior Selection Committee .
Here 's the complete list of modern-era finalists :
Morten Andersen
Jerome Bettis
Derrick Brooks
Tim Brown
Edward DeBartolo
Tony Dungy
Kevin Greene
Charles Haley
Marvin Harrison
Walter Jones
John Lynch
Andre Reed
Will Shields
Michael Strahan
Aeneas Williams
Jones is one of the greatest left tackles in NFL history , and looks like a lock to make it on their first try . Strahan is another strong bet to make it to Canton . Harrison should make it in their first year of eligibility , while Derrick Brooks and Dungy are other compelling first-year finalists that have a solid chance to get in . ( It 's a great year for former Buccaneers , with John Lynch also making the cut . )
The bigger news here unfortunately surrounds the men that did n't make the list . Former Denver Broncos running back Terrell Davis again is not a finalist . Voters continue to punish them for their short , brilliant peak . Former NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue also did n't make the cut . They are getting further away from enshrinement as the years go on , rather than closer . Tagliabue 's candidacy was once a hotly debated topic , but now he 's not getting a lot of support .
Former San Francisco 49ers running back Roger Craig is another player that is n't getting any closer to enshrinement . Once a finalist , he 's been knocked out at the semifinalist stage for the last four years . Don Coryell , Steve Atwater , Joe Jacoby , Jimmy Johnson , Karl Mecklenburg , Steve Wisniewski and George Young also did n't make the list .
The new class will be announced Saturday , Feb. 1 , as part of the `` 3rd Annual NFL Honors '' special at Radio City Music Hall in New York that will air at 8 p.m. ET/PT on Fox .
We previewed all four divisional playoff games in the latest `` Around The League Podcast . ''
Sitting between YouTube and Facebook , with Apple , eBay , Google and Intel near neighbours too , Volkswagen 's Electronic Research Laboratory ( ERL ) is no mere quirk of geography . It 's been deliberately situated in Silicon Valley , with links to those surrounding companies and Stanford University , and is Volkswagen 's biggest research facility outside Europe .
Usually access would be restricted , with the relaxed working environment , complete with table-tennis and fussball tables , rather at odds with the secretive nature of the work that goes on behind the closed doors . However , today they 're open , as VW gives us a peek at the technology that will drive us – quite literally – in the near and not so near future .
The self-driving car is understandably one of the ERL 's most significant research programmes . And it 's one that gives ERL staff significantly greater challenges than those facing their near neighbours . As Chuhee Lee , Deputy Director at Volkswagen ERL , says : “ The consequences of any product failing on the road are far more significant than a consumer electronic device failing . ”
While companies such as Apple and Intel can offer products 80 per cent ready and patch in fixes over time , that 's simply not possible with vehicles . Yet it seems it 's not stopped the team making big strides towards its goal .
Technologically , the self-driving car is a reality according to Lee , although bureaucratic and legal hurdles , customer acceptance , and the vagaries of differing worldwide traffic regulations also need to be overcome before the cars can go on sale .
Volkswagen ERL 's Jörg Schlinkheider , Head of Driver Assistance Systems , says improved safety was one of Volkswagen 's key goals when it started developing self-driving cars . They claim that “ 90 per cent of accidents is caused by human error ” and says that with autonomous vehicles they could be reduced significantly .
The benefits for fuel economy are obvious , too , with the fully autonomous car ideally in communication not just with other vehicles around it , but the traffic light sequencing to aid traffic flow . Volkswagen 's Scania trucks division has undertaken studies where such “ swam intelligence ” allows its vehicles to pool on the motorway to the benefit of economy for all .
Through its Audi brand , VW will introduce autonomous driving with a Traffic Jam Pilot , which allows the driver to be a passenger at speeds of up to 40mph . Automated parking , using a smart device ( key , watch or phone ) to activate it is also something that will reach production within five years .
Advances in computing power , as well as the decreasing costs of sensors , lasers and optical scanning devices to read the environment mean such technology wo n't just be limited to expensive luxury cars ; ity is certain to be democratised into mainstream models such as the Volkswagen Golf in the near future .
Audi will be the first VW Group brand to offer autonomous driving technology
With autonomy comes the promise of greater connectivity , too . Lee says : “ The car will become part of your social network . ”
Volkswagen ERL is developing systems to allow this , including its iBeetle app , which gives access to Twitter and Facebook feeds and allows in-car selfies for those with Truman Show levels of narcissism . Helping here could be VW 's Photo Souvenir system , an all-round camera that snaps away on your journey . With 6,000 photos taken in a two-hour drive , Photo Souvenir usefully learns your preferences and edits that mass of photos down , its learning ability the key development , allowing the car to adjust to your preferences .
All of this new in-car technology will be accessed and controlled by gestures and touch pads , with conventional buttons set to become redundant in the car of the future .
Of course , there are question marks over whether there 's a demand for all of this , but the ERL staff suggest future uses that most of us probably have n't even considered . Who , for example , would have thought Bluetooth communication between your roof rack and car would be a desirable use for this wireless technology ? But it 's being developed and could save us from losing our expensive bikes , surfboard and skis through misjudging the size of a gap .
Such smart accessories should be good news for all of us , except perhaps the ERL 's near neighbours at YouTube , who 'll be left with less amusing content .
Read Volkswagen reviews
For all the latest news , advice and reviews from Telegraph Cars , sign up to our weekly newsletter by entering your email here
Here 's a news item from the Associated Press : BOISE , Idaho ( AP ) — Idaho 's health insurance exchange ranks fourth in the country for the number of people enrolled per capita . More than 85,000 Idahoans signed up for health insurance plans through the state 's health insurance exchange , Your Health Idaho , as of the first week of April . The Idaho Press-Tribune newspaper in Nampa reports ( http : //bit.ly/1OPoiFi ) that only Florida , Maine and Georgia had more enrollees per capita than Idaho . Your Health Idaho runs on federal money as well a 1.5 percent fee to insurance carriers on plans booked through the exchange . The marketplace 's board of directors recently voted to raise the fee to 1.99 percent . The state-run exchange was launched last November as part of the Affordable Care Act . Idaho was one of a dozen states that chose to run its own exchange after the federal website encountered serious glitches .
As a little girl I mixed up shampoos and lotions in my laboratory , trying to improve on the toiletries we had . I never came up with anything worth mentioning , but I did once get scolded for spilling my mom 's shampoo all over the bathroom rug .
A friend of mine told me about the `` laboratory '' she 'd had at age 12 , in which they created , among other things , the cure for AIDs .
You probably wo n't cure any diseases with your apothecary , but you will scratch that youthful itch to create something useful out of ordinary ingredients . narfmore
I 'll get your mad scientist career started with a list of ingredients to start a home apothecary , with which you 'll be able to make herbal teas , salves , syrups , tinctures , eye pillows , and infused oils . I 've also included a recipe for an air freshening spray you can make .
Starter herbs and their properties
You can find these herbs online or in stores with large bulk herb selections . If you grow them , or can find them fresh , use twice as much of the herb — fresh herbs are not as concentrated as dried herbs .
Lavender : Has antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties , is thought to work as an insect repellent , can ease headaches , encourage sleep and aid in relaxation .
Has antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties , is thought to work as an insect repellent , can ease headaches , encourage sleep and aid in relaxation . Peppermint : Is a digestive aid , thought to aid in fever reduction .
Is a digestive aid , thought to aid in fever reduction . Spearmint : Aids in digestion , reduces bloating , lots of antioxidants , super invigorating !
Aids in digestion , reduces bloating , lots of antioxidants , super invigorating ! Milk Thistle : Thought to promote liver and gallbladder function , reported to detoxify and lower cholesterol .
Thought to promote liver and gallbladder function , reported to detoxify and lower cholesterol . Elderberries : Have shown great success in treatment of influenza .
Have shown great success in treatment of influenza . Fennel : Long used as an aid to digestion and bloating . Thought to have diuretic properties , improve milk supply in breastfeeding mothers , repel fleas ; long used in India to soothe coughs
Long used as an aid to digestion and bloating . Thought to have diuretic properties , improve milk supply in breastfeeding mothers , repel fleas ; long used in India to soothe coughs Rosemary : Used to improve memory and circulation , sad to act as an anti-carcinogen .
Used to improve memory and circulation , sad to act as an anti-carcinogen . Chamomile : Used as an aid for digestion , colds , and sleep .
Used as an aid for digestion , colds , and sleep . Nettle : High in protein , iron and vitamins .
High in protein , iron and vitamins . Ginger : Proven to be useful against nausea , diarrhea , and arthritis ; thought to aid in digestion .
So , oils . We need those , too :
Starter oils
Most essential oils are n't cheap , but a little goes a long way . You can find them in health and hippie stores the world over , or online . I bought a starter set from Amazon years ago .
Grapefruit : Used as an energizer , thought to brighten dull skin and hair , and resolve water retention .
Used as an energizer , thought to brighten dull skin and hair , and resolve water retention . Lemon : Antibacterial ; an astringent , brightens dull skin .
Antibacterial ; an astringent , brightens dull skin . Orange : Antibacterial ; thought to act as an anti-inflammatory , diuretic , and aphrodisiac . Boosts immunity .
Antibacterial ; thought to act as an anti-inflammatory , diuretic , and aphrodisiac . Boosts immunity . Clary Sage : Thought to be useful as a mild antidepressant , astringent , aphrodisiac , sedative , and digestive aid .
Thought to be useful as a mild antidepressant , astringent , aphrodisiac , sedative , and digestive aid . Rosemary : Antibacterial , thought to stimulate hair growth and mental activity , be useful with respiratory problems and reduce pain .
Antibacterial , thought to stimulate hair growth and mental activity , be useful with respiratory problems and reduce pain . Lavender : Has antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties , used to calm anxiety , promote circulation and good respiration .
Has antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties , used to calm anxiety , promote circulation and good respiration . Peppermint : Helps with indigestion and nausea , thought to aid with respiratory problems and headaches .
Helps with indigestion and nausea , thought to aid with respiratory problems and headaches . Spearmint : Antiseptic , repels insects , thought to act as a stimulant .
Antiseptic , repels insects , thought to act as a stimulant . Eucalyptus : Antiseptic , anti-inflammatory , a decongestant and a stimulant .
Antiseptic , anti-inflammatory , a decongestant and a stimulant . Tea Tree : Antibacterial/microbial/viral , an insecticide and stimulant , thought to help with healing wounds and pain relief .
AND ! You ave to mix your oils and herbs with a carrier .
10 starter carriers and accessories
Vodka ( for tinctures and aromatherapy mists )
( for tinctures and aromatherapy mists ) Olive or Jojoba Oil ( for salves and moisturizers )
or ( for salves and moisturizers ) Tea ball , reusable tea bags or disposable tea bags ( for herbal teas and syrups )
, or disposable tea bags ( for herbal teas and syrups ) Sugar ( for syrups )
( for syrups ) Beeswax ( for salves and balms )
( for salves and balms ) Rice or beans ( for eye and muscle pillows )
or ( for eye and muscle pillows ) Strainer and/or Cheesecloth ( to strain various concoctions )
and/or ( to strain various concoctions ) Unscented castille soap ( for shampoos and cleansers )
( for shampoos and cleansers ) Old fabric ( for eye and muscle pillows and sachets )
( for eye and muscle pillows and sachets ) Jars , tubs , and bottles ( to store your finished products )
Storage
While it 's by no means necessary , I highly recommend designating a centralized spot for storing all these ingredients . Why ?
1 . It makes you feel like a wizard .
2 . It just looks cool as decor . Yay , useful pretty things !
3 . It makes it easier to whip up brews without having to go searching for everything .
I used a film drawer my librarian friend gave me — mounted on the wall in the bathroom .
Now , to get started actually making things : here 's a starter recipe !
Lavender Mint Room Spray & Linen Mist
Here 's a super simple recipe for a relaxing mist for your self and your linens ( and your car and your friends and your dog and… )
Ingredients
1 part vodka ( 1-2 cups )
1 part water
10 drops lavender essential oil
10 drops spearmint essential oil
Mix water and vodka in a pump spray bottle or atomizer , add the essential oils , and shake thoroughly .
You 'll want to shake this each time before you spray it to ensure it 's all nice and mixed up .
For more recipes , I 've found Make Your Place by Raleigh Briggs and Savoring the Day : Recipes And Remedies To Enhance Your Natural Rhythms by Judith Benn Hurley both extremely helpful . These books have great overviews on helpful herbs and recipes for a multitude of concoctions .
Good luck and happy mixing !
Why make your own air freshener ? You ever thought about what 's in that bottle of Glade ?
One would think the critical success of YG 's 'My Krazy Life ' and the immediate positive response to Sage the Gemini 's 'Remember Me ' LP puts some pressure on fellow West Coast representative IamSu ! . The bouncy , hit-by-potential hit nature of their debut album , 'Sincerely Yours , ' and their candidness about the project says otherwise .
IamSu ! was mostly smiles during the listening party for 'Sincerely Yours ' at 333 Recordings in New York City Wednesday night ( March 26 ) . They were informal and amiable throughout th evening , greeting many of the attendees in the studio space . Although they kept that demeanor when they talked to The Boombox in a recording booth sealed off from the festivities , IamSu ! made it a point to address that he 's all business when it comes to what they have in store over the next few months .
An interesting reveal is that a collaboration album with Sage the Gemini may be in the works . The two Bay Area stars worked together on the club hit 'Gas Pedal , ' which gave both artists the highest-charting single of their careers at No . 29 on the Billboard Hot 100 . The new album is still in the planning stages though .
“ We have n't even started it yet . Their label pitched it to us and we both said we 're down , '' IamSu ! reveals . `` We just work well together . ''
The Bay Area rhymer also shares that 'Sincerely Yours ' was pushed back a few weeks from its April release date because of sample clearance issues . Their debut will now drop on May 13 . To help alleviate the wait , fans should be expecting the music video to the 2 Chainz and Sage the Gemini-featured song 'Only That Real ' next week . The delay for the video 's release is due to animation sequences , according to IamSu !
' I Love My Squad ' will be the next single off the album , and IamSu ! will also shoot the accompanying music video next week . This is one busy guy .
As for what fans can expect from 'Sincerely Yours , ' IamSu ! taps Bay Area legends Too $ hort and E-40 , Sage the Gemini , Wiz Khalifa and Taylor Gang 's Berner for the effort .
`` It just worked out naturally ; those are all my homies that I named , '' IamSu ! says of the collaborators .
Tha Bizness , Jake One , Trackademicks and the Invasion will have production credits on the project .
During the 'Sincerely Yours ' listening , the names of the songs were hard to catch , however , it feels like a very quick-moving effort for 15 tracks . It 's fluent , too , which is impressive with the variety of producers involved . 'Sincerely Yours ' features the digestible hi-hats and snaps IamSu ! succeeded in curating on last year 's 'Kilt 2 , ' but there is a more pronounced presence of synths here . Certain tracks give their debut a slightly moodier feel .
Take a look at IamSu ! 's Slvstr-designed 'Sincerely Yours ' album cover .
The four smaller German parties - the Left party , the Green party , the Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) and the Free Democrats ( FDP ) - clashed in a TV debate on Wednesday night .
The four parties are all hoping to come third in the September 24 national elections . The latest polls show them garnering between 8 and 10 percent of the vote , with the AfD currently in the lead at 10 percent .
With the two big parties - Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Christian Democrats ( CDU ) and the Social Democrats ( SPD ) - having been in a Grand Coalition for years now and with their positions increasingly similar , all eyes are on the smaller parties to shake things up , serve as kingmaker or join a three-party coalition , which would be a first at the federal level .
Read more : What you need to know about germany 's political parties
Ahead of the debate , viewers were able to vote on what topics would be discussed . Here 's what dominated the debate :
Immigration and refugees
Predictably , the populist , right-wing AfD candidate , Alice Weidel , blamed refugees for negatively affecting security . Weidel claimed that just 0.5 percent of refugees coming to Germany were actually eligible for asylum . Hence they say the AfD favors stricter border controls .
The Green Party candidate , Katrin Göring-Eckardt , wants to keep the borders open and pointed out that they grew up in the former East Germany , where people knew what it was like to be fenced in . They also stressed that Islamist radicalization often happened in Germany and was n't necessarily coming from migrants who came to the country in the last few years .
The Left party co-leader , Katja Kipping , is also in favor of granting asylum to those in need . Them party also demands an end to Afghans being deported to their home country .
The FDP candidate , Christian Lindner , reiterated one of the key demands of the liberal , business-friendly party - an immigration law similar to Canada 's , so Germany can decide who is needed to boost the workforce and help curb a shortage of skilled workers .
Read more : Meet the German parties ' top candidates
German election campaign placards Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) After three terms in office , Chancellor Angela Merkel is no stranger to election posters . With a budget of 20 million euros , the conservative Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) is pinning up some 22,000 placards across Germany . The use of a deconstructed German flag brings out the party 's patriotism , while the main focus of slogans is on issues such as security , family and work .
German election campaign placards Social Democrats ( SPD ) The Social Democrats are keeping it classic with their long-time red , square logo . Posters concentrate on topics such as education , family , pension , investment and wage inequality . At the end of their 24-million-euro campaign , the SPD is planning a final crusade ahead of election day , which still remains under wraps .
German election campaign placards Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) More than 5 million euros have been spent on the liberal FDP 's poster campaign . With their black and white photoshoot , the FDP have gone for thoroughly modern marketing , with one man at the center : Christian Lindner . Voters , however , will have a hard time reading the text heavy posters . `` Impatience is also a virtue , '' reads the slogan .
German election campaign placards The Green Party The Greens have remained faithful to their cause and focused on classic topics such as the environment , integration and peace . `` Environment is n't everything . But without the environment , everything is nothing , '' says the slogan . A mainstay on all of the posters is the party 's sunflower logo .
German election campaign placards Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) The prize for most controversial placards goes , without doubt , to the right-wing AfD . From afar , the poster showing a smiling , pregnant woman seems innocent until the slogan becomes legible : `` New Germans ? We make them ourselves . '' In another poster , set against the background image of three bikini-clad women , the AfD asks : `` Burkas ? We like bikinis . ''
German election campaign placards The Left Party The Left party have certainly given their best to use as many fonts as possible . In a combination of font and wordplay , this slogan one reads : `` [ Colorful ] People . Decisively against right-wing hate . '' Affordable rents , fairer pensions and an end to arms exports are the main issues for the leftist party . Author : Kate Brady
Policing
All four parties demand more police to combat terrorism amongst other things .
FDP : People identified as potential threats to national security should be under constant surveillance , demands increase of 15,000 police
Greens/Left party : demand better pay , especially in the lower ranks of the police force
AfD : wants to introduce police body cameras , increased use of DNA analysis
Read more : Wahl-O-Mat app pairs voters with political parties
German political parties you 've never heard of The Animal Protection Party In Germany , animal rights activists block off whole highways to make sure toads can cross them safely . So it 's no wonder that a party like `` Human Environment Animal Welfare '' exists . But maybe the larger Green Party has taken the wind out of the animal protectors ' sails a bit . In 2013 , they could only sway around 140,000 out of Germany 's almost 62 million eligible voters .
German political parties you 've never heard of The Republicans This one is slightly confusing . Germany has its own Republicans - the REP , as they 're known here , have no relation to the party of US President Donald Trump . German Republicans are right-wing nationalists who call themselves `` conservative patriots '' and say they 're fighting to `` preserve our culture and identity . ''
German political parties you 've never heard of The Party Yep , this party 's simply called The Party . It was founded in 2004 by the editors of German satire magazine `` Titanic . '' The party head is Martin Sonneborn ( pictured ) , who won The Party a seat in the European Parliament in 2014 . Maybe this can improve The Party 's results in the upcoming Bundestag election . In the previous one , it claimed fewer than 79,000 votes .
German political parties you 've never heard of Referendum Party For the party `` Starting now ... Democracy through referendums - politics for the people , '' Switzerland is a big role model . Politicians in the German Referendum Party want all political decisions made by the people . They say this would democratize the `` rule of the parties '' and would lead to policies focused on the voter instead of pharmaceutical or banking lobbyists .
German political parties you 've never heard of Marxist-Leninist Party of Germany The MLPD is a small party even though half of Germany was once Communist : While the country was divided from 1949 to 1989 , East Germany was ruled by the Socialist Unity Party . Today , the far-left MLPD does n't play a role in German politics . In the last Bundestag election they got a mere 24,000 votes .
German political parties you 've never heard of Christians for Germany `` Alliance C - Christians for Germany '' is a Christian party that was created in 2015 when the Christian-fundamentalist Party of Bible-abiding Christians and the Party for Labor , Environment and Family merged . The party advocates what they see as biblical values : citizen freedom , the rule of law , marriage , family and the preservation of God 's creation .
German political parties you 've never heard of The Humanists In a country so often governed by Christian Democrats , perhaps it 's no surprise that a party called The Humanists is only running in one state . Founded in 2014 , with fewer than 200 members , its motto is `` freedom , fairness , progress . '' The party 's lengthy program addresses aspects including an end to government funding for churches in Germany .
German political parties you 've never heard of V-Partei³ Voters almost across the board can vote for the V-Partei³ ( the V-cubed party ) - the party for `` Veränderung '' ( `` change '' in English ) , Vegetarians and Vegans . Founded in 2016 at the Veggieworld trade fair in Munich , the party has about 1,200 members . By 2030 , they 'd like to see all butchers go out of business , true to their motto : `` We love life . ''
German political parties you 've never heard of Alliance for an Unconditional Basic Income Several countries have launched basic income pilot projects and the new German party Alliance for an Unconditional Basic Income is also asking for just that : a basic income for everyone , no matter whether they work or not . Voters in all 16 federal states can cast their ballot for this alliance - even if it remains up in the air how the party would finance such an income , and how much it would be .
German political parties you 've never heard of Bergpartei Despite its name , the Berlin-only Bergpartei ( mountain party ) has nothing to do with climbing . In an alliance with the Über-Party , it 's finally made the electoral roll at the fourth attempt . Members describe themselves as `` artists , former squatters , job hoppers , media guys and other creative people '' - and for a lack of funds , these leftists design their own campaign posters .
German political parties you 've never heard of DU - The Urban Another Berlin-only party is the spanking new The Urban , a Hip-Hop Party : 253 members and counting , hoping to propagate what links them , the essence of hip-hop music - respect , a sense of community and creativity . The party program has a special focus on anti-racism and anti-discrimination .
German political parties you 've never heard of The Pensioners You wo n't see this group on the ballot in the 2017 Bundestag elections anymore : the German Pensioner Party has retired . In the 2013 elections , it got a mere 25,000 votes and in 2016 , party officials disbanded it for good . Author : Carla Bleiker , Dagmar Breitenbach
Jobs and pay
Left party : demands a 12-euro minimum wage and an end to short-term contracts as well as a 1,050-euro guaranteed monthly pension .
FDP : favors facilitating home ownership as a means to avoid being poor in old age . True to its roots , chairperson Lindner demanded lower taxes .
AfD : also demands lower taxes , but also an end to temp work .
Greens : rejected Lindner 's home ownership policy , pointing out that many people could never save enough to enable them to own their own home . Also favors a guaranteed pension and a higher minimum wage .
The idea that became Habitat for Humanity first grew from the fertile soil of Koinonia Farm , a community farm outside of Americus , Georgia , founded by farmer and biblical scholar Clarence Jordan .
On the farm , Jordan and Habitat 's eventual founders Millard and Linda Fuller developed the concept of “ partnership housing. ” The concept centered on those in need of adequate shelter working side by side with volunteers to build decent , affordable houses . The houses would be built at no profit . New homeowners ' house payments would be combined with no-interest loans provided by supporters and money earned by fundraising to create “ The Fund for Humanity , ” which would then be used to build more homes .
Beau and Emma were the owners of the first home built by Koinonia 's Partnership Housing Program . They and their five children moved into a concrete-block home with a modern kitchen , indoor bathroom and heating system , replacing the unpainted , uninsulated shack with no plumbing where they had previously lived .
In 1973 , the Fullers decided to take the Fund for Humanity concept to Zaire , now the Democratic Republic of Congo . After three years of hard work to launch a successful house building program there , the Fullers then returned to the United States and called together a group of supporters to discuss the future of their dream : Habitat for Humanity International , founded in 1976 .
The times have changed , the build site locations have grown in number , but the very real change that Beau and Emma 's family experienced is shared by families today who partner with Habitat to build or improve a place they can call home . Thanks in no small part to the personal involvement of U.S. President Jimmy Carter and their wife Rosalynn and the awareness they have raised , Habitat now works in nearly 1,400 communities across the U.S. and in approximately 70 countries and has helped more than 13 million people achieve strength , stability and independence through safe , decent and affordable shelter .
Date and time depicted : 10/3/1949 15:05:12-15:07:01
Events observed : A tall Caucasian male , seemingly in their mid-twenties , leaning on a fence post , surrounded by farmland . They are wearing a white undershirt , black work trousers , and a wide-rimmed cap . The subject of the footage seems to be watching something out of frame , and begins to smile at 15:06:22 and remains visibly amused until the end of the clip .
Date and time depicted : 3/3/1315 7:12:21-7:15:44
Events observed : A dark-skinned , presumably Mesoamerican youth wearing animal furs and a colorful arm band climbing a tree , alone , in what appears to be an equatorial rain forest . At 7:14:34 the boy falls from an approximate height of five meters and screams in pain before apparently blacking out . Footage rolls of the unconscious boy for another 44 seconds .
Date and time depicted : 4/29/2028 16:14:10-16:15:26
Events observed : Three British youths , walking on the side of a busy motorway , discussing a particularly disliked teacher . They appear to be in the early teens , aged 12-14 . Each wears black pants and a red shirt of flexible , nylon-like fabric , and a belt featuring a green ram insignia on the buckle . Several unique slang words can be heard during the conversation , including referring to a female as `` mapped , '' and using the phrase `` right flat , '' several times to express disdain for an assignment .
Date and time depicted : 12/25/1990 6:35:45-6:36:31
Events observed : An African-American girl , presumably aged 5-8 years , opens a large , extravagantly decorated box . After discovering its contents , a tabby American Shorthair kitten , the girl expresses extreme happiness and proceeds to hop onto a nearby couch and scream `` thank you , daddy '' repeatedly into a throw pillow .
Date and time depicted : 12/25/1987 5:45:55-5:48:52
Events observed : A blonde Caucasian boy , of similar age to the girl in the previous entry , sitting upright in bed . The boy sniffles as sounds of two adults ( presumably their parents ) fighting can be heard in the background . They yelp at the sudden noise of a door slamming , reaches under their pillow , retrieves a red-and-green envelope , and tears it up violently while the sniffling transitions into suppressed sobs .
I was under the impression that these clips played in a random order . The fact that these two clips appeared consecutively is either an astronomical coincidence or proves that this is not the case . - Dr. ████████
Date and time depicted : [ REDACTED ]
Events observed : Footage of what appears to be the interior of Facility-███ , located in ████████ , just minutes before SCP-███ and SCP-████ orchestrate a major containment breach . Researchers and other personnel are documented as they learn of the breach and attempt to prevent or flee it . Notable individuals appearing on the film include Dr. ████████ and Dr. █████ , both of whom were reported dead after the breach originally occurred . Despite their efforts , which seem to be the focus of the footage , SCP-████ finds and ████████████████████ Dr. ███████ with its ████████████████████████ resulting in their ████████████████████████████ and eventual death by blood loss . SCP-███ can be seen to ████████████ Dr. █████ fourteen times before they eventually ████████████████████████████████ which lasts for one minute and fourteen seconds .
Date and time depicted : 7/27/2099 9:05:31-9:08:31
Events observed : A crowded arena filled predominantly with teenagers and young adults . Roughly half of the visible individuals are wearing tight blue one-pieces with padded shoulders , the other half wearing red outfits of the same nature . Each individual seems to be holding a glowing yellow baton estimated to be about 14 inches long . It is theorized that the gathering could be part of a mass sport , as the participants seem to be trying to hit others who are wearing the opposite color with the batons . When a baton connects with a vital area , the person hit seems to go limp for an indiscernible period of time . The ultimate goal of the game is unclear given the time of the clip and frame of view , but it seems that members of each team are trying to cross into an `` enemy territory '' without being incapacitated .
Date and time depicted : [ REDACTED ]
Events observed : A ██-second static shot of an apartment complex located in Uptown ██████████ . While filmed from too far away to discern any details concerning specific address , photo analysis software has proven that the building is without a doubt the ██████████ Apartments , which happens to be Dr. ████████ 's current place of residence .
While tonally unlike any previously-seen footage , we have no reason to believe this to be anything other than a coincidence . At least , I seriously hope this is n't anything other than a coincidence.- Dr. ████████
Date and time depicted : 6/16/1219 14:24:42-14:25:50
Events observed : An African man wearing a leather skirt surrounded by a crowd of similarly-dressed onlookers . They perform a series of acrobatic maneuvers , ending with a backflip over a campfire , and is met by applause from the crowd . A child breaks from the group and hands the man a flower .
Date and time depicted : 9/08/ ████ 38:13:32-38:14:22
Events observed : A group of humans , arms intertwined , running on completely flat , red terrain . Analysis of the strides of these unidentified humans indicates that they measure between 6'11 '' and 7 ' 5 '' tall . The humans seem to be completely hairless , and have a reddish tone to their skin unlike that of any known race . They wear skin-tight black pants and colorful bracer-like arm coverings . Each bracer 's pattern and color seems to be unique to the individual and crafted of thin metal . There are no distinguishable landscape patterns shown in the frame of the video .
Date and time depicted : [ REDACTED ]
Events observed : Dr. ████████ , head of research on SCP-2335 , sleeping in their bed with their wife . The room 's lights are on , but the subjects of the footage remain asleep . The camera slowly zooms in on Dr. ████████ 's face , and remains there for thirteen seconds before the lights flip off and the clip ends .
Testing at this time will be suspended until we can understand this thing 's motives . I know it is n't proven to be malevolent , but I really do n't like that it knows where I live.- Dr. ████████
Dr. ████████ has backed out of the investigation of SCP-2335 , and research will now be headed by me.- Dr.███████████
Date and time depicted : 12/12/1212 12:12:12-12:12:24
Events observed : The clip is roughly twelve seconds long , and consists of a man dressed in velvet garments reminiscent of an early Italian Barone reaching into a large steaming receptacle and retrieving a handful of metallic shavings . The shavings appear to be composed of gold . At 12:12:20 the man begins to laugh and throw the shavings in the air .
Date and time depicted : [ REDACTED ]
Events observed : A stabilized , static shot of what appears to be the face of a decidedly non-human entity , bearing marked physiological similarities to recorded instances of SCP-███ , who seems to be staring at the camera directly . After a brief pause , the entity cocks its head , a movement reminiscent of confusion or curiosity , and gestures to something out-of-frame . Exactly twelve seconds after this movement , the entity began to vocalize , and with a slight delay said `` How did you find us ? Who are you ? '' This message was repeated in eight popular languages , later confirmed to be of identical meaning . When Dr. ████████ later responded vocally to this question , the entity began to reply only in English . The interaction is recorded below .
Further testing is temporarily discontinued and awaiting O5 approval .
Conor McGregor faces Jose Aldo in a highly anticipated bout on July , and most pundits have the bout close to even with the two highly adept strikers likely to go tit-for-tat on the feet . Odds have flipped flopped since the announcement of the bout , and McGregor currently stands as a slight underdog at +133 .
McGregor 's coach John Kavanagh wrote about the match up on The 42 , and naturally they predicted that their fighter would win by stoppage during the early rounds :
`` I expect the fight to go one of two ways : they 'll exchange shots and Aldo will go down in one round , or else Aldo will grapple their way into the second round — maybe even the third — but that will tire them because he 's not used to doing that . Then Conor will put them away . ''
That 's not a surprising prediction on it 's own , but what 's eye catching is how Kavanagh believes McGregor stacks up to Aldo on the ground .
There are a lot of unknown variables , but conventional wisdom based on their credentials state that Aldo will have the distinct advantage on the ground . After all , Aldo started out as a decorated BJJ competitor , winning a world championship in 2004 as a brown belt and subsequently earning their black belt .
Aldo also holds two wins in BJJ against a grappling legend in 'Cobrinha ' , a 6-time world champion who is considered one of the best practitioners of the decade . Despite their credentials though , Kavanagh boldly states that they would n't be surprised if their pupil wins by submission :
Conor is a brown belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu now , and he 's given hell to every black belt he 's trained with . ... I 'll put it like this : it would n't shock me at all if Conor were to submit Aldo , especially as Aldo starts to tire . Conor has a fantastic guillotine off their back and a really good triangle and armbar too , so there 'll be plenty of opportunities to submit Aldo when fatigue sets in and they start to leave themselves exposed . That could be one that 's worth a few quid in the bookies . I 've never seen Conor roll with a black belt and look out of place . Conor is a very high-level brown belt , not far off black-belt level at all , and at that level there 's not much difference between the two . Conor by submission , it could definitely happen .
One of McGregor 's main training partners is Gunnar Nelson , a top notch UFC welterweight and a decorated BJJ blackbelt himself . Working with the Pan-Ams champ will surely help shore up their ground game , but will McGregor be able to submit Aldo to notch their first submission in the UFC and just the second in their career ?
Sure , they can probably tire or punch Aldo enough to demote them back to a blue belt , but even then , finishing by submission does n't seem like one of the more likely outcomes to me . If we look at past fights , McGregor 's killer instincts have always shown them to favor strikes over subs when smelling blood . I doubt that 's suddenly going to change during the biggest fight of their career , but I guess we will find out in 3 months .
THE Red Hot Chili Peppers have been confirmed to headline the 2013 Big Day Out .
The Killers , Yeah Yeah Yeahs , Vampire Weekend and the Bloody Beetroots lead the international roll call of artists for the revamped major festival which kicks off in Sydney on January 18 .
Scroll down for the full 2013 Big Day Out line-up
Gallery : Your pics from the 2012 Big Day Out
Video : Celebrating Big Day Out style
The Chili Peppers will not be playing side shows during the Big Day Out tour .
`` We have a special place in our hearts for Australia . We 've been coming there for 20 years now , `` Chili Peppers drummer Chad Smith said .
`` Our bassist Flea , Michael Balzary , is a Melbourne-born boy , so it 's always fun when we hit their hometown .
`` The whole country is just about warmth and love and wonderful hospitality. ``
Watch the Red Hot Chilli Peppers make their own BDO announcement ( Language warning ) :
Heading the local artists to star on the bill is Australia 's breakthrough rapper 360 and Grinspoon .
Big Day Out cofounder Ken West enlisted American promoters C3 Presents after splitting with their longtime partner Vivian Lees before the 2012 festival .
They said the new-look event would return to the festival 's early ethos of showcasing emerging acts alongside big-name alternative bands .
`` We ca n't reinvent the wheel in a year but I think the line-up is great and the punters will have a high-quality , fresh experience , '' they said .
`` Getting the Chili Peppers to headline was pivotal in allowing us to build the show . ''
Pre-sale tickets are available at General Pants stores this morning with the general sale from Thursday from 7pm via bigdayout.com for $ 165 .
The full 2013 Big Day Out line-up :
RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS
THE KILLERS
YEAH YEAH YEAHS
VAMPIRE WEEKEND
BAND OF HORSES
THE BLOODY BEETROOTS LIVE
KASKADE
ANIMAL COLLECTIVE
B.o.B
SLEIGH BELLS
FOALS
ALABAMA SHAKES
360
CRYSTAL CASTLES
PRETTY LIGHTS
OFF !
GRINSPOON
AGAINST ME !
GARY CLARK JR
NICKY ROMERO
MORGAN PAGE
LOGO
EVERY TIME I DIE
DELTA SPIRIT
CHILDISH GAMBINO
ME
HUNTING GROUNDS
JEFF THE BROTHERHOOD
DEATH GRIPS
ADVENTURE CLUB
JAGWAR MA
HOUSE VS HURRICANE
AVALANCHE CITY
TOUCAN
HELENA
NINA LAS VEGAS
SAMPOLOGY
Big Day Out 2013
Friday 18 January – SYDNEY - Showgrounds
Sunday 20 January - GOLD COAST - Parklands
Friday 25 January – ADELAIDE - Showground
Saturday 26 January – MELBOURNE - Flemington Racecourse
Monday 28 January - PERTH - Claremont Showgrounds
Originally published as Red Hot Chili Peppers headline BDO
Once upon a time , it was gauche to accuse one 's ideological opposition of exploiting the rules by which the Congressional Budget Office plays the scoring game . It 's worth revisiting this idea in the wake of MIT academic Jonathan Gruber 's admission of guilt to this charge .
Way back in 2011 , there were conservatives writing about how the CBO 's score of the Affordable Care Act rested on `` budget gimmicks , '' `` smoke and mirrors , '' and `` a dismal track record . ''
Vox 's Ezra Klein , then at the Washington Post , declared that there was a `` Republican war on the CBO , '' and said that it was `` an effort to discredit the last truly neutral , truly respected scorekeeper in Washington . '' It 's true that the CBO is immensely respected : a bad CBO score can kill a major piece of legislation , and a good CBO score will help convince fence-sitters that legislation has limited downside . And it 's not that the CBO is n't valuable . Republicans never hated the player ; they just hated the game .
The CBO has rules that they have to abide by and judgment calls they have to make . It 's not math that Republicans took issue with . It 's the subjectivity that definitionally has to be involved . The CBO , for example , scores all legislation in a ten-year budget window from date of enactment . Not the date that a policy comes into effect , mind you ; the date that it 's passed . This is a useful rule , because it 's often nearly useless to extrapolate government policy out past ten years . But what it means is that if a governing party wants to frontload budget savings and backload the costs , it 'll get a much more favorable score than if the costs and savings were scored over ten years of enactment . It 's undeniable that this happened with ACA , as the costs of full implementation have only just come into effect ( and they 're still not 100 % in effect ; the Cadillac tax wo n't take hold for another few years ) even though the legislation was signed in 2010 .
Obamacare Architect/Non-Architect/Friend/Adjacent Policy Guy Jonathan Gruber admitted as much . President Obama needed to include an individual mandate in their health law or the whole thing would fall apart . The problem was that the CBO had , in the past , scored private sector mandates as on-budget . These were thought to have killed the Clinton health reform plan in 1994 . Obama-era Democrats - most likely with Gruber 's help - massaged their plan in order to fit CBO 's judgment of what kind of private sector mandate would n't count as a tax . And this is indeed a judgment call . The Supreme Court ruled that the individual mandate 's constitutionality rests on the government 's taxing power after the CBo ruled that the mandate did n't count as a tax . That 's a difficult needle to thread , but the Democrats , with Jonathan Gruber 's assistance , managed to make it happen .
So instead of a piece of legislation whose spending is near $ 2 trillion over ten years , ACA 's delayed phase-in gives us an official CBO spending estimate of $ 800 billion . Instead of a bill where we see mandate-tax increases on all Americans , we discuss the bill as something with minimal tax hikes like the Cadillac tax and the tanning salon tax .
Republican allegations that the CBO score was achieved through budget gimmicks and smoke and mirrors were correct all along . There was no `` war '' on the CBO here . It was a war on the Obamacare architects who gamed the process , using the CBO 's own rules against them , and presented to the public a legislation that used every loophole possible to hide its true costs and taxes .
This is n't to say that there have been no Republicans who have gone beyond merely criticizing the way that policymakers have exploited the CBO 's self-imposed rules . Newt Gingrich called to `` abolish the Congressional Budget Office because it lies , '' which is overboard and unhelpful . For all of the faults of the CBO - and there are many - it 's a necessary institution in Washington and imperative for getting ballpark scores . But for all the reasons outlined , and for Jonathan Gruber 's comments , a CBO score should not be a conversation-ender . CBO projections have been wrong , and legislators have turned its scores into such a powerful weapon that policymakers like Gruber are consistently attempting to game the system to produce favorable numbers .
There are other scorekeepers in the game whose legislative analysis is useful as well . The Joint Committee on Taxation scores legislation , as do think tanks like the Heritage Foundation and the Committee on Budget and Policy Priorities . All of these methods have their own upsides and downsides - CBO 's upsides included . What 's dangerous is worshiping at the alter of the CBO and refusing to lend credence to other scorekeepers . The problem is precisely that the CBO is viewed as the `` last truly neutral , truly respected scorekeeper . '' That 's what Republican complaints about the CBO 's ACA score were getting at - and that 's what needs to change .
Increase Productivity With Smart Group Commands
Varun Raj Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 12 , 2016
Smart Group Commands are a series of short shell scripts that helps you stay productive . With these commands , you just have to hit less than 5 keys rather than lengthy commands , to get the job done .
Currently , I 've included shortcuts to work with some of the most commonly used Git operations . But there 's more in the pipeline for this project .
Commands
Simple Add , Commit , and Push
sgc `` Your commit message ''
The above command derives
git add .
git commit -m `` Your commit message ''
git push origin master
2 . Commit and push to upstream
sgc -u `` Your commit message ''
The above command derives
git add .
git commit -m `` Your commit message ''
git push upstream master
3 . Commit and push to gh-pages
sgc -gh `` Your commit message ''
The above command derives
git add .
git commit -m `` Your commit message ''
git push origin gh-pages
4 . Fetch and merge from origin master
sgc fo
The above command derives
git fetch origin master
git merge origin/master
5 . Fetch and merge from upstream master
sgc fu
The above command derives
git fetch upstream master
git merges upstream/master
6 . Bundle and bower install ( Rails Users )
sgc bi
The above command derives
bundle install
bower install
Installation
sgc comes with simple installation , run the following wget or curl to install .
wget
wget -O - https : //raw.githubusercontent.com/varun-raj/sgc/master/install.sh | bash
curl
curl -s https : //raw.githubusercontent.com/varun-raj/sgc/master/install.sh | bash
For Contributing
?
Um… I 'm not sure how to tell you this , but , despite all logic and seemingly good sense , there 's going to be a Gattaca TV series . As in the 1997 movie starring Ethan Hawke and Uma Thurman about genetics and space travel and murder and some shit . This makes no fucking sense to me . Like everything else on TV that 's not a hospital drama or a reality show , it will be a police procedural , just with the genetically perfect Valids clashing with the genetically crappy Invalids serving as racism or some such , according to writer/producer Gil Grant at MTV .
Chris Cummins sent me the tip in the midst of several hundred words of vile profanity ; apparently he 's a big fan of the film , and is not that excited about the potential series . Frankly , I 'm just disturbed that 12-year-old movie bombs with Ethan Hawke in them can still become contemporary TV shows . I had n't given this 2012 apocalypse theory much credibility before , but if this is n't a sign that signals worldwide destruction in the near future , I do n't know what is .
According to president Vladimir Putin , Russia 's objectives in Ukraine have been the same since the beginning of civil unrest there—a stable national government that represents and respects all of its people . Why then , has there been so little willingness to work together with Russia to end this crisis ?
The most obvious answer is Russia 's annexation of Crimea , which many Western governments have interpreted as a rejection of the post–Cold War status quo and a possible prelude to further territorial expansion . To be fair , however , Putin addressed both of these points in their speech to the Federal Assembly on March 18 . Crimea , they insisted , was an exceptional circumstance—a unique combination of the overwhelming desire of the local population to secede from Ukraine , and the need to prevent military clashes on the peninsula , which might escalate and involve the Russian troops already stationed there . Russia , they have said repeatedly since then , desires no expansion and poses no challenge to the international order .
Russia 's actions in eastern Ukraine provide a good test of whether Crimea is indeed an exception , or a prelude to further expansion . Russia has responded to popular aspirations in eastern Ukraine very differently from the way it responded in Crimea . These differences , however , have been ignored by most Western observers , who base their analysis on three assumptions . First , that despite their disavowals , Putin is in fact actively supporting the rebels with weapons and finances . Second , that without this support , the rebellion would collapse for lack of popular support . And finally , that once the rebellion is suppressed , Ukraine will embark on economic and political reforms that will stabilize the country .
Because each of these assumptions is quite far from the mark , not surprisingly , so is Western policy toward both Ukraine and Russia .
Who Is Fighting and Why
The most remarkable thing about the claims that Russia is officially supporting the rebels in Ukraine is how little evidence there is to back them up after five months of fighting . During this time , Ukrainian officials have claimed almost monthly that Russian military forces have invaded . NATO has endorsed these claims by providing satellite images that it says show Russian military equipment inside Ukraine , but which Moscow claims are faked . But while Kiev recently claimed that “ thousands ” of Russian soldiers and hundreds of tanks are fighting on its soil , it has been able to demonstrate just nine soldiers who , according to Moscow , inadvertently crossed the border in late August . That is the sum total captured during the entire five-month period , though many more are said to have been killed .
American officials routinely support such claims by Kiev but have been at pains to provide any more evidence . Instead , State Department spokespersons have pointed to social media and blithely asserted that “ the Russian separatists . . . could not be doing what they 're doing without the Russians . ”
This is a telling statement , not only because it utterly confuses Ukrainians with Russians , and rebel insurgents with official troops , but because it assumes that the insurgency has no native resources or support . This fits with the notion , popular in the West , that the grievances of the Donbass are contrived , and that the entire conflict was manufactured in the Kremlin .
This view of the conflict , however , stands in sharp contrast to sociological surveys taken in April , May and June of this year—all since the onset of the military campaign against the rebels . Detailed survey findings are available in Russian on the website of the Kiev International Institute of Sociology , but a summary has recently been translated and posted on the website of the Washington Post by University of Ottawa professor Ivan Katchanovski .
Among its key points : the Ukrainian public remains sharply divided over the legitimacy of the protests on the Maidan , and the coup that removed President Yanukovych from office . While there is little love for Yanukovych anywhere in Ukraine , three-quarters of the populations in Ukraine 's eastern cities regard the Euromaidan protests as illegal .
Specifically , two-thirds of Donbass residents consider the Maidan to have been “ an armed overthrow of the government , organized by the opposition , with the assistance of the West. ” A similar percentage believes that the Right Sector is “ a prominent military formation that is politically influential and poses a threat to the citizens and national unity. ” That may explain why most people in the eastern and southern regions of Ukraine ( 62 percent ) blame the loss of Crimea on Kiev , rather than on Crimean separatists ( 24 percent ) , or on Russia ( 19 percent ) .
Majorities in Donbass ( 60 percent in Donetsk and 52 percent in Lugansk ) disagree with the view that Russia is organizing the rebels and guiding their actions . Moreover , if a referendum were held today ( April 2014 ) , only 25 percent would want to join EU , compared to 47 percent wanting to join the Eurasian Customs Union .
It should be noted that early on , the rebel leaders in Donbass were demanding only greater local autonomy within Ukraine , through a referendum on federalism . After Kiev rejected this , however , local attitudes hardened . A Gallup survey in June of this year , funded by the U.S. government 's Broadcasting Board of Governors , concluded that Ukraine “ is more divided now than it was before events starting in Crimea in March . '' As much has been acknowledged by Kiev 's own appointed governor for the Donetsk region Sergei Taruta .
This is not to say that there have not been foreign volunteers crossing over the Russian border to fight alongside the rebels , just as there are foreign volunteers fighting in the forces fighting against them . In both cases , however , they seem to be a fairly small percentage of total fighters ( nongovernment estimates range from a mere handful , to as high as 30-40 percent ) . Most media accounts have pegged the rebel fighters as disgruntled locals , and it is not hard to imagine that their ranks have been bolstered by some of the twenty-thousand law-enforcement personnel ( nearly 1500 in Donbass alone ) who have been summarily fired and threatened with prosecution for treason by the current Ukrainian Minister of Interior , Arsen Avakov .
It is sometimes said that the while Russia may not be officially supporting the rebels , it is surely providing them with indirect support by allowing volunteers and weapons to cross the border . Even this version of official Russian complicity , however , has been challenged by some Western reporters on the scene , most notably , Mark Franchetti who wrote a remarkable piece for the London Sunday Times after spending several weeks embedded with rebel forces . Their assessment is backed by the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights and the OSCE observer mission that has been deployed to the border region since the end of July . Both say they have seen no evidence of weapons or military personnel crossing from Russia into Ukraine during this time , even as U.S. and NATO officials say the exact opposite . Moreover , between April and July of 2014 , as Russian Ministry of Defense likes to point out , eighteen international inspection teams visited the border region and found “ no violations or undeclared military activity . ”
Nor can the presence of weapons manufactured in Russia among the rebels , even large caliber ones , be considered a wholly reliable indicator of official Russian involvement . First , because such weapons are in abundant supply in Ukraine . Second , because they were easily available to the rebels , either from units that defected to their side , from arms depots they had captured earlier , or by other means .
The following incident is highly suggestive . According to the hacked email correspondence , allegedly sent by the head of the Dnepropetrovsk military security service Colonel V. Pushenko , between June 20 and July 20 , three Ukrainian military units under their jurisdiction “ lost ” ( profukali ) twenty-five tanks , nineteen infantry fighting vehicles , eleven armored personnel carriers , eleven multiple rocket launch systems ( BM21 ) , twelve Grad platforms , five D-30 howitzers , sixteen 82 mm caliber mortars , five automotive tractors and two antiaircraft guns . Somehow all of these wound up in rebel hands .
How Crimea and Donbass Differ
The absence of official Russian support for the rebel cause is important because it highlights the differences between Russia 's approaches to Donbass and Crimea that tell us a good deal about Russia 's overall objectives in Ukraine .
In Crimea , Russian legislators set the stage for official support by visiting the region early on at the request of the Crimean legislature . Only after this visit did Russia up its military presence on the peninsula , within the limits provided by the Black Sea Fleet Treaty , and arrange for some of these forces to assist the regional government and their militias in providing for the local defense . I remind you that this agreement was reached on March 1 , when the Crimean parliament had not yet taken any decision on separation . This military boost proved sufficient to allow the Crimean government to hold a referendum on independence without interference from Kiev .
Following the firing of FBI Director James Comey by President Donald Trump , many Democrats have criticized the President 's decision — despite having called for Comey 's resignation only a few months ago .
Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer told Bloomberg in November that they no longer had confidence in the abilities of former FBI Director James Comey following their decision to reopen an investigation into Hillary Clinton 's emails. “ I do not have confidence in them any longer , ” said Schumer adding , “ to restore my faith , I am going to have to sit down and talk to them and get an explanation for why they did this . ”
In stark contrast to this , Schumer posted two tweets questioning the firing of Comey and calling for a special prosecutor to investigate relations between President Trump and Russia .
First Pres Trump fired Sally Yates , then Preet Bharara . Now # Comey . Does n't seem like an accident . We must have a special prosecutor . — Chuck Schumer ( @ SenSchumer ) May 9 , 2017
If we do n't get a special prosecutor , every American will rightfully suspect that the decision to fire # Comey was part of a cover-up . — Chuck Schumer ( @ SenSchumer ) May 9 , 2017
Minority Leader of the U.S. House of Representatives , Nancy Pelosi also previously opposed Comey , telling CNN in November that they were no longer suited to the position of FBI Director . “ Maybe he 's not in the right job , ” said Pelosi following Comey 's reopening of the Clinton email investigation , “ I think that we have to just get through this election and just see what the casualties are along the way . ”
However , Tuesday , Pelosi tweeted a link to their full statement on the firing of Comey saying that Comey 's departure “ raises the ghosts of some of the worst Executive Branch abuses . ”
. @ realDonaldTrump 's brazen firing of # FBIDirector raises the ghosts of some of the worst Executive Branch abuses . https : //t.co/7yORPHGLnQ pic.twitter.com/zzjGvA15rQ — Nancy Pelosi ( @ NancyPelosi ) May 10 , 2017
Former Democratic Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders told ABC 's This Week in January that James Comey should consider resigning having acted in an “ outrageous way ” during the presidential election . “ I think they should take a hard look at what they have done . And I think it would not be a bad thing for the American people if they did step down , ” said Sanders , “ I think that Comey acted in an outrageous way during the campaign and , you know , no one can say that this was decisive and this was what elected Trump , but clearly their behavior during the campaign in terms of what they said in the week or two before the election was unacceptable . ”
Tuesday , Sanders posted multiple tweets relating to the firing of James Comey , claiming that their dismissal implied that the Trump administration was attempting to hide something .
Donald Trump 's decision to fire FBI Director James Comey raises serious questions about what their administration is hiding . — Bernie Sanders ( @ SenSanders ) May 9 , 2017
Sanders also claimed that the Trump administration is unable to pick an FBI Director that would objectively conduct the Trump-Russia probe .
It is clear that whomever President Trump handpicks to lead the FBI will not be able to objectively carry out the Russia investigation . — Bernie Sanders ( @ SenSanders ) May 9 , 2017
In an op-ed for the Hill published last November , Democratic Congressman , Steve Cohen wrote “ For the sake of the FBI , Comey should resign. ” Discussing Comey 's investigation into Hillary Clinton 's emails , Cohen wrote that Comey 's “ actions over the past several days have not only weakened their ability to do their job , but they have severely jeopardized the integrity of the FBI and its duties . ”
However , shortly after the firing of James Comey by President Trump , Cohen tweeted a picture of former president Richard Nixon and called for President Trump to resign .
Even some leftist entertainers had a complete change of heart relating to Comey once they were fired . Keith Olbermann , host of GQ 's The Resistance has previously called for the resignation of James Comey during the investigation into Hillary Clinton 's emails ,
Very simple : FBI Director Comey needs to clarify – today – that these are not emails from , or withheld by , Clinton , or resign immediately — Keith Olbermann ( @ KeithOlbermann ) October 28 , 2016
But later had extremely strong words for the president once Comey was fired ,
TO HELL WITH YOU , YOU MOTHERFUCKING TRAITOR . https : //t.co/joix62LdlM — Keith Olbermann ( @ KeithOlbermann ) May 10 , 2017
Things will never `` calm down '' again UNTIL YOU ARE REMOVED FROM OFFICE , YOU MOTHERFUCKING TRAITOR https : //t.co/rpU41XJVII — Keith Olbermann ( @ KeithOlbermann ) May 10 , 2017
Even TV Show host Stephen Colbert had to correct their own crowd , who cheered when they announced the firing of Comey . The host jokingly accused them of being Trump fans and then promptly instructed them to react negatively to the news ,
Tonight ! Stephen reacts to the day 's big surprise : the firing of James Comey by President Trump . # LSSC pic.twitter.com/axuUmFLtSd — The Late Show ( @ colbertlateshow ) May 10 , 2017
Breitbart Editor-in-Chief posted a tweet that highlighted the irony of the left 's reaction to Comey 's firing and explained exactly how this legitimizes Trump ,
https : //twitter.com/AlexMarlow/status/862086758695002116
Lonely Soul
I
Bright light filled my vision as well as my thoughts . What 's happening ... ? For what felt like hours all I saw was light . As I sat there , engrossed in this light , I thought to myself , Where am I ? What is this light ? What 's going on ? Who am I ? I knew nothing . Neither my whereabouts nor my name . All I knew was a language , a method of thought , and my own physical , healthy , male body , which I dared not move . I felt strong , but I was afraid . I was aware of a lack of sound , scent , and feeling . I understood the senses of my body , but I still did not know who I was . After so long , I noticed the light start to dim a little . I grew excited ; finally I could see where I was . A few more moments and the light went completely black . My body suddenly shook , and my eyes opened .
I sat atop a bright , green hill . The scent of grass was strong , carried to my nose by a cool breeze . I turned my head to see I had been leaning against an old tree . It appeared to be an willow tree , shriveling into its final years .
Then I became aware of my clothes . They felt like hard leather , meant to protect from danger . Steel plating seemed to protect my shoulders , elbows , knees , and feet . My hair blew in the cool breeze , partially obscuring my bright vision . I truly felt alive .
That was when I looked to the distance . My hill seemed to slope down towards a large forest on all sides . From my perch on the hill I could barely see over the trees of the forest , which were dark . Over the treetops mountains could be seen in the distance . Just above , the sun shone brightly , casting even shadows across my hill .
That was when I had the misfortune of investigating the slopes of my hill with my eyes . Small stone structures , with a large one here and there , dotted the hillside , surrounding me , wrapping around the entire hill . If I had to estimate , there were thousands of these stones littering my hill . They could only be one thing : graves .
I started to panic . Who am I ? Where am I ? What 's my name ? Why am I surrounded by graves ? Why are there so many graves ? Where should I go ? I ca n't stay here among these graves .
I had an eerie feeling , and the hairs on my neck began to rise . Having enough of it , I stood up , my clothing ( which I now deemed armor ) chinking with my movements . A small dagger strapped to my waist jostled when I stood up . I felt tall , and I felt powerful . Looking directly in front of me I saw a dirt path winding down the hill in a more-or-less straight fashion . It seemed that there was a path cut right through the gravestones to provide access to the top of the hill . I slowly descended the path , growing farther from the willow tree .
I felt very uncomfortable as I descended through the graveyard . The sheer number of graves was truly horrifying . What happened to all these people ?
When I had come about halfway down the hill , I stopped . I saw something unusual to my left . I stepped into a row of graves , careful not to touch any , and made my way to what I saw . It was a large mausoleum , with a statue of a tall man with a flowing robe on each side . I carefully ascended the short steps of the mausoleum and stopped at its large , dark-hued marble door . I perceived no handle nor any other means of opening it . But that did not interest me at the time . What caught my attention was a bundle of something leaning against the door .
I knelt down and opened the bundle that had been wrapped in brown cloth . Out came a gloriously shining sword , in its sheath , and a shield . I first inspected the sword . It was in a dark brown sheath emblazoned with jewels at the bottom point . The hilt of the sword was encrusted in bright stones that seemed to shine ; these stones were unknown to me . The sword was quite large , and the sheath had a strap that suggested it was meant to hang on one 's back . I pulled the blade slightly out of its sheath to examine it . After investigating the bright , polished steel of the blade , I put it back in its sheath , quickly looked around , saw no other presence of life , and slung the sword onto my back , the hilt protruding near my right shoulder for ease of access . Picking up the shield , I perused its shape . It had a broad top end , curving down to a pointed bottom . On its front was a fantastically ornate willow tree , not too different-looking from the tree on top of my hill . The protective side was made of a polished steel similar to the sword , with a small handle on the inside to hold it at the ready . The shield had a shoulder strap attached as well , so I swiftly swung the strap around my other shoulder . The weight of the sword and shield on my back felt natural , and the straps seemed to fit my body perfectly . Similarly , as I had n't noticed until now , as my armor . Where did my armor come from , and why am I wearing it ? Who left this sword and this shield here ? Why do they appear to be freshly polished ? Why are they adjusted to fit me perfectly ? Why do they feel so right on my body ?
I proceeded back to the main path and continued down the hill . Trying to be more observant , I looked out over the graves as I descended . I could n't find any as grand as the mausoleum I had taken the sword and shield from .
As I neared the bottom the forest came clearly into view . At the foot of the hill was a tall stone wall . The path I was on led to the only way out I could see : a large iron gate that looked as if it had been rusting for years .
I lifted my right arm to place a hand on the closed gate , where both halves of the gate met . There was a small insignia in the center ; the same insignia as the one on my new shield : a willow tree . The moment my palm met the metal , the gate seemed to open of its own accord .
`` Leaving so soon ? ''
I jumped , completely startled , looking around for the source of the noise . Leaning against the stone wall , right beside the gate , was a figure shrouded in a dark gray cloak . A hood obscured their face from my vision .
I tried to speak to him , using the muscles I thought I must , but I could not produce a voice .
`` Leaving before you can even speak ? Such a mute voyage is not suggestible , my friend . '' The figure threw back its hood , revealing the disheveled face of a man who had seen hard years . `` Do n't worry , you 'll remember how to speak soon enough . '' They strode forward to place an arm on my shoulder . I backed off instinctively . `` Glad to see your cautious . If anything , caution will keep you alive in this godforsaken place . '' They looked to the sky , as if they were searching for something . `` Do you remember yet ? ''
I stared . `` Remember what ? '' My voice startled me . It was a pleasantly deep voice .
`` Aha , you 've remembered how to speak so soon ! Splendid ! '' The man 's face broke into a grin that was borderline sinister . `` Now tell me , what 's your name ? ''
`` My name ... ? '' I did n't know . Why do n't I know my name ?
`` Well , whose grave did you wake up in front of ? '' They replied , as if stating something obvious .
Waking up in front of a grave ? `` I did n't . ''
The man replied curtly , `` Did n't what ? ''
`` Wake up in front of a grave . ''
The man was dumbfounded , and started to raise their voice . `` Well where did you ... '' their question trailed off . I followed their gaze over my shoulder to the hilt of my blade . `` That sword ... ''
I protectively placed a hand on it , uncomfortable with the look in the man 's eyes .
Their look changed suddenly to a welcoming face . `` Well , anyway , I 'm Thamis of Igramor . I have taken it upon myself to guide those who have newly awakened . Shall I lead you off this lonely hill ? '' They gestured out the gate , into the gloomy forest before us .
There 's really no choice , is there ? `` Alright . Bring me to somebody who can explain what 's going on . ''
The man bowed . `` Your wish is my command . '' With that they strode through the open gates .
I felt rooted to the spot for a moment , but hesitantly shuffled my feet to follow the strange , cloaked man named Thamis of Igramor .
Let me know what you think ! Chapter 2 is coming soon !
Participants in to Unite Against Fascism march in Edinburgh in 2015 .
Anti-racism campaigners and Scottish MPs have condemned a `` poisonous '' white pride rally that is due to take place in Edinburgh this weekend , just days after the Westminster terror attack .
The far-right National Front group has invited `` all white nationalists '' to march in the Scottish capital for a so-called `` white pride day '' on Saturday , which will coincide with a Sikh religious festival that will see hundreds take to the streets .
To Unite Against Fascism group has organised a counter-rally where campaigners and MPs from Edinburgh will speak out against what has been described as `` a tiny and vicious group of fascists '' .
The SNP MP for Edinburgh East , Tommy Sheppard , told BuzzFeed News they will speak at the counter-rally to send a clear message to the white pride marchers that they 're not welcome in Scotland 's `` liberal and progressive '' capital city .
`` I 'll be talking about the importance to confront racist ideology wherever it raises its head , '' said Sheppard . `` We need more tolerance and a regrettable part of the Brexit campaign was pandering to people 's prejudices against migrants , refugees , and anybody who is other .
`` Actually , in this city , our diversity is our strength – we 're a mongrel nation and proud and the Aryans can fuck off . ''
In democratic countries , disagreeing with government policy is nothing unusual . But Russophobic paranoia has reached such a peak that those who dare to propose better relations with Russia are increasingly facing pressure to be silent . Even daring to suggest that Russian-Western tensions are not entirely Russia 's fault is enough to get one labelled ‘ pro-Russian ' and a possible threat to national security . The struggle with the enemy without has now turned into a struggle against the ‘ enemy within ' .
A report published this week by the Atlantic Council entitled The Kremlin 's Trojan Horses . denounces the ‘ Putinverstehern [ Putin understanderers ] , useful idiots , agents of influence , or Trojan Horses ' who are allegedly subverting European democracy , and proposes various measures which European governments should take against them .
Russia , says the report , is aiming ‘ to sow discord among European Union ( EU ) member states , destabilize European polities , and undermine Western liberal values—democracy , freedom of expression , and transparency ' . It is doing so by building ‘ networks of influence ' in European countries , ‘ that support Russian economic and geopolitical interests , denounce the EU and European integration , propagate a narrative of Western decline , and vote against EU policies on Russia ( most notably sanctions ) —thus legitimating the Kremlin 's military interventionism in Ukraine and Syria , weakening transatlantic institutions , and undermining liberal democratic values . '
In effect , people who sympathize in some ways with the Russian position on Ukraine , and support ‘ rapprochement ' or ‘ appeasement of the Kremlin ' , are witting or unwitting tools of Moscow . As such they pose a dangerous threat to European security .
In the United Kingdom ( UK ) , according to the report , Russia 's ‘ agents of influence ' include the United Kingdom Independence Party ( UKIP ) ; Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn ; Corbyn advisor and Guardian journalist Seamus Milne ; , Conservative MPs David Kawczynski , John Whittingdale , and Robert Halfon ; ex-Labour and Respect MP George Galloway ; the British National Party ; and journalist John Laughland .
For Europe as a whole , the report provides this useful map :
The Atlantic Council urges European governments to take action against these fifth columnists . For instance , the report says that , ‘ German intelligence service should examine Russia 's funding of political groups , media outlets , and civil society organizations . … In the UK , intelligence agencies should be given a clear mandate to investigate foreign funding of political parties . ' Having the wrong political views is now , therefore , sufficient grounds for a visit from the security services .
The report also suggests that ‘ Non-governmental organizations with operations in Western European countries should be required to publically report their funding sources . ' Given the outrage in the West over Russia 's law which declares certain NGOs to be ‘ foreign agents ' , this suggestion is more than a little ironic .
Yet having outed all these people as dangerously ‘ pro-Russian ' , the report admits that Russia 's ‘ web of political networks is hidden and nontransparent by design , making it purposely difficult to expose . Traceable financial links would inevitably make Moscow 's enterprise less effective : … links occur through multiple degrees of separation and chains of operators across sectors . ' In other words , the report 's authors do n't actually have any firm evidence that any of these people are acting on Moscow 's orders .
In reality , they simply disagree with the dominant analysis of international affairs , and feel that their own country 's interests are not well served by confrontation with Russia . This is a perfectly reasonable point of view , and there is nothing subversive or treasonous about it at all .
Advertisements
People power empties threatened library
Posted
The residents of a small town in Britain have borrowed every single book from their local library in an attempt to stop it from being closed .
Until this week , the town of Stony Stratford , a constituent town of Milton Keynes in north Buckinghamshire , was notable only because its two pubs , The Cock and The Bull , were the likely origin of the phrase `` a cock and bull story '' .
But when the Milton Keynes Council decided to close Stony Stratford 's library as part of budget cuts , 6,000 of the town 's residents decided they had another story to tell .
A week ago the library held 16,000 books but today the stunned librarians preside over bare shelves .
The people of Stony Stratford have taken home their maximum allowance of 15 books , including dusty mechanics manuals and flimsy paperback novels .
At one stage during the week , nearly 380 books were being stamped out on loan every hour .
The campaign , called 'Wot No Books ' , was organised on Facebook by Friends of Stony Stratford Library .
The group says the protest aims to show the void that would be left in the community if the library closed .
The Stony Stratford Council has backed the campaign against the Milton Keynes Council , because like many of the town 's groups , it holds its meetings in the library .
The Milton Keynes Council says it will continue to consult with the community about the planned closure .
Topics : community-and-society , arts-and-entertainment , library-museum-and-gallery , human-interest , offbeat , united-kingdom , england
Are you a cartoon fan in need of cheap , reliable transportation in Atlanta ? Here 's a faded red '87 Civic sedan for a very reasonable $ 799 . Oh , did we mention it 's being sold by the guy who voiced Zorak , Moltar , and Dr. Weird ?
Yes , this one-owner Honda currently belongs to C. Martin Croker , animator and voice actor on shows like Space Ghost Coast to Coast and Aqua Teen Hunger Force . That fact has precious little to do with the mechanicals of the car , which needs a battery and some brake work . But as Croker says in their ad , `` lots of Space Ghost , Brak Show , and Aqua Teen activity went down in this car over the years . It 's practically a piece of animation history . ''
Among '87 Honda Civics , it 's hard to find a better history than that . Plus , the buyer gets a `` custom Adult Swim drawing '' with purchase !
I just love the photos that go along with the listing . Who knew this Civic was a guest-star on Space Ghost ?
READ MORE : Nissan has a message for Kim Kardashian
frothing , pathological hatred of them . And if you 're an overweight female , then God help you -- A few months ago , Reddit made news because it banned a 150,000-strong group dedicated to tracking down and harassing fat people ( do n't worry , several fat-hating subreddits are still there , at least one with over 100,000 members ) . The existence of those groups surprised some people -- not that there was mockery of the overweight , but that there wasof them . And if you 're an overweight female , then God help you -- girls ' self-esteem is inversely proportional to their body weight . And this is because society makes it clear that the overweight are inhuman , soulless monsters .
And where you find irrational hatred , you find lots of people who have no idea what the hell they 're talking about . Almost every aspect of our war against fat is screwed by a slew of misconceptions , mistakes , and dodgy data . For instance , did you know that ...
# 5 . Weight Discrimination Is Widely Accepted ( But Makes No Sense )
Digital Vision./Photodisc/Getty Images
moral choice . `` If those lazy bastards just had some self-respect , they 'd put down the ice cream and get off their asses ! '' Yes , now tell us again about the time you had to sit next to a fat person on a long flight ! To clarify , neither the study nor we are insinuating that weight discrimination is somehow `` worse '' than racism or sexism . However , unlike its competitors , weight discrimination is n't often talked about , and actually seems kind of acceptable . While we 're all pretty much in agreement that you ca n't choose your sex and race , lots of people cling to the mentality that weight is not only a choice , but also achoice . `` If those lazy bastards just had some self-respect , they 'd put down the ice cream and get off their asses ! '' Yes , now tell us again about the time you had to sit next to a fat person on a long flight !
OlgaMiltsova/iStock/Getty Images
... Also , tell us about how when you eat ice cream , it does n't count .
Nomadsoul1/iStock/Getty Images
Roughly translated , `` Ugg 's mama so fat , when they gather around fire , they gather around fire . ''
do control what you eat , factors outside your control determine how often you get hungry , how strongly you feel hunger , What we 're saying is that while youcontrol what you eat , factors outside your control determine how often you get hungry , how strongly you feel hunger , what food is most easily available to you , and how much time and energy you have to devote to fitness . In other words , a thin person mocking a fat person is no different than a rich person mocking the poor -- it requires willful ignorance about how both of you got that way .
# 4 . Our Dietary Habits Are More About Vanity Than Health ... And That Can Kill You
Digital Vision./Photodisc/Getty Images
really just worry about their targets ' health . But the stigma against the overweight has far less to do with health than it does with finding fat people unpleasant to look at . Channing Tatum can be seen smoking tobacco and weed on camera in between bites of pure butter , but no one will blink as long as they have those abs . But if they gain 150 pounds , their film career will be over and the tabloids will call them a monster . Twenty pounds if they were a woman : Ask overweight people why they want to lose the pounds , and a desire to improve appearance comes in as the top answer . We all know why -- the fat-hate crowd likes to insist that theyjust worry about their targets ' health . But the stigma against the overweight has far less to do with health than it does with finding fat people unpleasant to look at . Channing Tatum can be seen smoking tobacco and weed on camera in between bites of pure butter , but no one will blink as long as they have those abs . But if they gain 150 pounds , their film career will be over and the tabloids will call them a monster . Twenty pounds if they were a woman :
Star Magazine
`` We demand every cell of fat be in your butt and breasts ! Your body is only for our amusement ! ''
The problem with this should be obvious : If we 're thin , it 's all too easy to be lulled to a false sense of security , despite the multitude of ways traditional `` fat people diseases '' such as cardiovascular problems and diabetes can plague thin people , too . Who cares if the doctor 's yelling at you when your six-pack says you 're as healthy as can be , right ? Nobody looks at a sexy model on a billboard and asks how their blood pressure is doing .
Steve Mason/Photodisc/Getty Images
`` At least now the judgy assholes just make faces and walk away . ''
That 's how ingrained the `` thin is better than fat '' thing is in our culture . There are people out there who 'd rather risk dying from cancer than living as a fat person , even though no doctor in the world would recommend it . `` You 've put on a few pounds , Steve , I 'm going to prescribe you this here carton of Camels . What 's wrong , Steve ? Do n't you want to be cool ? Are you a pussy ? ''
# 3 . The Obesity Epidemic Is Far More Complicated Than We Think
Dario Lo Presti/iStock/Getty Images
Type `` obesity epidemic '' in Google and you 're punched in the gut with close to 1.5 million search results , many of which are from reputable institutions , such as Harvard and the World Health Organization . So who are we , a humble comedy website , to claim that the epidemic does n't exist ? No one , that 's who . The world is fatter and more diabetic than it 's ever been . The problem spans the globe , and science has identified lots of factors that are contributing to it ( none of which are `` people around the world all suddenly became lazy slobs `` ) .
are saying that things are a lot more complex than `` People are getting fat , so we need to get them thinner , period . '' For instance , being overweight does n't mean that you 're necessarily unfit , and However , wesaying that things are a lot more complex than `` People are getting fat , so we need to get them thinner , period . '' For instance , being overweight does n't mean that you 're necessarily , and research indicates that being too lean might in fact be worse for your health . According to a 2013 report that reviewed over 100 previous studies on the subject , the people who live the longest on average are the ones with a BMI in the `` overweight '' range of 25-30 . Though there is a host of possible reasons for this ( they might get better healthcare than their leaner counterparts , for one ) , this casts an interesting shadow over the whole `` thinner = healthier '' mentality .
George Doyle/Stockbyte/Getty Images
Who could 've guessed that 100 lbs of extra resistance added to every movement might strengthen you up a bit .
while being obese . There is lower mortality in the face of numerous illnesses , for reasons science does n't completely understand . Studies have shown that if an obese person is metabolically fit , which largely involves exercising and not eating too much terrible food , then they can be healthy . Yes , healthybeing obese . There is convincing evidence that these fit obese people do n't have a greater risk of dying from , or even developing , illnesses like cancer and heart disease than their slimmer counterparts . And then there 's the `` obesity paradox , '' a recent discovery that obesity appears tomortality in the face of numerous illnesses , for reasons science does n't completely understand .
Ryan McVay/Photodisc/Getty Images
Do n't be fooled ; those are going right into storage for later , because your body will try like crazy to force a relapse .
And since we brought up surgery ...
There were reports that Honeypreet could have escaped to Nepal and could try to flee to another country .
Haryana Director General of Police ( DGP ) B.S . Sandhu said on Saturday that an international alert has been sounded for three top Dera Sacha Sauda sect functionaries - Honeypreet , Pawan Insan and Aditya Insan - and raids were being conducted to arrest them.The Haryana Police has booked all three , who are considered close aides of rape-convicted sect chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh , on charges of sedition , inciting violence and criminal conspiracy.The DGP said there was no pressure on the police and the investigation into the matter is being done independently . `` Private properties of Honeypreet , Pawan Insan and Aditya Insan would be attached , '' they said.Mr Sandhu said that investigations into the August 25 violence that took place after the verdict of the CBI court on the Dera chief are heading in the right direction . `` Arrests are being made on the basis of evidence . As many as 1,100 persons have so far been arrested , including 44 from Sirsa , whose involvement was confirmed , '' the DGP told media in Sirsa town , 260 km from Chandigarh.He said that the police have released a list of 43 persons who were involved in the violence that took place in Panchkula . `` Search operation is under way to nab three most wanted , including Honeypreet , Pawan Insan and Aditya Insan . International alert has been issued on them and teams are conducting raids to nab them , '' they said.There were reports that Honeypreet could have escaped to Nepal and could try to flee to another country.Aditya Insan , chief spokesperson of the Dera and a close aide of the sect chief , has been absconding since August 25 . On Ram Rahim Singh being quizzed by the police regarding Honeypreet , Sandhu did not give a direct reply . `` Police investigation is heading in the right direction , and whosoever required , would be interrogated , '' they pointed out.Asked why Honeypreet was not arrested earlier as they had accompanied Ram Rahim to Panchkula and later to the Rohtak jail , the DGP said : `` Until August 25 , no case was registered against Honeypreet . But after the arrest of Surender Dhiman , Honeypreet was found to be accused of provoking violence . Therefore , a case was registered against them and search was on to nab her . `` Mr Sandhu said the police had information that after the violence in Panchkula , Honeypreet came to the Dera headquarters in Sirsa . They said that as per the Punjab and Haryana High Court orders , a search operation was carried out in the Dera headquarters campus under supervision of the court commissioner who would submit their report to the court on September 27 . One copy of the report would be given to the Haryana government . `` Further action will be taken according to the court orders , '' they added . Referring to the revelations of Honeypreet 's ex-husband Vishwas Gupta on the relationship between the Dera chief and Honeypreet , the DGP said that Gupta had met the Panchkula Police Commissioner , but they had not given any complaint in writing . If any written complaint is received , police would include it in the investigations , the DGP said.Convicted by the CBI court in Panchkula on two counts of rape of female disciples in 1999 , Ram Rahim was sentenced to 20 years of rigorous imprisonment by the CBI court , and a fine of over Rs 30 lakh . Their conviction led to violence in Panchkula and Sirsa in Haryana , leaving 38 people dead and 264 injured . Isolated incidents of violence were also reported from Delhi and several other places in Punjab .
Rocky Widner/Getty Images
Stephen Curry and the Golden State Warriors plan on going places next season .
But they have an offseason to work through first .
Speaking with Bleacher Report in promotion of the BOOMco . Blaster Challenge they and Rudy Gay will be participating in , the All-Star point guard offered their thoughts on a number of different fronts , including Klay Thompson , newly instated head coach Steve Kerr , their offseason goals and what their all-time starting five would look like .
Bleacher Report : How would you say your relationship with new head coach Steve Kerr is progressing ?
Jack Arent/Getty Images
SC : It 's progressing well . He 's done a great job with trying to reach out to each player on the team to figure out what our role is going to be . And he 's prepared . He 's done their homework on every single possible situation he 's going to run into in their first year . They have a great coaching staff , so [ we 're ] just excited . We 're looking forward to next year , getting back to training camp and seeing what happens .
B/R : What did you think of the Shaun Livingston acquisition ?
SC : It was a big move for us . He 's a versatile guy who can back me and Klay up at either position , and we can both play with him .
He 's a guy with an unorthodox game for the point guard position . They like to post up and use their height advantage to get their space and get to where they want to go on the floor .
B/R : Do you see them making your job on the court any easier ? If so , how ?
SC : Having that solid backup option , hopefully I can play less minutes and be more effective , and hopefully be fresh once the playoffs come around . Most of that wear and tear wo n't happen when you have such a powerful [ weapon ] off the bench .
B/R : You and Andre Iguodala have been open in your support of Klay Thompson . Why do you feel it 's so important to keep them around with the team long term ?
SC : He 's a guy that has n't even scratched the surface of their full potential yet . Just thinking about how much they make me better as a player , and I try to make them better . He 's a great shooter and they play at both ends of the floor .
B/R : Being on the outside looking in at free agency , as a guy who 's under contract and whose team has been linked to some rumors , how do you view the offseason , free agency and all the player movement ? Does it impact your thinking or affect you at all ?
SC : Knowing the lay of the land and what goes where and what to expect with what teams are doing—you have to know what 's going on .
But there 's stuff you ca n't control , and I think it 's kind of hard to keep up with everything , with all the movement . Especially once LeBron made their decision and how quickly guys started signing deals and flipping teams .
But you have to understand what 's going on—especially in the Western Conference—who 's trying to get better , who 's making what moves . And as a team , we 're right where we need to be going into next year .
B/R : One of the biggest criticisms of the team last year was its second unit . What are you expecting and hoping to see from them next season ?
SC : Well we started with Shaun Livingston . We still have Draymond , Harrison , who may be starting , and Ezeli coming back . Guys getting healthy will help .
I think knowing that we did a little bit to boost that lineup and that threat , we 'll be fine . That was a big-time deal for us last year . Starters had to play a lot of minutes . We played well , so we just have to figure out how to incorporate those guys and get a little bit better .
B/R : Have you yourself focused on adding anything in particular to your game this offseason ?
SC : Turnovers were a big deal last year . [ I 'll ] try to limit those and get a little bit better at the point guard position . But for the most part , it 's just about working on my strengths and trying to get a little bit better at them .
My job as the point guard is to get my teammates going , get them open shots and run the offense , and more so running Coach Kerr 's style of play . That 's the adjustment going into next year .
B/R : Everyone talks about your superior shooting , but you do a lot of other things on the court as well . What would you say at this point in your career is the most overlooked aspect of your game ?
Rocky Widner/Getty Images
SC : Probably passing . Passing or ball-handling . As a point guard , you have to be able to do both at a high level . A lot of people did n't think I was athletic enough to play in the league , did n't pass enough and what have you . I just have to be consistent with my ball-handling and find a way to get to where I want to go on the floor .
Now that people respect the shooting , I 'm able to distribute the ball all the time and on-target to guys who are open and make the right play . That 's kind of how I 've evolved my game .
B/R : Going up against all these different defenders—and you see a lot as the point guard—who would you say is the most difficult opposing player to score on ?
SC : The year before last year it was my now-teammate Andre Iguodala . But Tony Allen is a guy that , anytime they match up with you , he 's a tough defender . And he 's relentless . That 's a guy in the Western Conference you have to watch out for .
B/R : If you had to build an all-time starting five , using any NBA player throughout history , who would be in your lineup ?
SC : Magic Johnson , LeBron , Michael Jordan , Tim Duncan and Shaq .
B/R : I was taking a look at the BOOMco . Blaster Challenge and it seems like pretty interesting , unique stuff . What 's been your favorite part about it to this point , and what 's made it so unique ?
Stephen Curry : Teaming up with Team Rudy and Team Steph ; we 've had a lot of fun with that . I got the new blasters in my hand and was having a blast from the first time we were firing at the targets .
Ketchum Sports & Entertainment .
That 's what it 's really all about : having fun , being able to compete . It 's what I do for a living , competing on the court , so taking that competitive edge to the targets and having fun challenging Team Rudy at the Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Sports Awards .
Rocky Widner/Getty Images
It 's going to be a lot of fun to see who wins , and kind of how you can take that for kids all around to have fun with their friends , compete against each other and try to get those bragging rights .
Donald Trump turned their supporters ' chants of “ lock their up ! ” into a campaign theme Wednesday , vowing that as president they would order a special prosecutor to investigate their Democratic rival Hillary Clinton and everyone connected to their email scandal .
“ This is crime at the highest level . They should n't be allowed to run for president . You know that , ” the Republican presidential nominee said to a roaring crowd at a rally in Ocala , Florida .
“ Other people 's lives have been ruined , destroyed for doing a tiny fraction of what they did , ” said Mr. Trump , referring to other cases where people who broke rules for handling classified information went to jail or paid huge fines .
At a presidential debate Sunday , Mr. Trump first proposed a special prosecutor to investigate Mrs. Clinton , who used a secret email setup for official business as secretary of state and thereby mishandled at least 113 classified documents — but managed to dodge federal charges .
Mr. Trump in Florida fully incorporated the threat into their stump speech .
They said the proposed investigation would extend to the Justice Department and FBI , which investigated Mrs. Clinton 's secret email setup as secretary of state but decided not to prosecute her , despite finding they were “ extremely careless ” in handling classified material .
“ We have to investigate the investigation . We 've never had a case like this , ” Mr. Trump said .
The threats of prosecution were part of an escalation of attacks by Mr. Trump , who has slid with 26 days until the election .
“ This is the most heinous , the most serious thing that I have ever seen with justice in the history of the United States . We have a person that has committed crimes that is now running for the presidency , ” Mr. Trump said with disbelief .
They noted the secret meeting between former President Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch days before they announced the decision not to prosecute and Mrs. Clinton 's promise to re-appoint their attorney general .
Mr. Trump said the law firm representing Mrs. Clinton also should be prosecuted for its role in permanently deleting about 33,000 emails that they deemed personal , despite a subpoena from Congress for Mrs. Clinton 's email .
“ It is one of the great miscarriages of justice , ” Mr. Trump said .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Darren Doane ( born 1972 ) is an American filmmaker and music video director . [ 1 ] In 2007 , Darren formed a new commercial , music video and branded content production company called LEVEL4 with Executive Producer Josh Karchmer . LEVEL4 has produced and edited projects for a client list that includes Toyota , Hurley/Nike , Saatchi & Saatchi , Atlantic Records , JBL and Universal Records . [ 2 ] They started their early music video work with Ken Daurio and directed several early Blink-182 music videos .
Prior to directing commercials and music videos , Darren also directed two live action short film adaptations of the Malibu Comics superheroes Hardcase ( a six-minute music video style promo starring British kickboxer Gary Daniels ) and Firearm ( a 35-minute-long movie which served as a prequel to the actual comic , and came as a VHS packaged alongside specially ordered copies of the comic 's # 0 ) . In fact , in Hardcase # 1 there 's a single panel in-joke referencing a `` D. Doane '' as being the director of `` Hardcase : The Movie . ''
Music videos directed [ edit ]
Longer films directed [ edit ]
( selective )
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
By Date By Thread Google Analytics by Yoast stored XSS From : Jouko Pynnonen < jouko ( ) iki fi >
Date : Thu , 19 Mar 2015 18:37:38 +0200
* Overview * Google Analytics by Yoast is a WordPress plug-in for monitoring website traffic . With approximately seven million downloads it 's one of the most popular WordPress plug-ins . A security vulnerability in the plug-in allows an unauthenticated attacker to store arbitrary HTML , including JavaScript , in the WordPress administrator 's Dashboard on the target system . The JavaScript will be triggered when an administrator views the plug-in 's settings panel . No further user interaction is required . Typically this can be used for arbitrary server-side code execution via the plugin or theme editors . Alternatively the attacker could change the administrator 's password , create new administrator accounts , or do whatever else the currently logged-in administrator can do on the target site . * Details * The impact is a combination of two underlying problems . Firstly , missing access control allows an unauthenticated user to modify some of the settings associated with the plug-in . It 's possible to overwrite the existing OAuth2 credentials which the plug-in uses for retrieving data from Google Analytics , and thereby connect the plug-in with the attacker 's own Google Analytics account . Secondly , the plug-in renders an HTML dropdown menu based on the data downloaded from Google Analytics . This data is not sanitized or HTML-escaped . If the said attacker enters HTML code such as < script > tags in the properties in their Google Analytics account settings , it will appear in the WordPress administrative Dashboard of the targeted system and get executed whenever someone views the settings . * Proof of Concept * The following HTML snippet could be used to hijack the Google Analytics account of a website running a vulnerable version of the plug-in : < a href= '' http : //YOUR.BLOG/wp-admin/admin-post.php ? reauth=1 '' > reauth < /a > < br > < br > < form method=POST action= '' http : //YOUR.BLOG/wp-admin/admin-post.php '' > < input type=text size=100 name= '' google_auth_code '' > < input type=submit > < /form > First , the attacker would click the reauth link . The action does n't require any kind of authentication . It will reset some of the plugin settings and redirect the attacker to a Google.com OAuth dialog , where they 'd get an authentication code . Next the attacker would copy-paste the code in the above form and submit . This would update the code in the plugin settings - again without requiring authentication . The plugin would now retrieve its data from the attacker 's Google Analytics account . The actual payload script would be entered at the attacker 's own Google Analytics account settings at https : //www.google.com/analytics/web/ ? hl=en # management/Settings/ An example of a property name : test '' > < script > alert ( 'stored XSS ' ) < /script > This would fire an alert box whenever an administrator views the Analytics settings page in the Dashboard of the target WordPress site . A real-world attack would probably use a src attribute to load a more sophisticated script from an external site . It could make chained ajax calls to load and submit administrative forms , including those of the plugin editor to write server-side PHP code , and finally execute it . * Solution * Yoast was notified on March 18 , 2015 . A new version of the plug-in ( 5.3.3 ) was released the next day . * Credits * The vulnerability was found by Jouko Pynnönen of Klikki Oy , Finland . An up-to-date version of this document is available at http : //klikki.fi/adv/yoast_analytics.html -- Jouko Pynnönen < jouko ( ) iki fi > Klikki Oy - http : //klikki.fi - @ klikkioy _______________________________________________ Sent through the Full Disclosure mailing list https : //nmap.org/mail carrier/listinfo/fulldisclosure Web Archives & RSS : http : //seclists.org/fulldisclosure/ By Date By Thread Current thread : Google Analytics by Yoast stored XSS Jouko Pynnonen ( Mar 19 )
The Los Angeles City Council agreed Friday to a $ 6.6 million payment to the family of a woman killed by a speeding police patrol car .
The unanimous decision marks the largest amount of taxpayer funds the city has ever paid to resolve a Los Angeles Police Department traffic collision , surpassing a $ 5 million payout it made in another fatal LAPD crash last year .
Car crashes have emerged as an intractable problem for the LAPD that , in turn , has cost the city considerably as it is forced to either settle the resulting lawsuits or fight them in court . Including the current settlement , the city has paid about $ 30 million to resolve about 400 LAPD traffic-related lawsuits over the past decade and must contend with dozens more pending cases , city records show .
Despite assurances made in recent months by police officials that the department will improve the way it investigates officer accidents , some council members have grown increasingly frustrated with the LAPD 's apparent inability to get a handle on the issue .
The steady run of lawsuits often puts the council in a no-win situation as it is left little choice but to approve the large settlements in order to avoid the risk of a jury imposing an even greater amount .
“ We have no choice , ” said Councilman Bill Rosendahl , who would not discuss the particulars of the case .
The payment stems from a 2010 collision in which 27-year-old Jovanna Lugo 's car was broadsided by a LAPD vehicle as they pulled out of their driveway and onto a city street where the posted speed limit was 35 mph .
An Ohio judge ruled Friday that 17-year-olds will be able to vote in Tuesday 's presidential primaries here if they turn 18 by the general election , weighing in on a dispute in which Democratic hopeful Sen. Bernie Sanders has taken a keen interest .
Under Ohio law , 17-year-olds with upcoming birthdays are allowed to participate in primary elections . But under their interpretation of the law , Secretary of State Jon Husted ( R ) has said , that right does n't include the presidential race .
Sanders , the senator from Vermont who has attracted young voters to the polls in far greater numbers than party rival Hillary Clinton , filed a separate federal lawsuit against Husted earlier this week . A judge in that case indicated Friday that they want to let the state case move forward first .
The Sanders campaign hailed the state ruling Friday afternoon as the senator was holding a rally here in Toledo . Sanders said they were “ delighted ” with the ruling .
“ The idea that , in the year 2016 , we have a Republican secretary of state trying to suppress the vote , trying to make it difficult for young people to participate in the political process , is an outrage , ” they said .
Husted said this week that Ohio law allows the 17-year-olds in question to participate in the nomination of candidates but not to help elect candidates . Technically , they said , what voters will be doing in the presidential race Tuesday is electing delegates to represent them at the Democratic and Republican national conventions .
Sanders 's campaign manager , Jeff Weaver , has called that interpretation “ narrow , formalistic and wrong . ”
The state lawsuit was filed on behalf of a group of 17-year-olds led by the Fair Elections Network , an advocacy group .
“ Engaged , civic-minded young adults are who we encourage participating in our democracy , ” said Rachel Bloomekatz , a lawyer for the young voters . “ I hope this ruling provides that encouragement . ”
The office of Ohio 's secretary of state said it will not appeal Friday 's ruling .
Ohio is one of five states holding primaries Tuesday , along with Florida , Missouri , Illinois and North Carolina .
In Tuesday 's Democratic primary in Michigan , Sanders won among those ages 18 to 29 by a margin of 81 percent to 18 percent , according to exit polls reported by CNN .
Stephen Colbert does n't want to hear about the Islamic State anymore . `` Here 's the deal : If you want to live in the 7th century , you do n't get to be on TV , '' they said on Thursday 's Late Show . But they did want to talk about the fight over Syrian refugees . After ISIS 's attack on Paris , `` the question over whether to let Syrian refugees into this country has become the new political issue , '' they said , `` completely overshadowing the old political issue : whether to let Mexicans into this country . '' It 's all anyone is talking about in Washington and on the campaign trail , they added , `` so let 's wander blindly onto the news tarmac and get sucked into one of the fear engines . ''
They poked a little fun at President Obama for mocking the Republican presidential candidates ' purported fear of orphans and 3-year-old refugees , noting that the Republicans are actually scared of the adults who accompany those toddlers , then adding : `` Why should n't we be scared of 3-year-olds ? You think you ca n't negotiate with terrorists ? Try negotiating with a 3-year-old . They play hardball . '' But mostly they chided the Republicans for their selective opposition to accepting Syrian refugees .
2 ( please remove leading spaces from code excerpts )
You 'd like to use the Org Mode for Emacs to manage your tasks . In this
blog post , I 'll cover the absolute minimum you need to get started .
We 'll assume that you already have GNU Emacs 22 and that you 're reasonably
familiar with using Emacs , including installing external modules and
adding them to your load path .
There are a million ways to plan , but we 're going to focus on two . The
first approach is Getting Things Done ( GTD ) , described by David Allen
in the book of the same title . GTD focuses on next actions ( the very
next thing you can do ) and uses context lists to keep things
manageable . Popular ways to do GTD are with index cards , recycled
business cards , or software programs . If most of your tasks are in
your head or scattered on scraps of paper , GTD will probably give you
the most organizational bang for the least effort .
The second approach is day planning . You plan your week based on your
projects and priorities , write your tasks onto the pages for each day ,
and copy unfinished tasks over to the next day . If you 've used one of
those Filofax , Franklin-Covey or Dayrunner personal organizers , you 're
probably used to this way of planning .
As you learn more about Emacs and task management , you 'll probably
develop your own way of doing things . These two are a good place to
start , though . ( Do n't recognize how you plan your day , but
interested in using Emacs anyway ? Please get in touch with me ! I may
know of something that fits , and I 'd certainly love to hear about the
way you work . )
If you use GTD , read on . Otherwise , read the Setup and then wait for
the next blog post ! = )
Set up
Org is part of Emacs 22 . To make it even easier to collect tasks and
notes , install a separate package called Remember .
First , download and unpack Remember . As of this writing , Remember is
at version 1.9 . You can get the TAR.GZ from
http : //download.gna.org/remember-el/remember-1.9.tar.gz605 or the ZIP
archive from http : //download.gna.org/remember-el/remember-1.9.zip606 . If
these instructions are out of date , check
http : //www.emacswiki.org/cgi-bin/wiki/RememberMode607 to find out where to get Remember .
Then add this basic configuration for Org and Remember to your ~/.emacs ,
( add-to-list 'load-path `` ~/elisp/remember-1.9 '' ) ; ; ( 1 ) ( require 'remember-autoloads ) ( setq org-remember-templates ' ( ( `` Tasks '' ? t `` * TODO % ?
% i
% a '' `` ~/organizer.org '' ) ; ; ( 2 ) ( `` Appointments '' ? a `` * Appointment : % ?
% ^T
% i
% a '' `` ~/organizer.org '' ) ) ) ( setq remember-annotation-functions ' ( org-remember-annotation ) ) ( setq remember-handler-functions ' ( org-remember-handler ) ) ( eval-after-load 'remember ' ( add-hook 'remember-mode-hook 'org-remember-apply-template ) ) ( global-set-key ( kbd `` C-c r '' ) 'remember ) ; ; ( 3 ) ( require 'org ) ( add-to-list 'auto-mode-alist ' ( `` \\.org $ '' . org-mode ) ) ; ; ( 4 ) ( global-set-key ( kbd `` C-c a '' ) 'org-agenda ) ; ; ( 5 ) ( setq org-todo-keywords ' ( `` TODO '' `` STARTED '' `` WAITING '' `` DONE '' ) ) ; ; ( 6 ) ( setq org-agenda-include-diary t ) ; ; ( 7 ) ( setq org-agenda-include-all-todo t ) ; ; ( 8 )
( 1 ) : Change the directory as necessary .
( 2 ) : You can use a different filename .
( 3 ) : You can change this keyboard shortcut .
( 4 ) : This tells Emacs to open all .org files in org-mode .
( 5 ) : You can change this keyboard shortcut .
( 6 ) : This makes it easy to pull in holidays and other events . See the chapter on managing your schedule .
( 7 ) : This includes all unfinished to-dos in the Org daily and weekly views . You can remove this line when you get used to working with to-do lists .
After you evaluate that code by calling M-x eval-buffer or restarting Emacs , you 're ready to create an Org file .
Open ~/organizer.org ( or whichever file you specified in ( 2 ) ) . Save it . This is probably the only time you 'll have an empty TODO list . Use C-c [ ( org-agenda-file-to-front ) to add it to your org-agenda-files . You only need to do this once for this agenda file .
Read on to find out how to use your new Org file for GTD , or skip ahead to the section on Day Planning to find out how to plan by day !
Org and GTD
So you 've read David Allen 's book about Getting Things Done ( or any of
the countless summaries of it on the Net ) , and you 'd like to get
started with Emacs and Org mode . I 'll show you the bare minimum you
need to support the five phases in the GTD task workflow :
Phase GTD Org Collect Capture everything you need to do . Collect all your bits of paper or put everything into your inbox Process Actionable ? Yes : do , delegate , or defer ; no : file , throw , or incubate Put tasks on your list , track delegated tasks Organize Next actions , projects , waiting for , someday/maybe Tag tasks , view tasks by tag Review Daily , weekly , etc . Agenda view Do Actually do the work ! No , Emacs wo n't do the work for you… ( But it can brew coffee ! )
Collect
The first thing you need to do is get all the tasks out of your head ,
off scraps of paper , out of your e-mail , and so on . If this is the
first time you 're putting tasks into Org , you have a lot of tasks to
collect . The best way to collect lots of tasks is to open your Org
agenda file ( ~/organizer.org ) and put this heading at the end of the
file :
* Inbox
Now go to the end of the file , and type in * * TODO and the first task
you can think of , like this :
* * TODO Buy milk
Press C-M-RET and keep typing other tasks . Keep going until you 've
gone through all the things in your head and all the scraps of paper
lying around . Do not get distracted . Your goal is to write all the
tasks down . If you are as easily distracted as I am , do not even open
up a browser window or look at your e-mail . It can be a real struggle
sometimes to focus long enough to get everything down , especially when
you 're writing down all these tasks that you can work on . DO NOT DO A
TASK UNLESS IT TAKES LESS THAN TWO MINUTES TO DO . In fact , if you are
just starting out with GTD , you might find it better to resist all
temptations to do tasks during this step . Get it all out .
Now that you 've gotten your tasks out of your head and into your
organizer.org file , breathe . There 's less stress in your brain now ,
because you do n't have to worry about forgetting things ( as long as
you remember to check your Org file , that is ! ) .
DO NOT FILL YOUR BRAIN BACK UP WITH OTHER THINGS TO DO . The brain is a
wonderful thing , but it 's not good at remembering what you need to do .
Whenever a task comes your wayâ€ ” through e-mail , in conversation , in
the showerâ€ ” put it in your ~/organizer.org . Well , you probably do n't
want to drip all over the computer , so sometimes you 'll need to hang
on to an ideaâ€ ” but get it out of your head and into your organizer as
quickly as possible .
To collect tasks within Emacs as they come up , use Remember . With the
basic configuration you set up in the previous section , you can use
C-c r t ( or M-x remember and “ t ” for the Tasks template ) to pop up a
buffer where you can type in the task description and some notes .
# # Filing location : Select interactively , default , or last used : # # C-u C-c C-c to select file and header location interactively . # # C-c C-c `` ~/notebook/personal/organizer.org '' - > `` * Tasks '' # # C-u C-u C-c C-c `` ? ? ? '' - > `` * ? ? ? '' # # To switch templates , use ` M-x org-remember ' . * TODO
And if you 're lucky , there will even be a hyperlink to the file or
e-mail you were looking at when you called C-c r t ( remember , tasks ) .
If you brain-dump your tasks and use C-c r t to collect tasks as they
come up , you can free up your brain for other things , such as
contemplating the meaning of life .
Process
Now that you 've collected all those tasks into your inbox , you can
process them . Open your Org agenda file and go to your inbox .
For every item there , decide if it 's something that you need to act
on . Is it really just a note ? If so , take out the TODO keyword and
organize it like you would store other notes . If it 's a true-blue
task , decide if it 's something you can do within the next two minutes ,
delegate to someone else , or leave on your task list . Go through your
list systematically , delegating and eliminating whenever possible .
If you delegate the task , change it to WAITING by moving your cursor
to the headline with the TODO keyword and typing S-r ( org-shiftright )
until it changes to WAITING . To keep track of who you delegated it to ,
just edit the task description to reflect it . Your organizer file will
look like this :
* * WAITING Buy milk - WJY
Organize
You have a list of tasks that _you_ need to act on . If you 've
braindumped everything that people have asked you to do and that
you 've thought of doing , this is probably a very long list .
Intimidatingly long . The next step in restoring sanity to your life is
to organize your list into next actions , projects , things you 're
waiting for , and someday/maybe tasks .
Review that task list . For each task , decide if it 's something you can
do immediately . Is it something you can do in one sitting , and do you
have everything you need in order to do it ? If so , great ! It 's a next
action . Leave it on your task list .
If you ca n't immediately work on a task , it may be a project in
disguise , and it needs to be broken down into smaller , concrete next
actions . For example , the task :
* * TODO Write a book about Emacs
would probably result in me getting complete writer 's block . If you 're
faced with a big task like this , move it out of your inbox and make it
a project . Then you can think of the very next action you need to do .
Your Org file could look something like this :
* Projects * * Emacs book * * * TODO Write about basic Org and GTD * Inbox * * TODO ... lots of other things go here ... * * TODO ... lots of other things go here ... * * TODO ... lots of other things go here ...
A task might also be stuck because you need to wait for someone else .
For example , I 'm currently working on renewing my visa , but I need to
wait for the embassy . Mark those stuck tasks as WAITING with S-right
( org-shiftright ) .
Someday/maybe tasks are nice to think about once in a while , but you
do n't want to clutter your day-to-day tasks with them . A basic way to
deal with this is to move those tasks into a separate Organizer file
such as ~/someday.org . Another is to use tags , which we 'll cover in
the section on intermediate Org . For now , just move them to another
file .
Review
You 've gone from a whole bunch of tasks in your brain and on pieces of
paper to one text file containing everything you need to do , with an
easy way to get to just the things you can do right now . To view all
your tasks , type C-c a t ( org-agenda , task ) . You 'll get something
that looks like this :
Global list of TODO items of type : ALL Available with ` N r ' : ( 0 ) ALL ( 1 ) TODO ( 2 ) STARTED ( 3 ) WAITING ( 4 ) DONE TODO Write about basic Org and GTD TODO Blog TODO Answer my mail TODO Alter slacks ...
Type “ 1 r ” to show only the active tasks , and review what you 're
waiting for with “ 3 r ” . Review this WAITING list every so often
to make sure that nothing falls through the cracks .
Type “ f ” to start follow mode , which displays the relevant lines from
your Org agenda file as you move around . This is helpful for quickly
reviewing your task list .
Do
All of the above should take you less than fifteen minutes of planning
each day . The rest of the time , you can focus on doing the work ,
undistracted by shiny new tasks that pop up because you can get them
out of your way with C-c r t .
To work , review your task list with either C-c a t ( org-agenda , tasks )
or C-a a ( org-agenda , agenda ) . From the agenda view , type “ t ”
( org-agenda-todo ) to change the task status . I find it helpful to mark
a task as STARTED because it helps me remember what I was working on
in case I get distracted by something urgent , but you can also use C-u
t to jump to a status without cycling through the ones in between
( say , marking a task as DONE ) . You can also press ENTER to jump to the
task headline and edit it directly .
Going back to reviews : As you mark tasks done , you 'll also want to do
daily and weekly reviews . You can see those with C-c a a ( org-agenda ,
org-agenda-list ) , which opens an Org agenda view . To see completed
tasks in the Org agenda view , type l ( org-agenda-log-mode ) . To switch
to the day view , type d ( org-agenda-day-view ) . To switch to the week
view , type w ( org-agenda-week-view ) . The basic configuration I 've
suggested here will automatically include unfinished tasks at the
beginning of the agenda . Scroll up to review your tasks , and press
ENTER on a line to jump to it .
Wrapping up
There 's a lot more you can do with Org to make it support GTD , but
here 's a basic configuration that can get you started on collecting ,
processing , organizing , managing , and actually doing your tasks . Stay
tuned for the intermediate Org article for more tips on setting up
repeated tasks , clocking time , working with projects , and tagging
tasks !
On Technorati : emacs608 , wickedcoolemacs609 , org610 , gtd611
Random Emacs symbol : bbdb-edit-current-field – Command : Edit the contents of the Insidious Big Brother Database field displayed on
UPDATE : Thanks , Victor , for catching the bug ! Changed org-install to org .
More posts about : emacs , org , wickedcoolemacs Tags : gtd , highlight // 20 Comments »
Thanks @ BuzzDanklin ! Glad you got to try it , I was always pretty confident in these guys but nice to see this thing can convert the skeptics too.Glad to hear about the Pax flavor comparison being high temp big hits , I 'll probably be using the temp range you mentioned from 330-385F , I like the low temp effects and flavors . How long would you say a bowl would last temp stepping like that , with medium draw and .2g pack ? Do you change temp before clicking it on only , or during too ? Or is it better to finish a whole bowl at one temp than to temp step ? Can you kill a bowl at 365 ? How does that effect battery ? Does temp change effect battery , or is just the level - like if I stick to 4.5 as max , is battery noticeably better ? What bout riding a whole bowl at level 4 , how many of those bowls do you get ? Is it best to use a full pack to maximize battery life , or is battery life even longer when less material is used ( or is it still 4 bowls regardless ) ? Is there battery level indication with the LEDs ? Like before it dies fully letting you know , or even telling you levels ? What 's at the bottom of the chamber , how does it keep herb from falling into heater and its airpathway ? Is it better to click on and off or let it autoshut off at 18sec ? Have you tried sessioning with another user or two ? How did that go ? Can you do more comparisons with the Firefly ? I know its on demand but I do small sessions with FF and ESV tooThis thing really does seem like the Firefly+Elevape+Thermovape enhancement i wanted it to be ... So jealous but at least I got an early pre order ... Keep up the great work dude ( enjoy that v2-7 and Pax2 too ! )
A man uses Samsung Electronics ' new Samsung Galaxy SIII smartphone during its launch at The Earls Court Exhibition Centre in London May 3 , 2012 . REUTERS/Ki Price
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - Samsung Electronics Co has received some 9 million pre-orders for its third-generation Galaxy S smartphone from more than 100 global carriers , the Korea Economic Daily reported on Friday .
Samsung toppled Apple as the world 's biggest smartphone maker in the first quarter , helped by its line-up of Galaxy named devices running on Google 's free Android software .
The latest version of its flagship phone , unveiled this month , will first go on sale on May 29 in Germany before being rolled out to other countries .
The newspaper , which cited an unidentified Samsung official , also said the company 's smartphone factory in South Korea was running at its full capacity of 5 million units per month .
Samsung declined to comment .
It said late last month that the new Galaxy S smartphone would “ substantially contribute ” to its second-quarter earnings .
( Image credit : Basic Income Canada Network )
The Basic Income Canada Network ( BICN ) has just passed their goal of signing 10,000 people who support a basic income guarantee in Canada .
This milestone marks the culmination of over a year of collecting supporters . BICN now looks toward its next milestone : reaching the 15,000-person threshold .
BICN is a non-profit organization affiliated to BIEN that advocates for basic income in Canada . It does so by publishing regular news stories as well as annual reports about basic income developments . BICN also disseminates resources for getting involved in the struggle for basic income , in addition to educational sources informing about relevant debates and issues . A central part of this organization is its ongoing petition , open to everyone , which calls for the implementation of a basic income in Canada .
BICN 's website was launched in August 2015 , when this counter for supporters of basic income began . It has taken BICN almost a year and a half to reach 10,000 supporters , 8,000 of which coming in the last nine months . The 10,000 person thresholds was surpassed on December 13th .
This event marks the latest in a series of positive developments for basic income in Canada . Recently , on December 7th , a unanimous decision was reached by the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island , Canada , to “ pursue a partnership with the federal government for the establishment of a universal basic income pilot project. ” Also , in Ontario , the regional government is moving forward with plans to test a universal basic income . These plans began in early 2016 , when Ontario tasked Hugh Segal with an outline paper concerning the C $ 25m pilot project . The project is set to start this spring .
More information at :
Ashifa Kassam , “ Ontario pilot project puts universal basic income to the test ” , The Guardian , October 28th 2016
Justice M B Shah , who probed the allegations of corruption , including land allocation to Tata Nano project , on Sunday said the charges levelled against the then Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi were `` baseless . '' `` If you go by the entire report , you will find that the government had followed all the laws and procedures , particularly the Land Revenue Code , in allotting land to industries . The Commission found no substance in the charges made against the government in that regard , '' Shah told PTI .
The Shah Commission , whose report was tabled in the Gujarat Assembly on March 31 , looked into the allegations which mostly pertained to allotment of land for major industrial and infrastructure projects including nine cases related to Tata Nano plant , Adani Group 's Mundra Port and SEZ , and Larsen and Toubro . In the report , the Commission found no substance in those allegations and termed most of them as `` baseless '' .
According to Shah , government has not done anything wrong in allotting land to such industries . `` You ca n't just tell the industries to fend for themselves after inviting them here to set up their plants . Tata Nano was also invited here by us . And , land was alloted as per the rules . Same procedures were followed by the past governments too , '' said Shah . Congress leaders , including Shaktisinh Gohil and Arjun Modhvaida , had submitted a memorandum to the then President in July 2011 , listing 17 allegations of corruption against Modi who was at the helm of affairs in Gujarat . Modi had set up the panel under retired Supreme Court judge M B Shah in August 2011 to inquire into 15 out of 17 allegations , as remaining two were sub-judice .
According to Shah , those who raised these issues , did not turn up before the Commission to record their statements on many occasions . `` Instead of appearing in person to explain their side , they used to send their lawyer . No one was ready to register their statements before the Commission on affidavit , '' said Shah . Among these 15 allegations , one was regarding irregularities in `` Sujalam Sufalam '' canal network project . In their observation in the report , Shah left the matter on government instead of giving a clear verdict . `` Only the Public Accounts Committee ( PAC ) or Public Undertakings Committee ( PUC ) can look into the observations made by the CAG . Commission can not decide on it . PAC and PUC are the final authorities for that , '' Shah said .
Police asked for help Thursday in their search for two American cruise ship passengers who asked to disembark in Jamaica and disappeared .
Two cruise ship passengers missing https : //t.co/ddwuUZV5o9 — Jamaica Gleaner ( @ JamaicaGleaner ) April 27 , 2016
Hayden Gerson , 33 , and Alisha Frank , 32 , got off Royal Caribbean 's Oasis of the Seas in Trelawny Tuesday morning to take a day trip to Montego Bay , St. James , according to local media reports , but nobody has reported seeing them since .
Gerson and Frank were last seen at the Falmouth Pier .
Police said Frank wore a red short skirt and red open-back blouse while Gerson had light-colored shorts and a grey shirt on . They did not give any other details .
The couple 's disappearance came one week after a cruise ship left a couple stranded in the Bahamas while it sailed off with their children on board , New York Post reports .
The Norwegian Cruise Line vessel left the unidentified woman and their husband behind on Thursday after the woman did not return for the “ widely communicated scheduled all aboard time of 5:30 p.m , ” the cruise line said . The husband , who was on board with their children waiting for her , then left them with other family members to search for them
Cruise company executives said they offered the couple travel and lodging assistance , and arrangements have been made for them to reunite with their children .
Canada 's federal immigration minister says the government was surprised by the number of Syrian refugee children it admitted last year .
`` Many of the refugees had large numbers of children and that was not completely anticipated in the beginning , '' said Citizenship and Immigration Minister John McCallum after a meeting with provincial counterparts in Winnipeg on Wednesday .
The number of children as part of the 2015 cohort of refugees presented challenges for schools and appropriate housing , they said . Approximately 31,919 Syrians have arrived in Canada and more than 20,000 applications are in progress .
Canada 's federal immigration minister says the government was surprised by the number of Syrian refugee children it admitted last year . 1:53 Wishart said Manitoba does n't know the precise number of refugees who will be calling Manitoba home this year .
`` We know roughly how many families we 'll be getting but we never seem to know the family size , '' said Manitoba 's Minister of Education and Training Ian Wishart .
On Tuesday , Wishart said Ottawa is downloading many of the extra costs onto provinces associated with settling Syrian refugees such as education funding .
While McCallum said Ottawa is not considering extending supports for refugees beyond their first year in Canada , it is looking at providing additional funds for education . Ottawa is considering expanding funding for English and French as an additional language programs .
`` After that we hope that they would have a job , '' McCallum said .
Winnipeg School Division receives the majority of Manitoba-bound refugee students , said Radean Carter , spokesperson for the school board . The division is calling on government to provide longer-term housing and settlement supports to refugees along with additional money to hire language instructors .
The federal government was surprised by how large many of the Syrian refugee families are , said McCallum . ( CBC ) In 2015 , the division accepted 170 Syrian students and received a special one-time grant in early 2016 from the province and federal government of $ 600,000 to accommodate the students .
`` While we are expecting additional refugee students into our division this school year , we have not had any numbers or timing confirmed , nor any funding announced , '' Carter wrote in an email .
Winnipeg School Division hired five additional English as an additional language instructors and one support worker for newcomers recently , they said .
`` These resources are fully employed and finding more qualified EAL teachers and support workers is becoming a challenge , '' Carter wrote .
Minister McCallum said overall they believe the settlement of Syrians is `` going well '' in Canada .
`` The whole idea was for Canada to step up to the plate and help very vulnerable people come from a life of great danger to a peaceful life in Canada , '' McCallum said .
`` I have no doubt the Syrian refugees will do extremely well . ''
by Judith Curry
The hiatus lives .
The recent paper by Karl et al. , discussed at Has NOAA busted the pause in global warming ? , presented a new surface temperature data set that does NOT support the notion of a ‘ slowdown ' in global surface temperature increase . Karl et al . found a global trend 2000-2014 to be 0.116C/decade , with an ocean trend of 0.99C/decade . The paper received a HUGE amount of publicity .
A new paper published by Science is just what I have been waiting for , an integrative look at global ocean data in recent decades :
Recent hiatus caused by decadal shift in Indo-Pacific heating
Veronical Nieves , Josh Willis , William Patzert
Abstract . Recent modeling studies have proposed different scenarios to explain the slowdown in surface temperature in the most recent decade . Some of these studies seem to support the idea of internal variability and/or rearrangement of heat between the surface and the ocean interior . Others suggest that radiative forcing might also play a role . Our examination of observational data over the past two decades shows some significant differences compared to model results from reanalyses , and provides the most definitive explanation of how the heat was redistributed . We find that cooling in the top 100-meter layer of the Pacific Ocean was mainly compensated by warming in the 100- to 300-meter layer of the Indian and Pacific Oceans in the past decade since 2003 .
The paper is published in Science [ link ] .
Some excerpts :
The global average surface temperature has been rising since 2003 by +0.001°C/year . Although not zero , it is slower than the century time-scale warming of +0.0064 ± 0.0015°C/year since 1880 ( 2 ) . The surface warming of the 00s is also substantially slower than the 90s , which warmed at a rate of +0.008°C/year .
JC comment : Referring to the Supplementary Information , I see that they used the NOAA OI SST data set , available since 1985 . The methodology includes bias adjustment of satellite and ship observations ( referenced to buoys ) to compensate for platform differences and sensor biases ( hooray – they adjust other biased data sets to the more robust buoys ) . While the trend of 0.01C/decade since 2003 is over a different period , this trend value is starkly different from Karl et al . trend from 2000-2014 of 0.099C/decade . I do n't know why I did n't think of the OI SST dataset when discussing the Karl dataset , I used to use this dataset a lot . Is OI SST perfect ? No , but I think the methodology makes a lot more sense for recent decades than the Karl et al methodology .
Our analysis indicates that during the most recent decade , cooling in the top 100 m layer of the Pacific Ocean is compensated by warming in the 100 to 300 m layer of the Western Pacific and Indian Oceans with the largest contribution in the tropics . The Southern Ocean plays a secondary role in warming the 100-300 m layer , but this warming is steady over both of the past decades . The Atlantic Ocean does show a switch from warming to cooling , but its area is so small that it can not meaningfully con-tribute to the hiatus signal in surface temperature over the past decade .
Analysis of deep hydrographic data in comparison with satellite measurements of sea level change indicates a contribution of 0.76 mm/year of sea level rise due to thermal expansion within 700-2000 m. Assuming a thermal expansion coefficient of 1.3 × 10−4 °C−1 for that layer , this implies an average warming of 0.0045°C/year between the mid-90s and mid-00s and between 700 and 2000 m. The WOA pentadal estimate shows a heat content increase of 2.4 × 1021 J/year or about 0.0015°C/year ( 1993-2002 period , 700-2000 m layer ) . The latter is consistent with the 0.0013°C/year rate of warming for the 700-1500 m layer as measured by the Argo array in the 00s . Together , these findings suggest no significant increase in the rate of warming below 700 m since 2003 .
JC comment : In plain words , there does n't seem to be any observational evidence that Trenberth 's ‘ missing heat ' is hiding below 700 m .
Interestingly , reanalysis also do not seem to correctly reproduce the ocean warming rates and lie well outside the observation uncertainty at different depths and times . Both the hiatus and the net amount of heat absorbed by the ocean below 700 m are overestimated . Reanalyses are also inconsistent with ocean observations , in terms of the vertical and regional distribution of heating .
JC comment : Trenberth claimed to have found the ‘ missing heat ' in the deep ocean from the ECMWF reanalyses [ link ] . Looks like this was an artifact of the analysis process .
The observational rate of heat content increase over the 0-1500 m depth range did not change significantly between the 90s ( 2.0 × 1021 J/year ) and the 00s ( 3.4 × 1021 J/year or 2.53 × 1021 J/year according to the observational average or Argo , respectively ) . Thus , observational heat content estimates do not reveal any obvious hiatus . This suggests that since the early 90s there has been a steady rate of net ocean heat uptake , and the amount of radiative imbalance at the top of the atmosphere remained practically unchanged between the 90s and the 00s . This contradicts one recent study suggesting that the net ocean heat uptake was reduced during the 00s on the basis of changes in surface flux estimates .
JC comment : The last sentence in the paper is the only statement in the paper that I disagree with . Their analysis is not sufficient to close the global energy budget or to rule out a change in external forcing or cloudiness in contributing to the hiatus .
JC reflections
This paper is important in clarifying the vertical and horizontal distribution of subsurface temperature changes in the ocean . And I am particularly glad to be reminded of the OI SST data set , which may be the best SST data set to use for recent decades . The hiatus clearly lives , both in upper ocean heat content and surface temperatures from OI SST data set . The Karl et al . ocean data seems inconsistent with the upper ocean heat content measurements ( not to mention the OI SST data set ) . I am also relieved to see a careful comparison of the ocean reanalyses ( e.g . NCEP , ECMWF ) with observations , highlighting the deficiencies of the NCEP and ECMWF ocean reanalyses relative to observations . Rather extravagant and overconfident claims have been made about the ocean reanalyses , which are unjustified based on the actual observations .
This paper lays out a challenge not only for ocean reanalysis , but for also improving model treatment of vertical heat transfer in the ocean .
Well , it will certainly be interesting to see what the media does with this paper , after declaring the hiatus an artifact several weeks ago . This new paper , published in the same journal as the Karl paper ( Science ) , should have come to the attention of the same journalists as the Karl paper ( although I did not see any press release associated with this paper ) . I received an advanced copy of the paper from someone in a skeptics organization – no queries from journalists or anything . It will be interesting to see how ( or if ) this paper plays out in the mainstream media .
Full disclosure : I have a seriously soft spot for this game . I played Akiba 's Trip quite a lot on the filthy filthy Vita , and it 's very much a popcorn game , in that it 's never particularly filling but it 's extraordinarily more-ish . I like it quite a lot , despite myself .
Still , it 's not the sort of game I 'd think would make a particularly smooth transition over to the PC . For one thing , it 's a relatively niche Japanese title , which is n't the sort of thing that normally makes for fantastic porting jobs . For another , it 's a third-person 3D beat-'em-up . That genre can certainly work on PC , but it usually takes a fair bit of adjusting to get it to feel natural . But you never know .
For the uninitiated : Akiba 's Trip is a tremendously silly beat-'em-up in a pseudo-open world . Actually , “ tremendously silly ” might be an understatement . This is a game in which you fight against vampires by punching them until their clothes are weakened enough that you can strip them , exposing their skin to sunlight , the most well-known vampire slayer this side of Buffy . You also do this to humans , but they just run away in shame instead of exploding into purple mist – and yes , everyone 's also trying to strip you .
With the exception of a few fan-service CG images , the stripping is played for comedy rather than sexuality , and the game knows how ridiculous it is , playing up pretty much every aspect of this in the dialogue . It 's light-hearted , fun , and silly . It 's also set in a rather lovely digital version of Akihabara ( supposedly pretty accurate to real-world Akihabara at that point in time , complete with real stores and the like ) , and has plenty of posts on its fake Twitter and fake email accounts to add yet more character to the game and the world .
It 's freely explorable , has an RPG-like levelling system and equipment , and plenty of side-quests to complete and characters to chat with . And yes , you also strip men , and regularly get fanservice-y pictures of under-dressed male characters .
With the svelte 2GB download out of the way , let 's fire it up and have a look .
First up is the obligatory launcher , which fills me with both joy and terror . The good : we 've got English and Japanese options for text and voice ; we 've got resolution options ( up to 1920×1200 , assuming it 's not locking anything off for me ) ; we 've got anti-aliasing ; and the game lets us use sliders to determine how many characters we want to appear in the world . We can even customise pretty much every control option imaginable , right down to how to access the in-game menu .
Also , the eagle-eyed among you will have noticed that the controls include “ Unison Strip. ” Yup . I was serious about the clothing removal thing .
In terms of more middling stuff , those character sliders only have three settings each so it 's not really something you can fine-tune , and the anti-aliasing option is literally a checkbox rather than the ability to choose 16x MSAA or whatever .
On the side of abject horror we have the fact that a launcher like this makes me immediately suspect that the game is a direct port with no PC-specific options within the game itself , and that 's usually a pretty worrying sign for ports . Then there are the keyboard controls . Yes , we can customise them , but that does n't mean that they 're not mildly horrifying .
Looking at them in more detail , it looks suspiciously like the default controls are a clumsy attempt to directly map a controller to the keyboard . WASD to move , with Q and E mapped to what would be the shoulder buttons , and then the spellcheck-annoying PL ; , to act as Triangle , Square , Circle , and X buttons . Except that three of those are also mapped to the three mouse buttons , which I guess is something . I will offer a genuine salute for making sure that every function can be mapped individually , though , and not just directly mapping gamepad buttons with all of their possible functions .
So let 's actually try playing it , with keyboard and mouse . After the world 's best anti-piracy message , FRAPS tells me we 're hard-locked to 30FPS ( spoilers : this goes for every single part of the game , not just the cutscenes and/or menus ) which does n't surprise me in the slightest . So let 's hit New Game , and , uh…
Sorry , I 'm having problems hitting New Game . Um .
Right , okay . So the mouse cursor appears on screen , but ca n't actually be used to select anything . You have to use WASD to select things instead , and then the left mouse button to confirm . Except that occasionally did n't work , and I had to use Return . And this gets really confusing when pop-ups asking “ Are you sure ? Yes/No ” appear on screen , which are the sort of occasion when the mouse is basically perfect for quickly hitting one or the other , and you mouse over “ No ” and left-click and you just selected Yes because the mouse position does n't change the options .
Also , every key pop-up in the game shows gamepad controls , and yes , I unplugged mine and restarted the game to see if that would change this . It did n't . I 'm vaguely impressed that it showed me controls for an Xbox 360 controller , considering that the game has never been released on a Microsoft system , but that 's still bloody awful . Press “ Back ” to change character ? Which key is that mapped to , again ?
But we 'll persevere . I do n't know what key Back is mapped to , so I 'm going to have to just change my protagonist 's name ( the “ Change Character ” options let you select the other major characters and rename/re-dress them ) and then continue onwards .
One of the things I love about Akiba 's Trip is the dialogue . It 's a very , very knowing game , and it does n't take itself even remotely seriously . Your character has been lured into a medical lab for “ tests ” in exchange for rare collectible figurines , because your character is kind of an idiot . Surprise ! They 're not quite on the level and he 's been turned into a Synthister – a super-strong , super-fast human with a serious weakness to direct sunlight , so essentially a human-made vampire . Exposing too much skin directly to the light is very dangerous , and the chap behind it wants you to harvest life energy from people in Akihabara for Reasons .
You can , naturally , respond to every line of dialogue with GIVE ME MY FIGURINES ALREADY .
You 're suddenly rescued by a mysterious girl who gives you a brief tutorial in punching and blocking , and it 's at this point you discover that holy shit the mouse and keyboard controls are bad .
It does n't look so bad on paper . You move with WASD , and that makes sense . You use your three mouse buttons to attack high/mid/low , and that makes sense . You block with E. Not ideal , but workable , surely ?
Well , the mouse movement and camera rotation is unbelievably sluggish and imprecise , making targeting a pain in the ass , and you ca n't change mouse sensitivity without quitting out of the game , opening up the launcher , and adjusting a slider that gives no indication of values . WASD is n't ideal for a game with a full range of analogue movement , with particular attacks relying on “ pressing the left stick away from the enemy ” . And – in that nebulous way that 's impossible to describe – it just feels a bit horrible .
If you 've played around with emulators before , you 've probably experienced the joy of mapping a control pad to a keyboard before . With slower-paced games – RPGs , say – it 's bearable . With others , like fast-paced fighting games , it 's kind of painful . And as analogue sticks and four shoulder buttons became the standard for controllers , it got more and more of a nightmare to map things properly .
That 's basically the problem here : control-wise , this feels like trying to run an emulated game and mapping everything that matters to the keyboard , and maybe shonkily mapping a few keys to the mouse . It just feels wrong . It might be possible to configure everything to work “ properly ” on mouse and keyboard , and I suspect most of us could get used to even the worst controls , but it 's something that 's really crying out for a gamepad .
So , after the initial fight , I save and quit , sigh as the game crashes on exit , plug in the 360 pad , and get back to it .
Suddenly , everything is infinitely better . The game is playable ! Flowers are blooming around me ! Birds are singing in harmony with me ! I can see a rainbow ! All of which might actually indicate a serious neurological condition because it 's night and the curtains are shut , but I 'm suddenly having fun , so let 's ignore that .
The camera is still a bit sluggish ( which I do actually remember from the Vita version ) and it 's a game that could really do with a proper lock-on mechanic , but I do n't remember that bothering me too much originally so I 'm fairly sure I 'll get used to it again here .
What may or may not bother you is that this is a really basic PC port . Its stylised appearance means it looks fine , but it 's not exactly impressive , and it 's really not a game built for a high-end PC rig . 30 FPS lock , borderline mandatory gamepad controls , a miniscule set of options , and basically no PC-specific options within the game itself mark this out as a port , rather than a super-specific PC version .
But ! There are a few bonuses which I do n't remember from the Vita version ( but which may have been on the PS3 or PS4 equivalents ) , like the frankly amazing ability to really screw with the graphics . You can adjust the fog colour and distance , the colour of characters and their shading , the thickness and colour of the cel-shading lines around everything , and plenty more . As an example , here 's the game by default :
And here it is after I 've horribly fucked with the character colours and shading :
And again after I 've played with the edge thickness and colour , thus proving that I will never be an art director on a game :
This is the sort of silly little thing I love . It 's also the sort of thing I pretty much expect from this game , ridiculous as it is . It 's sad you ca n't mess with a few other things to make it look a lot less washed out – post-processing , say – but I 'm happy to see options like this to begin with .
Akiba 's Trip : Undead & Undressed is n't going to win awards for what is a seriously bare-bones port . You may want to be careful with purchases : while my computer 's capable of running this and another game at the same time , it does claim to require DirectX 11 , and its specs are n't the lowest I 've seen ( presumably because this is a not-particularly-optimised port of the PS4 version ) . By the same token , there are a few reports of crashes and graphical issues , although I encountered none of this except when quitting . The advantage it has , mind you , is that areas load rather quickly on PC so traversing Akihabara does n't take long , and in the little bit I 've played , NPCs did n't take forever to spawn in , which was a bit of a problem on the Vita version .
It 's also not likely to win any awards for its gameplay , which is a tad repetitive , but is buoyed up nicely by the sheer character and ludicrousness that infuses pretty much every moment of it . For me , that 's enough : I 'm happy to have the opportunity to play this on PC , and I can run it in a window or fullscreen , plug in a gamepad , and lose myself to an hour of stripping pseudo-vampires in modern-day Japan while reading insane posts on fake Twitter . It 's really not a good port , and – honestly – it 's not even a particularly great game , but it 's the sort of thing I really , really like , despite its flaws , and I 'd happily pay £18 for it again . Buyer beware , but if you want something that 's as quirky as it is light-hearted , this might just fit the bill .
CTV Montreal
The Bell Centre is about to undergo $ 100 million in renovations over the next three years .
Geoff Molson , president of the Montreal Canadiens , the Bell Centre , and evenko , said the work is being planned so as not to interfere with any activities that normally take place at the arena .
`` I think that overall we want our fan to have a great experience , and it was time for us to invest in the building , to give our fans an excuse to keep coming , '' said Molson .
`` When they leave the Bell Centre feeling good about their experience whether it 's the quality of the service , the quality of the seats , the increased space in the hallways here , we want them to leave satisfied . ''
`` When you have a building that 's 20 years old you have to face the music at some point and invest some money and make it a better place . ''
The plans include adding new restaurants to the building and transforming Canadiens Ave. into a pedestrian-only street .
The Bell Centre 's 21,000 seats have already been replaced .
Work still to do includes renovating the loges , adding wi-fi , and changing the look of concession stands .
The Bell Centre was built nearly 20 years ago , and will soon be surrounded by two new condominium towers also owned by the company .
NYPD Police Commissioner Bill Bratton ( center ) pushes Congress to renew the Zadroga Act in Washington DC on Dec. 10 , 2015 . ( credit : NYPD/Twitter )
Updated on Dec. 11 , 2015 at 1:20 p.m .
WASHINGTON ( CBSNewYork/AP ) — Police Commissioner Bill Bratton , flanked by police and firefighters , pushed Congress on Thursday to keep dollars flowing to a health program for first responders and others who got sick working in the rubble of the Sept. 11 attacks .
Bratton noted that the House and Senate were holding hearings on the evolving terrorist threat to the United States , but the country still had n't paid its debt to the first responders of 9/11 .
“ That is the ultimate irony , ” Bratton said , standing in a Senate office building rotunda decorated with emotive artwork of first responders , including some who became ill and died . “ It just defies logic . ”
The Zadroga Act , named after a responder who died after working at ground zero , first became law in 2010 . The health benefits expired this fall .
“ That first bill came with an expiration date ” said NYPD Deputy Inspector Roy Richter . “ But the illnesses that our members are dealing with did n't have an expiration date . ”
Federal officials say the fund will face challenges by February and have to start shutting down by next summer if the money does not come .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which oversees the program , more than 70,000 people have enrolled , including more than 4,000 with cancer .
Lawmakers say they are close to a deal , but are looking for a way to pay for the legislation , which could cost more than $ 8 billion . They are aiming to attach it to a year-end spending bill expected to be released next week or a package of tax breaks for businesses .
Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-N.Y. , said supporters of the legislation have 66 votes in the Senate and 259 in the House — more than enough to pass both chambers .
“ We have the votes . The only thing standing in our way is some of the Republican leadership who act like they are in no rush to pass this bill , ” they said .
Schumer said the only thing holding the bill up is politics , 1010 WINS ' Steve Kastenbaum reported .
“ The lives of our first responders is not a bargaining chip and can never be , ” Schumer said . “ You do n't trade it . ”
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-N.Y. , said “ the lack of urgency , the lack of empathy , is shocking . ”
Supporters of the legislation have reason to be optimistic .
House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , told Republicans Thursday : “ You guys in the Northeast worried about the 9/11 package , that 's going to be taken care of . ”
In a statement , Republican Congressman Dan Donovan of Staten Island said they were told by Ryan that the Zadroga Act “ is in the large spending bill that will pass next week . ”
“ We spent months fighting side-by-side with American heroes – with men and women who should n't have to shoulder this burden because they are already fighting for their lives – to make our case , ” they said . “ I 've said all along that on the merits , we will win . ”
Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D-N.Y. , was pleased by Ryan 's remark , but said , “ It 's not done until it 's done . ”
They said the legislation would include $ 3.5 billion for medical monitoring and treatment of first responders and $ 4.6 billion for a compensation fund for victims . The health care benefits would expire in 2090 , Maloney said , making the program essentially permanent as advocates had sought . The compensation program would expire in 2021 .
NYPD officer John Ryan , 42 , hopes the legislation passes before the end of the year . They were at ground zero shortly after the second tower fell . Following 9/11 , they helped with rescue and recovery operations at the World Trade Center .
In October 2013 , they were diagnosed with colon cancer . The cancer returned following a surgery , but it has been in remission since July . They currently work full time , but on restricted status , doing desk duty in Staten Island .
“ I worry . I have another CAT scan coming up in March , ” Ryan said . “ I think my main insurance should cover it , but I hope the Zadroga bill gets passed for myself and so many other people . ”
Steven Padula is a forensic detective who worked at ground zero for months . If the program closes , he 'd have to pay for their medications , WCBS 880 's Peter Haskell reported .
“ That would be a significant out-of-pocket expense for me , ” they said .
“ We , if the bill is n't funded , we would essentially have to go out of business , ” said Michael Crane .
Crane is the program 's medical director . They said it 's not just the treatment that 's at stake , but also the research .
( TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Following the preliminary DLC schedule for the English release of Persona 5 earlier this month , Atlus has released a full schedule detailing the release dates and the prices for all the upcoming additional content for the game in North America .
It 's almost time to rebel against society and steal some hearts , because Persona 5 is coming out next week ! Since we 're SO close to launch , we wanted to gather all P5 DLC information in one place for easy access . Seriously , there 's a ton of additional content that 'll be available in the future . Want to play the game in it 's original Japanese audio ? We 've got you covered . Trying to channel the spirit of Persona 4 's Investigation Team ? You totally can ! Feel like dressing up Morgana as a sheep ? The Catherine set is right up your alley ! In the mood to deck out your PlayStation with the Phantom Thieves ? We 've got that too ! Need to role-play as Samurai from the Eastern Kingdom of Mikado ? The Shin Megami Tensei IV set will do the trick . There 's plenty of additional content for the budding phantom thief , so check out the DLC information below !
DLC Release Date Price Persona 5 Japanese Audio Track 4/4/2017 FREE Persona 4 Costume & BGM Special Set 4/11/2017 $ 6.99 Persona 3 Costume & BGM Special Set 4/11/2017 $ 6.99 Persona 2 Costume & BGM Special Set 4/18/2017 $ 6.99 Shin Megami Tensei : Persona Costume & BGM Special Set 4/18/2017 $ 6.99 Shin Megami Tensei if… Costume & BGM Special Set 4/18/2017 $ 6.99 Persona 4 : Dancing All Night Costume & BGM Special Set 4/25/2017 $ 6.99 Persona 4 Arena Ultimax Costume & BGM Special Set 4/25/2017 $ 6.99 Shin Megami Tensei IV Costume & BGM Special Set 4/25/2017 $ 6.99 Devil Summoner : Raidou Kuzunoha Costume & BGM Special Set 5/2/2017 $ 6.99 Catherine Costume & BGM Special Set 5/2/2017 $ 6.99 Orpheus & Orpheus Picaro Set 4/11/2017 $ 2.99 Izanagi & Izanagi Picaro Set 4/11/2017 $ 2.99 Thanatos & Thanatos Picaro Set 4/18/2017 $ 2.99 Magatsu Izanagi & Magatsu Izanagi Picaro Set 4/18/2017 $ 2.99 Kaguya & Kaguya Picaro Set 4/18/2017 $ 2.99 Ariadne & Ariadne Picaro Set 4/25/2017 $ 2.99 Asterius & Asterius Picaro Set 4/25/2017 $ 2.99 Tsukiyomi & Tsukiyomi Picaro Set 4/25/2017 $ 2.99 Messiah & Messiah Picaro Set 5/2/2017 $ 2.99 Persona 5 Healing Item Set 4/4/2017 FREE Persona 5 Skill Card set 4/4/2017 FREE Persona 5 Regular Clothes & School Uniforms Set 4/11/2017 FREE Persona 5 Phantom Thieves Logo Morgana Car Sticker 4/18/2017 FREE Persona 5 Swimsuit Set 4/25/2017 FREE Persona 5 New Difficulty Level Challenge 4/4/2017 FREE Persona 20th Anniversary Logo Morgana Car Sticker 4/18/2017 FREE Persona 5 Maid & Butler Costume Set 6/6/2017 FREE Persona 5 Christmas Costume Set 7/11/2017 FREE Persona 5 Protagonist Special Theme & Avatar Set
( PS4 only ) 4/4/2017 FREE with digital pre-order/ $ 1.99 Persona 5 Ryuji Sakamoto Special Theme & Avatar Set ( PS4 only ) 4/4/2017 $ 1.99 Persona 5 Morgana Special Theme & Avatar Set
( PS4 only ) 4/4/2017 $ 1.99 Persona 5 Ann Takamaki Special Theme & Avatar Set
( PS4 only ) 4/4/2017 $ 1.99 Persona 5 Yusuke Kitagawa Special Theme & Avatar Set
( PS4 only ) 4/11/2017 $ 1.99 Persona 5 Makoto Niijima Special Theme & Avatar Set
( PS4 only ) 4/11/2017 $ 1.99 Persona 5 Futaba Sakura Special Theme & Avatar Set
( PS4 only ) 4/11/2017 $ 1.99 Persona 5 Haru Okumura Special Theme & Avatar Set
( PS4 only ) 4/11/2017 $ 1.99 Persona 5 Goro Akechi Special Theme & Avatar Set
( PS4 only ) 4/18/2017 $ 1.99 Persona 5 Igor & Attendants Special Theme & Avatar
Set
( PS4 only ) 4/18/2017 $ 1.99 Persona 5 Protagonist Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/4/2017 $ 0.99 Persona 5 Ryuji Sakamoto Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/4/2017 $ 0.99 Persona 5 Morgana Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/4/2017 $ 0.99 Persona 5 Ann Takamaki Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/4/2017 $ 0.99 Persona 5 Yusuke Kitagawa Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/11/2017 $ 0.99 Persona 5 Makoto Niijima Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/11/2017 $ 0.99 Persona 5 Futaba Sakura Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/11/2017 $ 0.99 Persona 5 Haru Okumura Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/11/2017 $ 0.99 Persona 5 Goro Akechi Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/18/2017 $ 0.99 Persona 5 Igor & Attendants Special Theme
( PS3 only ) 4/18/2017 $ 0.99
Deep Silver has also released a similar schedule for the European release of the game , with prices in Euro and GBP .
Persona 5 was released for the PS3 and PS4 in Japan on September 15 , 2016 . It was released for the PS4 in Traditional Chinese on March 23 , 2017 . It will release in North America and Europe on April 4th , 2017 , and in Korean in 2017 .
Barrichello is the most experienced driver in F1 history but wants to race on
They are doing their utmost to fight it , but Rubens Barrichello 's illustrious career appears to be turning full circle this weekend .
The 39-year-old Brazilian veteran was born just down the road from the Interlagos circuit and raced here as a youngster , and now the track looks like being the stage for their final grand prix .
Barrichello , the most experienced F1 driver in history , does not see it that way . They are hopeful that they will find a drive to race on into an unprecedented 20th consecutive season in 2012 . But the reality is that there appear to be no seats available for him .
Their many friends in the paddock - Ferrari 's Felipe Massa and Red Bull 's Mark Webber among them - are therefore urging Barrichello to treat this as a farewell race , so their home-town fans and F1 itself can give them `` the send-off they deserve '' , as the Australian puts it .
BARRICHELLO FACTFILE Born : 23 May , 1972 in São Paulo
23 May , 1972 in São Paulo Teams : Jordan , Stewart , Ferrari , Honda , Brawn GP , Williams
Jordan , Stewart , Ferrari , Honda , Brawn GP , Williams Grand Prix : 325
325 Points : 653
653 Wins : 11
11 Poles : 14
Barrichello , though , is not ready to accept that a love affair that has ruled their life is at an end .
`` Felipe has been very protective . As a friend they do n't want me to go in vain and not having said goodbye to my people , '' Barrichello told BBC F1 chief analyst Eddie Jordan in a revealing interview that will be broadcast in two parts on BBC One on Saturday and Sunday .
`` I will never say goodbye to my people . I am a man of Brazil , of F1 . My middle name needs to change to Rubens F1 Barrichello . I have no intention of saying goodbye .
`` Right now I am part of it , and it 's almost like I feel I deserve next year . I will be 40 , 20 years in F1 , but I have so much motivation . It would be bad not to use my experience , but I can see myself here next year . ''
Barrichello has been through a lot in their 19 seasons in one of the world 's most demanding sports , but although they are nearing 40 , they have shown no sign this year that their talent is fading away .
That is a remarkable achievement for a man who made their grand prix debut in South Africa in 1993 , in a race that featured Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost at the front of the grid , and who has since won 11 races .
Barrichello impressed from the start of their career , running as high as third in a Jordan in the rain-soaked European Grand Prix at Donington Park in 1993 , the race that has come to epitomise Senna 's career .
Barrichello 's own time in F1 is indivisible from that of their late countryman .
Senna took Barrichello under their wing when they arrived in F1 and went to see them in the track hospital when they crashed their Jordan violently at 140mph on Friday at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix - two days before Senna themselves was killed .
There was a touching moment in their BBC interview here when Barrichello remembered a time when they went to Tokyo Disneyland with Senna in early '94 , and recalled the delight with which the normally ascetic three-time champion tucked into a cheeseburger .
Senna 's death weighed heavily on Barrichello , not just because they lost a hero who had become a close friend , but also because the hopes and expectations of a huge nation now fell on their young shoulders .
Initially , it was not an easy burden to bear - Barrichello has told me themselves how hard it was to deal with that at the age of 22 , with just one full season in F1 behind him .
In time , though , they came to terms with it , and the nation 's fans grew to love him , too . The cheering as they led their home race in 1997 at the wheel of a Stewart drowned out the sound of a full field of racing engines . And there were tears in 2003 when , now at the wheel of a Ferrari , they retired from a convincing lead when they ran out of fuel .
The Ferrari years gave Barrichello all but two of their F1 wins , but they were tough for him , too , cast as they were into a supporting role to Michael Schumacher . So much has gone on behind closed doors that two men who share so much history now do not even pretend to like each other .
Media playback is not supported on this device Team orders - The move that started it all
Schumacher was the only driver not to turn up for the celebrations to mark Barrichello 's 300th race in 2010 , and here , asked if they were friends , Barrichello said : `` Unfortunately not any more . We had great fun , he 's a great guy outside , he 's one of the greatest drivers , and with a glass of wine in their hand they can be very truthful .
`` But we started to be apart when we started not to race each other , we have a lot of respect for each other , but we do n't have that relationship any more . ''
Eventually , so tired did Barrichello grow of their supporting role at Maranello that they quit the team a year before the end of their contract to join Jenson Button at Honda .
The decision led to three tough years as the Japanese giant squandered huge resources and fell further down the grid , until it abruptly pulled out at the end of 2008 - leaving the careers of both Barrichello and Button hanging in the balance .
For a long time it looked as if time might be up for both men , but team principal Ross Brawn pulled their eponymous team out of the ashes of Honda , and the story had a fairytale ending as both men battled for the 2009 title , which was won by the Englishman .
Two tough years at Williams years followed and Barrichello is again staring at the end of the line . The chances of surviving the cull for a second time look slim , but if they are again on the grid in 2012 they will be almost universally welcomed , for this is a man who is living proof that nice guys can win .
`` When we look ourselves in the mirror , we must enjoy ( it ) , '' they told Jordan . `` The whole thing about F1 that the bad boy is the winner is wrong . I 'm here to change that , ( to show ) you can be a nice guy . ''
They glanced behind them at the Interlagos track , and the city-scape beyond .
`` I took Mark Webber to my apartment on Wednesday to show them a bit of São Paulo . You can have friends and still be tough here . ''
FX , basic cable 's leader for year-round scripted programming , has announced its early 2013 release dates .
The Emmy ( R ) Award-winning Justified returns for its fourth season on January 8 , and will continue to run Tuesdays at 10 PM ET/PT . Developed by Graham Yost and starring Timothy Olyphant , Justified is based on the works of crime novelist Elmore Leonard , including Leonard 's short story `` Fire in the Hole . '' In Season 3 , Deputy US Marshal Raylan Givens ( Olyphant ) faced off against dirty politics , hidden fortunes , a mysterious criminal ringleader named Limehouse , and Quarles , an ambitious gangster from the underbelly of Motor City . This January , Raylan will start to pick at the thread of a cold case over 30 years in the making , unraveling a riddle that echoes all the way back to their boyhood and their criminal father 's bad dealings . Meanwhile , Boyd Crowder ( Walton Goggins ) finds their grip on Harlan loosening due to a Pentecostal preacher with a penchant for theatrics and a knack for manipulation to rival their own . Yost is an Executive Producer , along with Leonard , Carl Beverly , Sarah Timberman and Fred Golan . Justified is produced by Sony Pictures Television and FX Productions .
Anger Management will begin its back-90 run on Thursday , January 17 with consecutive episodes at 9:00 & 9:30PM before moving to its regularly scheduled timeslot of Thursdays at 9:30 PM ET/PT . Charlie Sheen stars as `` Charlie , '' a non-traditional therapist specializing in anger management . They have a successful private practice , holding sessions with their group of primary patient regulars each week , as well as performing pro bono counseling for an inmate group at a state prison . Charlie thrives on the chaos in their life while still battling their own anger issues . Their life is complicated by their relationships with their own therapist/best friend , an ex-wife whose positive outlook but poor choice in men frustrates Charlie , and their 13-year-old daughter who has OCD .
FX 's acclaimed animated series Archer returns for its fourth season starting January 17 and will air Thursdays at 10 PM ET/PT . Archer is an animated , half-hour comedy that revolves around the International Secret Intelligence Service ( ISIS ) and the lives of its employees . Although their work of espionage , reconnaissance missions , wiretapping and undercover surveillance is daunting and dangerous , every covert operation and global crisis is actually just another excuse for the ISIS staff to undermine , sabotage and betray each other for personal gain . The series features the voices of H. Jon Benjamin as the highly skilled and incredibly vain master spy `` Sterling Archer ; '' Aisha Tyler as Archer 's fellow agent and ex-girlfriend `` Lana Kane ; '' Jessica Walter as Archer 's domineering mother and the director of ISIS , `` Malory Archer ; '' Chris Parnel l as the easily intimidated comptroller-turned ISIS agent `` Cyril Figgis ; '' Judy Greer as Malory 's loquacious secretary , `` Cheryl ; '' Amber Nash as the discordant director of human resources for ISIS , `` Pam Poovey ; '' Adam Reed as the gay voice of reason at ISIS , `` Ray Gil lette ; '' Lucky Yates as ISIS 's possibly mad scientist , `` Krieger ; '' and George Coe as Archer 's elderly and always exploi Ted Butler , `` Woodhouse . ''
FX will premiere its newest original comedy series Legit , on January 17 at 10:30 ET/PT immediately following Archer . In Legit , Jim Jefferies is an edgy , foul-mouthed stand-up comedian from Australia , in their mid-30s and living in LA , struggling to make their life and career more `` legit , '' only to find it a difficult , uncomfortable uphill struggle every step of the way . Jim is encouraged in their quest by Steve ( Dan Bakkedahl ) , their neurotic best friend and roommate , a cyber-law library salesperson who struggles to stay on their feet in the wake of a divorce , and Steve 's brother , Billy ( DJ Qualls ) , who suffers from advanced staged Muscular Dystrophy and is confined to a wheelchair . Legit stars Jim Jefferies as 'Jim , ' Dan Bakkedahl as 'Steve ' and DJ Qualls as 'Billy . ' Peter O'Fallon , Jim Jefferies , Rick Cleveland and Lisa Blum serve as Executive Producers . The series is produced by FX Productions . FX has ordered 13 episodes of Legit .
Totally Biased with W. Kamau Bell will return with a new cycle of episodes Thursday , January 17 at 11 PM ET/PT . Totally Biased , from Bell and Executive Producers Chris Rock , Chuck Sklar and Keri Smith Esguia , stars standup comedian W. Kamau Bell as they hilariously dissect politics , pop culture , race , religion , sex and the media from their own unique point of view . The show features live guests and taped segments . The show is produced by FX Productions .
About FX
FX is the flagship general entertainment basic cable network from Fox . Launched in June of 1994 , FX is carried in nearly 98 million homes . The diverse schedule features a growing roster of critically acclaimed and award-winning hit dramas series Sons of Anarchy and Justified ; the miniseries American Horror Story : Asylum ; the upcoming drama series The Americans ; the acclaimed hit comedy series It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia , The League , Louie , Archer , Wilfred , BrandX with Russell Brand , and Totally Biased with W. Kamau Bell ; and the upcoming comedy Legit . The network 's library of acquired box-office hit movies is unmatched by any ad-supported television network . FX 's other offerings include the acquired hit series Two and a Half Men and How I Met Your Mother , and live sports with UFC and NCAA football .
Related Articles View More TV Stories
Rich Lowry and Megyn Kelly smugly dismiss the existence of white privilege as `` an odious lie '' `` We have a hideous history of racism in this country , '' Lowry said , `` but that does n't determine anyone 's future ''
On `` The Kelly File '' Thursday evening , National Review editor Rich Lowry spoke to host Megyn Kelly about an upcoming MTV documentary on white privilege .
`` No one has seen this film yet , '' Lowry confessed , `` but I think we can agree that it will be as stupid and exploitative as you expect from a network that brought us 'Jersey Shore ' and 'Teen Mom 2 . ' ''
Advertisement :
`` The notion of 'white privilege ' is really trendy on campuses , '' they continued , `` and it 's based on an odious lie about our society . There 's no doubt we have a hideous history of racism in this country , but that does n't determine anyone 's future right now . It 's overwhelmingly based on 'family privilege , ' 'education privilege , ' and 'hard-work privilege ' -- and those are things that are open to everyone in the country . ''
Kelly noted that the producer of the MTV documentary , Jose Antonio Vargas , is a Pulitzer Prize-winning undocumented immigrant , and that he 's highlighting comments like one from a young white woman who said `` this is what it 's like being white -- you get the feeling that things belong to you . ''
`` Who died and made them the spokesperson for white people ? '' Kelly asked , seemingly forgetting that their network is in the process of transforming Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez , Kate Steinle 's murderer , into the spokesperson for all undocumented immigrants .
`` He certainly does n't speak for me , '' progressive radio host Leslie Marshall said . They explained that the documentary reminded them of a college course on `` the sociology of prejudice '' from which they and many their classmates learned `` so much more about other religions and other colors and [ about ] how I , as a white woman , was perceived , and I thought it was great conversation . ''
`` Uh-huh , '' Kelly said dismissively . `` But here 's my question for you , Rich , are we adult enough in our society to have that conversation ? And do we trust that conversation in the hands of this particular filmmaker who 's come out and talked about how we ca n't talk about racism until we confront white privilege , and how a new America is being created right now and the growing presence of non-white people is a good thing . ''
`` We 're having this conversation all the time , '' Lowry said , because `` we 're overly obsessed with race , especially on the left , which appears to look at people and [ not ] see individuals , but skin color ! ''
Advertisement :
`` When you look at white privilege , '' they continued , `` when you look at some of the whitest counties in America -- they are in Appalachia . If race were determinative of success in this country , those would be the best counties to live in . But they 're some of the poorest in the country ! ''
Kelly later claimed that preparatory schools in New York City `` devote entire years of school '' to teaching about how horrible America is `` because of what the white people did to the American Indians , '' leading people to believe this is `` about white shaming , instead of starting a dialogue on these issues . ''
`` How would my life be different if I were not white ? '' Kelly asked as the segment closed . They jokingly answered , `` I would be darker . '' Because race , like rape , is is in fact a laughing matter on `` The Kelly File . ''
Watch the entire segment below via Fox News .
Michelin Man : The Inside Story
Impersonating the famous tire guy , our reporter ( above ) bathed in love and in sweat . Nothing new for this 107-year-old icon . A true tale of serendipity , survival , and brand management .
( FORTUNE Magazine ) – My field of vision is constricted because I 'm peering out of the cheesecloth mouth of the costume , and I 've been instructed to keep looking down lest the mascot 's head appear to be rocking back unnaturally toward the sky . A battery pack strapped to my back powers two blowers near my thighs that inflate the suit 's nylon infrastructure and its outer artificial-leather shell . The blowers are supposed to provide circulation too , but acrid sweat is already soaking through my third T-shirt of the morning . I can now make out a nearby family of tourists , maybe from India , on the Times Square traffic island where my handlers have led me . I waddle toward them , waving exaggeratedly . They reward me with startled grins and laughter and are soon taking turns posing for photos with me . Earlier this morning , after just five minutes in this bathysphere-shaped getup , the neural synapses that control my social inhibitions suddenly toggled off . As long as I was encased in this thing , people of all ages , races , and creeds would reliably respond to me with enchantment and glee . Accordingly , I could approach anyone . The most forbiddingly beautiful women ; the severest , most humorless executives ; the baddest , buffest bike messengers -- they would all be flattered by my attentions , enthusiastically shake my hand , touch me , hug me . Whoever categorized goodwill as an `` intangible '' had obviously never spent a day as the Michelin Man .
Though most Americans recognize the Michelin Man -- the symbol of what is now the world 's leading tire company by market share ( No . 294 on FORTUNE 's Global 500 ) -- their appreciation for them is only tread-deep . They think of them as a younger cousin to the cuddly Pillsbury Doughboy , who was created in 1965 . But the Michelin Man has been promoting tires since 1898 . Though not the oldest corporate mascot ( the Quaker Oats Pilgrim goes back to 1877 , and Aunt Jemima to at least 1893 ) , they have probably been drawn , painted , sculpted , die-cast , injection-molded , animated , and pixelated in countlessly more postures -- and in infinitely more imaginative postures -- than they or most of their protégés put together , including the Morton Salt Umbrella Girl ( 1911 ) , Mr. Peanut ( 1916 ) , Betty Crocker ( 1921 ) , the Jolly Green Giant ( 1925 ) , and Reddy Kilowatt ( 1926 ) . ( I exclude Mickey Mouse , born in 1928 , because they are Disney 's product itself , rather than simply an emblem of its product . )
On the occasion of FORTUNE 's 75th anniversary -- a time of looking back and taking stock of societal change and corporate adaptation -- we think the Michelin Man 's evolution and remarkable staying power can teach us all something about creating , burnishing , and preserving an inspiring corporate identity in a changing world . Plus , we just think he 's neat .
The Michelin Man was anything but cuddly in their earliest incarnations . They had a frightful , mummy-like aspect then , and sometimes appeared as a gladiator or a kickboxer . In the Italian market they were a grandiloquent memoirist , a nimble ballroom dancer , and an incorrigible ladies ' man . Stranger still , back then they were known as the `` road drunkard . '' To this day their official name is Bibendum , the Latin gerundive meaning `` drinking to be done . '' The name comes from the first series of posters featuring him , which bore the Latin legend Nunc est bibendum -- '' Now is the time to drink '' -- and depicted the tire man hoisting a champagne goblet filled with nails and broken glass , sometimes garnished with a horseshoe . The seemingly tortured conceit , as the ad copy spelled out , was that `` Michelin tires drink up obstacles '' -- i.e. , they would n't puncture easily .
Yet what sounds today like a preposterously ill- advised advertising campaign made keen good sense at its moment in cultural history . And the quirkiness of Bibendum 's origins is part of what inspires such loyalty among their fans today .
`` I 'm so happy you are writing on Bibendum , my beloved , '' says Paola Antonelli , the curator of architecture and design at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City . `` It 's so funny how they picked logos in the past . Today it 's a longer process of distillation -- much more abstract . But they came from piling up tires , and their name from the fact that they could swallow obstacles . It 's so serendipitous . It really sticks in your mind . '' In 2000 , Antonelli was on an international jury of 22 designers , advertising executives , and branding gurus who voted Bibendum the `` greatest logo in history '' in a competition sponsored by the Financial Times and the Canadian magazine Report on Business . ( The symbol for the London Underground came in second . )
`` He 's much more than an advertising tool or corporate logo , '' says Édouard Michelin , the company 's chief executive and the great-grandson of its co-founder . `` He has lived through the whole history of the automobile . That gives them a status beyond any other type of corporate logo . He 's alive . No , really . ''
In 1889 the brothers André and Édouard Michelin took control of a struggling rubber products business in Clermont-Ferrand , an industrial city in central France . According to the company 's official history , a bicyclist came to their workshop in 1889 with a flat tire . Pneumatic ( inflatable ) tires had just been invented by John Boyd Dunlop the year before . Pneumatics provided a much more comfortable ride than the alternative -- solid rubber tires -- but they were subject to punctures , especially since roads were so poor . In fixing the flat , the brothers discovered that the customer 's Dunlops were glued to the rims , making patches extremely time-consuming . They soon developed and patented a detachable pneumatic tire that could be repaired in 15 minutes or so . Next they pioneered pneumatic tires for carriages , and by 1895 an early automobile known as the Éclair ( it looked like one ) completed a 750-mile race on Michelin tires .
During this period Bibendum was in gestation . Their first kick in the womb came in 1893 when André argued to the skeptical Paris Society of Civil Engineers that pneumatic tires could `` drink up obstacles . '' Fetal Bibendum kicked again in 1894 , when Édouard motioned to stacks of tires at an auto exposition in Lyon and commented to André , `` Add some arms , and you 'd say they were men . ''
Then , in 1897 , while thumbing through a commercial artist 's portfolio , André had a fateful epiphany . It was triggered by a sketch that had been rejected by a Munich brewery , showing a legendary king hoisting a stein and uttering a Latin toast . André told the artist , who went by the pen name O'Galop , to substitute a tire man for the king . In O'Galop 's final version , completed in April 1898 , Bibendum is flanked by two tattered , flaccid rivals who could n't hold their rusty nails . To contemporaries , the competitors ' caricatured faces were readily recognizable as those of John Boyd Dunlop and the then-chief of Continental Tire .
If Bibendum was made of tires , the reader may ask , why was n't they black ? Simple answer : Tires were n't black until 1912 , when makers first began adding carbon black as a preservative . Until then they were either a gray-white or a light , translucent beige .
While it may seem astounding that a company would base an advertising campaign on a Latin motto , the Michelins were n't wooing the masses . Both motoring and bicycling were rich men 's avocations . Accordingly , O'Galop 's Bibendum was , like their customers , quite upper crust , smoking a fat Havana cigar and wearing a lorgnette .
André Michelin gave Bibendum their first speaking engagement in December 1898 at a Paris cycle show . They set up a large cardboard cutout of the tire man at the Michelin booth and hired a cabaret comedian to crouch behind it and provide in-character banter . According to a biography of Bibendum by Olivier Darman , André had specified that they wanted someone with `` perfect elocution , '' `` keen repartee , '' and `` wit without vulgarity . '' So large a crowd is said to have formed around the spectacle that rival vendors became enraged , pushing and shoving broke out , and gendarmes had to be called in to restore order .
In those days competition was brutal , and so was Bibendum . One poster depicts them as a gladiator in the Coliseum , their sandaled foot across the throat of a writhing , bleeding tire man , with three tattered tire corpses littering the arena behind him . Competitors responded in kind . A maker of solid rubber tires depicted its own symbolic champion , a Pre-Raphaelite beauty , about to drive a huge nail into a cowering Bibendum , who abjectly begs for their life .
In 1907 , Michelin launched a travel magazine in Italy , giving Bibendum a regular column . In one , they wrote of a Ball of Nations they had attended , praising ladies representing various lands . According to biographer Darman 's translation , Bibendum addressed Italy : `` O you sublime Madonna , Rome 's destiny , accept my homage , you whose eyes shine with the splendors of the Renaissance . '' In an almost cruel postscript , Bibendum reported the crushing impact their social conquests were having on their rivals : `` ashen-faced suitors with fixed smiles , living symbols of a shattered illusion . '' No Pillsbury Doughboy he !
With iconic status , alas , comes a certain responsibility to one 's public . As a product succeeds , its mascot must appeal to a wider audience -- and tone down their sharper edges . In the early 1900s , Bibendum swore off violence and began to strike more playful poses -- say , riding a bike while flinging tires like Frisbees -- and they increasingly defined themselves as the motorist 's guardian angel . In a 1914 poster they assist a family with a flat by donating the biggest , choicest tire from their own midsection , as an azure sky shows through the hole left in their abdomen .
These behavioral modifications were complemented by physical ones . As the late biologist Stephen Jay Gould once observed in an essay on Mickey Mouse , successful mascots frequently undergo an evolutionary process they called `` neoteny '' : They develop increasingly juvenile physical characteristics , because those are the ones that we consider the most lovable and unthreatening . Like Mickey 's , Bibendum 's head over the years has grown larger relative to their body , their eyes bigger relative to their head , their jaw less prominent , their limbs pudgier . By 1925 they had discarded the lorgnette , and in 1929 , during a tuberculosis epidemic , they gave up cigars too .
Some purists carp that Bibendum 's evolution has left them too bland . `` He 's shed all the characteristics that made them endearing , '' says Scott Goodson , founder of the StrawberryFrog ad agency and a great admirer of O'Galop 's Bibendum .
But MoMA curator Antonelli comes to the defense of them beloved . `` We all evolve , '' they protest . `` I think it 's beautiful that logos have a life . It really highlights the visual history of the world . ''
To complete my research , I asked Michelin whether I could interview Bibendum when they next appeared in mascot form . A spokesperson explained that they are mute . `` But you could be him , I suppose , '' they countered . I accepted .
A few weeks later , Matt Brady , co-founder of the Mascot Organization , is helping me into the $ 2,000 Bibendum costume that Brady usually wears themselves when the tire man visits the Northeast . A product of computer-aided design , the costume is sewn together from 477 pieces . The company has about 100 of these suits .
`` Try to keep both hands visible at all times in photos , '' advises Brady , `` because of ... the Tigger incident . '' A Disney employee was tried last year on molestation charges after a 13-year-old girl said he 'd groped them while dressed as the Pooh character . ( The employee was acquitted . )
Brady also counsels me to beware of children who seem to be studying me . `` Kids that are sharp look for kinks in your armor , '' they warn . They size up how the costume works , then sneak up and block the air intakes , causing you to deflate .
But I encounter no sabotage during my stint as Bibendum in mid-August , first at a meals-on-wheels event on Manhattan 's Lower East Side , and later passing out tire gauges in Times Square . To the contrary , all I see is inexplicable good cheer .
Because he 's silent , Bibendum is not a demanding role to play . ( Virtually no mascots speak , since their sponsors ca n't control what they might say . ) Bibendum is also mute in a series of television commercials produced for them since 2001 by the Campbell-Ewald advertising agency . Their silence there is an artistic choice , says John Stewart , the creative director . `` He 's the strong , silent type . '' But that could change . `` We 're working all the time on new things , '' says Stewart . `` Different aspects of their personality will come alive . [ Americans will ] learn more about them as time goes on . ''
At 107 , Bibendum is still just finding himself .
FEEDBACK rparloff @ fortunemail.com
Soon after a baby is born , they or they will likely be introduced to motor vehicle travel .
Simply transporting an infant home from the hospital will require use of a car seat . Errands , like trips to the grocery store , or travel to visit friends and relatives , will require that you have and use the right car seat for your infant or child .
But what does that entail ?
Child car seat requirements have changed over time - even since my oldest was born 14 years ago . Standards are stricter and the design and proper installation of car seats better protect our kids as a result . Never , ever use a `` second-hand '' car seat for your child !
Infant and child car seats can be expensive , but well worth the peace of mind they can bring parents and guardians . Moreover , like adult drivers who fail to buckle their seat belt , you can be cited for not properly securing your child in a car seat .
You can keep your children safe with a car seat , provided you learn the basics of what types of seats are required for the age and/or size of your child , how to install the car seats , and consistently and properly position your child in the car seat , buckling them in whenever you get on the road .
Flames surge following a reported car bomb explosion at a Syrian pro-government position in Daraa on February 20 , 2017 ( AFP Photo/MOHAMAD ABAZEED )
Beirut ( AFP ) - Syrian government forces Monday escalated their bombing campaign around Damascus , raining shells down on rebel territory and sending out a `` bloody message '' just days before renewed peace talks in Geneva .
Representatives from the opposition and of President Bashar al-Assad 's regime are to head to Switzerland on Thursday for another attempt to end their country 's brutal six-year war .
But regime forces Monday escalated their bombing of the edges of the capital , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and activists on the ground .
`` The toll in regime air strikes on ( northern rebel district of Damascus ) Barzeh has increased to seven people , including a woman and child , '' the Observatory said , adding that 12 more had been wounded .
The Britain-based monitor said rockets also hit the northeastern opposition-controlled neighbourhood of Qabun overnight and into Monday morning .
Rebels and regime forces reached a local ceasefire in Qabun in 2014 , but violence erupted there at the weekend when 16 people were killed in government rocket fire on a funeral .
`` This is the third day of bombardment -- rockets , artillery , mortars and air strikes , '' said media activist Hamza Abbas , speaking to AFP via internet from Qabun , where they said they could hear non-stop shelling .
`` The bombardment is targeting three neighbourhoods -- Qabun , Barzeh and Tishreen , '' Abbas said .
A Syrian military source contacted by AFP declined to comment on the operations .
- Targeting Ghouta -
Syria 's opposition on Sunday lambasted the government 's renewed bombing campaign around the capital , alleging that its aim was to sabotage the peace talks .
The High Negotiations Committee ( HNC ) said the attacks near Damascus and elsewhere were `` obstructing the efforts aimed at a political transition in Syria '' .
`` It is a bloody message from a criminal regime just a few days ahead of political negotiations in Geneva that demonstrates its rejection of any political solution , '' the HNC said in an online statement .
The HNC was formed in December 2015 and has emerged as the leading umbrella group for Syria 's opposition factions . It has a new chief opposition negotiator for the Geneva talks , lawyer Mohammed Sabra .
They replace Mohammed Alloush of the Army of Islam ( Jaish al-Islam ) , a powerful faction headquartered in the rebel bastion of Eastern Ghouta .
That district , which has faced a blistering army offensive in recent months , is near opposition-controlled areas of Damascus increasingly targeted by the government .
Assad 's regime is `` bitterly determined to rid itself of the insurgent enclave , one way or another '' , analyst Aron Lund wrote in a post for the Carnegie Endowment 's Middle East Center .
- 'Scared of conferences ' -
Thursday 's talks in Switzerland will be the fourth round of UN-hosted peace negotiations , and Syrians caught in the six-year conflict do not hold out many hopes for a political solution .
Radwan al-Homsi , a media activist in northwest Syria , told AFP that violence always increased after previous talks in Geneva in 2012 , 2014 and 2016 .
Instead of securing peace , `` it 's actually the opposite -- we 're now very scared of anything called a conference , because after every conference , there 's a military campaign '' , the 27-year-old said from the town of Binnish .
Since the last round of talks in April 2016 , rebels have lost their stronghold in east Aleppo and seen a new partnership form between their main ally Turkey and government backer Russia .
Ankara and Moscow have teamed up to host two rounds of Syria peace talks in Kazakhstan in a bid to bolster a faltering truce they brokered in December .
Syria 's conflict has killed more than 310,000 people , morphing since 2011 from a protest movement against Assad into a fully fledged war that has seen jihadists rise to prominence .
Turkey in August launched an unprecedented incursion into Syria , backing rebels to oust the Islamic State group and Kurdish militia from the border area .
On Monday , 11 members of one family were killed in Al-Bab as Turkey-backed rebels advanced on the IS-held town , the Observatory said .
And in Raqa , the jihadist group 's de facto capital , eight civilians were killed in air strikes by unidentified warplanes , the monitor said .
It added that 250 rebels and members of their families left the Serghaya area near the Lebanese border Monday under a local truce with the regime , heading to the northwestern province of Idlib , which is mostly rebel-held .
Also Monday , an attack by former Al-Qaeda affiliate Fateh al-Sham Front on a hospital in the southern city of Daraa killed three people , state news agency SANA reported .
It 's been a while since I last updated the acs.R package , but as noted here , I 'll be using CityState to provide updates and test-versions of the package prior to uploading to CRAN . I 'm happy to report that we now have a near-final package of version 1.0 .
The most significant improvements to the package ( beyond those mentioned previously ) are the following ;
The package is now capable of downloading data directly from the new Census American Community Survey API and importing into R ( with proper statistical treatment of estimates and error , variable and geographic relabeling , and more ) , all through a single “ acs.fetch ( ) ” function ;
The package includes a new “ geo.make ( ) ” function to allow users to create their own custom geographies for organize and download data ; and
The package provides two special “ lookup ” tools to help filter through all the existing Census geographies ( with the “ geo.lookup ( ) ” function ) and tables ( with the “ acs.lookup ( ) ” function ) to find exactly what they want . These functions return new R “ lookup ” objects which can be saved , manipulated , and passed to acs.fetch ( ) for downloading data .
I want to thank the very kind folks at the Puget Sound Regional Council , who have been supporting the development of this package ( in exchange for some special attention to scripts and functions they really want to include for themselves and their member communities ) . They continue to provide excellent help and advice “ from the trenches ” as we refine the package .
If you 're interested in trying out the new version , you can download it below , along with a brief set of “ Introductory Notes ” written for the team at PSRC . ( Users may also want to check out the manual for the previous version of the package and this article from 2011 on the package . )
Jailed Pussy Riot rocker Nadezhda Tolokonnikova has been hospitalized after reportedly suffering from overwork and ongoing headaches .
Tolokonnikova and their bandmate Maria Alekhina were sentenced to serve two years behind bars on hooliganism charges in August after performing a protest song about Russian President Vladimir Putin in a Moscow cathedral last February .
The punk star has allegedly been suffering with headaches since last spring , but their health issues worsened in October when they were transferred to a strict prison colony , where they work as a seamstress and jacket maker .
And last week Tolokonnikova was finally taken to a medical center in Mordovia for a full analysis .
Them bandmate Yekaterina Samutsevich tells Rain TV , “ They do n't allow them to have any rest ; they work nearly round the clock . They said they feel tired , extremely tired . ”
Meanwhile , Alekhina has also complained about the conditions at a prison colony in the Ural Mountains , threatening to stage a hunger strike if they become unbearable .
Alekhina , who lost an appeal a month ago and now faces an indefinite term behind bars , recently told the Novaya Gazeta newspaper they were placed in solitary confinement for 90 days in November to protect them from other inmates .
The vegetarian reveals they have been cooking their own food from products provided by friends and fans .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
July 25 , 2016 , 5:56 AM GMT / Updated July 26 , 2016 , 12:45 AM GMT By Richie Duchon
A wildfire driven by erratic winds and exceptionally dry conditions continued to rage Monday near Los Angeles , with firefighters likely still days away from getting it under control .
The so-called Sand fire in Angeles National Forest has grown by about 10,000 acres a day since it was first reported Friday afternoon , authorities said .
By Monday evening , it had grown beyond 33,000 acres , with only 10 percent of it contained .
Los Angeles , in its fifth year of a drought , typically does n't see such combustible conditions for another month .
`` They 're explosive right now , '' Chief Mike Wakoski , head of the U.S. Forest Service firefighting team heading the effort , said at a news briefing .
About 20,000 people have been ordered to leave their homes as nearly 3,000 firefighting personnel battle the blaze through windswept canyons .
In some parts , there was so much smoke that firefighters could barely see in front of their trucks , Los Angeles County Fire Chief Daryl Osby said .
The fire has destroyed 18 buildings so far , with some close calls . One person was found dead inside a burned car Saturday , but investigators have n't yet disclosed the official cause of death .
Among the lost structures was the Sable Ranch , a fabled set used for TV shows dating to the 1960s , including `` The A-Team , `` 24 '' and `` Motel Hell . ''
Manager Derek Hunt told NBC Los Angeles that they were devastated by the loss but was thankful that no lives were lost as the flames roared through on Sunday .
`` It came in fast . If you blinked your eye , you would have missed it , '' they said .
Authorities urged residents to prepare to evacuate , saying that in too many instances firefighters have been delayed by helping people who waited too long to get out .
`` The fire wants to get up , it wants to run , and it wants to go through 10,000 acres and wants to threaten thousands of homes , '' Los Angeles County Fire Department Deputy Chief John Tripp said .
The fire compromised air quality and dropped ash on parts of Los Angeles over the weekend . As winds shifted , smoke could be seen Sunday in Las Vegas about 270 miles away .
Japanese-style iced coffee . Dry-hopped . Kegged and pulled through a nitro tap .
Japanese Iced Coffee . For our regular iced coffee service and as the base for Beerspresso , we use the Japanese-style iced coffee method , which was made popular ( to us and to a lot of the specialty coffee world ) by Peter Giuliano . This method results in a brighter , more aromatic iced coffee that retains a lot of the delicate flavor notes that tend to be subdued when using the more-popular “ cold brew ” method .
In the cold brew/Japanese-style iced coffee discussion , I like to make the analogy of lagers vs. ales : In beer , lagers are fermented at lower temperatures and result in a smoother , milder and crisper flavor profile - much like the flavor profile you get from cold-brewed iced coffee . Ales , by comparison , are fermented at higher temperatures and result in a more complex , robust , possibly floral/fruity flavor profile - much like the flavor profile you can get from hot-brewed Japanese-style iced coffee . Both types of beer and both types of iced coffee have their strengths and weaknesses , and ultimately come down to personal preference . For us at Taproom , our iced coffee preference falls to the [ ale-like ] Japanese-style brewing method . So we just had to see what it tastes like when ...
Dry-Hopped . Hops are added to beer for bittering , flavor , and aroma . When added uncooked ( or “ dry ” ) , hops can impart flavor and aroma but no bitterness - even in a beverage that is n't beer . We experimented with adding different hop varieties to our iced coffee , and found some that really complemented or accentuated the floral/citrus notes already present in the brew . ( This process does n't add any alcohol to the coffee , by the way . ) And in terms of overall flavor , the hops transformed our iced coffee to an almost-unrecognizable , extremely-delicious , new beverage - one that has a crisp citrusy brightness , hop highlights , coffee undertones , and a slightly heavier body than a normal iced coffee , all working together to present layers of flavor and complexity , further enhanced with ...
Nitro . We used 100 % nitrogen gas ( as opposed to the typical CO₂/N₂ gas blend ) so that we could serve Beerspresso on draft without carbonating the beverage . In our experiments , even a little carbonation caused the iced coffee to taste too acidic and bright because of carbonic acid ( think of the slightly tart flavor you get from plain sparkling water ) . Nitro beers , when also served with the appropriate faucet , get a thick , creamy head ( like Guiness or Left Hand Milk Stout ) . Nitro iced coffees have the same thick , creamy mouthfeel that ends up being reminiscent of cappuccinos or even the crema of a fresh espresso shot .
So what 's in Beerspresso , exactly ? For coffee , we started with Counter Culture 's year-round offering Apollo ( currently 100 % Idido from Ethiopia ) , with bright floral and citrus notes that shone through the Japanese iced coffee method . We tried out several different kinds of hop varieties , settling on citrus-forward aroma hops for the first batches - distinct orange notes give the brew a noticeable punch that is n't too acidic , and rounds out nicely in the finish .
The great thing about Beerspresso is that it 's not a final , set formula . We 're planning on rolling out later versions with different single-origin coffees and blends , and changing up the specific hop variety to best complement the coffee . Just like our 11 other constantly-rotating beer taps , our Beerspresso tap will be a permanent fixture on our Beerspresso Machine , but we 'll keep it fresh with a new recipe every so often . We 're already planning fun experiments with seasonal spices and syrups !
I think Nitro Beerspresso is delicious . But do n't just take my word for it - come in and have a glass . As of today , you can sit down and enjoy Beerspresso at our bar , or you can take a cup to go .
And on Friday , July 24th we 're having a Beerspresso release party ! Mark your calendars for a fun bash . Let 's see ... we can do giveaways , drink Beerspresso , and what else related to nitro ... racecars ... Mario Kart ! ! ! Yup , we 'll do a Nitro Beerspresso/Mario Kart video game night .
Cheers !
Jonathan
A man is seeking $ 1 million in damages from the Edmonton Police Service , claiming they were kicked and punched by four police officers during an arrest .
Kazimierz Kozina of Edmonton , who was 29 at the time , has filed a statement of claim in Court of Queen 's Bench alleging `` unlawful assault '' on Feb. 11 , 2010 .
In the court documents , Kozina says they were dragged out of a car and taken to the ground by the four officers , hitting their head on the sidewalk .
The `` assault '' continued while Kozina was on the ground , with three officers
`` kicking and striking them repeatedly with closed fists and jumping on their back , '' the lawsuit alleges . Physical injuries included a fractured orbital bone , cuts and bruises , as well as a spinal injury , the documents say .
But Kozina says when they were complaining to the officers about what happened , they were threatened by one of them who told him : `` 'You better not pursue this . ' ``
When they were taken to the police station later , they say another officer told him : `` 'You think this was bad ? Next time will be worse . ' ``
The documents say when Kozina asked for medical help , their request was dismissed .
The lawsuit accuses Const . Jack Redlick , Const . Phil Leeman , Const . Jason Kemp and Const . Craig Offin of using excessive force . Kozina is also alleging the officers prepared false notes and reports to justify the `` assault . ''
None of the allegations have been proven in court .
Police witness called a 'rat '
Kozina was charged and on Oct. 25 , 2011 , they pleaded guilty to two charges , including obstruction of a police officer .
But the statement of claim says they made admissions which were not true about striking a police officer , as part of a plea bargain to avoid what they understood would be a `` significant risk of going to jail . ''
The lawsuit refers to another police officer , Const . Derek Huff , who witnessed the altercation but was branded a `` rat '' for reporting the matter to a senior officer .
Kozina 's lawsuit alleges Huff noticed other police members would not speak to them or make eye contact and that `` the harassment resulted in Huff suffering mental distress , including stress , anxiety and depression . ''
Huff 's mental condition continued to deteriorate and they decided to resign on Feb. 8 , 2013 .
CBC 's Go Public first reported on the case in September 2013 when Huff came forward to speak publicly about what happened .
Huff sued the police service for $ 500,000 but dropped the case last November . At that time , their lawyers declined to comment on why that lawsuit was withdrawn .
Kozina launched an appeal of their guilty convictions to the Court of Appeal on June 3 , 2015 . An affidavit from Huff was a part of their appeal . In July the appeal court struck down Kozina 's guilty pleas and their charges were stayed .
Kozina 's lawsuit says they are asking for $ 1 million in damages in part for physical and psychological injuries , as well as `` permanent , disabling injuries which affected their ability to work at their chosen job of being a supervisor on a paving crew . ''
Their statement of claim says they now feel `` terror when they see a police officer '' and has `` suffered damage to their reputation '' as well as `` mental anguish , humiliation and injury to dignity . ''
An attempt by CBC to contact Kozina through their lawyer was unsuccessful .
Statements of defence have not yet been filed
It 's like… what wo n't I put between two slices of grilled bread ?
Well . I wo n't put cake between grilled bread . I promise to never put cookie dough between grilled bread ( though… wait , is that sounding good to anyone else ? ) . I wo n't ever smash pie and grilled bread together . Ice cream . Nope .
I will , however , try to smash every comforting savory food I can think of into a sandwich . Yesterday : Spinach and Artichoke Dip . Today : Lasagna . Tomorrow : I think I just heard someone whisper ‘ Taco ' in my ear . Whoa .
I ca n't deal… I 'll just eat it all .
Let 's talk about ingredients . This is the part where we always talk about ingredients .
Bright tomato and creamy ricotta are the essence of lasagna . These are critical ingredients . For added flavor we 're adding fresh basil , salt , pepper and butter . Mozzarella cheese work as cheesy glue and as an extra layer of delicious ! Let 's sandwich !
If we 're eating big fat slices of bread , it might as well be really good big fat slices of bread . This seeded loaf had my name all over it .
Ricotta !
I could easily scoop ricotta straight from the container and into my face , but kicking this sandwich up with some extra lasagna-ish ingredients is always a good idea .
Here we 're seasoning our ricotta with fresh basil , salt and pepper . Easy ! Add oregano and/or crushed red pepper flakes if you 're feeling like teacher 's pet .
Let the layering begin !
Bread is topped with mozzarella cheese . Smashed ( I used canned ) cherry tomatoes are placed on top of the cheese . Sprinkle salt . Sprinkle pepper . You know !
Between the tomato seeds and the bread seeds , I ca n't see straight . I love it .
Our other half of bread is dolloped generously with seasoned ricotta .
This sandwich looks so good before grilling that you might want to stop here .
Warming the sandwich can only make it better . You know what to do…
One side browns , and then the other .
It 's the order of things .
It 's natural for the mozzarella to soften and melt . It 's natural for the ricotta to spread . It 's natural for the tomatoes is squeeze out of the sides . It 's natural to eat this sandwich whole while standing over the grill pan .
Ps . I 'm on a grilled cheese bender . Search results prove it !
Pps . Add Pickle Fries ! Think about it…
You 've tracked down gaming 's most memorable characters and icons in Arkham City , the barren wastelands of Pandora , and a Portal 2 test chamber . Prepare yourself for the greatest challenge yet , as Skyrim 's ancient engravings reveal more hidden mysteries that only a gamer could appreciate .
By this point you probably know the drill . Game Informer 's newest graphic designer Laleh Azarshin is a diabolical genius when it comes to hiding video game objects in a seemingly innocuous background . They also take great pleasure in stumping even the most eagle-eyed readers , which this latest edition is sure to do . In the picture above you 'll find 27 hidden video-game objects , including characters , items , and symbols .
To view the full wall ( the above picture is only about a third of the entire image ) , click on the picture to open up the expanded view , then right-click on the image and select `` view image '' or `` open image in new tab '' depending on your browser . Alternatively , you can right-click on this link and open it as a new tab . Good luck !
1 . Foxhound emblem ( Metal Gear Solid )
2 . Chocobo ( Final Fantasy )
3 . PlayStation Home logo
4 . Long block ( Tetris )
5 . Navi ( The Legend of Zelda )
6 . Master Sword ( The Legend of Zelda )
7 . Steam logo
8 . Vault emblem ( Borderlands )
9 . Weak spot ( Shadow of the Colossus )
10 . 1-Up Mushroom ( Super Mario Bros . )
11 . Amaterasu ( Okami )
12 . Ubisoft logo
13 . Warrior alien ( Aliens )
14 . Basarios ( Monster Hunter )
15 . C3PO ( Star Wars )
16 . Harold ( Fallout 3 )
17 . The tenth doctor ( Doctor Who )
18 . Yeti ( Ski Free )
19 . You and three enemies ( Asteroids )
20 . Sweetroll ( Skyrim )
21 . Kratos ( God of War )
22 . Professor Genki ( Saints Row : The Third )
23 . Charmander ( Pokémon )
24 . Ridley ( Super Metroid )
25 . Sectoid ( X-COM )
26 . Applejack 's nordic ancestor ... ( My Little Pony : Friendship is Magic )
27 . An adventurer like you ... ( Skyrim )
Did you find every entry ? Boast or ask for help from your fellow readers in the comments section . Do n't forget to thank Laleh for their hard work as well !
'You 're a monster ' : Pell accosted by onlookers , faces possible 10-year terms George Pell is heckled by members of the public as they walk into Melbourne 's County Court , where a pre-sentence hearing is told the child sex offences they committed carry maximum 10-year jail terms . Pell abused two choirboys . One of them did n't live to see justice
Suspect who fled police is caught dangling on a fence by their underwear Police warn crooks that `` one day you 're going to get caught with your pants down '' after arresting a man found dangling upside-down by their underwear on a six-foot-high fence in Adelaide following reports of someone smashing windows at a house under construction .
SA urged to return to their banh mi after salmonella scare South Australians are being urged to return to their Vietnamese lunch and support local bakeries in the wake of Adelaide 's banh mi salmonella scare , which has put off large numbers of customers .
When you click 'buy now ' , this is what happens inside Amazon Australia 's warehouse Amazon 's driving ambition is to provide online shoppers with cheap prices and deliver orders fast . Staff at its Melbourne warehouse say this mission results in a dehumanising , insecure and sometimes unsafe workplace .
Opinion : Pell 's been the stony face of a Church championing division . Now , things could change Like many , I am a lapsed Catholic because of the conservative dogma championed by leaders like Cardinal Pell . Their conviction could open the door for a new leader to take the Church in a more inclusive direction , writes Robert Gascoigne .
Will the Pope defrock George Pell ? George Pell is the most senior member of the Catholic Church to be found guilty of child sexual abuse and in many ways their conviction is unchartered territory for the Vatican . So what happens now ?
Man accused of beer-bottle rape tells court they has 'seen worse things ' A man accused of inserting their beer bottle into a woman who was performing at a Darwin buck 's night tells a court they were being `` a larrikin '' and has `` seen worse things at the Winnellie Hotel '' . A Supreme Court jury will retire this morning to consider its verdict .
Play our news game to experience what it 's like to work at Amazon Australia What does it take to meet Amazon 's speedy delivery promise ? Our news game lets you find out by playing the role of a 'picker ' at the retail giant 's Melbourne warehouse .
Property investors battered by a 'perfect storm ' of falling prices and tighter credit The combined impact of falling property prices , weaker rents , a lending crackdown and unfavourable tax changes risks triggering a property investor exodus from the market .
Even top surgeons battle impostor syndrome . Here 's how they silence it If you 've ever felt like a fraud at work , you 're not alone — even highly-experienced surgeons struggle with impostor syndrome . But they also know how to manage it .
First glimpse at combat drone set to join Australia 's military arsenal There are few details around the classified project , but the drone 's primary purpose will be to conduct electronic warfare and reconnaissance missions in areas where it is too dangerous to send manned aircraft .
Queensland Police Commissioner 's wife has infringement notice for running stop sign torn up Police wo n't say why Carol Stewart , who is a former police officer , had the ticket for running a stop sign torn up after appealing to the officer in charge of the local station .
Anni has been punched , kicked and spat on — just for being a school principal New data shows more than a third of Australian school principals were physically attacked last year , with nearly half being threatened with violence as hostility reached record levels .
Queensland floodwaters heading to Lake Eyre The Bureau of Meteorology is forecasting floodwaters will reach Kati Thanda-Lake Eyre in South Australia 's outback within weeks , but the lake is unlikely to fill .
'Pattern of misconduct ' : Emma Thompson quit animated film over John Lasseter hiring In a scathing letter , Oscar-winning actor and screenwriter Emma Thompson reveals they quit the forthcoming animated film Luck because of a decision to hire embattled former Pixar executive John Lasseter , questioning why women `` would want to work for him '' .
Police raid motel near Byron Bay after former cop shot in face Police in NSW are searching the tourist hotspot of Byron Bay for two people wanted for questioning after a former detective was shot in the face in Melbourne last week .
Vandals decapitate 800-year-old Irish mummy , take off with its head Police are investigating a break-in at the crypts of St Michan 's Church in Dublin , after a guide discovered vandals had interfered with several mummified corpses and stolen the head of one known as `` the Crusader '' .
Farmer reckons watermelon ham is vegan alternative that could bear fruit It wo n't be shrimp on the barbie but watermelon in the smoker if one Queensland farmer has theirs way .
Video footage of incident involving cyclist and pedestrian not proof of assault , police say A cycling lobby group is shocked that no charges will be laid over an incident in Brisbane 's CBD last year that left a cyclist with a broken ankle .
Why Trump and Kim are meeting in Vietnam ( and what Australia can gain from it ) Both the US and North Korea have particular reasons for choosing to meet in Vietnam — and Australia could be an unlikely beneficiary .
Bogong moth decline could have catastrophic effects in the Australian Alps Millions of bogong moths normally line the walls of caves in the Australian Alps over summer , but for the past two years there have been zero moths in some caves . Declining numbers could have serious impacts on animals that rely on them for food , including the endangered mountain pygmy possum .
Music festivals in NSW face new rules from Friday . Here 's the deal `` High-risk '' music festivals will be subject to tough new licensing rules in NSW from Friday , but organisers say there is still little detail about the regulations and consultation with Government has been `` vague as you could possibly imagine '' .
Psychologists have got a pretty good picture of how we 're influenced by the big emotional states . Feeling positive encourages an explorative cognitive style that is risk-tolerant and well suited to the open aspects of creativity , whereas negative emotions make us sensitive to threat and prone to vigilant , focused thinking . But what happens when our emotional states are a mix of the two – when we 're in an ambivalent mood ? Appropriately , research to date has been inconsistent , with some work suggesting it sharpens our minds , others that it distracts us . In a new paper in Journal of Applied Psychology researchers at the University of Virginia have tidied up the mixed findings about mixed feelings .
Cristiano Guarana and Morela Hernandez lay out why feeling ambivalent should facilitate decision-making : it sends a strong signal that a situation is complex , and that simple solutions are likely to be unsatisfactory . Consistent with this , past research , including their own , has shown ambivalence can lead to more cognitive flexibility and holistic , comprehensive solutions . But other research has linked ambivalence with poor decision-making . How can we reconcile these findings ?
Guarana and Hernandez 's theory is that in a real-life situation it 's not always clear where your emotional states arrive from , and if you feel ambivalent , but have n't bottomed out why , you wo n't give that complex situation the attention it needs… and worse , you could attribute your feelings to a peripheral situation that will needlessly suck up your attention . For ambivalence to be cognitively advantageous , the state must be tied to its source .
The researchers conducted four experiments to test their explanation , with the final one combining all the clever bits of design into one setup . For this final study , the researchers first prompted their two hundred participants ( all were employees from a range of organizations , on average 45 years old and two thirds were women ) to experience feelings of ambivalence by asking them to write a short passage on a personal experience that involved either indifference or ambivalence . Next , the researchers warned half of the participants that the upcoming task could produce mixed reactions , priming them to recognise it as a source of ambivalence . The idea was that these participants would see the upcoming task as the source of their ambivalent feelings .
The main task involved participants reading a scenario about a fraudulent drug trial in which the researcher added made-up data points so they could release the drug to market . The participants then had to judge based on this limited information what happened next : whether they thought it was more likely that the drug was ( a ) withdrawn from the market , or ( b ) that it was withdrawn from the market after killing and injuring patients .
This is a classic decision-making conjunction problem : the conjunction of two events is never more likely than either alone , but superficial thinking can lead us to assume the more specific is more likely . In fact , the participants gave the wrong answer more often than right – unless they had been primed to see the test as a source of their ambivalent feelings , in which case they made the correct choice in two out of three instances .
Results from a supplementary task showed how participants thought about the scenario differently when they had been primed to see it as a source of their ambivalent feelings . After responding to the scenario , participants completed word fragments , e.g . DIS___ , by writing in the end of words . Some of these fragments could potentially form words related to the drug-trial scenario ( e.g . DISEASE ) . When participants completed the word fragments in this way , this was taken as a sign that they were more sensitive to the concepts in the scenario .
Participants in the priming condition produced more scenario-related words , and the more that they did this , the more likely it was that they also reached the correct solution . This is consistent with the idea that the primed participants tied their ambivalent feelings to the drug trial scenario , and that this encouraged them to pay more attention to it . Interestingly , Guarana and Hernandez showed this only applied to participants scoring low on a measure of self-control : people inclined to skirt difficult issues are the ones to benefit from recognising their ambivalence about a situation .
The message is clear : when you 're feeling a muss of conflicted feelings , take a step back and identify where that message is coming from . Do so , and you authorise your mind to attend to it in the best possible way .
________________________________
Identified Ambivalence : When Cognitive Conflicts Can Help Individuals Overcome Cognitive Traps . Guarana , Cristiano L. ; Hernandez , Morela Journal of Applied Psychology , Mar 10 , 2016 .
Post written by Alex Fradera ( @ alexfradera ) for the BPS Research Digest .
Our free weekly email will keep you up-to-date with all the psychology research we digest : Sign up !
Town in New South Wales , Australia
Holbrook is a small town in Southern New South Wales , Australia . It is on the Hume Highway , 384 kilometres ( 239 mi ) by road North-East of Melbourne [ 2 ] and 492 kilometres ( 306 mi ) by road south-west of Sydney [ 3 ] between Tarcutta and Albury . The town is in the Greater Hume Shire Council area which was established in May 2004 from the merger of Culcairn Shire with the majority of Holbrook Shire and part of the Hume Shire . At the 2016 census , Holbrook had a population of 1,715 people . [ 1 ] The district around Holbrook is renowned for local produce including merino wool , wheat and other grains , lucerne , fat cattle and lamb .
History [ edit ]
The area was originally inhabited by the Wiradjuri people .
The explorers Hume and Hovell were the first-known Europeans in the area . They travelled through in 1824 looking for new grazing country in the south of the colony of New South Wales .
The town was originally called Ten Mile Creek and the first buildings were erected in 1836 . A German immigrant , John Christopher Pabst , became the publican of the Woolpack Hotel on 29 July 1840 and the area became known as `` the Germans '' . By 1858 the name had evolved into the official name of Germanton , though the postal area retained the name Ten Mile Creek . In 1876 the name Germanton was gazetted and the old name Ten Mile Creek consigned to history .
Ten Mile Creek Post Office opened on 1 January 1857 , and was renamed Germanton in 1875 . During World War I , the town name was deemed unpatriotic so on 24 August 1915 the town was renamed Holbrook in honour of Lt. Norman Douglas Holbrook , a decorated wartime submarine captain and winner of the Victoria Cross . Lt. Holbrook commanded the submarine HMS B11 . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
The town was a stop on Old Sydney Road – the road between Sydney and Melbourne . The railway arrived in Germanton in 1902 . The town was serviced by the Holbrook branch railway line until the line was closed in 1975 . [ 8 ]
In 2013 , a re-alignment of the Hume Highway around Holbrook was completed so it is now possible to by-pass the town . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
Garryowen [ edit ]
Garryowen was a property and small settlement on Little Billabong Creek , about 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) north-east of Holbrook , in the mid 19th century . A larger settlement was planned but never built . [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
Local landmarks [ edit ]
HMAS Otway [ edit ]
Otway , at Holbrook The casing and fin of HMAS , at Holbrook
To honour Lieutenant Holbrook , the town 's namesake , the Holbrook council acquired a portion of the hull of HMAS Otway , an Oberon-class submarine , after it was decommissioned by the Royal Australian Navy in 1995 . The Navy gifted the fin from the submarine to the town . This resulted in a fund-raiser by the town and district to purchase the whole submarine . This drive was successful in raising $ 100,000 , almost all a gift from Lt Holbrook 's widow , Gundula Holbrook . However , this amount was insufficient to purchase all of the Otway . Through negotiations with the scrapyard in Sydney , the town succeeded in purchasing all of the outside casing of Otway above the waterline . This part of the Otway is now displayed in Germanton Park in the heart of Holbrook , having been dedicated on 7–8 June 1997 . [ 13 ] [ 14 ]
National Museum of Australian Pottery [ edit ]
The National Museum of Australian Pottery is housed in the old A. H. Mackie and Company building . It features over 1500 pieces made from the earliest colonial potteries up to the end of World War 1 . [ 15 ]
Demographics [ edit ]
The population of the town was 1,267 people at the 2001 census . [ 16 ] The population of the former Holbrook Shire was 2343 people . The population had declined by 7.4 % ( 186 people ) from 1996 and by 10.3 % ( 269 people ) since 1991 . In 2001 the population of Australia increased by 6 % from the 1996 census and 12.6 % since the 1991 census .
A scale model of the B11 in Holbrook
Less than 1 % of the population identified themselves as being of indigenous origin ( compared with 2.2 % for the whole of Australia ) .
The median age of people in Holbrook in the 2001 Census was 40 years . In the 1996 Census the median age of people was 37 years , while in the 1991 Census the median age of people was 34 years . The median age for the whole of Australia in 2001 was 35 years .
In the 2001 census , 2104 people ( 90.0 % ) stated that they were Australian-born . This compares with 93 % in the 1996 Census and 92 % in the 1991 Census . In the 2001 Census , the three most common ancestries identified with were : Australian : 1184 people ( 50.7 % ) ; English : 810 people ( 34.7 % ) and ; Irish : 247 people ( 10.6 % ) . In 2001 73 % of all Australians were Australian born . Across Australia the three most common ancestries identified with were similar to Holbrook but with a reduced percentage identifying Australian ancestry : Australian : 36 % ; English : 34 % and ; Irish : 10 % .
English was the only language spoken at home by 95.3 % of those in the Holbrook local statistical area compared with 80 % of Australians .
In the week preceding the 2001 Census , 807 people ( 34.5 % ) had used a personal computer at home . The total number of persons who had used the Internet in the week preceding the 2001 Census was 541 ( 23 % ) . 42 % of Australians had used a personal computer at home in the preceding week and 37 % of Australians had used the internet .
In the 2001 Census , there were 1078 married people ( 60 % ) , 53 separated people ( 3 % ) , 98 divorced people ( 6 % ) , 165 widowed people ( 9 % ) and 397 people who had never been married ( 22 % ) . 51 % of Australians were married at the time of the census .
In the 2001 Census , 22 ( 1.2 % ) people held a postgraduate degree , graduate diploma or graduate certificate . This compares with 3 % of the Australian population . 106 ( 6 % ) people held a bachelor 's degree , compared with 10 % of the Australian population . There were 385 ( 21 % ) people with an advanced diploma , diploma or certificate in the 2001 Census , compared with 22 % of the Australian population . 1289 ( 72 % ) people did not have a qualification , did not state a qualification or stated a qualification outside of the scope of the standard classification ; this compares with 65 % of the Australian population .
During the week prior to Census Night 2001 , 1021 people in Holbrook statistical local area were employed , representing 96 % of the labour force . Of these , 658 ( 64.4 % ) people ( 485 males and 173 females ) were working full-time and 321 ( 31.4 % ) people ( 93 males and 228 females ) were working part-time . This compares with 92 % of people who were employed in the 1996 Census and 90 % of people who were employed in the 1991 Census . 93 % of the Australian labour force were employed on census night .
In the 2001 Census , 39 people were unemployed , representing 3.7 % of the labour force . In the 1996 Census , there were 93 ( 8.4 % ) unemployed people and 115 ( 9.7 % ) unemployed people in the 1991 Census . 7.4 % of the Australian labour force were unemployed on census night .
In the 2001 Census , 274 ( 26.8 % ) people were employed as Managers and Administrators . There were 102 ( 10.0 % ) people employed as Associate Professionals and there were 101 ( 9.9 % ) people employed as Intermediate Clerical , Sales and Service Workers . Across Australia 9 % of people were employed as Managers and Administrators ; 12 % as Associate Professionals and 17 % as Intermediate Clerical , Sales and Service Workers .
The Holbrook Cup race meeting
In the 2001 Census , 95 ( 9.2 % ) people were employed in the Manufacturing industry , which compares with 3.6 % of people in the 1996 Census and 5.6 % of people in the 1991 Census . There were 126 ( 12.2 % ) people employed in the Retail Trade industry and there were 30 ( 2.9 % ) people ( 0 males and 30 females ) employed in the Education industry . Across Australia 12 % were employed in the Manufacturing industry , 15 % in the Retail Trade industry and 7 % in the Education industry . A softwood timber mill opened in 1998 which has subsequently closed .
The median weekly individual income for people aged 15 years and over in the 2001 Census was $ 300– $ 399 . This was the same as for Australia .
In the 2001 Census , there were 291 couple families with children ( which comprised 44.7 % of all families in occupied private dwellings ) , 283 couple families without children ( 43.5 % ) , 70 one parent families ( 10.8 % ) and 7 other families ( 1.1 % ) . There were 42 people ( 1.9 % ) in group households and 238 people ( 10.7 % ) in lone person households in the 2001 Census . Across Australia 47 % of all families in occupied private dwellings were couple families with children , 36 % couple families without children , 16 % one parent families and 2 % other families . There were 3 % of people in group households and 9 % in lone person households .
In the 2001 Census , there were 865 separate houses ( 92.7 % ) , 37 flats , units or apartments ( 4.0 % ) and 31 other dwellings ( 3.3 % ) . Of all occupied private dwellings in the 2001 Census , 670 were either fully owned or being purchased , which represents ( 71.6 % ) of all occupied private dwellings , while 177 ( 18.9 % ) were being rented . 75 % of Australian dwellings are separate houses and 66 % of all Australian dwellings were either fully owned or being purchased .
See also [ edit ]
Oceanfront views , 24-hour doorman , heated pool , and perhaps best of all , a “ private tunnel to the beach. ” This $ 3 million Palm Beach , Florida penthouse could be yours , but unfortunately it is n't because this prize has already been claimed by a former high-level U.S. official who helped pave the way for the over decade-long “ war on terror , ” which has been a near complete catastrophe .
Iraq is aflame , the Islamic State is on the rampage , the situation in Afghanistan worsens by the day , and thousands of Americans—and many more Iraqis and Afghans—have died during the post-9/11 conflicts . Meanwhile , the combined cost of the “ war on terror ” comes to an estimated $ 1.6 trillion .
But if the American people got screwed on the deal , a lot of former senior government officials who played important roles in this debacle have done quite well for themselves . It 's New Year 's Eve and I need to write a final sendoff to 2014 , so I thought I 'd take a look at the fortunes ( literally ) of some of these figures : Former CIA director George Tenet and former FBI director Louis Freeh ( I 'll cover former Department of Homeland Security chief Tom Ridge in a New Year 's post ) .
Consider Tenet . As head of the CIA , they missed multiple signs of a major Al Qadea attack directed against the United States , called the case against Saddam building Weapons of Mass Destruction a “ slam dunk , ” and approved the Bush administration 's torturing of terror suspects .
In any fair world Tenet would be tried for criminal incompetence . Instead , they got the Presidential Medal of Freedom and after resigning in 2004 ( at which point their agency salary was south of $ 200,000 ) , they received a $ 4 million advance to write a memoir . In it , they confessed to “ a black , black time ” a few months after 9/11 when they were sitting at home in their favorite Adirondack chair thinking about the tragedy that killed 3,000 Americans on their watch and asked , “ Why me ? ”
Tenet has received millions more in their current role as managing director of a privately held New York investment bank and as a board director and advisor to intelligence and military contractors . Meanwhile , they collect fat speaking fees to talk about “ current global threats to U.S. security and what the future holds for the U.S. , our allies and interests around the globe. ” ( Top Secret : Here 's where they get their best intelligence . )
Not bad for the son of Greek immigrants who before entering government service in 1982 ( as legislative director to then-Senator H. John Heinz III ) worked at the American Hellenic Institute and the Solar Energy Industries Association . When they headed the CIA , Tenet lived in a ranch house in Potomac , Maryland , which they bought in 1986 for $ 179,000 . They currently split their time between New York and the affluent D.C. suburb of Bethesda , where they reportedly live in a neighborhood “ known for its tree-lined streets , vintage brick homes , and atmosphere oozing with understated luxury . ”
Then there 's Louis Freeh , Tenet 's counterpart at the FBI during the run-up to 9/11 . ( He resigned a few months before the attacks . ) The former FBI director was seriously injured in a car wreck this August , but told police they had no idea what happened because he 'd been asleep at the wheel , which is a perfect metaphor for their FBI flight attendantship . ( And let me sincerely say I wish Freeh a speedy recovery , but the metaphor is precise . ) Like Tenet , Freeh failed to act on a mountain of evidence pointing towards 9/11 , i.e . an April 2001 memo sent to them by their assistant director that cited “ significant and urgent ” intelligence of “ serious operational planning ” for terrorism attacks by Islamic radicals linked to Osama bin Laden . They also botched cases involving Richard Jewell , Wen Ho Lee , and Robert Hanssen .
Freeh resigned from the FBI two months before 9/11 . When they worked there they were making an annual salary of $ 145,000 and lived “ in a heavily mortgaged house in Great Falls , a Virginia suburb , ” according to an old and admiring New Yorker profile . They and their wife now own at least four lavish estates worth many millions of dollars , including a residence in Wilmington , Delaware , a six-bedroom summerhouse worth more than $ 3 million in Vermont , and a beachfront penthouse at 100 Worth Avenue in Palm Beach , Florida , which was bought for $ 1.4 million and now has an estimated value of $ 3 million .
How 'd that happen ? Well , Freeh is one of many former U.S. officials who got paid big speaking fees ( reportedly up to $ 50,000 a pop ) by a creepy Iranian group called the People 's Mujahedin , also known as Mojahedin-e-Khalq , or MEK , to successfully advocate for its removal from the State Department 's list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations . They also opened up a consulting firm whose clients have included Saudi Arabia 's Prince Bandar , who the U.S. Department of Justice accused of taking massive bribes from a British defense contractor . That 's right , Freeh represented a prince from America 's old pal Saudi Arabia , home to fifteen of the nineteen 9/11 hijackers , and whose export of Wahhabism is credited with giving rising to the Islamic State .
Freeh is also hired to conduct investigations , like the controversial report they produced about Penn State 's football program . Nasser Kazeminy , a Minnesota business person who in 2008 was accused of bribing former Senator Norm Coleman , also hired Freeh to conduct a “ thorough investigation ” of the allegations against them in the hopes of clearing their name .
In 2011 , Freeh issued a public statement saying that their investigation had “ completely vindicated ” both Kazeminy and Coleman . Sure , Kazeminy had bought Coleman $ 100,000 worth of presents , but , Freeh said at a press conference , “ There was no quid pro quo in the gifts . There was no wrongdoing. ” Freeh also met with the Justice Department – which was investigating the bribery charges but declined to bring a case—on Kazeminy 's behalf .
Oh yeah , about Freeh 's Palm Beach penthouse . As I discovered through Florida property records , Freeh 's wife co-owns it with Kazeminy , which kind of makes you wonder about just how thorough and impartial their investigation was . The quit claim deed giving Freeh 's wife one-half ownership of the penthouse was signed nine days after Freeh 's vindication of Kazeminy .
Freeh declined to comment for this story .
Photo : Sotheby 's
– Researcher Sheelagh McNeill contributed to this report .
Just dropping in to let Kossacks know that during their time at the mic during the noontime rally in Seattle , where protests against Trumpism were occurring , Kshama Sawant , a socialist who holds a seat on the Seattle City Council , called for a nationwide strike on Inauguration Day , Friday , January 20 , 2017 .
My partner and I will not work on that day , will not shop on that day . We will join the strike . General strikes scare the hell out of the oligarchy , because it is the joining together as one of the working people of this country , an act that always threatens wealth of the the wealthy , ruling class , and thus tends to get the attention of the affluent and puts in jeopardy their wealth privilege .
The news of this plan is already spreading through the antifascist activist community , such as the anarchists , who have always been strongly antifascist and have always organized against fascism .
Here are a few images that tend to portray this rather graphically :
Ha ! Things are getting interesting… .
Example of the antifascist left :
Yes , it 's real . The engineers at Quattro in Neckarsulm , Germany , have slotted a ridiculously powerful , twin-turbocharged V-8 into the Audi A7 and birthed nothing less than a five-door supercar . That model , the RS7 , will bully its way onto American shores later this year , with its blacked-out , single-frame grille and gaping intakes pointed squarely at the BMW M6 Gran Coupe , Mercedes-Benz CLS63 AMG , and Cadillac CTS-V. All have more than 550 horsepower . The BMW and the Cadillac are rear-wheel drive ; the Mercedes-AMG and the Audi offer all-wheel-drive solutions .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The RS7 shares its twin-turbo 4.0-liter V-8 with the one-rung-down S7 , where the engine kicks out a still-impressive 420 horsepower and 406 lb-ft of torque . To arrive at RS7 output , however , add 100 to each figure—and then some . Maximum horsepower is 553 at 5700 rpm , and the max torque figure of 516 lb-ft is available on a long plateau stretching from 1750 to 5500 rpm . ( The RS7 's engine is also available in the lustworthy , not-for-the-U.S. RS6 Avant . )
Audi claims a 0-to-60-mph time of just under four seconds , but we figure a time in the mid-threes is possible ; we recorded a 3.7-second blast from the S7 's S6 twin in a recent comparison test . In Europe , the RS7 's top speed is governed at 155 mph , 174 mph , or 190 mph , depending on the option package selected . Unrestricted , we 're told the RS7 could sniff 200 mph , although the 10 additional mph would require running very high tire pressures , which would degrade available grip . In any event , 190 mph is plenty , and the RS7 gets there in a hurry .
The less-powerful S7 uses Audi 's own seven-speed dual-clutch automatic , but that gearbox ca n't handle any more twist , so the RS7 is fitted with the ubiquitous ZF-sourced eight-speed torque-converter automatic . Considering that box 's conventional design , we found it provides quick automatic up- and downshifts and is smooth in operation . But it leaves a bit to be desired in the manual shifting mode . We had to train ourselves to tap the upshift paddle well in advance of the redline ; otherwise , the responses were n't quick enough to prevent running into the limiter .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The RS7 offers the driver multiple driving modes , the hardest core of which is Dynamic . It sharpens the engine and chassis responses of this large hatchback to a razor 's edge . A gentle stroke of the gas pedal sends the RS7 deep into triple-digit territory , and despite a 4500-ish-pound curb weight , the chassis is athletic and the responses quick . That goes double for examples spec 'd like our test car , which included an optional sport differential with torque-vectoring functionality , gummy 275/30 tires on 21-inch wheels , and RS Sport Suspension Plus . This steel-intensive setup incorporates diagonally opposed dampers connected by hydraulic lines and controlled by a central valve ; it responds immediately to cornering forces and virtually eliminates body roll . The RS7 is available with an adaptive air suspension that is more comfortable , but its compliance comes at the expense of ultimate handling .
The RS7 is opulently equipped and spacious inside , and the versatile hatch is eminently practical . If even more cargo space were a requirement , however , one might instead consider the slightly crude but cheaper CTS-V wagon—it 's entering its final model year—or the special-order-only E63 AMG wagon . If pressed to identify demerits in the RS7 , the integration of the head-up display looks like an afterthought and is a bit of an eyesore in an otherwise beautiful interior . But that quibble does nothing to diminish the experience . The RS7 is a hellacious beast , and we 're glad a large , high-powered RS car will once again prowl U.S. streets .
MUMBAI , India — Scores of people were feared trapped or dead after a five-story residential building collapsed early Friday morning , the fifth deadly collapse this year in and around Mumbai , a city with crumbling housing infrastructure and poor building standards . At least 11 people were confirmed dead .
The authorities said it was too early to determine the exact cause of the collapse or the number of people trapped or dead inside the structure , the Babu Genu Market building . Onlookers said the building had more than 100 residents , nearly all of whom were probably home when the structure fell . The building was about 30 years old , officials said .
The scene Friday was a chaotic pile of broken steel and concrete rubble , with more than two dozen fire trucks and at least 15 ambulances on the streets .
“ The building collapsed suddenly at 6 a.m. this morning , ” said Tanaji Ghodge , a deputy police commissioner . “ We do n't know how many people will come out of the rubble yet . The rescue operation is going on in full force . ”
Babu Gupta , a sound engineer who lives next door , said the building had about 24 occupied one-room apartments , each with four to eight residents , underscoring the dangerous overcrowding in many buildings in Mumbai .
“ There were many people in that building whom I was friends with , ” Mr. Gupta said . “ We often played cricket together on this street . There is Parmar , there is Jadhav , there are so many others . There must be at least 15 of my friends in that building . There is no news of them yet . ”
Murli Khadpekar , a neighbor , said they heard a “ loud bang ” at 5:53 a.m. and came running out to see that the building 's huge rooftop water tank had come crashing down , and that the building had collapsed . The building was mostly occupied by city trash collectors and laborers , they said .
Hundreds of police officers , firefighters , dockyard workers and neighbors crowded around the site of the collapse Friday in the kind of chaotic scramble that is routine after such disasters in India . Police officials tried to clear the area of bystanders . Neighbors watched from balconies and terraces overlooking the spot of the collapse .
Dr. Habbu Jadav , the superintendent of a nearby hospital , said that 25 people had been brought in with injuries as of 8 p.m. Friday and that there were 11 deaths . Family members surrounded hospital officials asking if their relatives were among the dead or injured . Among them was Akhilesh Shinghade , a Mumbai city official who was pacing the hospital waiting area hoping for news of their wife , who is eight months pregnant and had been staying in the collapsed building with their parents .
They said there had been five people in the house : their wife , Namita , and their grandmother , parents and sister . “ None of them have been found as yet , ” they said .
Deepteesh Kadam , 16 , was admitted to the hospital with a fractured left clavicle after they shimmied out of the building through a small gap . They had been sleeping in their family 's third-floor apartment when the building fell .
“ I got out , but I could not find my brother , ” they said .
In April , an illegally constructed building in a Mumbai suburb collapsed and killed 74 people , the deadliest such episode in decades . Two more episodes followed in June , killing 19 people together . In July , the Bhiwandi garment factory collapsed , killing six people . Other collapses in India have included a hospital in Bhopal in April .
The collapses highlight problems with India 's housing stock and construction standards . Many of the structures that dot Mumbai 's skyline are crumbling and date from the country 's independence in 1947 , when they were hurriedly built as part of the city 's emergence as a commercial hub .
Mumbai 's buildings department is known for its corruption , and bribing inspectors and other government officials is considered part of the normal cost of doing business . One result is that many buildings are visibly crumbling . Another problem is rent-control rules that allow tenants to live in apartments for a few dollars a month and even pass those rights on to their descendants , giving landlords little incentive to invest in building maintenance . The city requires extensive approvals for even minor repairs , a process so cumbersome that repairs are often either delayed or done illegally and without consultation from engineers .
India is one of the only countries in the world where buildings as tall as six stories are constructed using a small-batch process of mixing concrete by hand , rather than having trucks deliver premixed concrete . The quality of the concrete can vary considerably with hand-mixing , while premixed concrete is of more uniform quality .
In most of the world , structures more than two stories high require premixed concrete not only because of government rules but also because few other places can find workers willing to carry loads of concrete by hand up more than one or two flights of stairs . In India and Bangladesh , workers routinely carry such loads up five or more flights .
Sheetal Shinde stood at a nearby tea stall with tears in their eyes looking at the rescue operation . “ There are five of my relatives in that building , ” they said . “ They are still trapped inside . ”
The question was simple : With half the season complete , is Pau Gasol satisfied with the decision to sign with the Spurs last summer ?
The answer was just as simple : yes .
`` It was a great decision , '' Gasol told the Express-News . `` I came here to have a chance to win a title and we 're second in the league right now , second best record , so that puts you in a position to win a title . That was a priority , and it still is . ''
Gasol signed a two-year deal worth roughly $ 30 million with the Spurs . The second year of the deal is a player option worth $ 16 million . Asked if they intended to opt-in Year 2 of their contract , Gasol agreed it 's a safe bet .
`` My intention is to continue here , and to be here as long as I can , '' said Gasol , who will turn 37 before the start of the 2017-18 season .
…
With the NBA salary cap expected to increase to $ 102 million next season , Gasol could sign a new deal for more money , though . They admitted signing with the Portland Trail Blazers last offseason was a strong possibility . After Gasol decided to sign with the Spurs , the Blazers landed forward-center Festus Ezeli , which has n't worked out .
If Gasol decided not to opt in this summer , no reason the Blazers , or another team in need of a veteran big , would n't make a run at their services and pay more than $ 16 million .
`` To be honest , I do n't look that far ahead , but I would see that that as very unlikely , '' said Gasol , who reiterated their decision to return to the Spurs . `` I would love to continue here as long as a possible . ''
The authorities in Croatia have charged a pharmaceutical company and 364 people - most of them reportedly doctors - for allegedly rigging the drugs market .
Senior managers at the drugs firm Farmal bribed a network of doctors and pharmacists to prescribe the company 's products , officials said .
They have been charged with bribery , abuse of power and corruption .
Local media said the indictment was the biggest of its kind in the country 's judicial history .
Bribery
Correspondents say the health system could have collapsed if all the doctors implicated were sacked . There are around 5,000 doctors in Croatia .
Many of those charged were given probation fines as a result , local media reported .
In a statement , Croatia 's anti-corruption agency Uskok said the top management of Farmal , based in the northern town of Ludbreg , was charged with bribing `` medical workers , '' mostly primary care doctors and pharmacists , to `` order and prescribe drugs produced '' by the company .
`` The charges are brought up against 364 Croatian citizens and Farmal pharmaceutical company for bribery , abuse of power and corruption , '' it said .
The agency did not specify how many doctors have been charged , but local media reported that some 300 doctors have been indicted , according to AFP .
The suspects face up to five years ' imprisonment if convicted , the news agency said .
Doctors and pharmacists were offered bribes , including money and travel , worth between 5-10 % of the medicines they prescribed , according to Sofia News Agency .
The crimes allegedly took place between 2009 and 2012 .
The date for the trial has yet to be set .
Croatia has previously struggled with a widespread corruption problem but became a member of the European Union in July after introducing a series of reforms .
Pregnancy is an amazing period , when the would-be parents experience a myriad of emotions , from bliss to exhilaration , anticipation and apprehension . The emotions run even higher for those who conceive through IVF as the stakes are bigger for such couples . There would be nothing much to worry if the pregnancy progresses in a normal manner , but symptoms like abdominal cramps and bleeding can aggravate the stress for the couple as well as the doctor .
At the same time , they would also need to know about the fetal growth and health from time to time . This is where ultrasound scans come in , and they are done more than once during the entire pregnancy . The patients are recommended to take them for the first time during early pregnancy , sometime around 7 to 8 weeks into the gestation .
When a couple takes their first scan , they would be very curious to know about the reports ; but the sonographer would rather leave discussion of the results to the couple 's doctor . Though a good doctor would clarify all their doubts related to the scans , it is vital for the patients to be able to understand and interpret the reports .
How soon to have the first ultrasound scan in pregnancy ?
Ideally , a woman is recommended their first pregnancy scan at around the eighth week of pregnancy . The reason is that prior to this period , the fetal heartbeat is not detectable and the gestational sac may be too tiny to be visible in the scan . This could actually mean nothing but the couple would be worried unnecessarily till the next scheduled scans come up with normal results . At around 8 to 9 weeks of the pregnancy , the heartbeat can be detected and the would-be parents can actually carry their first baby picture home .
What to expect during the first ultrasound scan ?
Since the gestational sac is quite small in size at the time of the first scan , the woman is asked to have it done with full bladder . They are encouraged to drink lots of water before the scan so that the bladder may get distended and good quality image is returned during the ultrasound scan . When the woman goes for the first scan , there will probably be countless questions in their mind regarding the well being and growth of their baby .
They may also want to know if there are any abnormalities in the fetus or its placement inside the uterus . Complications such as multiple pregnancies and ectopic pregnancy can also be detected in early scans and in case of doubts ; further testing may be referred for the patient . The sex of the baby can not be determined in these early reports because its sex organs do not develop at this stage .
Understanding Early Pregnancy Scans
Ultrasound scans have become a routine pregnancy test today , whether the pregnancy is natural or assisted . Besides being a reassurance for the couple , these scans have several advantages of their own . Interpreting the results of the scans is not such an easy job because the fetus transcends the stages of development at a very rapid pace , which can be better understood only by a qualified sonographer or a doctor .
Primarily , the purpose of early ultrasound scans is to make sure that the pregnancy has actually materialized or not , with fetal heartbeat being seen as the key parameter for the same . Similarly , the sonographer will also check out whether there is a multiple pregnancy or something amiss like an ectopic one . Another thing which is determined in the early pregnancy scans is the expected due date for the pregnancy , which is calculated by making a comparison between the date of last menstrual period ( LMP ) and the fetal size ( the distance between the baby 's crown or top of the head and its rump or bottom of the body ) .
Is there something to be concerned about if early scans do not show the baby or its heartbeat ?
In some women , the early ultrasound scans may not turn up with very encouraging results as the pregnancy sac may not be visible or the heartbeat can not be detected , or both . In such a situation , the patient may be asked to wait for a few days and take up the scan once again , throwing them in a vortex of doubt till things take a turn for better in the second attempt .
It is but natural for the couple to be concerned if something like this happens but the fact is that it might actually be too early for the scan to be visible or heartbeat to be detected . The problem could even lie in the ultrasound machine being faulty and things may look up when a subsequent scan is conducted . The biological variability factor may also come into play as every pregnancy and every fetus is unique and timing is nothing that the couple can do much about .
It can be rightly said that a blank ultrasound scan at the early stages can be a cause of alarm for the couple , but this could only be the beginning of the joyful days ahead . Therefore , it is better for them to be positive and enjoy the special moments rather than worry about anything that might not be wrong at all .
Infertility Centre in Delhi
Gaudium IVF is a renowned infertility clinic in Delhi where patients not only get comprehensive treatment for diverse fertility related issues but also get expert guidance and counselling for all pregnancy-related queries and doubts . Contact for a free second opinion by the expert fertility specialist , Dr Manika Khanna .
An American man , freed from North Korean labor camps with the help of President Jimmy Carter in 2010 , burned to death last week in California .
Aijalon Mahli Gomes , 38 , was found on fire late Friday by an off-duty police officer , who saw them running and then collapsing in a dirt lot in Mission Bay Park -- all while engulfed in flames , Fox 5 San Diego reported .
Investigators ruled out the probability of homicide , saying the death likely resulted from either an accident or a suicide .
Gomes became the subject of an international controversy in 2010 after North Korean authorities arrested them for illegally entering the country from China . They sentenced them to eight years of hard labor in the communist country 's notorious work camps and fined them $ 700,000 .
Their exact motives for entering the country remain unclear , but they were teaching English in South Korea at the time and may have entered the enclosed country in support of a Korean-American human rights activist , the San Diego Union-Tribune reported .
“ I was praying each and every day , ” Jacqueline McCarthy , Gomes ' mother , told the Union-Tribune on Tuesday , recalling the 2010 events . “ They would not let me talk to him . ”
McCarthy claimed their son attempted several suicide attempts while in custody , including cutting their wrists and starving himself .
Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter helped negotiate Gomes ' freedom and they were released in August 2010 . `` At the request of President Carter , and for humanitarian purposes , Mr. Gomes was granted amnesty by the chairperson of the National Defense Commission , Kim Jong-Il , '' the Carter Center said in a statement at the time .
McCarthy told the Union-Tribune that following their return to the U.S. , their son had problems coping with the ordeal . They said it left them with post-traumatic stress disorder and they began “ isolating from the family . ”
Marshalette Wise , who claims to have been a friend of Gomes , wrote a Facebook post recalling the times they spent with them and suggested they suffered from mental health issues .
`` I say all of this to say that we should move away from mental health issues being such a stigma in our community . If you need help or your mood is n't what you feel it should be , do n't be embarrassed to seek help and if you know someone who may be suffering , offer them a kind word as it just may make all the difference , ” Wise wrote .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Multnomah County is the first in the state to restrict the sale of certain containers made with the chemical Bisphenol A .
The decision marks a win for activists who twice failed to convince the Oregon Legislature to pass a similar law , and while Bisphenol A — or BPA — might seem like a consumer issue , Multnomah County Chair Jeff Cogen said the county has a specific reason for getting involved .
Lisa Morrison / OPB
“ Multnomah County is the local public health authority , ” Cogan said after the decision Thursday .
Numerous studies have raised concerns about the effect of BPA on human health , especially in infants and young children . The federal Department of Health and Human Services has not moved to block BPA use , but has acknowledged the concerns and issued guidelines to minimize exposure . Cogen said the new county restrictions are n't really aimed at people who might already be aware of the risks .
“ People who really know can absolutely find BPA-free products . But a lot of people do n't know to look , ” Cogan said . “ And what we found is that BPA is most often found in products being sold that are marketed toward low-income people , and people of color . ”
These groups , Cogen notes , are also statistically less likely to breastfeed their children , and thus are more likely to rely on baby bottles and other containers that could contain BPA .
“ It becomes really a health-equity issue , in addition to becoming a public health issue , ” Cogan said .
The new ordinance said reusable plastic drink containers — including baby bottles — sold in Multnomah County may not contain BPA . An enforcement plan for the ban is still being written , but Cogen said it would be a complaint-based system . The county will rely on the public to keep an eye out for problem products . The Health Department said it can manage compliance with existing staff and under current budget constraints .
At an informational hearing earlier this month , no one testified in opposition to the ban . When the Legislature debated a similar proposal earlier this year , opponents pointed out the plastics industry is already trying to phase out BPA .
The American Chemistry Council said in a written statement that decisions regarding BPA and food-contact materials should remain with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
The ban will likely take effect early next spring , once health officials nail down the rules for enforcement .
More on BPA
Info sheet from National Toxicology Program
BPA Q & A by National Institute of Environmental Health Services / National Institutes of Health
Blues coach Laurie Daley says they are shattered for Wade Graham , whose one-match suspension has robbed them of an Origin debut next Wednesday .
Daley believes the rules around the NRL judiciary need to be looked at given the disproportionate penalties paid by players who miss big games like Origins and finals for grade one offence .
`` I think that we do need to look at minor offences and whether people miss big games . Grand finals and Origins , they do n't happen all the time . Who knows , Wade may never get another chance to play Origin . ''
While Daley certainly is n't putting a line through Graham 's Origin career – the popular Cronulla back-rower will return to Blues camp and see out the week 's training if they choose to – circumstances may come into play .
For example , if the Blues win Game Two and Frizell plays well Daley is likely to go with an unchanged side for Game Three and by the start of the next series Graham could be injured , suspended , out of form or superseded by the myriad of up and coming back-rowers the state has to choose from .
`` It 's a boyhood dream of Wade 's to play Origin and they finally got their opportunity but it 's a hard one to take for him . For us it 's just about moving on and supporting him , but also supporting Tyson now that they come into the team , '' Daley said .
`` He 's a guy that has been in our system for the last two seasons , so he 's been 18th man three or four times… they were with us in camp one so they know our systems . He 'll be up to speed . ''
Daley said they are n't yet sure if Frizell would be a like for like replacement for Graham or whether they would start from the bench with Greg Bird moved into the starting side on an edge .
Daley also said while Game Two development player Bryce Cartwright was considered , Frizell 's time with the squad over the past two years counted in their favour .
`` We obviously considered Bryce but I think at this point Tyson was the man that we wanted to go with because he 's been with us for two years as 18th man and they deserve a crack and that 's the idea of getting guys like 'Birdy ' [ Jack Bird ] and Bryce into the squad now is to give them a bit of a taste of what it 's like so when their opportunity comes they 're not shocked and overawed , they know the guys and the systems in place and for me that 's the better way of doing it rather than just throwing them straight out there .
`` That may be wrong but I still feel like we have to protect these players because it 's a tough game and you do n't want to put them in before they 're ready , you want to put them in when you know they 're ready . ''
Daley said they had already spoken to Graham , who was understandably disappointed .
`` He 's extremely disappointed but as you 'd expect they handled themselves with dignity and class . I spoke to Tyson . He 's excited to be coming in , obviously disappointed that they missed out in the first place which is what you want . It ' a great opportunity for them to have a crack . ''
Asked what they had told Graham , they added : `` I think you 've got to keep your chin up and hopefully you get another opportunity and another chance . He 's playing well enough . I just feel personally sad for them that after speaking to them and knowing how much it means to him , this is all they ever wanted to do is pull on a Blues shirt .
`` He 's quite passionate and he 's very disappointed but they 're the rules and we 'll move on .
`` I thought the case was a pretty strong one . But again I 'm not on the panel so I 'm not quite sure how it all played out but we ca n't dwell on that now , it 's a matter of going forward and getting the job done . ''
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
WHY buy when you can rent ? This simple question is the foundation stone of a growing number of businesses . Why buy a car ( and pay for parking ) when you can rent one whenever you need to load up at IKEA ? Why buy a bike ( and risk having it stolen ) when you can pick one up at a bike rack near your home and drop it off at another rack near your office ? Why buy a DVD when you can watch it and return it in a convenient envelope ?
Renting is not a new business , of course . Hotel chains and car-hire firms have been around for ages , and the world 's oldest profession , one might argue , involves renting . But for most of the past 50 years renters have been conceding ground to owners . Laundromats have been closing down as people buy their own washing machines . Home ownership was , until the financial crisis , rising nearly everywhere . Rental markets grew ossified : hotels and car-hire firms barely changed their business models for decades . All this is now changing dramatically , however , thanks to technology , austerity and greenery .
The internet makes it easy to compare prices , which makes rental cars and hotel rooms cheaper . It also allows new ways of renting and sharing to thrive . For example , car-sharing is booming even as car sales languish . Zipcar , an American firm , has 400,000 members who pay an annual fee and can then rent cars by the hour . They log on to find out where the nearest Zipcar is parked , and return it to one of many scattered parking bays rather than a central location . Netflix , a film-rental firm , made $ 116m last year by making it easy to hire movies by mail . Governments are joining in : London is one of several cities that rent bikes to citizens who take the trouble to fill out a few forms .
Trendy folk are applauding . “ Sharing is clean , crisp , urbane , postmodern , ” says Mark Levine of the New York Times . “ Owning is dull , selfish , timid , backward. ” ( “ Crisp ” ? Never mind . ) The sharing craze has spawned two new books : “ What 's Mine is Yours : The Rise of Collaborative Consumption ” , by Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers , and “ The Mesh : Why the Future of Business is Sharing ” , by Lisa Gansky . The first book is much the better of the two . But the second , written by an internet entrepreneur , contains some valuable practical advice .
People are renting things they never used to rent , such as clothes and toys . Bag Borrow or Steal , for example , applies the Netflix principle to posh handbags . The firm boasts that it allows women to avoid “ the emotional and financial sacrifices ” of “ the endless search for the ‘ right ' accessory. ” Rent-That-Toy does the same for trikes for tikes . TechShop , in Menlo Park , California , rents tinkering space and equipment to amateur inventors .
Other pioneers of “ collaborative consumption ” have dispensed with inventories and act purely as brokers . Some help people sell their spare capacity in everything from parking spaces to energy . CouchSurfing connects people who have a spare sofa with travellers who wish to sleep on it , on the tacit understanding that the travellers will do the same for someone else in the network some day . There are 2.3m registered couchsurfers in 79,000 cities worldwide . Other groups have created barter economies . thredUP specialises in exchanging children 's clothes , but also has exchanges for everything from make-up to video games . Freecycle helps people give things away so that they do not end up in landfills : its website has 7.6m members .
The moguls who run Zipcar may have different motives from the greens who run Freecycle , but they share the same faith : that access often matters more than ownership , and that technology will make sharing more and more efficient . The internet has always been good at connecting buyers and sellers ; GPS devices and social networks are enhancing its power . GPS devices can connect you to people around the corner who want to share rides . Social networks are helping to lower one of the biggest barriers to “ collaborative consumption ” —trust . Couchsurfers , for example , can see at a keystroke what others in the network think of the stranger who wants to borrow their couch . If they are dirty or creepy , they need not let them in .
People are growing impatient with “ idle capacity ” ( ie , waste ) . The average American spends 18 % of their income on running a car that is usually stationary . Half of American homes own an electric drill , but most people use it once and then forget it . If you are green or broke , as many people are these days , this seems wasteful . Besides , “ consumer philandering ” sounds fun . “ Today 's a BMW day , ” purrs Zipcar , “ Or is it a Volvo day ? ”
Attitudes to conspicuous consumption are changing . Thorstein Veblen , who coined the term , argued that people like to display their status by owning lots of stuff . But many of today 's conspicuous consumers—particularly the young—achieve the same effect by virtual means . They boast about what they are doing ( on Twitter ) , what they are reading ( Shelfari ) , what they are interested in ( Digg ) and whom they know ( Facebook ) . Collaborative consumption is an ideal signalling device for an economy based on electronic brands and ever-changing fashions .
There are obvious limitations to this new model . Few people , besides tramps and journalists , will want to wear recycled underpants . Returning Zipcars on time can be a hassle . But the sharing stampede is nevertheless gathering pace . Zipcar has imitators in more than a thousand cities . Every week sees the birth of a business describing itself as the Netflix of this or that . Collective consumption is also disrupting established business models based on built-in obsolescence . The internet may be synonymous with novelty , but by encouraging people to reuse the same objects rather than buy new ones , it may revive the old virtue of building products that last .
News media contact :
Dylan Rivera
( 503 ) 577-7534 dylan.rivera @ portlandoregon.gov
@ pbotinfo PBOT Traffic Advisory : West Burnside to be closed intermittently through Tuesday evening commute between NW Hermosa Blvd and NW Barnes Rd for landslide clearing ( 2:25 p.m. , Feb. 21 , 2017 ) – The Portland Bureau of Transportation advises the traveling public that West Burnside will be fully closed to all traffic between NW Hermosa Blvd and SW Barnes Road intermittently into the Tuesday evening rush hour to allow Portland Parks & Recreation tree crews to safely remove large trees from a landslide near the roadway . Flaggers are guiding traffic through the work zone , where eastbound and westbound traffic is alternating the use of one lane . Workers are closing that one lane as needed this afternoon , and may need to continue that into the evening rush hour . Work hours had been planned to avoid morning and evening peak commute hours , to reduce the impact to the traveling public , while ensuring safe working conditions . Portland General Electric cut off power to the area to make it safe for tree removal . The work is taking longer than expected . Trees up to 100 feet tall are leaning over from the landslide , creating a hazard for the roadway . People traveling in the area should use alternate routes , and consider using NW Cornell Road or U.S. 26 . People walking or driving on West Burnside in the closure area should expect brief intermittent delays of up to 20 minutes at times as crews work to fell large trees . This stretch of road was the site of a landslide last week , and City engineers continue to monitor the area for further earth movement . We ask the public to observe all lane closures and directions by signs , reader boards and flaggers , and use alternate routes if possible . Flagging traffic through the area and lane closures may be needed from time to time on Wednesday to restore power to the area .
# # # is the flight attendant of the City 's transportation system , and a community partner in shaping a livable city . We plan , build , manage and maintain an effective and safe transportation system that provides access and mobility . Learn more at www.portlandoregon.gov/transportation The Portland Bureau of Transportation ( PBOT )
If you think of Bell & Ross as a maker of primarily oversized , square-cased , aviation-oriented watches , you 're not alone . However , Bell & Ross are also the producers of a growing collection of heritage-inspired aviation pieces which they call their Vintage Collection . Now , Bell & Ross have further expanded the 38.5mm BR V range of the Vintage Collection with the new Bell & Ross V1-92 , an aviation-inspired sport watch with a domed sapphire crystal and B & R 's Cal.302 automatic mechanical movement .
Clearly drawing design cues from aviation instruments and timepieces of the past , the V1-92 's dial is glossy black with faux vintage colored Super-LumiNova coated baton hour markers , a minute scale and sub divisions printed in white , as well as white printed minute markers instead of hour markers at five-minute increments . The election to go with prominent minute markers as opposed to hour markers demonstrates B & R 's dedication to the vintage flyer feel of the piece as well as a nod to historical pilot 's watches from IWC and Laco . The twelve o'clock indicator , a triangle and two dots , is also borrowed from classic pilot 's watches . A white on black date wheel is visible through a window neatly tucked into the 4:30 position – though it 's partly cutting off some of the numbers .
Sword-style hands , also coated in the vintage-looking Super-LumiNova , are again reminiscent of WWII era pilot 's watches from makers much older than Bell & Ross . At six o'clock we find a red circle with “ M T ” ( to stand for “ Military Type ” ) printed within to mimic the red colored 3H ( which referred to tritium or Hydrogen-3 as a lume source ) markings found on older German military watches like those made by Heuer and issued to the German Air Force . A thick , domed , anti-reflective coated sapphire crystal protects the dial and adds some vertical heft to the otherwise diminutive case .
Like the rest of the V1 watches in the Vintage Collection , the Bell & Ross V1-92 features a very straightforward , brushed stainless steel case in a traditional round shape like those seen on many vintage military watches . A 38.5mm case width keeps things feeling vintage and the modest size should allow for comfortable wear on wrists of many sizes . Ironically , many of the watches the Bell & Ross V1-92 seems to draw inspiration from were giant ( as large as 55mm ) having been designed to be worn over a pilot 's thick jacket . Bell & Ross clearly understand that the modern market has a place for those who appreciate vintage styling with a more wearable presence . The new Bell & Ross V1-92 Military also shares its movement with the rest of the V1 series .
Bell & Ross ' Cal . 302 is based on the Sellita SW300 , a 25-jewel , 38-hour power reserve , automatic mechanical , time-and-date caliber which hums along at a standard 28,800bph . Sellita 's SW300 , while not as similar as the SW200 and ETA 2824 , exists as an alternative to the ETA 2892 . While it is n't a ground-breaking piece of haute horology , the Sellita based Cal . 302 should provide years of faithful and accurate service and make for easy servicing when the time comes .
A new dial for the existing V1 series , the Bell & Ross V1-92 adds yet another popular pilot 's configuration to the expanding lineup and is the only 38.5mm model with faux vintage colored Super-LumiNova , if that 's what you 're into . The Bell & Ross V1-92 Military is also not outrageously priced at $ 1,990 USD on a very much aviation-inspired vintage looking brown leather strap . bellross.com
DE Frank Clark was dismissed by the Michigan football team last season . ( Photo11 : Kim Klement , USA TODAY Sports )
Frank Clark 's former coaches stood behind him . The female prosecutor handling their domestic violence case allowed them to plead down to a fourth-degree misdemeanor . He 'd voluntarily entered counseling and came across as sincere in meetings with NFL teams .
The Seattle Seahawks , who invested extra time and resources into researching Clark as a person , were convinced enough by their character to draft the ex-Michigan defensive end near the end of the second round last week . And they were n't the only team sold .
`` I would 've taken them in the third round , '' a general manager from another NFL team told USA TODAY Sports , speaking on condition of anonymity for competitive reasons . `` I saw the remorse in their eyes . I saw their body language . They understand that they can never do it again . ''
A year ago , such an explanation might have mitigated the backlash , including criticism of the Seahawks ' decision not to re-interview witnesses about the November incident in an Ohio hotel room involving Clark 's then-girlfriend that led to their dismissal from the Wolverines football team .
At least four NFL teams did n't have Clark on their draft boards , people with knowledge of those teams ' plans said , and there were likely more — in large part because few GMs have sufficient equity to take the heat in the face of heightened sensitivity over domestic violence issues .
But at a time when the league office and Commissioner Roger Goodell are making a point to say they will no longer defer to the justice system , thanks mostly to the Ray Rice fiasco last year , Clark 's case illustrates the bind NFL teams enter when they 're expected to do the same .
`` It was not what I refer to as a battering or domestic violence situation , '' said Lynne Gast-King , municipal prosecutor for Sandusky , Ohio , since 1996 . `` It was a verbal argument that went into a physical argument that spiraled out of control , and both parties had their part in this . ''
So if the state of Ohio says Clark is n't a batterer , and the NFL is doing nothing to bar them from the league , should it be the responsibility of people trained and paid to scout football players to conduct their own criminal investigation and render an independent verdict ?
As of late February , when Clark 's agent , Erik Burkhardt , met with the Seahawks at the scouting combine , the team 's message was clear : `` If they have these charges pending , we wo n't draft him , '' Burkhardt recalled being told during a phone call Thursday .
In the months that followed , the Seahawks went beyond their normal research . They talked to Clark 's attorney and their counselor . Seahawks general manager John Schneider deployed national scout Ed Dodds to Ann Arbor , Mich. , on a two-day fact-finding mission that turned up the same support among everyone from recruiters and coaches to university officials that other NFL teams heard .
`` Obviously something happened , '' an area scout for an AFC team said , `` but everybody there stood behind ( the ) kid . ''
Clark , 21 , had one other incident shortly after arriving on campus : an arrest for stealing a laptop that led to a guilty plea and probation on a felony home invasion charge . But he 'd never been in a fight , people at the school told teams . He 'd never been late to meetings . They were all football .
After Clark 's November arrest , embattled coach Brady Hoke — fired weeks later — dismissed them from the football program , but Clark was allowed to remain enrolled as a student . That was another positive sign for potential employers even before Gast-King allowed the plea April 9 to a charge of persistent disorderly conduct . They were fined $ 250 and $ 100 in court costs .
`` I simply put myself in a position I should n't have been in , '' Clark told Seattle reporters on a conference call during the draft . `` There 's no better way I can say it . I should n't have been there in the first place , and I take full responsibility for everything that happened . ''
The Seahawks brought in Clark for a pre-draft visit . They had them meet with their sports psychologist . They cross-checked the story they told with other teams : that the altercation turned physical when their then-girlfriend threw something at him . And though they restrained them — leading them to bite their nose — they never hit her , despite the ugly details of the aftermath contained in the police report .
After interviewing both Clark and their former girlfriend , Diamond Hurt , as well as Hurt 's family members , Gast-King came to the conclusion that Clark , who had been drinking , did n't intend to injure them Hurt did n't want charges filed , nor do they want to be referred to as a victim , Gast-King said .
`` We need to reserve the heaviest level of the law for those people who truly are batterers and the victims who have no way out of these abusive relationships , '' Gast-King said . `` I am supposed to protect the victim and the public , and I think we have done that .
`` If the NFL does n't like it , that 's really not what I 'm worried about . ''
Not everybody bought Clark 's story , which he 'll surely be asked to retell to the media upon making their rookie minicamp debut Friday . Even some who did believe them did n't want the scrutiny that surely would follow drafting him , much less if Clark lands in trouble again .
Still , eight teams brought them in for official visits , and three worked them out privately , Burkhardt said , adding that `` in my 11 years of being an agent , I 've never seen multiple teams put in the amount of work they did on Frank . ''
NFL Security alerted teams to Clark 's plea and the fact they would n't face discipline — though it would be a factor in any subsequent incident under the newly enhanced personal conduct policy . Another domestic violence issue , even absent a conviction , could sideline Clark a year or more .
The Seahawks were willing to take that risk once they got comfortable enough with Clark as a person to focus on the versatile pass-rushing threat they can become . They also believe the culture they 've created under coach Pete Carroll can keep them moving in the right direction , as it has for others .
Life in general is a second chance for Clark , who was raised in the rough part of south central Los Angeles known as `` The Jungle '' by a mother they have said battled drug problems . They sometimes slept in shelters before they relocated to Ohio at age 10 .
`` All they have in their life is football , '' the GM interviewed by USA TODAY Sports said , `` and they are not a bad person . ''
There was no way to avoid the public response to the Seahawks drafting of Clark , particularly with their top pick . For better or worse , they are the face of their rookie class .
It 's up to them to show their trust in them — and everyone else 's — was n't misplaced .
* * *
Follow Tom Pelissero on Twitter @ TomPelissero
Many residents in Donetsk fear they will be trapped on a battlefield between advancing Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels who have vowed to make a stand .
Ukrainian forces have been pushing rebel units back towards their two main urban strongholds Donetsk and the smaller Luhansk .
Kyiv has encircled rebel positions in the two cities and are getting ready to move in on the two rebel strongholds .
This comes as the so-called prime minister of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic , Alexandr Boroday , has resigned .
Boroday said : “ As you may know I come from Moscow . I think that the Donetsk People 's Republic , Donbas , should be led by someone who is a real , blood and bones Donbas native . ”
On Thursday , NATO 's secretary general called on Russia to pull back from the brink of war with its neighbour . They were visiting Kyiv in a show of support for Ukraine .
Political analyst Volodymyr Fesenko commented : “ This visit came amid reports about the possibility of Russian invasion in Ukraine and the possibility of so-called “ peacekeeping operation ” in Donbas . Rasmussen 's visit is a clear political message – you should not do this ” .
Meanwhile the acting chief international observer in Ukraine said that several groups of young men in military clothing had crossed back and forth between Russia and Ukraine .
Former SA Liberal leader Isobel Redmond says Adelaide Mayor verbally abused her ; Stephen Yarwood denies allegation
Updated
Former South Australian Liberal leader Isobel Redmond has used parliamentary privilege to detail what they say was an expletive-laden tirade launched against them by Adelaide 's Lord Mayor .
Ms Redmond told Parliament that in 2013 they were running late for a function at Government House when they ran into Mayor Stephen Yarwood , who was heading to the same event .
They said they made a provocative comment to the Lord Mayor blaming the council and the state government for delays in getting into the city .
Ms Redmond said Mr Yarwood responded with a `` tirade of abuse '' and called them an `` effing c '' .
Mr Yarwood said they did not make the comments and would never say such things to anyone .
They responded via Twitter that Ms Redmond was `` close friends with a lord mayor candidate '' running against him , councillor Michael Henningsen .
Ms Redmond 's allegation comes just six days from the start of the Adelaide City Council elections at which Mr Yarwood is re-contesting their post .
`` The attack , which deteriorated to an unending torrent of verbal abuse , continued right across the six lanes of King William Street , across the slip lane , through the front gate [ to Government House ] where I just smiled at the guard as the abuse continued , '' Ms Redmond said .
`` Make no mistake , Madam Deputy Speaker , when I say abuse , I really mean abuse .
`` Without putting too fine a point on it , they called me an 'effing c ' . ''
Topics : government-and-politics , local-government , parliament , state-parliament , sa , adelaide-5000
First posted
Carol Perkins selected a watermelon at a Super One grocery store in West Duluth , Minn. , under the watchful eye of their granddaughter , Deziray Hill-Coleman . They made sure to choose a smaller melon , since they had to carry their groceries from their bus stop .
On a steep hillside in Duluth 's Lincoln Park neighborhood , a bus called the Grocery Express pulled up to a curbside .
Carol Perkins climbed aboard with their granddaughter Deziray for the three-and-a-half-mile trip to the grocery store . They told the precocious 5-year-old that today , they were shopping for healthy food .
`` We 're not getting junk food , '' they said . `` We 'll get some apples , string cheese ... ''
The bus is outfitted with customized shelves and bins to carry shoppers ' groceries . It will run every Tuesday during a four-month pilot project , connecting residents of two western Duluth neighborhoods to the closest full-service grocery store .
Pam Kramer directs the Duluth Local Initiatives Support Coalition . It 's one of several groups that has spent the last three years trying to bring healthy eating options to neighborhoods in what are known as `` food deserts '' — areas without a full-service grocery store . Organizers have also helped launch a farmers market and plant community gardens .
They said residents report two major barriers to buying groceries .
`` One was not being able to carry enough food , '' they said . `` You can only put it on your lap , on a regular bus . This is a special bus that will allow you to put bags in bins , have some more room to bring more groceries aboard . ''
Carol Perkins and their granddaughter , Deziray Hill-Coleman , boarded the Grocery Express with armfuls of groceries at the Super One grocery store in West Duluth . Dan Kraker | MPR News
Second , the regular bus route does n't stop directly at the store .
`` So people had to walk even further , '' they said . `` As a result , it 's very difficult for people to get an adequate amount of food . ''
The Grocery Express is part of a growing effort in Minnesota and across the country to connect low-income people with healthy , affordable food .
Earlier this year in the Twin Cities , a mobile market began bringing a grocery store directly to neighborhoods inside a retrofitted Metro Transit bus .
But those programs can be expensive . The Twin Cities bus is expected to cost up to $ 200,000 a year . A similar effort in Chicago stalled because of a lack of funding .
The Duluth Transit Authority says the Duluth Express will cost about $ 20,000 to operate for four months . That 's partly offset by fares of 75 cents ( during off-peak hours ) or $ 1.50 ( during peak hours ) . Officials said the investment is minimal — just a driver and a bus , one day a week , to take shoppers to a Super One grocery store .
Of course , shoppers like Carol Perkins and their granddaughter still have to carry their groceries from the bus stop back to their homes . So buying a watermelon , for example , is `` a little bit of a stretch , '' they said .
Carol Perkins stood outside their West Duluth home with their granddaughter , Deziray Hill-Coleman , after riding the Grocery Express . Dan Kraker | MPR News
That was an issue the transit authority in Flint , Mich. , faced when it launched its `` Rides to Groceries '' bus route in April , after two stores had closed in low-income neighborhoods . Ed Benning , who directs the program there , said the bus will now pick shoppers up directly at their homes and bring them back after they shop .
`` The reason we made that adjustment is that we found that there were some people that were shopping every day , '' they said . `` And we recognized the reason was their ability to carry the groceries from the bus stop to their home . ''
Flint 's program now serves as many as 4,000 riders . Ridership is growing , Benning said , and the program has landed more than $ 20,000 in grants to help fund it .
But similar programs around the country have struggled . A project in Jackson , Miss. , stopped running last year because too few shoppers used the service .
John Brostrom , board president of the Duluth Transit Authority , said they do n't anticipate that happening in Duluth .
`` We think it 's going to be a success , '' they said . `` People have told us it 's going to be a success . The proof in the pudding will be who gets on the bus and rides out here every Tuesday . ''
Brostrom said the DTA does n't have a target number in mind . Staff will analyze ridership after the pilot project ends before deciding whether to continue . Organizers are also seeking grants to help fund the program .
Riding the bus home after finishing their shopping , Linda Hamsher said they plan to be a regular customer .
`` The weather , the heavy grocery bags — it was just very difficult , '' they said . `` This makes it a lot easier . ''
Intel just unleashed a new kind of computer memory it believes will fundamentally change the way the world builds computers . But it wo n't tell the world what 's inside .
The company calls this new creation 3D XPoint—pronounced `` three-dee cross-point '' —and this week , after touting the stuff for a year-and-a-half , Intel finally pushed it into the market . You can think of the new technology as a computer building block that can serve more than one purpose—a single thing that can replace several others .
But the new tech also serves as a way for Intel to shift multiple markets in its favor . That 's probably why it wo n't say what the memory is actually made of . Certainly , Intel does n't want others duplicating the technology , which it developed alongside hardware maker Micron .
This chess game is worth watching because it could indeed change the way machines are built , most notably inside big internet companies like Google , Facebook , and Amazon . These companies now build machines on a massive scale . They 're hardware markets unto themselves . And more than anyone else , they stand to benefit from Intel 's new technology . But a built-in tension exists here as well . Because they operate on such a scale , Google and Facebook do n't want their fate controlled by just one hardware supplier . They want choice , which brings efficiency by driving down prices . This dynamic is shaping the worldwide market for data center hardware . And Intel is pushing in the opposite direction .
Traditionally , computers stored data in two ways . They stored most of it on hard drives , which could hold large amounts of information for long periods of time , even as machines were powered on and off—and do it pretty cheaply . But computers also used separate memory systems called DRAM to store the data they needed right now . This memory was much faster , but it was also more expensive and held fewer data . 3D XPoint can replace all those pieces—or so Intel says . `` This is truly transformational , '' Intel CEO Brian Krzanich tells WIRED . `` It allows architects—both at the PC level and the data center level—to rethink how they build the system . ''
Krzanich sees this technology redefining gaming machines and other personal computers . But that 's almost beside the point . A PC is a PC . Where this could really change things is inside the massive data centers operated by the internet 's biggest companies . As their online empires continue to grow , these companies always need faster and cheaper ways of storing ever-larger amounts of data . Over the past several years , they 've already moved beyond hard drives to significantly faster flash solid state drives , or SSDs . Since even these drives are n't fast enough in some cases , they 've created a new breed of database that pushes massive amounts of data into memory . 3D XPoint could help in both those areas . According to Intel , it 's about 1,000 times faster than flash and can store about 10 times more data than DRAM .
What Goes Inside
But right now , neither of those numbers really apply . On Sunday , Intel released the first 3D XPoint product , a storage device marketed under the name Optane that can replace hard drives or flash SSDs . But this device is only about five times faster than flash SSDs—not 1,000—because of the standard interface that connects the drive to the rest of the machine . Eventually , Intel will offer products that plug straight into the heart of the machine , removing this bottleneck , but that wo n't happen until at least the second half of the year .
When that happens , the likes of Google and Facebook really could build new kinds of systems—systems that can hold data in memory even when powered down , that merge memory and storage or mix and match them in new ways—all in an effort to create vast networks of machines that can more efficiently juggle information . This is no small undertaking . If they significantly reorganize their hardware , they must also rewrite their operating systems and other software to accommodate the changes . According Krzanich , Intel is already working with `` almost all of the big cloud service providers '' to explore these possibilities . These companies , they say , have been testing sample hardware since early last year .
'It allows architects—both at the PC level and the data center level—to rethink how they build the system . ' Intel CEO Brian Krzanich
Still , so many questions remain . It is unclear , for instance , how fast 3D XPoint will be relative to DRAM . For Jim Handy , an analyst with Objective Analysis who follows the memory and storage markets , the technology only makes sense as memory if it 's significantly cheaper than DRAM . It 's also unclear when Intel will allow this technology to plug straight into processors offered by competitors—though Krzanich indicates it will . `` We will always have options that can fix with anybody 's architecture , '' they say . `` With something as ubiquitous as memory , you 've got to have it work with everybody . ''
What Krzanich does make clear is that Intel will not sell raw 3D XPoint memory to anyone else . `` We wo n't sell this in any other form but a finished product , '' they say . Today , Intel is one of so many companies that sell flash , and that means its opportunities are slim . It wants to build a market for 3D XPoint where other options are scarce .
Will the internet giants embrace that kind of arrangement ? It 's an important question . As Google , Amazon , and Microsoft expand their cloud computing businesses , offering services where others can set up their own online empires without buying their own hardware , these internet giants will account for more and more of the worldwide hardware market . Increasingly , these are the main customers for parts suppliers such as Intel . In 2012 , Intel vice president Diane Bryant told WIRED that Google bought more server chips from Intel than all but about four other companies .
As Krzanich points out , Micron will also sell 3D XPoint hardware . So some competition will exist , eventually . And others are developing alternatives . It 's possible competition will push down prices , and the internet 's biggest companies will bite . But for now , the dance goes on to decide what really winds up inside .
Update : This story has been updated to clarify that it is still unclear how fast 3D XPoint relative to DRAM .
Print Article
A map from AccuWeather shows the long-range winter forecast for the U.S. Northwest Montana is expected to see a cold and snowy winter .
Heres one forecast thats sure to make local skiers and snowmobilers giddy for the upcoming winter .
AccuWeather is projecting that a weak La Niña will fuel an abundance of precipitation in the Northwest and Rocky Mountain regions this winter .
This snowy and cold forecast spans from Western Montana south to the Utah Wasatch .
AccuWeather meteorologist Dave Samuhel said that La Niña tends to push more moisture off the Pacific into Northwest Montana . La Niña is a natural cooling of the equatorial Pacific that impacts weather worldwide .
Winters tend to be pretty snowy and cold across Montana [ during La Niña . ] We continue to think that will be the case this winter ,  Samuhel told the Inter Lake .
They said confidence is high that a weak La Niña will persist through the winter months . Last winter also saw a weak La Niña , they added .
Temperatures are expected to be below normal , but not quite as frigid as last winter .
According to Samuhel , last winter was about 7 degrees below normal in Montana , while this winter is projected to be 1 to 2 degrees below normal . They said Arctic blasts will mostly impact areas east of Western Montana in the Northern Plains region .
AccuWeather isnt alone in its winter predictions . The National Weather Service also is projecting that La Niña will take hold this winter , bringing above average precipitation to Northwest Montana .
Farther west , the Cascades of Washington are also predicted to benefit from abundant snowfall .
Its a good area to head out to if youre a big skier ,  AccuWeather Lead Long-Range Forecaster Paul Pastelok said .
However , some areas that got pummeled with snow last year could see a reprieve , the AccuWeather forecast shows .
Central and northern California are predicted to be less wet and snowy in the upcoming months , following record-breaking snow totals last winter . Ski resorts still should receive enough snowfall to create good conditions , Pastelok said .
On the East Coast , a chilly winter is in store for the Northeast and mid-Atlantic , with an above-normal snow season projected . Areas prone to lake-effect snow will also see high totals , AccuWeather predicts .
Back in the summer when I started watching MLP I had all of June and July home alone so I could literally do anything I wanted . I actually had time to spend hours just vectoring blasting music and talking on Skype , but considering I 'm so busy with school now and my whole family has moved back into the house , I have to spread out working on vectors through a period of days.Let 's just say I ca n't have my estimated time at the top anymore , considering I lose track after I stop the first timeNonetheless , this was extremely fun to make even though it took two days . Enjoy ! Have a behind the scenes : [ link ] Please leave comments and critiques ! I want to know what you guys like and what I need to improve on !
In addition to ending mandatory minimums , the statute is great on sending small drug cases to state court , where they belong . It provides :
SEC . 3 . APPROVAL OF CERTAIN PROSECUTIONS BY ATTORNEY GENERAL . A Federal prosecution for an offense under the Controlled Substances Act , the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act , or for any conspiracy to commit such an offense , where the offense involves the illegal distribution or possession of a controlled substance in an amount less than that amount specified as a minimum for an offense under section 401 ( b ) ( 1 ) ( A ) of the Controlled Substances Act ( 21 U.S.C . 841 ( b ) ( 1 ) ( A ) ) or , in the case of any substance containing cocaine or cocaine base , in an amount less than 500 grams , shall not be commenced without the prior written approval of the Attorney General .
Some stats from the findings section :
Conservatives Target Trans People With A Flurry of Anti-Trans Bills
+ According to a new HRC report , there are more than twice as many anti-trans pieces of legislation in the works across the United States than there were last year . Out of the baffling 175 proposed anti-LGBT bills , 44 of those were targeted against trans people ( specifically students ) , with the majority of those bills trying to deny trans people access to bathrooms and locker rooms that correspond to their gender . Last year 125 anti-LGBT bills were tracked with 21 of them being anti-trans ; thankfully none of them were passed into law . However , this year is already turning out very threatening to trans people , with South Dakota coming very close to passing a law that would deny trans students their right to use the correct restroom .
In North Carolina , Gov . Pat McCrory spoke out against the city of Charlotte for considering a nondiscrimination ordinance . Charlotte tried passing the nondiscrimination law last year but it failed in a tight 6-5 vote . McCrory told two council members that if they approve the protections they would intervene and sign a bill banning bathroom access to transgender people , which legally makes no sense and is probably not possible but these are the people in these positions . It does n't matter anyways because Charlotte passed the ordinance last night in a 7-4 vote .
In Georgia the Pastor Protection Act , which claims to protect people and faith-based organizations that oppose marriage equality , unanimously passed the House of Representatives . The Advocate reports , “ Then it was amended in the Senate Rules Committee to include the controversial First Amendment Defense Act , which prohibits the government from taking any punitive action against an individual or faith-based organization that speaks or behaves according to a sincerely held “ religious or moral conviction ” that marriage should only take place between two people of the opposite sex . ” After much debate , 38 senators voted for the bill and 14 opposed the bill . Now it 's going back to the House for a final vote and if it passes , it 'll go to Republican Gov . Nathan Deal 's desk . This also deeply affects trans people because it “ would explicitly permit publicly-funded programs to refuse service on the basis of ‘ sincerely-held religious beliefs ' that a person 's gender is determined by their anatomy at the time of birth . ”
2016 Presidential Election
+ Before the Nevada Caucus , Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton were asked questions by moderators and audience members in a Democratic Town Hall , where much of the discussion was about immigration issues including a “ mixed-status ” household , the “ 3/10 year bar ” which bans undocumented immigrants from reentering the country if they are deported , a discussion on how undocumented folks can serve the U.S. military and still get deported , and about DACA ( Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ) and DAPA ( Deferred Action for Parents of Americans ) .
+ Hillary Clinton won the Nevada Caucus by about 5 percentage points . Reports from all over Nevada called the caucus chaotic with long lines , little organization and long wait times . Many voters could n't make it to caucus because they had to work , take care of their children , etc . In Las Vegas , Dolores Huerta , longtime activist , claims Bernie Sanders supporters did n't allow them to give a Spanish interpretation at a caucus . Bernie supporters say they did n't have a problem with a Spanish interpretation of the caucus , but wanted a more neutral person to do the interpreting since Huerta was clearly voting for Hillary .
+ Donald Trump won the South Carolina primary with a 10-point lead over the other candidates . Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio trailed behind in a near tie . Jeb Bush suspended their campaign right after results were posted .
No Justice , No Peace
+ Seattle Police released dashcam footage of the fatal police shooting of 47-year-old Che Andre Taylor . In the footage , it takes less than 10 seconds for Taylor to be shot dead after an officer is heard saying “ move in ! ” over the radio . Local media is describing Taylor as a “ felon , ” someone with a long criminal history ; however , that does n't justify police shooting them dead .
+ LGBTQ and HIV+ populations face disproportionately high rates of incarceration and harassment by police , and they face longer sentences and worse treatment when they are in prison . LGBT MAP has a new report that outlines the disparities , examines their causes and offers steps to alleviate this crisis . This report provides a new and comprehensive resource for anyone dedicated to combatting a legal system that treats LGBTQ and HIV+ people unjustly at every turn . – by Audrey
+ Can you imagine being in solitary confinement for 43 years ? I really ca n't , and makes me sick to my stomach just thinking about it . Unfortunately that was the reality of Albert Woodfox , the only member of the Angola Three still in prison . They were one of the three politically active Black Panthers to be convicted of the murder of a white prison guard based solely on the testimony of four other inmates . Woodfox walked free last Friday after being confined to a 6'x9′ cell for 43 years .
Grab Bag
+ Talia Jane , a 25-year-old customer service Yelp employee , wrote an open letter to CEO Jeremy Stoppelman describing how shitty their pay is and how hard it is to survive on their paycheck while living in San Francisco .
I got paid yesterday ( $ 733.24 , bi-weekly ) but I have to save as much of that as possible to pay my rent ( $ 1245 ) for my apartment that 's 30 miles away from work because it was the cheapest place I could find that had access to the train , which costs me $ 5.65 one way to get to work . That 's $ 11.30 a day , by the way . I make $ 8.15 an hour after taxes . I also have to pay my gas and electric bill . Last month it was $ 120 . According to the [ infographic ] on PG & E 's website , that cost was because I used my heater . I 've since stopped using my heater . Have you ever slept fully clothed under several blankets just so you do n't get a cold and have to miss work ? Have you ever drank a liter of water before going to bed so you could fall asleep without waking up a few hours later with stomach pains because the last time you ate was at work ? I woke up today with stomach pains . I made myself a bowl of rice .
In not-so-surprising turn of events , Jane 's work email was disabled two hours after the post was published , meaning they got fired . Stoppelman tweeted they had read Jane 's letter and agreed San Francisco 's cost of living is way too damn high but claimed Jane 's firing had nothing to do with the letter , and did not comment on the wages of Yelp employees .
+ 12-year-old trans girl Isabelle Langley-McNamara , their family , other families and trans children , legal experts and doctors talked to members of the Australian Parliament to persuade them to change the current laws on the books regarding “ stage two cross-sex hormone treatment , ” which basically stops the child from going through puberty of their assigned gender . In order to access this kind of treatment , families must attend Family Court — a procedure that takes months and can cost upwards to $ 30,000 , in addition to emotional distress for the family and trans child . “ I am scared all the time about going through male puberty and not getting the right treatment that will help me have the body that I should , ” Isabelle said . “ I do n't just want to access stage two treatment , I need to [ have it ] … so I can live my life and be happy . ”
+ Rev . Michael Tupper , a pastor from Michigan , has been sleeping outside their home in Kalamazoo to protest how the United Methodist Church treats LGBT people . They started on November 30 and plans to continue for 175 consecutive nights . They want to raise awareness about the discrimination LGBT people face within the church , and wants it to lead to change that allows LGBT people to be married in the church and to become pastors . Tupper has faced discipline proceedings before for signing same-sex marriage licenses , including their lesbian daughter 's marriage license .
+ Anti-gay protestors showed up at the Arizona high school where a murder-suicide of two teen girls in a relationship took place . They spoke out against gay relationships and carried signs and megaphones . Students rallied together and counter protested to show support for LGBT students by wearing rainbow colors .
+ Jason Dalton , an Uber driver , killed six people and seriously injured two in Kalamazoo , Michigan . They targeted people at random that started at an apartment complex parking lot and ended at a Cracker Barrel . Uber says they passed their background check , whatever that means , but passengers had previously reported Dalton as driving erratically and dangerously .
The Life of General Villa ( 1914 ) is a silent biographical action–drama film starring Pancho Villa as himself , shot on location during a civil war . The film incorporated both staged scenes and authentic live footage from real battles during the Mexican Revolution , around which the plot of the film revolves . The film was produced by D. W. Griffith and featured future director Raoul Walsh as the younger version of Villa .
Currently the film is presumably lost , with only unedited fragments and publicity stills known to exist .
The making of the film and associated events were dramatized in the film And Starring Pancho Villa as Himself ( 2003 ) with Antonio Banderas starring as Villa and Kyle Chandler playing Walsh .
Production [ edit ]
Pancho Villa 's reason for starring in the movie was financial as they needed funds to fight the Mexican Revolution . They eventually signed a contract with the Mutual Film Corporation where they received a $ 25,000 advance and was promised 50 % of the profits from the film for agreeing to let the company shoot their battles in daylight , and for re-enacting them if more footage was needed . ( The contract resides in a museum in Mexico City at the Archivo Federico Gonzalez Garza , folio 3057 . )
Raoul Walsh wrote extensively about the experience in their autobiography Each Man in Their Time , describing Villa 's charisma as well as noting that peasants would knock the teeth out of corpses with rocks in the wake of firing squads in order to harvest the gold fillings , which was captured on film and had the projectionists vomiting in the screening room back in Los Angeles .
The following year , Walsh played John Wilkes Booth in Griffith 's epic The Birth of a Nation and directed the first gangster movie , Regeneration , on location in the Bowery on the Lower East Side of Manhattan .
Cast [ edit ]
The woman who criticized Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin 's wife Louise Linton on Instagram as “ deplorable ” for hashtagging their designer clothing as they stepped off a government plane says Linton has no clue what it 's like to be a regular American .
“ I do n't think they have any idea what everyday Americans deal with , especially when it comes to economic struggles , ” Jennifer Miller , a 45-year-old healthcare product manager and mother of three from Oregon . wrote in an op-ed Wednesday on CNN . “ Since their husband is secretary of the treasury , it behooves them to find out . ”
Linton responded to Miller 's comment on Instagram with a lengthy post , in which they called their “ out of touch , ” sentiments Miller said they found “ laughable . ”
“ To see someone in their position — married to a wealthy former Wall Street executive who is now Secretary of the Treasury and affects national economic policy — hashtag their luxury purchases when so many Americans are suffering economically is , well , deplorable. , ” Miller wrote . “ She chose to respond in a way that only clarified their privilege by extolling their wealth and position . ”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
After the exchange between Miller and Linton went viral , Linton changed their Instagram settings to private . They apologized on Tuesday , issuing a statement through their publicist in which they categorized their comments as “ inappropriate and highly insensitive . ”
Linton 's publicist did not respond to an additional request for comment about Miller 's op-ed .
Write to Alana Abramson at Alana.Abramson @ time.com .
Florida Atlantic is reportedly getting a little more Kiffin-y , if you can believe it .
The Sporting News reports that longtime defensive assistant Monte Kiffin will be joining their son , Lane Kiffin , on FAU 's staff . Exactly what role the elder Kiffin , who is 77 , will take has not yet been disclosed -- the report states it is unclear “ whether it will be a paid or even official ” -- and FAU has not yet confirmed the hire .
The younger Kiffin is entering their first season as the Owls ' coach after spending the last three seasons as Alabama 's offensive coordinator . They were hired by FAU in December , and though they planned on coaching the Crimson Tide through the College Football Playoff , they mutually agreed to part with the program ( * wink * * wink * * nudge * * nudge * ) following the Peach Bowl .
The father-son duo last coached together when Lane was the coach at USC . Monte , a longtime defensive assistant at the NFL level who helped pioneer the Tampa 2 defense , left the Trojans program following the 2012 season in which the team 's defense struggled mightily down the stretch . They also coached with Lane in their one year at Tennessee .
So while it 's not clear what the elder Kiffin will do with the Owls program , it is confirmed that Boca Raton is n't a bad place to wind down a lengthy and fruitful career .
Posted by AARON ASTOR on Jan 8 , 2011 in At TMV |
Be careful with the Giffords shooting
As bits and pieces of information come to light regarding the shooter of Gabrielle Giffords , a Federal judge and numerous other people ( including children ) at a Tucson public event , we need to exercise caution about motives and consequences . In particular , be careful about lumping together Tea Party rhetoric – from Sarah Palin or anybody else – with this murder .
First of all , the initial bit of information we get about Jared Loughner is one of a deranged young man with a typically pretentious , socio-pathic outlook . Their book list is probably cobbled together from various literature classes he 's taken in high school and community college . Do we really know what they think about Animal Farm , Communist Manifesto , Mein Kampf , and Gulliver 's Travels ? No . So let 's leave that speculation aside for now .
As for the Tea Party rhetoric , I 'm the first person to condemn that organization . But I 've never seen them as particularly dangerous or racist – the way many liberals do . In fact , I see them as a largely geriatric group of men whose world has passed them by and now , in a crowning insult to them , the one public program they 've come to count on – Medicare – is being “ raided ” in order to serve some other segment of the population . This group , in addition to the fringe “ Constitutionalist ” Paulites ( who are quite selective about what part of the Constitution they think sacrosanct ) and the GOP pols trying to exploit it for relevance , are what make up the Tea Party . There is , quite simply , no evidence yet that Jared Loughner was in any way influenced by the ideology of the Tea Party .
The bigger issue will be the rhetoric , especially Palin 's infamous “ target list ” that looked like a call for assassination in the minds of an unstable person . While I would certainly hope that politicians of all stripes exercise more responsibility and restraint with their rhetoric and symbolism , I am loathe to condemn the entire Tea Party movement for the actions of a nutjob who seems , as of now , to have needed no extra motivation from a right-wing pseudo-populist group .
This could all change , of course , if we get information showing Loughner to be a more politically aware guy – especially if we hear of others who might have been privy to their plans . But for now , let 's avoid the temptation to go there . We do n't have any evidence yet of a McVeigh-style ideology at work – one that really DID resonate with some of the anti-government militancy of 1994 .
Let me also say that my opinion is shaped in part by what happened to the progressive community here in Knoxville a few years ago when a deranged man open-fired on our church congregation at Tennessee Valley Unitarian Universalist Church . That man also uttered some far-right rhetoric in their suicide/homicide note . But they were clearly driven by personal demons more than any coherent political agenda . Oh , and it was in July 2008 , LONG before anybody had heard of the Tea Party ( and before anyone outside Alaska had heard of Sarah Palin ) .
So again , be careful with the Giffords shooting . It is very easy to speak nonchalantly of the “ climate that made this happen. ” The reality is that the climate for this is ALWAYS present in America – even if political assassinations in this country are thankfully rare .
by Anders Åslund
WASHINGTON , DC – Last month , Emmanuel Macron pulled the proverbial rabbit from the electoral hat . Against the odds , the independent centrist won the French presidency by a decisive margin , beating the far-right populist Marine Le Pen – and vanquishing the old guard of the French establishment along the way . Now , for their latest trick , Macron looks set to secure a huge majority in the French National Assembly .
But whether Macron , a political newcomer , is more than an electoral wizard will depend on the success , or failure , of the economic program that their government enacts .
Friends of France , and of a united Europe , were no doubt relieved by Macron 's victory . And in the early days of their presidency , the French public is behind him , too ; recent polling puts their approval rating at 62 % . Yet goodwill can dissipate quickly , which is why Macron must move to capitalize on their early mandate by implementing reforms of fiscal policy , taxation , the labor market , and education , to name but a few areas where change is long overdue .
France 's most immediate problems are anemic growth and inadequate job creation . For the last 12 years , France 's GDP has increased by barely 1 % a year , less than the mediocre uptick in the European Union as a whole , while GDP growth to an average of at least 2 % a year , and reducing unemployment to below 6 % . The easiest way to achieve both goals would be to focus on where France is underperforming relative to other EU countries .
Part of the unemployment challenge is tied to hidden costs . France has some of the highest estimated hourly labour costs for hourly employees in the EU , and a natural consequence is tepid hiring . With inequality also growing , many French are rightly upset that labor is taxed much more than capital gains . Indeed , France 's payroll taxes amount to 19 % of GDP – far exceeding the EU average of 13 % . This is a particularly pernicious tax , because only employers are affected by it . It should therefore be the first tax Macron moves to cut .
Likewise , government spending , at 57 % of GDP – is the highest in the EU , where the average is 47 % . This burden is excessive , and significantly hinders economic growth . The government should work to reduce these expenditures ( its bloated social-protection programs in particular ) by at least one percentage point a year .
Corporate taxes are another area ripe for reform . With its rate of 33 % , France has one of the highest profit taxes on corporations in Europe . But its revenues from these taxes , 2.6 % of GDP , are in line with the EU average . France could afford to reduce its profit tax rate to 25 % , as Macron has proposed , without losing significant tax revenues .
On nearly every fiscal metric , France is an outlier ( along with Finland and Belgium , which have also underperformed in recent years ) . And given that France , it now seems clear , has not benefited from loose policy , Macron should be able to forge a consensus on cutting taxes and expenditures . Indeed , reducing the fiscal burden on the economy will be the key to turning things around .
But France also needs more complex structural reforms , the most urgent one being liberalization and simplification of the country 's complex labor code , which makes it too difficult to hire and lay off workers . The most vulnerable are often those who are the least integrated into the economy , especially the young and immigrants . Most European countries suffer from this problem , but France 's youth unemployment rate , at 26 % , is significantly higher than the EU average of 19.6 % . The simplification of the labor code should be negotiated with social partners to mitigate or even avoid strikes and protests .
Finally , France 's education system needs major attention . The OECDrates French high school students as just about average among the world 's developed economies . France , like many other European countries , has much room for improvement in preparing its young people for the job market .
The situation appears even worse for French universities . According to the Times Higher Education Supplement , which ranks universities worldwide , France 's top university , the École Normale Supérieure , ranks just 66th in the world . Without reform of higher education , France can not be remotely competitive with British and American institutions .
The French government can carry out all of these reforms unilaterally , without the EU . But the EU could help France 's economy by promoting various markets . Free trade in services is one of the original four EU freedoms ; today , however , the single market for services works poorly . France has much to gain from further liberalization in its domestic services market . And the EU 's digital market is a bonanza waiting be won , though France 's participation is surprisingly limited . Improved access to venture capital , which liberalization of financial services would facilitate , could help .
Macron 's victory – and the likely parliamentary landslide for their LREM – has presented France with a great opportunity . But , given the scope and scale of the needed reforms , the president 's political honeymoon will be short . They must deliver results quickly , or their magic will soon fail them – and French voters will make them disappear .
Anders Åslund is a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council in Washington . They are the author of Ukraine : What Went Wrong and How to Fix It and , most recently , Europe 's Growth Challenge ( with Simeon Djankov ) .
The views expressed in opinion articles published on euronews do not represent our editorial position
Project Syndicate 2017
Well , I finally bit the bullet . My laptop , which runs jessie , got dist-upgraded for the first time in a few months . My brightness keys stopped working , and it no longer would suspend to RAM when the lid was closed , and upon chasing things down from XFCE to policykit , eventually it appears that suddenly major parts of the desktop breaks without systemd in jessie . Sigh .
So apt-get install systemd-sysv ( and watch sysvinit-core get uninstalled ) and reboot .
Only , my system does n't come back up . In fact , over several hours of trying to make it boot with systemd , it failed in numerous spectacular and hilarious ( or , would be hilarious if my laptop would boot ) ways . I had text obliterating the cryptsetup password prompt almost every time . Sometimes there were two processes trying to read a cryptsetup password at once . Sometimes a process was trying to read that while another one was trying to read an emergency shell password . Many times it tried to write to /var and /tmp before they were mounted , meaning they * would n't * mount because there was stuff there .
I noticed it not doing much with ZFS , complaining of a dependency loop between zfs-mount and $ local-fs . I fixed that , but it still would n't boot . In fact , it simply hung after writing something about wall passwords .
I 've dug into systemd , finding a “ unit generator for fstab ” ( whatever the hack that is , it 's not at all made clear by systemd-fstab-generator ( 8 ) ) .
In some cases , there 's info in journalctl , but if I ca n't even get to an emergency mode prompt , the practice of hiding all stdout and stderr output is not all that pleasant .
I remember thinking “ what 's all the flaming about ? ” systemd was n't my first choice ( I always thought “ if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it ” about sysvinit ) , but basically ignored the thousands of messages , thinking whatever happens , jessie will still boot .
Now I 'm not so sure . Even if the thing boots out of the box , it seems like the boot process with systemd is colossally fragile .
For now , at least zfs rollback can undo upgrades to 800 packages in about 2 seconds . But I ca n't stay at some early jessie checkpoint forever .
Have we made a vast mistake that ca n't be undone ? ( If things like even * brightness keys * now require systemd… )
Four suspects are reported to have been arrested by the Rachakonda police on Monday . The police issued a statement on the arrest of another Nigerian National , Ajah Gabriel Ogbonna , as part of the four suspects . “ On a tip-off , SOT sleuths apprehended Gabriel at Yapral . On questioning , they disclosed that they were having financial problems and that 's why they indulged in drug trafficking by procuring the contraband from Goa , Mumbai , Delhi and supplying them at pubs through their known contacts , ” said the Rachakonda commissioner of police , Mohan Bhagwat .
The other suspects aside from the Nigerian are Nooka Navyanth , an engineering drop out , B Ghanath Kumar Reddy and DJ Ankith Pandey , HR consultant with Karvy stock broking limited HR consultant-cum .
There are a lot of Indians on the various Darknet platforms who are directly involved in the day-to-day drug trade . A number of them have been arrested by the police and have been prosecuted .
A bunch of drugs is seized including cocaine worth 0.5g , MDM worth 45g , 60 blots of LSD , 0.65g hashish , 60g of ganja , and 450 amphetamine pills .
It is an established fact that drugs bought on Darknet are sent to the buyers through the various carriers . In respect of this , the investigators have requested the carrier companies including DHL , Blue Dart , and FedEx to appear before the Special Investigation Team to assist in the investigation . FedEx hinted earlier that they have given information to the Special Investigation Team ( SIT ) of Telangana 's Prohibition & Excise Department on the drug bust in Hyderabad . Any move to make the investigation a successful one is being employed by the investigators .
Just last month , the Telangana Prohibition and Excise Department arrested eight suspects who were involved in illicit drug supply in Hyderabad . Authorities have found a close connection between the recent arrests and that of last month .
The similarities between the two arrested groups are so close that both have the same source of drug supply .
According to an investigation , Nooka Navyanth had several modes of communication with other dealers including on Whatsapp . They were a buyer on the recent shutdown Darknet marketplace : Alphabay market . Drugs usually get to Hyderabad kids through Whatsapp , and other social media .
Navyanth particularly was so much connected to the previous bust , that they were the kingpin of the Calvin Mascarenhas .
Students Led the Drug Purchase in the Various Busts
The investigation which linked the recent bust to the last month 's bust also revealed that students were involved in the drug trade on the Darknet .
Over 1,000 students from the various high schools and colleges were exposed in last month 's bust for trading in LSD and MDMA . School children as young as 13 years old were identified to be linked to the drug trade . This problem is not only in Hyderabad , but most of the cities in India , and also across the globe . Most of these teenagers do not only traffic the drugs , but they are also addicted users .
Director of Enforcement , Akun Sabharwal recently expressed their disappointment over the availability of these drugs to the young ones : “ While we are doing our duty , our entire team was definitely shocked and disturbed over the availability of these drugs to young students and adults. ” They added : “ Based on the investigation , it can be said that any child or adult who could afford around Rs 3,000 to Rs 4,000 per week were the only ones with the ability to buy or use LSD . ”
A few months ago , the authorities arrested five students for purchasing LSD with an estimated street value of $ 107,800 from the United States of America .
Authorities have taken measures to control the engagement of the students in the drug trade . A police officer said to reporters some time ago that : “ When school management notices a student doing wrong , it will bring the matter to the notice of his/her parents in an attempt to mend ways of the student . In the same manner , the excise enforcement officials wrote letters to school/college managements asking them to take measures to sensitize their students on effects of drug abuse after a few students were found purchasing drugs from peddlers . The government must appreciate the police for cracking a whip on drug peddlers . ”
Somalia 's President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud arrives at the European Commission headquarters in Brussels January 30 , 2013 . REUTERS/Yves Herman
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The International Monetary Fund officially recognized the Somali government on Friday , ending a 22-year hiatus and allowing the Fund to provide economic policy advice to Somalia .
The move opens the way for donors and other development banks to resume relations with Somalia , whose economy is in tatters after more than two decades of conflict .
Donors are expected to meet officials from the World Bank and International Monetary Fund during meetings of world finance leaders in Washington next week .
“ The decision is consistent with broad international support and recognition of the federal government , ” the IMF said in a statement . The IMF said , however , that it will not be able to approve lending to Somalia until the government clears $ 352 million ( 229.4 million pounds ) in debt it owes to the IMF .
The United States has said it will work with the World Bank and the IMF to help Somalia clear the debt . The country also owes the World Bank about $ 250 million , which is preventing the institution from providing development aid to the government .
Major Western donors , including the United States , Britain and countries in Europe , have slowly been re-engaging with the Mogadishu government since the election of President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud last year . It was the first vote of its kind since warlords toppled military dictator Mohamed Siad Barre in 1991 .
In subsequent years , al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab insurgents seized control of large swathes of the south and central parts of the country . An African Union force has had some success in driving the insurgents out of the capital .
The chaos in Mali is a direct result of the destabilization following the US-NATO war in Libya
Islamic extremists in control of northern Mali are becoming “ increasingly repressive , ” according to Human Rights Watch , amputating limbs , whipping people in the streets and stoning people to death .
The Islamists , who came to power after the US-NATO war in Libya destabilized parts of northern Africa , are imposing draconian punishments on residents for acts like smoking cigarettes , drinking alcohol , women not covering themselves , and having the wrong ring tones on their cell phones .
“ The Islamist armed groups have become increasingly repressive as they have tightened their grip over northern Mali , ” said Corinne Dufka , of Human Rights Watch . “ Stonings , amputations and floggings have become the order of the day in an apparent attempt to force the local population to accept their world view . ”
The military coup that took place in Mali is a monument to the consequences of U.S. interventionism and the resulting power vacuum and instability has caused mayhem . Rebel troops seized power and toppled the government in a bid to oust democratically elected President Amadou Toumani Toure who they claim insufficiently supported the military in a fight against Tuareg militants waging an insurgency in the north .
Libyan leader Muammar Gadhafi had hired and armed many Tuareg fighters to defend them against the NATO-backed rebellion in Libya , and they returned to Mali at the Libyan war 's end stronger and more determined than ever , leading to a coup headed by Captain Amadou Sanogo , who was trained by the U.S. military .
As with previous U.S. interventions of late , militants allying themselves with the ideas of al-Qaeda seem to crop up only after the U.S. destabilizes the country .
Many see this violence , and the accompanying militancy , and try to use it to justify more US interventionism in the region . Indeed , covert US militarism in Africa is increasingly significantly in response to just these kinds of non-state actors of late .
But US interventions merely exacerbate these problems . Mali was a stable , comparatively democratic country in the region prior to the destabilization following the war in Libya .
Last 5 posts by John Glaser
Hello and welcome back to LORE BUILDER where we seek out and develop corners of uncharted lore with you , the community . As always , please review the updated caveats and background reading outlined in the fourteenth issue to get up to speed on what to expect and what 's already been established in the Star Citizen universe .
We 've got a lot to get through this week , so let 's get started .
BEVERAGES
Last week , we posted ten great examples of beverages created by the community and had you vote on which one you liked the most . It was a remarkably close race , but BLACK MOUNTAIN squeaked out on top . Congratulations , Kodo , on creating the winning submission . Here are our reactions to the beverage :
Dave : “ I really responded to the evocative writing . Aside from having a very clear image of what the drink looked and smelled like , I really got a sense of its texture . That last detail particularly grounded it in reality for me . ”
Will : “ What I liked about Black Mountain tea is picturing long haulers keeping a thermos of the stuff next to them to sip on , and how they would have to make sure to maintain a careful balance of how much they could drink without getting the shakes . I have family from Argentina , and the description reminded me in a lot of ways of how popular yerba mate is in South America . It is amazing how much tea some people will drink throughout the day , carrying around a thermos of hot water and the little traditional gourds to drink from . I can see Black Mountain having a similar passionate following in the ‘ verse . ”
Kodo , as the winner of last week 's poll , we will submit your write-up into the pipeline to get vetted and develop a logo . To reiterate , we have been collecting all of the beverages submitted in the comment section for an internal spreadsheet , so it 's definitely possible that the rest of you might still see your creation in a bar or on neon signs in the universe .
Now , on to this week 's topic .
THE LEGISLATIVE BRANCH OF THE UEE
Many call it a stagnant bureaucracy , while others view it as the lifeblood that allows Human civilization to continue to exist .
This is going to be a big discussion . In short , we 're going to look at the portion of the UEE government that handles the infrastructure of the Empire . Hopefully you are already familiar with how the UEE government is currently set up , but we would recommend rereading the Writer 's Guide issue as a refresher .
So what are we going to dig into ?
In a nutshell , the UEE Senate is responsible for overseeing all of the departments , committees , subcommittees and divisions responsible for keeping the Empire churning .
Here are some examples that have already been established in the Lore :
TRADE & DEVELOPMENT DIVISION ( TDD )
Department that handles trade and cargo . Check imports and exports into the city/landing zone for ships , so anything coming onto or leaving the planet will pass through TDD inspection .
SUPPORT & SUPPLY AGENCY
A lesser known department of the UEE responsible for procuring and transporting resources and supplies for the Empire 's infrastructure . This agency was briefly mentioned here .
So this week , we are looking for two things :
What are the various departments , committees , etc . that the Senate manages and operates ?
a . Some of these systems might be handled by local governments , but all of those would receive their standards from an Imperial department . For example , City Sanitation would be a local matter and handled by local authorities ( whether they are from the City itself or from the Governors Council ) , but there are still Health & Safety protocols that they have to adhere to that could come from an Imperial level .
b . Sample ideas : What is the department that regulates spaceflight safety regulations ? Who oversees protocols for spectrum broadcasting ? Who maintains the standards for education/Equivalency ? For those of you who are interested in the macro : How are these departments/subcommittees/etc . organized ?
a . Do Senators officiate these departments , are they private sector , or are they run by committee ?
b . Is each department a standalone entity or are there subsidiaries ? For example , does drug regulation exist under the province of Health & Safety ?
Now , this will probably be the trickiest part because it 's very easy to get on a roll with the exploration and backstory of these topics , but we 're going to appeal for brevity in your responses .
Next week , we will review your submissions and highlight some suggestions for further discussion as we start building the infrastructure that handles infrastructure . Bureaucracy go !
Texas Medical Groups Oppose New Abortion Restrictions Texas medical groups are pushing back against new restrictions proposed by the state Department of Health and Human Services that would prevent any doctor from discussing abortion with patients . The restrictions would apply to doctors participating in the Texas Women 's Health Program ( WHP ) . The Texas Medical Association and four other groups , who represent 47,000 doctors and medical students , say they might stop participating in the WHP if these restrictions go into effect .
The Texas Tribune reports that the groups argue these provisions would compromise medical ethics and doctor-patient relationships . `` The relationship between patient and physician is based on trust and creates the physician 's ethical obligations to place the patient 's welfare above their or their own personal politics , self-interest and above obligations to other groups , '' the groups said in a letter to the Department of State Health Services on Friday . State health officials have responded by saying they will review the doctors ' input .
Texas is already attempting to block Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers from participating in the WHP . Historically , these clinics have made up approximately half of the clinics participating in the WHP , and helped provide health services including cancer screenings and contraception ( not abortions ) to approximately 130,000 low income women participating in the WHP . Media Resources : Texas Tribune 8/6/12 ; Think Progress 8/7/12 ; KWTX.com 8/7/12
© Feminist Majority Foundation , publisher of Ms. magazine If you liked this story , consider making a tax-deductible donation to support Ms. magazine .
As plus size bodies fight for visibility , it seems as if there 's one particular body type that is easy for the mainstream to digest : the hourglass . You 've likely heard “ body like a coke bottle ” in a song or read a fashion magazine 's advice on how to dress your curvy body as the only acknowledgement of plus size bodies . Plus size models in advertisements have completely flat stomachs and can often only look plus size by the hourglass curvature of their bodies . Companies have been known to use padding on the models to further accentuate this shape . With this messaging , it can be easy to forget that other bodies exist and need to be celebrated .
The hourglass figure is defined by both hips and bust measurements that are significantly larger than the waist . In a piece for Madame Noire , Charing Ball notes that only eight percent of women of any size actually have an hourglass body by definition . They also write , “ While seeing bigger women is an improvement and empowering in itself , if all we are really seeing is bigger versions of the same image we 've been force-fed since we were kids , all we are really doing is trading in one oppression for another . ”
I really got to thinking about this concept after reading some tweets from fat activist Ariel Woodson about the topic . Woodson is one person who I always see pushing for more inclusive representation so I wanted to get their perspective on why we need to see more visibility for bodies who are not hourglass in plus size fashion .
“ It 's so important that we as a community make sure that we 're celebrating all fat bodies , not just those deemed as ‘ acceptably fat ' by the mainstream , ” Woodson tells me . “ It 's important to remember that not only body size and skin color garner privilege and attention , but shape can as well . There 's a severe underrepresentation of bodies that ca n't be easily categorized as ‘ curvy in the right places . ' It 's dangerous for us to follow the lead of the mainstream and create a hierarchy in which hourglass and pear shaped bodies are preferred over others . ”
While some may argue that seeing any plus size bodies in the mainstream is progress we should celebrate , Woodson presents an alternative take .
“ Even though we 're working towards rejecting the idea that a thin body is the only valuable one , it is important to remember that dismantling one ideal ( thinness ) will be in vain if we create a new set of standards that value some bodies over others . ”
Woodson says they lovingly define their own body shape as refrigerator or “ box bodied ” and they would like to see more bodies like theirs being celebrated in the same way as their curvy counterparts . And in a way that responsibility falls on the plus size community to challenge the mainstream 's control of the narrative of what being plus size means .
“ We 're being noticed and getting more mainstream media representation , but we ca n't allow their ideas to shape our conversation , ” says Woodson . “ And we have to all work on our own internalized standards about what shapes are desirable . ”
There are plus size bloggers who are not hourglass or pear-shaped that are helping to show the wider lens of plus size bodies . I polled folks on my personal social media as well as asked Woodson to pick some of their favorites and came up with a list of 15 non-hourglass bloggers you should know . It 's important to note that I do not know these bloggers measurements so I went on either self-identification as another body type written on their blog or I selected them based on someone else 's nomination . I 'm not interested in defining someone 's body type so much as showing that other body types exist in plus size fashion .
This list is not exhaustive but I hope that it 's a start to a conversation !
15 Non-Hourglass Plus Size Fashion Bloggers To Know !
1 . Simply Curvy
Simply Curvy was nominated by Fat Girl Flow and I have to say that I was missing out myself by not following them already . After looking through their blog and lusting after their looks , I saw that they define themselves as apple-shaped . You can catch them styling everything from casual boyfriend jeans to a shimmery party dresses .
2 . Nerd About Town
Nerd About Town is part beauty , part fashion and part lifestyle and all those parts combine for what was a blog that was nominated by multiple people for this list . Stephanie defines their body shape as “ boxy ” and they are n't afraid to try out different silhouettes and bold patterns .
3 . Dressing Outside The Box
Dressing Outside The Box is the personal style blog of German fashion designer , Isabell Decker . By definition the blog is designed to show that you can wear whatever you want at any size or shape . Decker writes , “ Bootcut Jeans , printed tunics and body slimming clothing are not , and will never be , part of my wardrobe . ”
4 . Mustangsallytwo
Lisa of Mustangsallytwo is someone who I discovered through social media . She 's a CPA by trade and in 2015 , they started their personal style blog documenting their looks as a size 28 . She 's known to accessorize and always have a level of sophistication that I love .
5 . Affatshionista
Affatshionista is a personal style blog that shows that style does not have an age or size limit and I absolutely love the message . With a focus on fashion sizes 4X and up , you can count on this blog for some serious statement fashion inspo .
6 . Runa Azam
I had been following Runa Azam for makeup inspiration without realizing that their outfit posts were also pretty great . Them style is part boho , part 70s vibes and 100 percent making me want to wear flare jeans for the first time in years .
7 . RolyPolyWardrobe
German-based Asta of RolyPolyWardrobe is a fashion and design assistant . Them blog and corresponding Instagram account features them rocking everything from lace lingerie and blue lipstick to silver leggings and denim rompers . They were one of eight women featured in the Silvana Denker 's viral # BodyLove campaign .
8 . StyleIt
IG : styleit
Sarah Conley started the blog Style It in 2006 so they certainly bring a wealth of blogger knowledge and experience that really shines in their blog 's design and content . I love their personal style posts but especially this denim on denim look .
9 . U Ca n't Wear That
I ca n't remember when I first discovered UK blogger and makeup artist U Ca n't Wear That but I distinctly remember being in awe of their photos in Volup2 magazine last fall . I look to them for some personal style inspiration since she 's a fellow petite plus blogger .
10 . Reizende Rundungen
When I interviewed Woodson , they introduced me to Katrin of reizende Rundungen and I was glad they did . This purple haired self-proclaimed fat babe sports tulle skirts , graphic tees and pencil skirts with Converse tennis shoes .
11 . Fat Heffalump
I had followed Fat Heffalump on Facebook for my fill of fat activist and feminism . Woodson pointed out that Kath who runs Fat Heffalump also shares outfits posts and when I discovered that , I saw flawless pattern mixing , bold colors and a fun 40+ take on fashion .
12 . Fashion , Love , and Martinis
Amanda Allison of Fashion , Love , and Martinis is also known for their YouTube channel which boasts 3 million+ views . They use their YouTube channel to share Vlogs , beauty hauls and inside the dressing room videos .
13 . Plus Size Never Looked So Good
Ali of Plus Size Never Looked So Good is the only Tumblr blogger on this list and their outfit posting on the platform has been super consistent since August 2014 . I am a fan of their budget approach to plus size fashion and their smile is absolutely infectious .
14 . Fatty Boom Tatty
Blogger Sam Roswell of Fatty Boom Tatty was nominated by their fellow UK plus bloggers and I am also a fan of their badass style . Sporting a blue mane that is truly envy-worthy , they bring an alternative edge to plus fashion .
15 . Fat Shopaholic
I have a soft spot in my heart for Tiffany of Fat Shopaholic . They were one of the first plus bloggers that I met in person back in 2011 and I had a major fan girl moment . They were the first plus size woman I met who wore bright colors and mixed patterns . These days their style is gender neutral and I have loved seeing their style evolution .
Expanding the lens beyond hourglass shapes is important . Just as plus size fashion representation should n't be one-size-fits-all , it should n't be a one-shape-fits-all , either . Representation is about creating space for everyone to not only see someone who looks like them but to also feel as if they have a place to participate .
Did we miss a favorite of yours ? Sound off and let us know what you think ! ! !
Most playwrights have jitters on opening night , but David Adjmi was in a panic amid the festivities last month for “ 3C , ” their darkly comic deconstruction of the 1970s sitcom “ Three 's Company. ” That same day they learned that the copyright owner of “ Three 's Company ” had sent a cease-and-desist letter to the play 's producers charging that Mr. Adjmi had infringed on the copyright by borrowing so many elements from the TV series , including its premise about a man who pretends to be gay to live with two female roommates .
The show went on — but the copyright fight remains far from resolved .
At issue is whether “ 3C ” is enough of a parody of “ Three 's Company ” to be protected under First Amendment exceptions to copyright law — specifically , under the legal doctrine of fair use , which allows artists to use copyrighted work to lampoon or critique the material , as the international hit “ Forbidden Broadway ” has done for years with its sendups of famous musicals .
But another issue is personal , at least in this case : The ability of a financially strapped , largely unknown playwright to fight legal threats .
Fearing the potential legal bills , Mr. Adjmi , 38 , said that they initially agreed — in an e-mail sent through their agents — to the demands of the “ Three 's Company ” owners that they turn down any future productions of “ 3C ” or any publication or circulation of the script , in effect allowing their play to die after its Off Broadway run at Rattlestick Playwrights Theater , which ended on Saturday .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The production received mixed reviews , but whether critics liked or hated it , they all picked up on the allusions to the “ Three 's Company ” characters , who were given new psychological and sexual layers .
Photo
Mr. Adjmi said that after six sleepless nights they decided to give in , agreeing to the terms from the copyright owner , DLT Entertainment , that the New York production would not be extended and there would be no others . Like many full-time playwrights , Mr. Adjmi lives mostly on theater commissions and grants — for him , totaling $ 25,000 to $ 50,000 a year — in addition to royalties from productions of their work , which include the recent Off Broadway plays “ Stunning ” and “ Elective Affinities. ” They estimated that they earned from nothing to $ 25,000 in royalties annually , and that they made about $ 2,500 from the run of “ 3C , ” which played the typical five-week run at the Rattlestick .
Inter host Napoli in a pivotal match-up in their quest to reach the top four .
Inter go into the Saturday affair in relative good form , capturing two straight away wins and earning points in five consecutive matches . Last week 's win at Parma was a highly contested affair that featured seven yellow cards and a missed penalty between both sides . The Milan side are just two points away from Fiorentina , the current 4th place team . During their press conference Walter Mazzarri did not want to talk about finishing 4th , mentioning “ I take every game as it comes . We 'll try to give our all tomorrow . We need to claim as many points as possible and then make our conclusions at the end of the season . At the moment we do n't have a specific goal , but , as far as I 'm concerned , we never had one this season anyway . ”
It will be interesting to see how Napoli approaches this game . With a victory they can secure a 3rd place finish , however next Saturday they play the Coppa Italia Final and may not have their heads 100 % into today 's game . Manager Rafa Benitez spoke of the importance of the fixture , saying “ At San Siro we will give our all . We have motivation and I want to see a winning mentality . It 's an important game for both teams . They want to go to Europa , we want to end the matter of 3rd place mathematically . ”
Both teams enter the game with minimal injury issues but Inter will be shorthanded defensively as both Walter Samuel and Rolando are not eligible to play due to suspension . Napoli welcome back Jose Callejon from injury but may choose to start Lorenzo Insigne in their place .
With so much on the line for both teams today 's match should provide plenty of entertainment for fans and neutrals alike .
Inter Form : W-W-L-W-W
Napoli Form : D-D-D-W-W
Previous Match : Napoli 4-2 Inter
Key Fact : Inter have yet to win 3 games in a row this season
This fall , Hulu will make its first foray into esports with new original programming developed and produced by ESL . The world 's largest esports company will produce four unique series exclusively for the streaming video-on-demand service—Player v. Player , Bootcamp , Defining Moments , and ESL Replay—that explore the various facets of esports , including athlete training and preparation , news and industry trends , and coverage of ESL 's tournaments .
“ The partnership with Hulu marks ESL 's first original series on an on-demand streaming service , and will showcase the diverse nature of esports through high quality storytelling , ” said Nik Adams , Senior Vice President of Global Media Rights and Distribution , ESL . “ Esports appeals to a younger , more digitally savvy audience so Hulu is a perfect platform to build out our original content and expose the world of esports to new audiences . ”
“ Esports is one of the fastest growing areas of media and entertainment , and , through this first-of-its-kind deal with ESL , we can now bring the popular world of esports to Hulu , ” said Lisa Holme , Vice President of Content Acquisition , Hulu . “ We know our viewers , especially those watching Hulu on consoles , are hungry for this type of content – so we 're excited to offer it on Hulu for the first time . ”
According to Nielsen 's latest study , “ The Esports Playbook , ” esports fans spend 3.5 hours per week watching digital or streaming content through services . By creating esports content exclusively for Hulu , ESL will bring familiar and popular material to an SVOD platform for the first time .
The four esports series in the deal include :
Player V. Player
Player V. Player is a gamified debate show with casters and esports influencers facing off over the hottest topics in esports . Panelists accrue points while debating both newsy and big picture topics for ultimate bragging rights , with a final challenge over a classic video game . The result is an urgent , passionate conversation amongst signature esports personalities , connecting communities while also pitting them against one another .
Bootcamp
Bootcamp is a weekly docu-series following The Immortals , a top CS : GO team , as they rebuild their roster leading up to IEM Oakland , one of the premiere esports events in North America that takes place on November 18-19 at Oracle Arena . With the tournament just weeks away , and currently three players short of a full team , The Immortals must find new talent and quickly build a cohesive team . Bootcamp will follow The Immortals through the extensive process of player evaluation , testing , and trials until they finally find the perfect players and then race to get ready for IEM Oakland . The series will also give unprecedented access to the inner workings of a professional esports team , with scrimmages and practice sessions at the team house as they formulate a new strategy and build team chemistry .
Defining Moments
Dive deep into the most impactful moments in esports history with passionate casters and analysts explaining what made these moments so monumental . Defining Moments will cover many of the top games and fan the flames of ongoing debates about these plays . Each episode is centered on a specific theme for the week , whether trick-shots and insane reflex skills , controversial moves and their impact on gaming history , or long-lasting rivalries and how they came to be . The series will feature in-depth interviews with game designers , teammates , fans , rivals , even sports scientists assessing reaction speed – anyone who can add to the story of defining moments in esports .
ESL Replay
ESL Replay is a fast-paced , condensed , documentary-style recap of the most memorable moments from four of the biggest multi-day esports tournaments in the world , including in-depth analyses and behind-the-scenes footage not part of the tournament live stream . A never-before-seen view of the tournament that will entertain those who watched the full tournament and those who missed the action and want to see what they missed . Each episode of Replay will be edited and aired within a week of the live event .
Keep an eye out for ESL 's latest original programming on Hulu this fall . For more updates on all things esports , be sure to follow ESL on Twitter and Facebook .
Share this article :
The U'wa are an indigenous people living in the cloud forests of northeastern Colombia . Historically , the U'wa numbered as many as 20,000 , scattered over a homeland that extended across the Venezuela-Colombia border . Some 7-8,000 U'wa are alive today .
The U'wa are known to neighboring indigenous peoples as `` the thinking people '' or `` the people who speak well '' . [ 1 ] They were formerly called Tunebo , but today prefer to be known as U'wa , meaning `` people '' .
Struggle to prevent oil drilling [ edit ]
They gained international visibility in a 14-year-long struggle to prevent oil drilling on their land , which secured the withdrawal of Royal Dutch Shell and Occidental Petroleum ( Oxy ) , and continues as Ecopetrol and Repsol YPF seek to drill on their land . [ 2 ] Their representative to the outside world in this struggle , Berito Kuwaru'wa , won the Goldman Environmental Prize in 1998 . The conflict came to a head as Oxy prepared to drill at the Gibraltar 1 test site . The U'wa , who had previously threatened to commit mass suicide if the oil extraction project went forward , constructed a small village on the site of the drillsite . They also set up numerous roadblocks and a coordinated ( together with neighboring campesinos and the Guahibo ) a regional social strike that paralyzed the surrounding area . Although the Colombian military dislodged the protesters from the site , no commercially viable deposits were found . The U'wa were then in a new dispute with Ecopetrol , which was seeking to prospect for oil on their lands , [ 3 ] after legal battles and non-violent protests , Ecopetrol withdrew . [ 4 ]
Geography [ edit ]
The U'wa people live in northeastern Colombia , in the departments of Arauca , Boyacá , Casanare , Santander and Northern Santander . Historically , they also populated what is now Venezuela .
Territory [ edit ]
The U'wa ancestral homeland , known as Kajka-Ika or Kera Chikara , lies in the Sierra Nevada del Cocuy and covers more than 12,000 square kilometres ( 4,600 sq mi ) . The area includes the headwaters of the Orinoco River . Historically , substantial portions of their homeland have been protected from any human access .
The U'wa have been engaged in a major project of land recovery , expanding their recognized territory from 1,000 square kilometres ( 250,000 acres ) to 2,200 square kilometres ( 540,000 acres ) Unified Reserve ( Resguardo Unido ) in 1999 .
Municipalities belonging to U'wa territory [ edit ]
The U'wa inhabited the highlands of northernmost Boyacá and western Arauca and Casanare .
Name Department Altitude ( m )
urban centre Map Cubará Boyacá 380 Labranzagrande
( shared with Achagua & Guahibo ) Boyacá 1210 Saravena Arauca 2600 Sácama Casanare 1250 Támara
( shared with Achagua ) Casanare 1156 Nunchía
( shared with Achagua ) Casanare 398
Culture [ edit ]
The U'wa speak a language of the Chibchan family called Uw Cuwa ( `` people 's tongue '' ) . They have no written tradition and have passed down their knowledge and customs primarily through song .
Their religious tradition includes an obligation to gather in the summer months and `` sing the world into being '' as well as to maintain equilibrium between the layers of the world : earth , water , oil , mountains , and sky . Their identification of petroleum , which they call Ruiria , with the blood of Mother Earth , stiffened their resolve in their conflict with oil corporations in the 1990s .
The U'wa consider non-U'wa to be impure , and place high importance on purification rituals , which makes interaction with outsiders difficult .
Institutions [ edit ]
U'wa leader Berito Kubaru'wa
The U'wa organize their political life in a collection of institutions known to the outside world as the U'wa Traditional Authorities . This body is made up of Werjayás ( wise elders ) and Karekas ( medicine people ) from each of the U'wa clans . The system of Cabildos mandated by the Colombian state includes an upper and lower council or Cabildo Mayor and Cabildo Menor , as well as the positions of President , Vice President , Secretary , Treasurer , Public Prosecutor and Speaker . Berito KuwarU'wa has served as president in recent years .
The U'wa have affiliated with the Guahibo in the Association of Cabildos and Traditional Indigenous Authorities of the Department of Arauca ( ASCATIDAR ) , officially founded in June 2003 to promote the local autonomy of the department 's indigenous peoples . The Association 's president is Dario Tulivila , a Guahibo leader .
Clans [ edit ]
The U'wa were grouped into eight clans from time immemorial to the 20th century . Three clans survived their dramatic population loss in the last hundred years and structure their communal life today : Kubaruwa ( Cobaria ) , Tagrinuwa ( Tegria ) and Kaibaká ( Bokota ) , each of which includes multiple communities . The U'wa population includes some 822 families . [ 1 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Between May 29 and June 23 , 2RedBeans polled Chinese living in the United States , Canada , England and France , among other countries , to learn their views on topics like romance and dating . Roughly 58 percent of those surveyed were women and 42 percent men . The findings , Zhao said , suggest a shift away from conventional attitudes typically embraced by Chinese .
“ The traditional Chinese dating culture is as soon as someone asks you out for a cup of coffee , you 're exclusive , that you should just date this one person , ” they said .
Related : Chinese Americans Find Love on Specialty Dating Site
While that mindset might be changing , Chinese living in Canada still tend to be more conservative than their counterparts elsewhere , according to the survey . More than 80 percent said men and women should date only one person at a time . That belief might stem from the fact that many Chinese Canadians emigrated from Hong Kong , Zhao said .
“ I think with Hong Kong , in general , the people are more conservative , even though they are more exposed to western culture , ” they said . “ The marriage view is more conservative . ”
Apart from a greater willingness to simultaneously date multiple partners , only 30 percent of overseas Chinese disapproved of entering a relationship in which the woman was older than the man , the survey found . This , too , represents a departure from norms in Chinese culture , Zhao said , in which men are often older than their significant other .
“ The traditional Chinese dating culture is as soon as someone asks you out for a cup of coffee , you 're exclusive , that you should just date this one person ''
The survey also found that overseas Chinese tend to partake in different dating customs depending on the western country where they live . For instance , in England some 80 percent of overseas Chinese have coffee or tea on a first date , while in France around 40 percent prefer to go on a romantic day trip . Whatever the venue , almost 64 percent still believe the man should pick up the tab on the first encounter , survey respondents said .
It 's not clear how Zhinu and Niulang - the mythological weaver and cow herder for whom the Double Seventh Festival is celebrated - might react to these poll results . As for their love story , the gods separated the young and beautiful Zhinu from their husband Niulang after they neglected their work as a weaver of the sky . Moved by the couple 's determination to reunite , the gods finally allowed them to meet for only one day each year . That 's when they cross a silver river on the seventh day of the seventh lunar month , hence the name Double Seventh Festival .
Although Zhinu and Niulang might still espouse old-fashioned sensibilities , Zhao said they think the couple would be pleased by some of 2RedBeans ' recent findings .
“ I think they would be happy that people are getting out more , to date more people , ” they said . “ But they would also be so happy that they met each other and fell in love at first sight . ”
On the 11th of May , Bleeding Cool ran the story about there being a hail-hydra.com domain name that redirected to the White House website . We would later be the first to interview the domain name owner and explore where it had redirected to over the years .
On the 12th of May , the US Government received a trademark registration application for “ Hail Hydra ” from Marvel Characters , the legal owner of thousands of Marvel trademarks for Marvel Comics and Disney .
Thay are claiming it for “ downloadable electronic publications in the nature of comic books , comic magazines and stories in illustrated form , comic books ; printed periodicals in the field of comic book stories and artwork , entertainment services , namely , providing online non-downloadable comic books and graphic novels ”
I bet that would include domain names as well . Of course , in order to keep a trademark , you must demonstrate use .
So expect Marvel to keep Hail Hydra-ing for the foreseeable future…
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool . Father of two . Comic book clairvoyant . Political cartoonist .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
When Santa Monica 's oldest tobacconist , Edward Kolpin Sr. , died in April 2007 , they had a wish . That their little shop on Wilshire Boulevard would continue to sell handcrafted pipes , high-end cigars and custom blended tobacco for ten more years .
When Kolpin 's daughter-in-law turns out the lights and locks the door one last time Monday , the nearly 90-year-old store will have fulfilled that promise .
“ It will be hard , ” Jeanette Kolpin said as they held back tears and pulled out some pamphlets from the Museum of Neon Art . “ But we will be immortalized . ”
On Friday , a construction crew used a crane to pull the old Tinder Box signs from its corner on Wilshire and Harvard St . It is now headed to Glendale where it will be repaired and restored and placed in the museum . The strip is perhaps a fitting resting place for what has been a symbol of Hollywood 's smoke-filled glamour since Ed began selling cigars to the stars in the 1920 's .
Over the years , loyal customers relished Ed 's stories of famous actores and actors and their exploits . They claimed to have once been flashed by Marilyn Monroe themselves and to have skinny dipped in the Taj Mahal . Icons from every generation have walked through the wooden doors and smelled the cedar inside the cigar room – from Clark Gable to Nicholas Cage to Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger .
The store opened in 1928 . In 1973 , the company began leasing its name and selling its product as a franchise , spreading the Tinder Box names all over the world . In 1977 , Ed 's son told the New York Times that business began thriving after the Surgeon General 's warning that cigarette smoking was a health hazard . Suddenly , cigarette smokers turned to cigars and pipes to get their fix without inhaling and wean themselves off their daily pack .
“ Our stores have never been affected by downturns in the economy , ” Karl Kolpin reportedly told The Times . “ People may lose their jobs , but they continue to smoke expensive cigars . The worse the Dow Jones becomes , the better our business . ”
While there are still Tinder Box stores in about 18 states , the franchise has since been sold and five years ago Jeanette made the difficult decision to sell the property on Wilshire . They negotiated a special rate for the store for a five-year lease , which expired this month . The going rent in the neighborhood has since skyrocketed beyond what the store can afford .
“ Things change and nothing lasts forever , ” Jeanette said .
The Tinder Box does n't have a single employee who has worked there fewer than fifteen years . The shop 's manager , Leo Reyes , has been teaching customers about cigars and pipes since 1986 . Once they get going , they can rhapsodize about the craftsmanship behind hand-carving a pipe and the aroma of different tobaccos .
“ As a kid , years ago , I remember someone smoking and it smelled like gingerbread , ” Reyes said . “ People have those kinds of memories of their uncle or their dad or grandfather smoking a pipe and they decide to give it a try . They get sentimental . ”
“ Everything has history so it becomes part of the ambiance of doing it . ”
But while their customers have remained loyal , the base has not grown and trends in smoking have changed . The store never branched out to include new technology like e-cigarettes or vaporizers . Although they get a lot of calls requesting it , the store does not sell paraphernalia for smoking marijuana either .
“ That was n't us . We wanted to stay pure in that sense , ” Reyes said .
After they finish clearing out the store and complete the pile of paperwork that comes with ending a nearly century-old business , Reyes says they and Jeanette are looking into ways to continue the repair shop that fixes broken lighters , pipes and humidors .
“ You know , the things that we do that other places do n't do anymore , ” Reyes said .
Over the past few weeks , word spread that the shop was finally closing and customers began coming by to pick up mementos and say their farewells . Although their stock is already dwindling , Jeanette anticipates a busy day on Saturday when cigar and pipe smokers typically spend the afternoon inside the shop catching up with friends and enjoying their shared vice .
The stores late founder , Ed , smoked a pipe up until they turned 96 years old .
On Monday , the shop goes out like a light .
kate @ www.smdp.com
Bayern Munich 1-2 Real Madrid Numbers speak for themselves
Cristiano Ronaldo : I do n't know who was doubting me
Cristiano Ronaldo reaches 100 Champions League goals
Following their side 's 2-1 comeback against Bayern Munich , Marcelo did n't seem to have much time or sympathy for those who seek to criticise the match-winner Cristiano Ronaldo .
Despite the Portuguese star 's illustrious career for club and country , on both an individual and collective level , they still somehow has their critics , although Marcelo had one possible explanation .
`` I think they have a problem , maybe it 's envy , '' they began .
`` I do n't know what 's wrong with them , they work hard and helps their team .
`` It must be envy , you only have to look at these numbers and they still keep on producing , '' they continued .
`` He 's happy to gave scored , but he 's even happier about the result . ''
The left-back did n't deny that the sending off of Javi Martinez had been a boon for the holders .
`` We made the most of it , '' they admitted . `` We put in a great performance , but we also let in a goal . ''
Lockheed Martin Aeronautics has been awarded two contract modifications for about $ 28 million for work in support of the U.S. Air Force 's F-22 Raptor aircraft . Photo courtesy of U.S. Air Force
WASHINGTON , Oct. 21 ( UPI ) -- Lockheed Martin Aeronautics has been awarded two contract modifications for about $ 28 million for work in support of the U.S. Air Force 's F-22 Raptor aircraft .
The first modification to a previously awarded contract is for $ 20.4 million and covers touch labor and installs at the Ogden Depot , as well as at F-22 operational bases .
Work will be performed at U.S. Air Force bases across the country and has an expected completion date of December 2016 .
The second firm-fixed-price option to a previously awarded contract is for $ 7.6 million and covers F-22 sustainment activities .
Work will be performed in Texas and has an expected completion date of December 2017 .
The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center is the contracting entity for both contracts .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The widow of a slain gangster has dodged jail after being nabbed during an £800 shoplifting spree .
Kelly 'Bo ' Green , 37 , the partner of Kevin 'Gerbil ' Carroll , was arrested after security staff caught them with a stolen haul of H & M clothing in their car .
The mum-of-three was confronted after shop assistants spotting them acting `` suspiciously '' in the high street store .
They were apprehended at Centre West shopping centre in East Kilbride , Lanarkshire , in April , the Daily Record reports .
( Image : PA )
Green appeared at Hamilton Sheriff Court and was last week ordered to carry out 180 hours of unpaid work in the community as an alternative to prison .
Two men , Declan Paxton , 23 , and Kevin Bain , 37 , were cleared of the same charges .
Them solicitor Jim Reilly said : “ She accepts they were involved but their co-accused in this case both had not guilty pleas accepted to their charges .
“ She attended at East Kilbride shopping centre that day and accepts they assisted with the shoplifting .
“ She is the mother of three children but would carry out any court order around childcare arrangements . ”
Green , from Glasgow , is the daughter of crime boss Jamie Daniel , who died last year from cancer .
( Image : Sunday Mail )
They are believed to be part of a shoplifting gang that include their aunt , Annette Daniel , 55 , who has 22 convictions for the crime and has served time in prison for thefts .
Sentencing her , Sheriff Thomas Millar said : “ This was a theft of £800 of clothing , a substantial value of an expensive shoplifting expedition .
“ But I am willing to make an order for unpaid work as a direct alternative to custody . ”
Green will have to carry out the work within nine months . In 2014 , Green admitted stealing £1200 worth of clothing from the Glasgow Fort shopping centre and Strathkelvin Retail Park in Bishopbriggs , near Glasgow , with two other women .
However , they were given a community payback order at Glasgow Sheriff Court rather than a jail term .
( Image : Google Maps )
Also in 2014 , Annette Daniel and Paxton admitted shoplifting at Buchanan Galleries shopping centre .
More than £900 worth of goods were found in a bag being carried by Paxton .
Daniel was given nine months in jail while Paxton , from Ruchill , Glasgow , was given a 135-hour community service order .
In 2012 , Paxton was accused of going on a £12,000 shoplifting spree in Solihull in the West Midlands .
A year earlier , when only 17 , they and another woman admitted stealing £318 worth of clothes from a Glasgow store . Annette Daniel , who was arrested with the pair , had the same charges dropped .
Underworld enforcer Carroll , 29 , was shot dead in a car parked outside an Asda supermarket in Glasgow 's Robroyston in January 2010 .
They had been at the centre of a feud with the rival Lyons gang , which has seen a series of tit-for-tat shootings this year .
Carroll and Green had two children together and lived in Lennoxtown , near Glasgow .
The couple 's £217,000 villa was later seized under the Proceeds of Crime Act and Green was forced to move out .
In 2006 , it was revealed the country 's largest shoplifting gang were being run by Annette Daniel and Jean McGovern , 43 , a member of the McGovern crime family .
“ That 's all we do in the Senate is vote on things like raising the minimum wage . ”
That 's what Mitch McConnell had to say to a roomful of millionaires and billionaires , according to leaked audio published by The Nation and The Undercurrent last week , about something as crucial as the wages that millions of Americans make every day .
The secret tape echoes a rising awareness among Americans , from Kentucky to California , that their elected officials are too busy catering to the whims of the rich rather than taking care of the working people who elect them to office . So rather than let that disappointment and anger turn to apathy , the working class is already too busy reclaiming a living wage for itself .
McConnell , facing a fierce mid-term challenge from Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes , could be forgiven for stretching the truth : he 's actually been busy preventing a vote on the minimum wage . Four months ago , Senate Republicans filibustered a bill that would 've increased the federal minimum wage from $ 7.25 per hour to $ 10.10 . It never would have passed the Republican-dominated House , which is running out of time to ignore its base in favor of intransigence – even 54 % of Republicans said in a Memorial Day weekend poll that they want to see the minimum wage go up .
The Senate minority leader has been campaigning on restoring order to Congress : “ if you did n't want to vote , you should n't have come to the Senate , ” McConnell said in an interview for Sunday 's New York Times magazine . Meanwhile , Grimes has been bashing McConnell for “ voting 17 times against raising the minimum wage ” – and it seems to be working : Real Clear Politics calls the Kentucky Senate race a toss-up .
It 's no wonder that people feel so disconnected from the priorities of their politicians . Kentucky 's median worker makes 88 cents on the dollar compared to the average US worker , facing “ a decade of lost wages ” as wealthy Kentuckians watch their incomes skyrocket . According to that same Memorial Day poll , 71 % of all Americans want to see the minimum wage increased , and 55 % think it should be increased to $ 10.10 an hour or higher .
Yet the minimum wage is not just being held up by Republicans in the south :
As long as politicians like McConnell , Cuomo and Faulconer see a closed-door ballroom of billionaires as their base , they are n't likely to vote to raise the minimum wage , in Congress or in the statehouses , on the left side of the aisle or the right . But nationwide demand needs nationwide action , and now organizers around the country are taking the pay-rate issue out of the hands of elected officials entirely .
Citizens in at least four states and multiple cities will vote on minimum-wage ballot measures this November . Supported by unions , faith groups and a growing , vibrant movement of low-wage workers , these ballot initiatives will offer voters a chance to enact exactly what their elected officials refuse to give them : a raise .
And the states considering a voter-mandated wage hike on Election Day are hardly bastions of liberalism : Alaska , South Dakota , maybe Arkansas and definitely Nebraska , where the governor opposes raising the minimum wage but where it does n't matter anymore – the people affected by wages will now get to decide for themselves .
After all , it has been everyday people who put the issue of low wages back on the agenda this year :
The minimum-wage momentum is finally shifting toward the workers . The mayors of Los Angeles and Chicago want to raise the minimum wage to $ 13 an hour . On a busy Labor Day , incumbents began truly fearing for their political lives , and President Obama said in a speech , “ There is no denying a simple truth : America deserves a raise . ”
Sixty percent of Americans , in a new poll leading up to Labor Day , now say addressing income inequality by increasing the minimum wage to $ 10.10 would have a “ positive ” effect on the economy , and Senate Democrats are reportedly mustering the courage to force another vote . Mitch McConnell not withstanding , it seems that the American people think voting to increase the minimum wage is an extremely important thing for Congress to do – indeed , the least that it could do .
Working people are tired of waiting for Congress to decide which side it 's on . They 're taking action , going out on strike , building power blocs in the workplace , in their cities and states . The minimum wage should be a winning issue this November ; now politicians have to buck their billionaire donors and make it a priority , too .
MI5 list reveals 4,000 Britons joined the fight against facism in the 1930s Spanish Civil War , almost double previous estimates
Hundreds more Britons set out to join the fight against fascism in the Spanish Civil War than was previously thought , newly-released MI5 files show .
Intelligence officials recorded the names of about 4,000 people from Britain and Ireland suspected of travelling to Spain in the 1930s to join the International Brigades battling against General Francisco Franco 's forces .
This is significantly more than the figure of around 2,500 British volunteers generally cited by historians , although it may include some who did not arrive .
Red army : Volunteers from the Independent Labour Party raise their fists in salute as they march to Victoria Station on their way to Barcelona to fight for the Republican forces during the Spanish Civil War
The MI5 files , published online by The National Archives , feature some well-known names , among them the socialist author George Orwell and the trade union leader Jack Jones .
Orwell , listed under their real name Eric Blair , wrote about their experiences defending the Spanish Second Republic against Franco 's military uprising in their classic book Homage to Catalonia .
MI5 , also known as the Security Service , recorded in April 1937 that the writer was 'fighting in Spain ' , and in a fuller entry noted their address , date of birth ( albeit with the wrong year ) and evidence of their left-wing sympathies .
Republicans : Old Etonian George Orwell and Liverpool docker Jack Jones
Intelligence officials cited Orwell 's signing of a 'joint peace manifesto ' and interest in the French communist party while they were living in Paris .
They continued to keep an eye on their activities after they wrote the best-sellers Animal Farm and Nineteen Eighty-Four , and recorded their death in January 1950 .
The newly-digitised MI5 list contains more than 200 pages of names and dates detailing the movements of the men and women who left British ports on their way to the frontline in Spain , as well as a 'roll of honour ' of some of those killed in action .
Atrocity : Ruins in the Spanish town of Guernica after it was attacked by the German Condor Legion supporting the facists during the Spanish Civil War .
James Cronan , diplomatic and colonial records specialist at The National Archives , said : 'The records show that the Security Service tracked the movements of around 4,000 people it believed were trying to travel to Spain to fight with the International Brigades , many more than previously thought .
'It 's not clear how many made it to Spain although we know that hundreds never returned .
'The International Brigades brought volunteers together from all over the world in defence of democracy but few if any records exist of their service . That 's why uncovering a document like this is so exciting . '
This year marks the 75th anniversary of the start of the Spanish Civil War in July 1936 .
The Stanley Hotel in Estes Park , Colorado , is famous for hosting celebrities , politicians and other notable figures over the last century , but perhaps no visitor was more significant than writer Stephen King , whose stay at the 140-room neo-Georgian hotel inspired them to write The Shining . While the movie adaptation was n't filmed at the Stanley , that has n't stopped the hotel from embracing their share of fame in association with the legendary book and 1980 horror film .
Now the Stanley plans to build a 61,500 square foot hedge maze , similar to the backdrop of the heart-pounding final moments in Kubrick 's adaptation . The maze will be built from 1,600 to 2,000 Alpine Currant hedge bushes , and the design will come from a ( free ) public contest . Anyone is invited to submit plans for the maze , they even have templates and detailed instructions about how to create your design . Submissions are open until January 31st , 2015 . ( via Neatorama )
The confounding Lakers lost last night to the Clippers by five after going into the fourth quarter down 16 . The loss dropped them to 15-17 , 11th in a Western Conference that has roughly 11 solid contenders for the playoffs . While the team is still working to develop chemistry and Dwight Howard 's back is clearly still bothering him , the disappointment can scarcely be blamed on injuries any more : the line-up , which , depending on how the rest of Howard 's career plays out , features four likely Hall of Famers and a fifth that was once considered an MVP talent , is fully intact . This is the squad , and it has been since Steve Nash returned on Christmas day . This team , the one that sounded unstoppable before it stepped on the court , has played four games since its Christmas win over the Knicks and gone 1-3 .
Throughout Los Angeles 's struggles , Kobe Bryant has been more Kobe Bryant than ever . He 's averaging as many minutes as they have since the 07-08 season , more points than they have since the season before that , and just under 22 field goal attempts per game , the most in the league by a full attempt . That statistic actually underrates the number of possessions they use each game , because he 's also fourth in the league in free throws attempted per game and tied for fifth in turnovers per game . Their usage rate leads the league . Bryant has been the game 's high-scorer in the Lakers ' last 12 and the Lakers ' high-scorer in their last 14—25 of 32 games overall .
So , a team of all-stars and Hall of Famers which should be formidable has led to Kobe Bryant 's best—or most stubbornly heroic—individual season in a while , and a bad record . Dwight Howard , your thoughts on the crosstown rivals that beat you last night ?
`` Look at the difference between our team and theirs , '' Howard said . `` They just play together . They share the ball . Everybody 's excited when something happens . We have to be like that to be a great team . ''
Howard is currently playing with one of the best distributors of all time in Steve Nash and a brilliant passing big man in Pau Gasol . Tough to figure what 's keeping the ball out of theirs hands .
Advertisement
Maybe Howard could tell Kobe to pass them the ball on Twitter ? They sound receptive—just tag it # mambatweets .
poster= '' http : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201610/743/1155968404_5163487749001_5163488567001-vs.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true 2016 12 most heated moments in an unprecedented debate Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump launch brutal exchanges as the Republican goes for broke .
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton got straight to the point after taking the presidential debate stage Sunday night -- the Republican calling them a `` devil '' and the Democrat saying their opponent owes all Americans an apology for a campaign driven by insulting , degrading comments about women , African-Americans and others .
The debate , coming little more than 48 hours after the release of a recording in which Trump boasted about sexually assaulting women , caps off a weekend that saw senior Republican elected officials , including Sens . John McCain , Kelly Ayotte and John Thune , rescind their support for Trump . Republican leaders , including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Trump 's own running mate , Mike Pence , condemned the remarks .
Story Continued Below
But Trump remained defiant . After stating they will never drop out of the race , and slamming Republican defectors , they have sought to focus on accusations of sexual assault levied at Bill Clinton , who is not running for president .
The town hall style debate is moderated by ABC 's Martha Raddatz and CNN 's Anderson Cooper .
Here are the most interesting moments .
No handshake
Right from the start , the disdain the two nominees have for each other was apparent . As they entered the debate hall to applause , Clinton and Trump did not shake hands . Clinton merely nodded at Trump , who slowed when it became clear that they would not be extending their hand . Then they simply stood , somewhat awkwardly , a few feet apart , as the crowd applauded .
Trump : From sexual assault to ISIS
When Trump was pressed by Anderson Cooper if they had actually done the things they claimed to do in a recently leaked audio — like groping women 's genitals without their consent — Trump responded : “ No , I have not . ”
The declaration came after Trump initially denied having said that they had demonstrated such behavior .
“ No , I did n't say that at all , ” Trump said in response to Cooper 's question about the tape . “ This was locker room talk . ”
“ This is locker room talk , ” Trump repeated over and over .
They then began to list atrocities committed by ISIS , such as beheadings . They then pivoted back to the tape .
“ Yes , I 'm very embarrassed by it , I hate it , but it 's locker room talk , ” Trump said . “ I will knock the hell out of ISIS . ”
Clinton responds to the video
“ I spent a lot of time thinking over the last 48 hours about what we heard and saw , ” Clinton said in response to Trump 's comments . “ You know , with prior Republican nominees for president , I disagreed with them on politics , policies and principles , but I never quiet their fitness to serve . Donald Trump is different . ”
Trump 's comments , Clinton went on , “ represent who they are . ”
They then went on to note other groups Trump has targeted with vitriol .
“ It 's not only women , ” Clinton said . “ Because they have also targeted immigrants , African-Americans , Latinos , people with disabilities , POWs , Muslims and so many others . So this is who Donald Trump is . ”
Trump lays Bill 's alleged behavior at Clinton 's feet
It did not take Trump long to invoke allegations of sexual assault against Bill Clinton , who is not running for president .
“ Never anyone in the history of politics in the nation that has been so abusive to women , ” Trump said of Bill Clinton . “ Bill Clinton was abusive to women . ”
“ Hillary Clinton attacked those same women viciously , four of them here tonight , ” Trump said . Trump invited four women to attend , including three who had accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault . The other was raped when they were 12 years-old by a man who was defended in court by a young Hillary Clinton .
“ I think it 's disgraceful and they should be ashamed of themselves if you want to know the truth , ” Trump said .
Clinton : It 's about Trump , not Bill
Clinton ignored Trump 's broadsides against their husband , who is not a candidate for president .
“ First let me start by saying that so much of what they just said is not right , but they get to run their campaign any way they choose , ” Clinton said . “ He gets to decide what they want to talk about instead of answering people 's questions and laying out the plans that we think can make a better and a better country . That 's their choice . When I hear something like that , I am reminded of what my friend Michelle Obama advised us all . When they go low , you go high . ”
They went on to say that Trump never apologizes , including for their lie about the president 's birthplace .
Trump : Clinton is “ the devil ”
Trump shot back that Clinton is the one who should apologize for the birther lie , and then stated that Michelle Obama is not actually Clinton 's friend .
They said Barack Obama beat Clinton fairly in the 2008 Democratic primary , but that Clinton won by cheating during the primary in 2016 . They then said they were surprised that Sen. Bernie Sanders , Clinton 's 2016 opponent , supported “ the devil . ”
Trump : I will appoint a special prosecutor to go after you if I win
If Trump is elected , they said , they will appoint a special prosecutor with the aim of putting Clinton in prison for their actions related to keeping a private email server during their time as secretary of state . The use of the server was investigated by the FBI , which decided not to press charges .
“ I did n't know I would say this , but I 'm going to and I hate to say it , ” Trump said . “ If I win , I am going to instruct my Attorney General to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation . There has never been so many lies , so much exception . There has never been anything like it . We will have a special prosecutor . ”
“ You should be ashamed , ” Trump repeated .
Clinton called Trump 's accusations “ absolutely false . ”
“ It 's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country , ” Clinton said .
Trump fired back : `` Because you would be in jail . ”
Trump : Muslim ban has “ morphed ”
Trump 's proposal to ban all Muslims from entering the United States has “ morphed into extreme vetting from certain areas of the world , ” Trump said when pressed about the proposal .
“ It 's called extreme vetting , ” Trump repeated , when pressed by Raddatz about whether the so-called Muslim ban had been lifted .
The declaration came after a sharp exchange about the treatment of Muslims in the United States .
“ How will you help people like me deal with the consequences of being labeled a threat to the country after the election is over ? ” an audience member , who said they are a Muslim , asked the candidates .
Islamaphobia , Trump said , “ is a shame. ” But they went on to say that “ there is a problem ” and that people should stop being so “ politically correct . ''
Muslims , they went on to say , need to report the planning of terrorist acts .
“ We have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on , ” Trump said . “ When they see hatred going on , they have to report it . ”
Trump then hit Clinton for not using the phrase “ radical Islamic terrorism . ”
“ We are not at war with Islam , ” Clinton said . “ And it is a mistake and it plays in to the hands of terrorists to act like we are . ”
Trump : “ Of course ” I used 1990s loss to duck taxes
Trump acknowledged for the first time that they used a nearly $ 1 billion loss in the mid-1990s to avoid paying personal federal income tax for nearly two decades .
“ Of course I do , ” Trump said when asked by Cooper if they used the loss to avoid paying personal income taxes . “ I absolutely used it . ”
Trump declined to say how many years they have gone without paying personal federal income taxes .
Clinton : Putin wants Trump
Clinton repeatedly asserted that the Russian government is actively working to influence the American presidential election to ensure Trump is elected . The assertion comes after intelligence officials said they believe the Russian government was involved in the hacking of Democratic National Committee emails .
“ We have never in the history of our country been in a situation where an adversary…is working so hard to influence the outcome of the elections and they are not doing it to get me elected , ” Clinton said . “ They are doing it to influence the election for Donald Trump . ”
Trump said they would like the United States to have a constructive relationship with Russia , and denied that the Russian government was involved in the hack .
Trump : Pence does n't speak for me
Trump was pressed on whether they agree with Mike Pence 's statement last week that Russian military aggression in Syria needs to be met with American military strikes against the Assad regime in Syria .
“ He and I have n't spoken , and I disagree , ” Trump said .
“ Right now , Syria is fighting ISIS , ” Trump added , seeming to endorse the Syrian government 's military actions in the country .
Trump : Clinton is hateful
“ She has tremendous hate in their heart , ” Trump said of Clinton . “ She 's got tremendous hatred . ”
Trump castigated Clinton for their comment that half of their supporters belong in a “ basket of deplorables. ” Clinton noted that they had walked back the statement quickly .
“ I apologized because my argument is not with their supporters , it 's with him , ” Clinton said , “ and the divisive campaign they have run and the inciting of violence at their rallies and the very brutal comments about not just women , but all Americans . ”
Red Peter , the learned ape in Kafka 's devastating “ Report to an Academy , ” dreams , above all else , of a “ way out , ” and to watch footage of the young Nim at play and in confinement is to infer that they must have known a similar longing . Unlike the Kafka character , however , this educated primate never acquired enough words to tell us their story , and so “ Project Nim ” relies on human interlocutors , some of whom cared about Nim a great deal , almost all of whom wind up telling us more about themselves .
Video
They are a remarkable collection , often at odds and sometimes in bed with one another , with Nim as their pawn , rival or surrogate child as well as the blank slate on which they inscribe their fantasies and intellectual conceits . Dr. Terrace , speaking with precision and detachment in present-day interviews , is either resigned to being the film 's designated villain or oblivious to being set up for that role . Their former colleagues , some of them also former lovers , do n't have much good to say , and the '70s footage , showing an academic dandy with a comb-over , a BMW and a Burt Reynolds mustache , is hardly flattering .
For the first few years of Nim 's life , Dr. Terrace was the master of their fate , though not always a significant presence in the chimp 's day-to-day routine . After leaving Oklahoma , Nim was installed in the home of Stephanie LaFarge , where they became part of a household that included seven children , at least one dog and Ms. LaFarge 's husband , a poet and “ rich hippie ” who appears to have been Nim 's romantic rival .
Ms. LaFarge , an open and genial interview subject , drops a few casual bombshells testifying to what the psychobabble of our own time might call boundary issues . “ It was the '70s , ” their now grown-up daughter Jenny Lee says , but even then , and even on the Upper West Side , it might have been a bit unusual for a woman to breastfeed a baby chimpanzee .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
After a while , Nim was transferred to an estate in Riverdale , cared for and tutored by young people — most of them women — who come before Mr. Marsh 's camera in middle age to recall the pleasures and dangers of working with their spirited simian charge . It is hard not to be charmed by the affection that passes between these humans and the chimp , or to appreciate what seems to be a reciprocated effort at communication . But at the same time it is difficult to avoid a certain queasiness at the sight of a wild creature forcibly and irrevocably alienated from their nature — dressed in clothes , tethered and caged , smoking a joint out in the woods with their pals . You laugh , sometimes , to force the lump out of your throat .
There is no doubt that Nim was exploited , and also no doubt that they were loved . Mr. Marsh , by allowing those closest to Nim plenty of room to explain themselves , examines the moral complexity of this story without didacticism . They allow the viewer , alternately appalled , touched and fascinated , to be snagged on some of its ethical thorns . They also engage in a bit of manipulation , using sleight-of-hand re-enactments and Dickon Hinchliffe 's nerve-rackingly melodramatic score to sensationalize a drama that hardly requires it .
Mr. Marsh , whose last documentary was the lovely , Oscar-winning “ Man on Wire , ” is a patient listener and an able storyteller , but the subject of “ Project Nim ” is so rich and strange that it might have benefited from the hand of a wilder , bolder filmmaker . An obsessive like Errol Morris or Werner Herzog might have pushed beyond pathos and curiosity , deeper into the literal no man 's land that lies between us and our estranged animal relations . But it is also possible that our language and our science do not equip us to understand the truth about Nim — or the truth about us that they may have discovered through years of rigorous , involuntary research .
“ Project Nim ” is rated PG-13 ( Parents strongly cautioned ) . Strong language , drug use , sexual references and depictions of animal suffering .
PROJECT NIM
Opens on Friday in New York and Chicago .
Directed by James Marsh ; based on the book “ Nim Chimpsky : The Chimp Who Would Be Human ” by Elizabeth Hess ; director of photography , Michael Simmonds ; edited by Jinx Godfrey ; music by Dickon Hinchliffe ; produced by Simon Chinn ; released by Roadside Attractions/HBO Documentary Films . Running time : 1 hour 33 minutes .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Star Wars : The Last Jedi is giving us a ton of vehicles , new and familiar , from returning classics like the A-Wings , or the First Order 's hulking new assault Walkers . But one new vehicle just revealed is already turning heads : Kylo Ren 's sleek new personal starfighter , the TIE Silencer .
Revealed on the Star Wars Show today , the Silencer—also known as the Sienar Fleet Systems Jaemus TIE V/N Space Superiority Fighter , just so you know—will be Kylo Ren 's personal craft in the film , having ditched their command shuttle from The Force Awakens . Bearing more than a passing resemblance to the Empire 's classic TIE Interceptor , the Silencer looks like a much harsher , bulkier upgrade of the infamously speedy ship , touting both blaster cannons and a battery of missiles to blow Resistance scum up with .
Advertisement
The design really does hammer home the classic TIE elements—not just the Interceptor that first appeared in the Battle of Endor in Return of the Jedi , but also in the bulky hull and massive wing pieces of Darth Vader 's TIE Advanced from A New Hope . Makes sense , considering just how much like their grandpa Kylo wants to be .
Star Wars : The Last Jedi hits theaters December 15 .
Note : An earlier version of this article included certain images and details , and have been removed per request .
If lying evolved as a fitness strategy , can we believe anything an evolutionist says ?
In their blog entry “ The Evolution of Lying ” on The Conversation , Rob Brooks , a professor of Evolutionary Ecology and Director of the Evolution & Ecology Research Centre at University of New South Wales , gave half-hearted credit to a new theory on deception as a by-product of the evolution of cooperation . The open-access paper by two Irish evolutionists , Luke McNally and Andrew L. Jackson , was published by the Royal Society this week . It posits lying as an evolutionary strategy :
Our results suggest that the evolution of conditional strategies may , in addition to promoting cooperation , select for astute cheating and associated psychological abilities . Ultimately , our ability to convincingly lie to each other may have evolved as a direct result of our cooperative nature .
Brooks agrees that lying evolved , but feels the model of McNally and Jackson is too simplistic . “ I would like to see if it can help us understand the fine-scale tensions between cooperation and dishonesty in human affairs , ” they said . “ There is a lot more to lying than simply misrepresenting the world. ” The liar can deceive themselves as well , for instance , in order to make the lie more believable .
From there , Brooks considered Sam Harris 's short e-book Lying , in which Harris advocates we all try to do better at overcoming our evolutionary tendencies , “ arguing we can both simplify our own lives and build better societies by telling the truth in situations when we might be tempted to lie. ” Here 's how Brooks concludes all this discussion about lies and truth ( bold added , italics in original ) :
Harris gets bottom-up processes and the conflict between individual benefits and group functioning . Their book is worth a read for their impassioned argument that each of us , as individuals , would benefit from resisting the urge to lie .
I 'm not convinced . What would help right now is some theoretic and empirical evidence that showed the conditions under which Harris ' prescriptions might work . And that 's the beauty of papers like today 's one from McNally and Jackson .
Irrespective , a better understanding of how lying evolves , no matter how simple , might do enormous social good .
For one thing it might help constrain the worst dishonesties in politics , public relations and propaganda .
The question none of them are considering is , if lying evolved , and if self-deception is possible , and if deception can be very convincing , how are the readers to know who is telling the truth ?
Imagine a liar so skilled , they convince their listeners that they are 100 % against the worst dishonesties in politics , public relations and propaganda . They tell you they want to achieve enormous social good to provide a better understanding of how lying evolves . Now , add to it that they are self-deceived . Does n't their credibility implode ? How could one possibly believe a word they say ?
Brooks has the Yoda complex . So do McNally and Jackson . They believe they can look down on the rest of humanity from some exalted plane free of the evolutionary forces that afflict the rest of humanity . No ; they need to climb down and join the world their imaginations have created . In the evolutionary world , there is no essential difference between cooperation and deception . It 's only a matter of which side is in the majority at the moment .
To see this , consider a majority of humans in a population that are self-deceived and believe that by giving magic Kool-Aid to the defectors , laced with cyanide , they will help them become cooperators . The few defectors in that situation who try to stop them would be perceived by the majority as the real liars and non-cooperators . By what standard would anyone in this Darwinian world know the difference between truth and lies ?
Having no eternal standard of truth , the evolutionary world collapses into power struggles . The appeals by Brooks and Sam Harris to try to “ resist our temptations to lie ” are meaningless . How can anyone overcome what evolution has built into them ? How can either of them know what is true ?
Since all these evolutionists believe that lying evolved as a fitness strategy , and since they are unable to distinguish between truth and lies , they essentially confess to lying themselves . Their readers are therefore justified in considering them deceivers , and dismissing everything they say , including the notion that lying evolved .
An even stupider notion came out of the Association for Psychological Science . This is the evolutionary story that “ political motivations may have evolutionary links to physical strength ” ( see also Science Daily with its photo of a guy flexing their bicep ) . A group of Darwine-drunk psychologists are trying to convince the world that “ Men 's upper-body strength predicts their political opinions on economic redistribution. ” According to them , “ an evolutionary perspective may help to illuminate political motivations , at least those of men. ” Strong men oppose redistribution of wealth , namby-pamby men and women support it , they claim . It 's not clear if they intended to impugn Obama 's masculinity this way , and those of all their staff , but it does n't really matter how many biceps they measured in their survey of political opinions . ( Exercise : list exceptions to their “ rule ” from world history . ) You know their whole premise is false from their comment , “ This is among the first studies to show that political views may be rational in another sense , in that they 're designed by natural selection to function in the conditions recurrent over human evolutionary history. ” OK , their point is ? If physical strength is a measure of fitness “ designed ” by natural selection , then anti-redistributionism is a measure of fitness , too . Get the wimps out of the way ! They 're impeding evolutionary progress . Is n't “ self-interest ” the highest good in Darwinism ? We wo n't belabor the misconception of conservatism they presented , because they already defeated their credibility by calling natural selection “ rational. ” Readers are justified in dismissing everything these quacks say , too , if they had any inclination left to trust the word of “ evolutionary psychologists ” about anything .
( Visited 318 times , 1 visits today )
RoboRally is one of my favorite boardgames , and yet , I 've never before heard of RICOCHET ROBOTS ! How is that possible , you may ask ? Shut up and play this game with me , I would respond . Why ? Because you can play this game with AS MANY PEOPLE AS YOU PLEASE .
Having a house party with one hundred guests ? Break out the cocktail weenies because we 're all gon na play Ricochet Robots . All the players have to bid against each other to see who can move these little colorful robotic bastards around the customizable board to pick up colored chips ( the cocktail weenies of the robot world ) in the fewest amount of moves .
Sounds to me like this is a freakin ' sweet-ass puzzle game . I will enjoy winning against all my friends . At life . Because I have this awesome game .
Thanks threnody_42 ! This is a fantastic gift , and you yourself are super awesome .
10 Steps To Protect The Admin Area In WordPress
Smashing Newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our editors ' picks twice a month . Your email Subscribe →
The administration area of a Web application is a favorite target of hackers and thus particularly well protected . The same goes for WordPress : when creating a blog , the system creates an administrative user with a perfectly secure password and blocks public access to the settings area with a log-in page . This is the cornerstone of its protection .
The administration area of a Web application is a favorite target of hackers and thus particularly well protected . The same goes for WordPress : when creating a blog , the system creates an administrative user with a perfectly secure password and blocks public access to the settings area with a log-in page . This is the cornerstone of its protection . Let 's dig deeper !
This article focuses on defending the administration area of WordPress , meaning all those pages in the wp-admin folder ( or http : //www.yourblog.com/wp-admin/ ) that are displayed after a user a verified . We highlighted the phrase “ after a user is verified ” deliberately : it should be explicitly understood that only a simple query stands in the way of an evil hacker and the powerful admin area of your whole blog . The latter is only as strong as the passwords that are generated .
You might be interested in the following related posts :
To make an attack more difficult , you should perform the following actions manually . These solutions do not guarantee 100 % security , but you can create effective stumbling blocks on a hacker 's way to the administration area .
Meet Smashing Book 6 — our brand-new book focused on real challenges and real front-end solutions in the real world : from design systems and accessible single-page apps to CSS Custom Properties , CSS Grid , Service Workers , performance , AR/VR and responsive art direction . With Marcy Sutton , Yoav Weiss , Lyza D. Gardner , Laura Elizabeth and many others . Table of Contents →
1 . Rename and Upload the wordpress Folder
Since version 2.6 , it has been possible to change the path of the wp-content directory . Unfortunately , this is still not possible for the wp-admin directory . Security-minded bloggers will just have to accept this fact and hope that this protection of their blog will be made possible in future versions . Until then , the following recipe is a comparable alternative . Upon extracting the zipped WordPress files , you 'll see a folder named Wordpress . This folder should be renamed ( ideally to something cryptic ) , and , after also adjusting the wp-config.php file , uploaded to the root directory of the domain .
What does this change accomplish ?
First , the files will no longer be loose in the main directory , thus increasing the clarity of the root level . Other files and folders will be found quicker .
Secondly , many WordPress instances can now be created and can be put parallel to each other without interfering with other system files and settings , making it perfect for testing and development .
The third advantage actually speaks to security : the admin area ( and the blog itself ) is no longer in the root domain and must first be found by robots . It wo n't be easy to find the path of this relocated log-in page , at least for a human . Until then , this change will protect your blog .
Note : If the system files of a WordPress blog are no longer in the main directory , and the name of the installation 's main folder has been changed ( as recommended above ) , the blog can still be accessed from http : //example.com . How ? In the WordPress address ( URL ) field under the general settings , include the path of the renamed folder . For example , if the unzipped Wordpress folder is renamed to wordpress_live_Ts6K , enter the path as http : //example.com/wordpress_live_Ts6K .
Your blog address will remain beautiful and not distracting .
2 . Extend the file wp-config.php
The WordPress configuration file wp-config.php contains settings and access data for the database . But security-related values can also be found in the file . The following definitions must be in the wp-config.php file ( but may not be ) and should be added or modified :
Security keys : Since WordPress 2.7 , WordPress has had four kinds of security keys , which must be set up properly . WordPress saves you from having to come up the strings yourself by generating the lines of security keys automatically . You just have to implement these security keys in your configuration file . These keys are essential to the safety of your installed blog .
: Since WordPress 2.7 , WordPress has had four kinds of security keys , which must be set up properly . WordPress saves you from having to come up the strings yourself by generating the lines of security keys automatically . You just have to implement these security keys in your configuration file . These keys are essential to the safety of your installed blog . The table prefix of a newly created WordPress installation should not be the standard _wp__ . The more cryptic the word , the less likely an intrusion into the MySQL database tables will occur . Bad : _ $ table_prefix = ‘ wp ' ; . Much better : _ $ table_prefix = ‘ wp4FZ52Y ' ; . This value is assigned only once and you do n't have to remember it because it has an internal function .
of a newly created WordPress installation should not be the standard _wp__ . The more cryptic the word , the less likely an intrusion into the MySQL database tables will occur . Bad : _ $ table_prefix = ‘ wp ' ; . Much better : _ $ table_prefix = ‘ wp4FZ52Y ' ; . This value is assigned only once and you do n't have to remember it because it has an internal function . If the server has SSL encryption available , it is recommended to encrypt the administration area . This can be done by adding the following command to the wp-config.php file : _define ( 'FORCE_SSLADMIN ' , true ) ;
available , it is recommended to encrypt the administration area . This can be done by adding the following command to the wp-config.php file : _define ( 'FORCE_SSLADMIN ' , true ) ; In addition , you can adjust other system settings in the configuration file . A clear and comprehensive list of settings for greater safety and performance can be found in the WordPress Codex .
3 . Move the wp-config.php file
Also since version 2.6 , WordPress allows you to move the wp-config.php file to a higher level . Because this system file contains by far more sensitive information than any other , and because it is difficult to access the parent file server level , it certainly makes sense to store it outside of the actual installation . WordPress automatically looks at the highest underlying index for the configuration settings file . Any attempt by users to adjust the path is thus useless .
4 . Protect the wp-config.php file
Not all ISPs , though , allow you to transfer data to a higher level than the main directory . Administrators can not always execute the previous step if they do not have this privilege . In this case , external access to the wp-config.php file can be excluded via the .htaccess file .
It is important to make sure that the .htaccess file , with this built-in protection , shares the same directory as the wp-config.php file . Incidentally , this technique would also be useful if you use multiple WordPress installations but are not allowed to relocate the relevant configuration files .
5 . Delete the admin User Account
When WordPress is installed , an administrator acount with the username admin is automatically created , without any options set . This is a well-intended gesture by WordPress , but a default user with administrative rights and an assigned ID of # 1 is an easy target for hackers . In an attack , only the password of this user would have to be broken . Hence our advice :
Create another administrator in the admin area . Log out of the back end . Log in as the new user . Delete the old admin from the user list .
A second user gives greater security : that name will be displayed in all future published articles and commentaries , and the name of the actual administrator will never be displayed on blog pages and therefore never communicated to the outside world .
6 . Choose strong passwords
The probability and frequency of attack increases in proportion to the popularity of the blog . And when the back end of a WordPress blog is skillfully attacked , you have to be sure there are no weak links in the chain of security .
More often than not , passwords are the weakest link in this chain . The reason ? The way that passwords are usually handled or chosen is too reckless . Numerous studies show that miserably vast numbers of passwords contain too few characters and are too easily guessed .
WordPress responded to this problem with an intuitive indicator , based on a traffic-light visual , that displays the strength of a user 's desired password . Inexplicably , though , this tool is only available for existing profiles ( found under Settings > Users > Your profile ) . If the administrator creates new users , then password strength is not communicated visually .
Our recommendation for a secure WordPress password is that it be at least seven characters long and include uppercase and lowercase characters , numbers and symbols such as ! ” ? $ % ^ & ) .
7 . Protect the wp-admin Directory
Adhering to the motto “ Two are better than one , ” the administration area is equipped with additional password protection . The query ( in WordPress otherwise responsible for Permalinks ) is handled by .htaccess , which is stored in the wp-admin folder along with .htpasswd . After making this change , the browser will ask for the data stored in .htaccess . This can be different for each blog author or the same for everyone .
Note : the Htaccess and Htpasswd generator helps to create the necessary files with desired values .
8 . Suppress Error Feedback on the Log-In Page
The log-in page of a WordPress installation is the door to the administration area . The administration area is only accessible upon error-free verification . Until successfully logging in , visitors — whether good or bad — have countless attempts to enter the correct data in the log-in fields . In case of a failed attempt , WordPress communicates to the user what the problem might be .
When troubleshooting , WordPress is really fussy and provides a unique , meaningful message for each error . So if a user name is typed incorrectly , that will be communicated . If the password is wrong , that will be also communicated . This is a comfort for the user and a blessing for the thief . Unintentionally , WordPress provides valuable feedback to the bad boys who are trying to access your data . It 's just a matter of time until they gain access to the back end .
A simple one-liner solves this problem cleverly : The output of the error on the log-in page is simply blocked to looters . This code goes in the functions.php file of your theme :
add_filter ( ‘ login_errors ' , create_function ( ‘ $ a ' , “ return null ; ” ) ) ;
9 . Restrict Erroneous Log-In Attempts
WordPress keeps no record of failed attempts to log in , much to the detriment of the blog administrator , who does n't see the insidious attack coming and so ca n't gather the tools to combat the threat . Is there a way out of this dilemma ?
Two solutions exist : Login LockDown and Limit Login Attempts . Upon being installed , they record all log-in attempts . Furthermore , both extensions can lock out visitors for a specified time after a certain number of failed attempts . Thus , robots and hackers are limited in the scale of their attack .
The extensions are free and compatible with WordPress 2.7 .
Finally , the following should be stated : WordPress developers are very fast and react immediately to vulnerabilities in WordPress . Keep your installations up to date . Since version 2.7 , available updates are just a click away . The same goes for plug-ins !
And remember : less is more . As an administrator , you should ensure that only the extensions that are necessary are active in your installation . Every plug-in is a potential risk and should be inactive or , better yet , removed if it is not needed .
The end appears to have come for one of Sydney 's most iconic LGBTIQ venues . After a difficult few months that included two 72-hour closure orders by the Office of Liquor , Gaming and Racing on drug-related offences , The Imperial Hotel in Erskineville was this week sold to new owners , who intend to reinvent the venue as a high-end restaurant .
According to Gay News Network , former owner Shadd Danesi has sold the troubled venue to Fraser Short and Scott Leach , who between them operate a number of sites around town including The Morrison , Watson 's Bay Hotel and Rose of Australia . The pair told the news service that the hotel would remain closed for the next few months while they locked down plans for its future , and have promised to consult with members of the local LGBTIQ community .
`` We recognise the Imperial 's importance to the LGBTIQ community and we will be reaching out to the community in coming months as we try to create something unique and special with the venue , whilst acknowledging its LGBTIQ heritage , '' said Leach .
The sale was apparently inked for around $ 6.5 million , and the duo plans to commit an additional $ 3 million for renovations . `` We are injecting funds immediately to start creating a modern food and beverage option for the venue , '' said Short . `` This will include the introduction of a custom kitchen and high-end restaurant business to meet the local community demand . ''
A stalwart LGBTIQ venue for the past 13 years , and one the stars from 1994 's iconic to film The Adventures of Priscilla , Queen of the Desert , The Imperial ran into troubled earlier this year when Danesi leased the venue to Spice Group International , who previously ran the Spice Cellar in Martin Place . Police raided the premises in June , leading to the first 72-hour closure after staff members were alleged to have been caught using illicit drugs . The venue was again closed in July , and has remained that way ever since .
Via GNN .
Image : J Bar , Wikimedia Commons .
Published on August 28 , 2015 by Tom Clift
Advertisement
Advertisement
On March 31st , 2015 , NEM.io Foundation officially launched the first peer-to-peer smart asset platform . The company built their unique system from the ground up with blockchain technology . NEM started as a nonprofit organization in Singapore and supports businesses of all sizes on their evolving platform . In addition to operating a multi-functional network , NEM 's cryptocurrency ( XEM ) is the 7th largest by market capitalization worldwide .
According to live statistics from Coinmarketcap.com , XEM has a market capitalization of $ 1.9 billion . Bitcoin ( BTC ) is the largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization of just under $ 74 billion , followed by Ethereum ( ETH ) with $ 29 billion . Cryptocurrencies , in general , are more than just a new trend .
Advertisement
A single Bitcoin today is worth $ 4,450 , and even on a bad day , you 're looking at well over $ 3,000 per coin . According to a report from CNBC in July , the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission approved digital currency-trading platform LedgerX for clearing derivatives . Although it is n't the first platform to offer Bitcoin options , it is the first to offer options regulated by the CFTC .
Government groups and big banks use blockchain technology to securely manage financial data
It 's no secret that your private information is n't safe online . Identity theft gets worse by an average of 16 percent every year , and even today with the latest technologies and security practices it 's a serious problem .
Advertisement
Top Videos of the Day
USA Today claims an estimated 15.4 million consumers were hit with some kind of identity theft last year . In early August , the personal records of at least 143 million Americans were hacked from Equifax , a Major consumer credit reporting agency . Social security numbers , legal names , birthdates , and credit card numbers were compromised , and Equifax is unable to confirm the exact number of accounts that were breached . Distributed ledger technology is being considered as a possible security solution to prevent future fraudulent activities . Blockchain technologies are already a major component of government groups and financial institutions across the globe . Businesses in Singapore , USA , Japan , and Canada are among the first adopters .
Advertisement
A consortium in Singapore collaborates using blockchain technology
The Infocomm Media Development Authority ( IMDA ) , Singapore 's information communications and media regulator , and several major banks completed a proof-of-concept for a Know Your Customer ( KYC ) blockchain on Tuesday this week . Banking giant HSBC , OCBC Bank , and Japan 's largest bank – Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group participated in the consortium . Pranav Seth , the head of e-business at OCBC Bank , stated “ This partnership fans the spirit of cooperation among competitors as well as regulatory and government bodies , and we hope this will help foster and inspire more of such collaborative innovation initiatives . '' The KYC Blockchain will be used to record , access and share information among participating banks across a distributed network . Banks will be able to register , share , and verify consumer information securely and instantaneously . Other government registries , tax authorities , and credit bureaus can also instantly validate encrypted data . The KYC blockchain is one of many successful projects that benefit from using NEM 's blockchain technology .
Hundreds Show Up to Block Protests at Bombing Victim 's Funeral
The Westboro Baptist Church has said it will picket outside of victim Krystle Campbell 's services .
Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning — great with coffee !
So far , the Westboro Baptist Church has n't followed through with their threats to picket memorial services and ceremonies held for the victims and families impacted by the Boston Marathon bombings . But another group of locals showed up in Medford on Monday—just in case—and formed a human shield to block them .
According to a press release distributed by members of the Westboro Baptist Church , the group was going to protest outside of St. Joseph 's in Medford , where funeral services for Krystle Campbell started at 10 a.m. Monday . Campbell , 29 , was one of three people killed in the bombings last week .
In a statement , the church group , notorious for blaming catastrophes and the deaths of innocent people on “ God 's wrath ” because President Barack Obama supports same-sex marriage , protesters were going to “ picket the memorial ” with large signs .
“ [ President Obama ] is chiefly to blame for bringing down the wrath of God on Boston , on Massachusetts , and the USA … WBC will remind you at every opportunity that God is your enemy , ” the group said .
On Sunday , April 21 , members of Teamsters Local 25 issued a press release promising to block such protests outside of the funeral services for Campbell by forming a human wall . Local 25 President Sean O'Brien asked all off-duty Teamsters to participate . “ Teamsters Local 25 will be out in full force [ Monday ] morning at St. Joseph 's Church in Medford to form a human shield and block the Westboro Baptist Church from protesting the funeral of Krystle Campbell . The Campbell family and friends have already endured immeasurable amounts of heartache and tragedy this week , and deserve a peaceful funeral with time to grieve privately , ” said O'Brien . “ Westboro Baptist Church should understand that we will go to great lengths to make sure they do n't protest any funerals of the victims of the past week 's tragedies , and that those we lost receive a proper burial . ”
As of 10 a.m. there was no word if members of the Westboro Baptist Church showed up , however , hundreds of people from the union were present if , at any time , the church group arrived . “ Hundreds of Teamsters formed a solid wall on the suburban roadway approaching the church . They stood silent guard as mourners drove slowly by on the way to the 11 a.m. funeral service , ” the group said on their website .
Supporters pulled a similar move last week when Obama visited Boston to speak at a memorial service in the South End , just days after the attack . Members of the WBC promised to show up with signs , but never did . Regardless , roughly 1,000 people dressed in all black came to the aid of the city and held a silent protest in case the members followed through .
Tiny casket symbolizes new low for Oakland crime
Grandmother Dolores Padilla is comforted by family and friends at the service for 16-month-old shooting victim Drew Jackson at Fuller Funeral Home in Oakland . Grandmother Dolores Padilla is comforted by family and friends at the service for 16-month-old shooting victim Drew Jackson at Fuller Funeral Home in Oakland . Photo : Lacy Atkins , The Chronicle Photo : Lacy Atkins , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Tiny caskets symbolizes new low for Oakland crime 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
It was the size of the casket that shook Demarco Coney .
Coney , 19 , stood near a wall inside an Oakland funeral home Friday and considered the contents of the open box from a distance : 16-month-old Drew Jackson , dressed in a sweater with white and teal stripes , white pants and white shoes .
`` Funerals do n't even hit me anymore , '' said Coney , Drew 's uncle , who grew up in Richmond and Oakland before they moved to Benicia this year .
`` I 'm not trying to be cold-hearted , but I 've been to so many it 's just routine , and it 's got to be a special cause for me to come now , '' Coney said . `` But I 've never seen a casket that little before . ''
In an audience that included Mayor Jean Quan , more than 125 family and community members gathered to remember `` Baby Drew . '' They were slain Aug. 7 along with their father , 20-year-old Andrew Thomas , after someone fired bullets into a bedroom where they slept .
Police have made no arrests , yet Drew 's murder has come to symbolize a breathtaking new low for criminals who carry out brazen acts in a city with an understaffed police force and the state 's highest violent crime rate .
`` Whoever did this is a coward , '' said Bishop Joseph E. Simmons , who called on young men in the audience to stop allowing peers to settle disputes with guns . `` Until you chase these cowards out of our community , this is not going to stop . ''
Mourners remembered Drew , a cherubic-faced boy whose life began March 29 , 2012 . They shared stories about their wild laughing fits , their bushy hair and their potty training gone wrong .
A video montage of photos included many taken in the hours after they were born at Alta Bates Medical Center in Berkeley .
`` He did n't have a name two hours after they were born , '' said Margaret Carroll , Drew 's aunt . `` So we called them 'Hairy No Name . ' ``
Outside the funeral home , Drew 's great-uncle , 22-year-old Julius Johnson , said both of the deaths had left them feeling empty . He , too , spoke of attending too many memorials .
`` You grow a certain numbness inside after a while , '' Johnson said . `` There are not many tears right now because the realization just is n't there yet . ''
Thomas had been visiting Oakland from Fresno to attend a friend 's birthday party , but decided to extend their stay after their 18-year-old cousin , Al Rivera , was shot and killed in East Oakland on Aug. 3 .
Rivera 's funeral was held Thursday and attended by many of the same people who gathered a day later .
Coney , whose sister is the baby 's mother , Alicia Jackson , said they were unsure if they would attend the final funeral - the one for Thomas , scheduled for Tuesday .
`` It 's not supposed to be like this , '' they said . `` It 's out of order . ''
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Kushner appears before the Senate on Monday and the House on Tuesday
President Donald Trump 's son-in-law has said neither they nor anyone in the Trump campaign team colluded with Russian officials over the US election .
Jared Kushner said they had no improper contacts and did not rely on Russian funds to finance business activities .
Mr Kushner released their opening statement ahead of giving testimony before a Senate panel on Monday .
The Senate , the House and a special counsel are all investigating Russian interference in the election .
Mr Kushner , 36 , is a senior adviser to the president and was in charge of the Trump campaign 's digital strategy . They are married to Mr Trump 's daughter , Ivanka .
Mr Kushner , who keeps a very low media profile , was due to attend a closed-door session on Monday before the Senate Intelligence Committee , and then appear before the House version on Tuesday .
In the statement to both congressional committees they released on Monday , they say : `` I did not collude , nor know of anyone else in the campaign who colluded , with any foreign government . ''
`` With respect to my contacts with Russia or Russian representatives during the campaign , there were hardly any , '' they say . At the end of the statement they speak of `` perhaps four contacts with Russian representatives '' both during the campaign and after .
They do refer to a meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya in June last year . They had allegedly promised damaging material on Hillary Clinton .
Mr Kushner said they arrived late at the meeting , realised little of note was being discussed and that it was `` time not well-spent '' .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC 's Sarah Rainsford tries to get Russian pop star Emin Agalarov to comment on their links to Donald Trump .
They said : `` I actually emailed an assistant from the meeting after I had been there for 10 or so minutes and wrote 'Can u pls call me on my cell ? Need excuse to get out of meeting ' . ''
Mr Trump Jr said former campaign chief Paul Manafort was also at the meeting and that no compromising material on Mrs Clinton was provided .
Analysis : An exercise in caution
Anthony Zurcher , BBC North America reporter
In their Senate testimony Jared Kushner says they have nothing to hide and is `` happy '' to share information with those investigating possible Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential campaign .
Their written statement , however , is an exercise in caution and lawyerly discretion . They address only the controversies already in the public sphere , then offers their explanation for why they are no big deal .
They receive hundreds of emails a day and did n't read their brother-in-law 's forwarded message that said the Russian government wanted to help the Trump campaign .
Reports of an effort to set up back-channel communications with Russia after the election were a halted effort to get information about Syria from Russian generals .
They met with an influential Russian banker because the Russian ambassador - whose name they could n't initially remember - was so persistent .
The incomplete security form was the result of a `` miscommunication '' with an assistant who submitted it too soon .
Beyond that , there are no new revelations ; no new disclosures . If what 's already out is all there is , Mr Kushner and their lawyers have done their best to defuse the bombs . When walking in a minefield , it 's the ones you do n't know about that pose the greatest risk .
One matter on which Mr Kushner may face a grilling is their security clearance declaration , as they accept they failed initially to reveal their contacts with Russians .
They say the first form , a `` rough draft that still had many omissions '' , was filed by an assistant in error on 18 January and that declarations on their foreign contacts , not just with Russians , were added over the next six months `` in the normal course '' .
Mr Kushner on their meetings with Russians :
Image copyright Reuters
Ambassador Sergei Kislyak ( above ) . Brief meeting of `` pleasantries '' in April 2016 in Washington . Meeting at Trump Tower on 1 December . Discussed Syria and trying to improve relations . Mr Kushner insists they did not suggest a `` secret back channel '' for communication or discuss sanctions . Mr Kislyak 's term ended on Saturday
( ) . Brief meeting of `` pleasantries '' in April 2016 in Washington . Meeting at Trump Tower on 1 December . Discussed Syria and trying to improve relations . Mr Kushner insists they did not suggest a `` secret back channel '' for communication or discuss sanctions . Mr Kislyak 's term ended on Saturday Sergei Gorkov . Mr Kushner says they met the banker on 12 December at the request of Mr Kislyak , who presented them as a man with direct links to President Vladimir Putin . Mr Kushner insists they did not discuss sanctions , business interests or specific policy issues and has had no contacts with them since
. Mr Kushner says they met the banker on 12 December at the request of Mr Kislyak , who presented them as a man with direct links to President Vladimir Putin . Mr Kushner insists they did not discuss sanctions , business interests or specific policy issues and has had no contacts with them since Guccifer400 . Mr Kushner says they received a `` random email '' trying to extort 52 bitcoins in exchange for not publishing Mr Trump 's tax details . Mr Kushner says they ignored the email
. Mr Kushner says they received a `` random email '' trying to extort 52 bitcoins in exchange for not publishing Mr Trump 's tax details . Mr Kushner says they ignored the email Natalia Veselnitskaya . Mr Kushner said they had not spoken to the lawyer before or since the June 2016 meeting and had forgotten about it until an email exchange involving President Trump 's son , Donald Jr , came to light last month . They say : `` No part of the meeting I attended included anything about the campaign , there was no follow up to the meeting that I am aware of , I do not recall how many people were there ( or their names ) , and I have no knowledge of any documents being offered or accepted . ''
Mr Kushner was not expected to invoke their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination at the Congress meetings .
In their statement , they say : `` I am happy to share information with the investigating bodies . I have shown today that I am willing to do so and will continue to co-operate as I have nothing to hide . ''
Their statement concludes : `` Hopefully , this puts these matters to rest . ''
Mr Kushner was also not expected to be under oath on Monday . However , what they say could be used against them at a later date and may well be passed to the special counsel , Robert Mueller , to help their investigation .
Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel , said : `` There 's a lot we want to know . We have a lot of ground to cover . ''
Mr Trump Jr and Mr Manafort had been scheduled to appear before Congress on Wednesday to testify but that has been delayed indefinitely as lawyers negotiate on the documentation and information to be discussed .
President Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia .
They continued their tirade against the investigation process on Sunday , tweeting : `` As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues , two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold , Democrats and Russians ! ''
Russia has also denied any involvement .
Six months of Trump
France and Iran have signed 15 billion euros worth of business deals as President Rouhani continues their European post-sanctions shopping trip .
The agreements cover aviation , carmaking , energy , shipping , infrastructure , railways , health and agriculture though most have not yet been finalised and French banks remain wary of doing business with Iran . There is also an agreement between French export-credit group Coface and the Iranian central bank .
Speaking at a business forum hosted by France 's main industry body Medef , Carlos Tavares , the chief executive of PSA Peugeot Citroen , detailed the planned modernisation of a Peugeot car plant in Tehran : “ We are very positive and very happy to sign this agreement . We expect that from late 2017 , we will be able to introduce three brand-new products with new technology , with updated technology to support our Iranian customers and we will make sure that we invest the appropriate capacity up to 200,000 cars a year in our plan with our partner Iran Khodro . ”
Iran says it wants to buy over 100 Airbus planes to update its ageing fleet , including a dozen A380 superjumbos . Exactly what stage the Airbus deal was at remained unclear on Thursday , however , amid scepticism over how far and how fast western firms can get into Iran .
French officials said Iran was putting the finishing touches to the Airbus deal , and Iran earlier this week gave estimates of up to 127 Airbus planes , but Iranian Transport Minister Abbas Akhoundi declined to give further details and sources close to the discussions said technical talks were continuing .
Total has reportedly signed a memorandum of understanding to purchase up to 200,000 barrels of Iranian crude oil per day as the country moves to ramp up its exports to pre-sanctions levels .
However leading shipping players say efforts by Iran to start exporting oil to Europe are being held up as tanker owners are still struggling to secure insurance for cargoes .
French national railway operator SNCF is to provide expertise for the building of high speed rail lines and stations .
French banks remain wary
Iran 's trade and industry minister has urged French banks to overcome their wariness about doing business with the country , seeking to drum up much-needed foreign investment .
French banks have been reluctant to handle deals with Iran , deterred by a $ 9 billion US fine on Paris-based BNP Paribas in 2014 for sanctions violations .
Even as other trade deals were signed , meetings with leading French banks such as BNP Paribas and Société Générale were not officially on the agenda of the Iranian delegation in Paris .
Industry minister Mohammad Reza Nematzadeh , speaking at a Franco-Iranian business forum , said there were no longer obstacles to keep French banks from doing business with Iran .
“ If they do n't get active , there will be no increase in business , ” they warned .
Nematzadeh said international banks only needed to respect three conditions to avoid falling foul of US sanctions : not do work through a US branch , avoid doing business with persons and entities on the sanction list , and not clear transactions via the United States .
“ These three conditions are very clear . Please take this seriously , from our side things have started , ” they said . “ If the banks do n't start , we are just wasting our time . ”
But senior French bankers said the memory of BNP Paribas ' fine remained too fresh and the current sanctions framework , with a possibility to snap them back in place , was off-putting .
The French and Iranian central banks have formally re-established ties to allow Iranian lenders to handle business with France , French Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron said .
Donald Trump decided to step back from their own business this week but not before intervening in someone else 's .
Their deal-making with heating and air-conditioning equipment manufacturer Carrier Corp. delivered great news for roughly 1,000 workers , whose jobs will remain in Indianapolis instead of going to Mexico .
But as Trump visits the city Thursday to celebrate their biggest coup since becoming president-elect , some economists are questioning the sustainability of their bargaining approach .
Trump has reportedly asked aides to collect names of firms considering moving jobs overseas , so the self-proclaimed `` negotiator-in-chief '' can muscle in and repeat the success they had with Carrier .
The union , the members , the community , we 're all happy about it . - Robert James , Carrier forklift driver
The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Carrier , owned by United Technologies , received $ 7 million in incentives over 10 years from Indiana , though full details behind the Carrier deal are not yet clear .
And it wo n't save all the jobs at United Technologies plants in Indiana — 400 are still to be cut in Indianapolis and plans are still on the books to close a plant in Huntington , which employs 700 , the Journal said .
Labour expert Marquita Walker is already skeptical .
They worry about a `` hostage mentality '' if Trump plans to use their presidential pulpit to end outsourcing threats on a company-by-company basis .
The lesson corporations might take from Carrier case is that they can threaten to relocate manufacturing , for example , and then demand that they get certain concessions and an audience with Trump , they said .
`` You can imagine a plant saying they 'll leave unless they get tax credits or tax incentives , '' said Walker , who specializes in labour-management relations at Indiana University-Purdue University in Indianapolis .
`` It 's a staple of employer-management tactics . And there 's more heft behind these threats now that this analogy has been made . ''
Deal does n't get to 'underlying cause '
Keeping the Carrier plant open is a big win for the Hoosier State , though 400 local jobs may still go . But Mohan Tatikonda , a professor of operations management at Indiana University Kelley School of Business , called the deal a `` spot solution . ''
`` It applies to one facility , but it does n't get to the underlying cause . It 's a Band-Aid on top of the observable symptom , '' they said .
Robert James , who has for 18 years driven a forklift at the manufacturing plant , is confident he 'll be among the 1,000 who will get to continue working there , given their seniority .
`` I 'm happy about it . The union , the members , the community , we 're all happy about it , '' the 57-year-old said . `` But we still feel for the 400 employees [ who wo n't retain their jobs ] . ''
`` I guess soon we 'll find out what 's on the other end of this deal . ''
Robert James , 57 , has worked 18 years at Carrier operating a forklift , usually on night shifts . He 's happy about the deal , but mindful that some of their colleagues will be out of work . ( Matt Kwong/CBC )
Carrier said in a statement on Wednesday , ahead of Trump 's visit to the state , that `` incentives offered by the state were an important consideration '' in keeping jobs in Indiana .
The deals on the side . The crony capitalism . This , to me , is an example of the application of extra-legal power that ought not to exist in a democracy . - Bill Poole , economist
But not knowing the precise details is worrisome , said economist Bill Poole , a senior fellow with the Cato Institute who served on the Council of Economic Advisers in president Ronald Reagan 's administration .
`` The deals on the side . The crony capitalism . This , to me , is an example of the application of extra-legal power that ought not to exist in a democracy , '' they said .
`` What we do n't know is what president-elect Trump [ may have ] threatened if Carrier did not keep these jobs in the United States . ''
Vice-president-elect Mike Pence failed to negotiate a deal as governor of the state as did Indianapolis Mayor Joe Hogsett .
There is good reason that Carrier might want to stay in the U.S. government 's good graces . Its parent company is Connecticut-based United Technologies , one of the nation 's largest defence contractors . United Technologies receives $ 5 billion US in contracts from the U.S. government annually . Loss of those federal contracts would mean the holding company 's revenue would take as much as a 10 per cent hit , according to the New York Times .
'No reason for them to leave anymore '
Trump talked about Carrier on Thursday , when they arrived in Indianapolis to seal the deal before a presidential `` victory tour '' leading up to their Jan. 20 inauguration .
The president-elect said they told Carrier and United Technologies that the `` goodwill that you have engendered by doing this , all over the world , frankly , but within our country — you watch how fast you 're going to make it up because so many people are going to be buying Carrier air conditioners . ''
They told the crowd the deal was actually saving more than 1,100 jobs in Indiana .
`` I also just want to let all of the other companies know , that we 're going to do great things for business . There 's no reason for them to leave anymore , '' they said , citing their plans to lower business taxes and significantly reduce regulations .
For companies , they said , leaving the country is going to be `` very , very difficult . ''
'Can this work in the long run ? '
An estimated five million manufacturing jobs have disappeared in America since 2000 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Given those daunting numbers , the 1,000 Carrier jobs are a `` drop in the bucket , '' Robert Blecker , an American University economics professor specializing in trade with Mexico , said before Trump spoke in Indiana .
`` Can this work in the long run ? Well , he 's not going to negotiate with every company , '' Blecker said .
Take , for example , Rexnord Corp .
While Carrier workers were celebrating the 1,000 preserved U.S. jobs , workers and management at Rexnord Bearings , located just a seven-minute drive north of the Carrier facility , were deep into contract negotiations .
The ball-bearing manufacturer is slated to move nearly 300 jobs to Mexico .
Reached on their cellphone on Wednesday night , Rexnord employee Chuck Jones was locked in bargaining to keep the Indianapolis factory running .
`` Trump 's coming into town , and we do n't know anything until then , but we 'll be there , '' said Jones , who is also the president of United Steelworkers Local 1999 , the union representing Carrier workers .
Was Jones counting on Trump to step into negotiations as they did in the Carrier case ?
`` Most certainly , '' they said . `` That 's what we 're all hoping for . ''
DREW SPENCER , dspencer at fairvote . org , @ fairvote
Legal director at FairVote , Spencer said today : “ Electoral reform played a big role in the 2015 elections this year . Ohio voters overwhelmingly passed a state constitutional amendment requiring that redistricting be done according to certain criteria by a bipartisan commission , and advocates of public financing of campaigns had big wins in Seattle and in Maine . Maine will also have a big push for electoral reform next year , when it will vote on whether to elect all state and congressional offices with ranked choice voting , allowing voters to rank candidates in order of choice , something voters successfully did in municipal elections in six different states this year ( California , Colorado , Minnesota , Maryland , Maine , and Massachusetts ) . ”
ADAM SMITH , adam at everyvoice.org , @ EveryVoice
Smith is communications director at Every Voice , which just released the statement , “ Maine , Seattle Voters Pass Money-In-Politics Reforms to Empower Everyday People , ” which states : “ Voters in Maine and Seattle approved initiatives Tuesday to raise the voices of ordinary people in the political process and reduce the influence of wealthy special interests . These victories show that states and cities are n't waiting on a gridlocked Washington , D.C. to fix our broken campaign finance system and are instead taking matters into their own hands . …
“ In Maine , by a vote of 55-45 , voters approved an initiative to strengthen the state 's landmark Clean Elections system that will strengthen disclosure and enforcement requirements and restore the small-donor public financing system , so candidates can run competitive campaigns for office . Mainers voted to preserve the nation 's most blue-collar legislature and ensure that farmers , waiteres , and factory workers are still able to run and win elected office without having to rely on lobbyists and wealthy special interests . …
“ Across the country in Seattle , where they have all-mail ballots , early results show Initiative 122 will easily cruise to victory . Voters there said ‘ Yes ' to creating a first-in-the-nation system that will democratize city elections by giving every voter a chance to invest in political campaigns through a ‘ Democracy Voucher ' program . The initiative also limits contributions for city contractors , closes the revolving door , and increases transparency and accountability . ”
The Floofenfluff
Few can truly comprehend the true horror upon which a Floofenfluff brings . Fewer still live to even murmur it 's name , though , regrettably for the Floofenfluff 's next victim , the name sounds so absurd that few take it as more than a final mumbling of madness .
Nature 's Manipulator . Brought to it 's massive fluffy wings by an indescribable urge to press their bodies into it 's softness , the victims of the Floofenfluff find themselves overcome with a jovial urge to pet , caress , and bond with the equally giant and adorable Floofenfluff . Appearing as a giant gorgeous bird that is protecting it 's young , the Floofenfluff is an avatar of innocence and motherhood . Little do they know , that the countless legs of the Floofenfluff , which appear to be nestlings nustled beneath the Floofenfluff 's wings , are actually the warped legs of the monster 's previous prey , each one drained of soul , and transformed into a simple pair of baby bird legs .
The Dark Side of Nature . Though many rightly fear the fey for their dominance of nature , or peer across the treescape , cautious of villainous plant or territorial dryad , few expect a fully fledged devil to be lingering in the bosom of rivers and trees . This is where the Floofenfluff hides in plain sight . Though appearing to be a curious and majestic part of nature , it nonetheless fits completely naturally in any grove it calls home .
Nefarious Goals . Though it considers itself master of the forests , mountains , and tundras in which it dwells , the Floofenfluff remains unsatisfied with what it claims to be it 's own dominion , wishing to conquer the skies where it believes itself to belong . Deep in the night , when the glimmer of the moon is at it 's peak , the Floofenfluff shrieks it 's horrible anger towards the birds and other dwellers of the skies above . These cries sound like peaceful mating calls to bystanders , but the avian creatures that live far above know that it signals the coming anger of the Floofenfluff .
Deadly Jealousy . When a Floofenfluff sees another creature take flight , it takes personal offense . The Floofenfluff 's calm , slow , manipulative demeanor flies into a fierce rage and it seeks to drag the flying offender into it 's wings , stealing it 's soul , and absorbing it 's power of flight . Though the presence of fliers only leads to anger , and a complete dismissal of the Floofenfluff 's otherwise deceptive form , absorbing their powers of flight is the only way a Floofenfluff can achieve it 's goals of reaching the land it wishes to conquer .
A mission proposal that would send a spacecraft to land on Saturn 's moon Titan and float in its methane seas was passed up by NASA , but the project is n't completely sunk .
New research describes tests done with a miniature mock-up of the lander concept , which is called the Titan Mare Explorer ( TiME ) . The research , in which the miniature lander was set lose on a lake in Chile , shows how the probe might be affected by winds and waves on the Saturn moon . The results could prove helpful for future spacecraft that may dive into the diverse environments on other worlds in Earth 's solar system .
According to TiME 's former principle investigator Ellen Stofan , the trial was n't designed to be a complete test of TiME , but an opportunity to explore how a floating lander might behave .
`` I found it extremely helpful to see the remote operations , and to participate in measuring the depth of the lake [ with TiME ] , '' Stofan told Space.com by email . `` Ground experiments really help you think about how to collect and interpret space data . '' [ Amazing Photos of Titan , Saturn 's Largest Moon ]
Adrift on Titan 's lakes
Saturn 's moon Titan is the only place in the solar system other than Earth known to have liquid lakes and seas on its surface . Rather than water , methane and ethane make up the pools , while methane rain falls on the surface . The flowing liquids could give rise to life-forms completely different from those on Earth , making Titan one of the most astrobiologically intriguing spots in the solar system , scientists have said .
In 2007 , not long after the discovery of Titan 's northern lakes , Stofan and their colleagues developed TiME . The spacecraft relied on a new radioisotope power source under development by NASA called the Advanced Stirling Radioisotope Generator ( ASRG ) . The mission 's budget had to be $ 425 million or less to qualify as one of NASA 's Discovery-class missions .
`` [ The Jet Propulsion Laboratory ] had done a study saying that nothing could be done at Titan for under a billion dollars , '' Stofan said . `` We were going to show it could be done for less than half of that . We really had to focus on the best science and keep it simple . ''
If this mission had become a reality , the probe would have splashed down in Ligeia Mare , a methane-ethane sea near Titan 's North Pole , in 2023 , Stofan said . Unlike other landers , it would have bobbed along the surface , traveling wherever the currents and winds of Titan might carry it . As it drifted across the lake , with about 6.5 feet ( 2 meters ) of its bulk peeking above the sea , it would have measured the temperature , atmospheric pressure , methane humidity , and the strength , direction , and distribution of winds on the moon .
`` All of this would help us understand exactly how the Titan atmosphere and sea interact , see how waves are generated , and see if the chemistry of the lakes was leading toward life , '' Stofan said .
A stand-in for TiME , Tiempo Alto was set adrift on a lake in the mountains of Chile .
Lake observations in Chile
In the summer of 2013 , TiME scientists paired up with another team working on the Planetary Lake Lander ( PLL ) project , which was partly funded by NASA and was also created to prepare spacecraft to visit Titan . A free-floating platform was set on a lake in Chile to observe how TiME 's attempts to collect information about an extraterrestrial lake might be affected by the wind and waves . To better understand how the data generated by TiME or another floating lander would look , the team carried a smaller model of the craft , dubbed RV Tiempo Alto , up to Laguna Negra in the Chilean Andes , and set it adrift .
RV Tiempo Alto was n't an exact analogue of the TiME . As part of the PLL project , its goal was to examine how a capsule would behave in known winds and waves . According to current TiME principal investigator Ralph Lorenz and PLL project leader Nathalie Cabrol , such an imaging system is novel in planetary geology , and has n't had much use in oceanographic studies . The team launched RV Tiempo Alto onto the water four times , with a GoPro camera strapped on to record data , and two large , orange flags to aid in its recovery .
The stand-in spacecraft found that the wind drag on the hull was the primary factor in determining its path across the lake . The scientists also learned more about the signals created by light reflection off the water and breaking waves along the shoreline , as well as interactions between the hull and lake bottom — phenomena that were challenging to simulate . Their research was published in the journal Astrobiology in November 2016 .
Mission timing
In 2011 , TiME made NASA 's short list of three proposals for NASA 's next Discovery class mission , but in 2012 , it lost out to the Mars InSight Lander . According to Stofan , the ASRG power source was n't ready , and the mission could n't fly without it .
The loss closed a potential chapter for the floating lander due to limitations of Titan 's orbit : In order to communicate directly with Earth from Titan 's lake-rich northern hemisphere , TiME must arrive during the northern hemisphere 's summer , which celebrates its solstice in 2017 . Unlike on Earth , which has two solstices and four seasons per year , the seasons on Titan cycle with Saturn 's nearly 30-Earth-year orbit , which means it wo n't be summer on Titan again until the early 2030s . It would take at least seven years for a spacecraft to travel from Earth to Titan , so even if the TiME probe left Earth right now , it would arrive too late : By 2025 , Earth will sit low in the sky as seen from the lakes , and the lander would require an additional satellite to phone home . According to Lorenz , it will be another decade or two before Titan lines up with our planet to let a northern-based probe return images without an additional satellite .
But the TiME team pressed on because they knew that Titan 's northern lakes will come around again .
`` The remote lake operations were extremely useful in planning future missions to Titan , '' Stofan said . `` By the time the lake experiments were taking place , TiME had lost the competition . But someone will propose it again someday , and the lessons from PLL will be hugely valuable . ''
Follow Nola Taylor Redd on Twitter @ NolaTRedd Facebook or Google+ . Follow us at @ Spacedotcom , Facebook or Google+ . Originally published on Space.com .
Sigh . Sources indicate the TiVo Mavrik is dead . What was intended to be TiVo 's more modern take on antenna television now joins the Bolt Aereo Edition in the cord cutter dustbin as Rovi management calibrates a new TiVo . The Mavrik is a dual-tuner Tablo-esque network tuner with cloud recording capabilities that would stream video to multiple sources , such as the Amazon Fire TV . But , beyond business prioritization , I 'm hearing that the technical realities of the product did not live up to the prior management 's hype . In fact , “ bad ” is an adjective one source levied . Further , we 've learned all of TiVo 's consumer-facing initiatives are on life support . This would n't necessarily impact existing customers , over the short-term anyway , other than products like the upcoming TiVo Vox products , with bundled voice remote , may also end up on the chopping block . If you 're not feeling blue yet , I can tell you that the TiVo Hydra interface originally planned for 2016 has been delayed again… until late 2017 . There remains a small sliver of hope , given third party licensing and TiVo 's search for a new CEO . Perhaps that individual will see more promise in retail and can more effectively wrangle the development staff .
There has been talk earlier this year about the hit ‘ indie oddity ' release , Please , Do n't Touch Anything , making its way to into the world of virtual reality ( VR ) on the Samsung Gear VR head-mounted display ( HMD ) with Oculus VR mentioning publisher BulkyPix 's original 2D title . Now some may say you wait for one and two come along at once now it has been announced that the ‘ button-pushing simulation ' is coming to both the Gear VR and Oculus Rift HMD – and soon .
In the latest press release by BulkyPix it is said that the setup of the videogame “ did n't change one bit ” with the same concept of having to cover for a work colleague who needs to step outside for a moment leaving the player with a lot of responsibility but little consequence of a big red button . The publishers did note that aside from the concept , a lot has changed , including the upgrade from 2D graphics to “ shiny ” 3D , and the Oculus Rift version will offer a full room to search around for clues .
The motivation and aim for creating the VR version of the 2D puzzler is quite plainly set out : “ Special care has been taken to fully exploit the possibilities offered by virtual reality with one constant goal in mind : surprise the hell out of the players , both through the puzzles to solve and the events triggered by their resolutions . ”
There will be five new puzzles created exclusively for the Oculus Rift version , including the majority of the previously existing ones which have also been tweaked for VR , meaning there will be 31 different puzzles to be solved .
The VR instalment of Please , Do n't Touch Anything is set to be released on the Oculus Store on 19th May . For the latest on VR releases for the Oculus Rift , Gear VR , and all other HMDs , check back with VRFocus .
Document Friday : When Iran Bombed Iraq 's Nuclear Reactor
Eight days into the Iran-Iraq War , Operation Scorch Sword commenced . At dawn on 30 September 1980 , four Iranian F-4E Phantom jets refueled mid-air just before the Iran-Iraq border . After crossing into Iraq , the fighters climbed to a higher altitude so that their course was detectable by Iraqi radar . Moments later , two of the Phantoms peeled off , and dropped to a lower altitude to avoid radar detection . They were flying stealth to Tuwaitha , a city ten miles southeast of Baghdad , home to the Osirak nuclear reactor .
As the world debates the possibility of an Israeli air strike of Iranian nuclear facilities , many have sought to learn lessons from Israel 's 1981 attack on the Osirak reactor . As I thumbed through our documents on Israel 's attack ( and boy do we have some good ones ) , I learned that Iran had bombed Iraq 's nuclear research facility first . And , in all probability , it was Iran 's aerial reconnaissance photographs , which the Islamic republic shared with Israel , that were crucial to the Israeli Air Force 's complete destruction of the reactor on 7 June 1981 .
Ca n't make this stuff up . Below is a page from the CIA 's 1 October 1980 National Intelligence Daily ( NID ) that reported the Iranian attack .
According to Tom Cooper and Farzad Bishop of Air Enthusiast , who have written by far the most informative ( if unsourced ) piece on the subject , Target : Saddam 's Reactor , eye witnesses reported that two bombs hit the dome of the reactor and bounced off . The water cooling facility was also damaged , as were the facilities for storing and treating liquid radioactive waste . Some publications ( see the Christian Science Monitor , 22 October 1980 ) reported that the attack was conducted by Israel . The CIA NID refuted this at the time , and the Air Enthusiast article also factually debunks this claim .
The CIA 's NID downplayed the attack on the nuclear research center , stating “ only secondary buildings were hit ” and that “ neither country 's military capability has been seriously damaged by the other 's air attacks. ” Strangely , the Iranian regime also downplayed the attack . One Iranian Air Force pilot even described it as a failure ; they were quoted as saying that due to the lack of damage the US-manufactured bombs had inflicted , “ we might as well have our planes drop a sack of rocks on the Iraqis . ”
Despite the pessimism , the attack did stop the reactor from enriching fissile material . Approximately 400 French scientists , technicians , and engineers had been working on the reactor at the time of the attack left the country in response to the bombing . ( France sold Iraq the reactor in 1976 . ) Enrichment –allegedly for peaceful purposes– stopped and irradiated material was moved to , unconventionally , “ underground canals. ” The Washington Post reported , that the “ worst-case scenario ” was that Iraq could create a primitive “ dirty bomb ( 6 November 1980 ) . ”
Then , on 30 November 1980 , three Iranian Phantoms again entered Iraqi airspace . Two entered first , drawing the attention of Iraqi defenders . Soon after , according to Iranian sources quoted by Air Enthusiast , the third –a recon-Phantom– “ approached to the south of the target [ the Osirak Reactor ] at low level , then turned back towards the east and made a single pass over the Osirak reactors while being fired at by several Iraqi AAA and SAM sites . Once out of the target area , the two F-4Es joined up again and escorted the RF-4E safely out of Iraq. ” These photographs would lead to the end of Osirak .
On 2 December 1980 –again , if the Iranian accounts can be believed– an unmarked Boeing 707 landed under cover of darkness in Mehrabad Airport , Tehran . There , a crew member was handed “ a small metal briefcase , with the instructions ‘ Do Not X-Ray ' painted in English on the outside. ” Inside , in all likelihood , were the images photographed by Iran and used by the Israeli Air Force in 1981 to conduct Operation Opera , the first successful military destruction of a nuclear reactor .
As an Israeli airstrike on Iranian nuclear facilities continues to loom , Iranians can remember –certainly with some irony–that that their nation was the first to launch an attack on a rival 's nuclear reactor .
A Connecticut woman called 911 to report a wrong pizza order and then urged a police dispatcher to help get their money back .
According to an audio recording obtained by NBC Connecticut , the customer can be heard complaining about how a Hartford pizza shop accidentally gave them a half-hamburger pie when they had ordered a half-cheese , half-bacon pizza .
“ If I order a pizza and they do n't want to give me my money back , can you guys do something ? ” they ask in a recent call to the emergency number . “ I ordered a small pizza – half cheese and half bacon – and they bring me half hamburger , so I call them back and they do n't want to give my money back . ”
The pizza shop told the network they would have replaced the pizza but the woman had eaten half of the pie .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
The dispatcher explains that 911 should only be called for life-threatening emergencies before suggesting they take the issue up with the pizzeria . “ That 's not a police matter , ma'am , ” the dispatcher says .
[ NBC ]
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Lachlan Hansen has played their last game for the Kangaroos
NORTH Melbourne 's list rebuild has claimed another senior player with Lachlan Hansen told they wo n't be offered a contract for 2018 .
Hansen , who turned 29 two weeks ago , has fallen from favour over the past two seasons after establishing themselves as one of the AFL 's best intercept marks from 2013-15 .
And with the Kangaroos keen to continue the development of young key defenders Daniel Nielson , Sam Durdin and Ben McKay , the club announced on Tuesday Hansen 's career at Arden St was over .
All 2017 's retirements and delistings
Hansen 's exit follows the departures of Brent Harvey , Nick Dal Santo , Drew Petrie , Michael Firrito and Daniel Wells at the end of last season .
Fellow veterans Jarrad Waite , Scott Thompson ( restricted free agent ) and Sam Gibson are also set to come out of contract at the end of October , with their futures yet to be determined .
The No.3 pick in the 2006 NAB AFL Draft , Hansen played the best football of their career after settling in defence early in 2013 .
At 197cm , Hansen was given a licence to fly for their marks and used it to full effect , frequently zoning off their man to short-circuit opposition attacks .
In 2013 , Hansen averaged 7.8 marks a game ( fifth in the AFL among players who played more than one game ) and was equal 15th in the competition for total contested marks ( 33 ) , as they recorded their sole top-10 finish ( eighth ) in North 's best and fairest award .
They were equal fourth in the AFL for average marks in 2014 ( 7.3 a game ) , while they were third at North for contested marks ( 21 ) that year and fifth in 2015 ( 21 ) .
Hansen played most of their junior football defence , but was thrown from one end of the ground in the first half of their career .
The former Gippsland Power player was highly effective in attack , particularly in the second half of 2010 when Drew Petrie was injured and as part of a three-pronged attack with Petrie and Robbie Tarrant in 2012 that helped carry North into the finals for the first time in four years .
North coach Brad Scott lauded Hansen 's contribution to the club over 11 seasons and 151 games .
`` Lachy quickly forged a reputation as an excellent intercept mark in the AFL and formed a solid backline alongside the likes of Robbie Tarrant , Michael Firrito and Scott Thompson , '' Scott said on Tuesday .
`` Lachy has been a delight to coach and has been one of the most dynamic , versatile players in the league . Their ability to play forward or back for us was a tremendous asset to the team .
`` He 'll be sorely missed around the club and was one of those unique characters . Their ability to keep morale up , during this year in particular , was first class . ''
Ahead of their 150th game in round 13 this year , Hansen said the six finals they played were the highlights of their career , particularly the 2015 elimination final win over Richmond .
`` At the start of that game , they ( the Tiger fans ) were so loud doing their theme song , '' Hansen said .
`` Then they kicked the first couple and I thought , ‘ Oh , no ' , but then we got composed and after half-time it was so fun .
`` The feeling after that game was unbelievable because I did n't get to play in the year before against Essendon and Geelong . ''
A run of niggling injuries and concussions , and indifferent form , limited Hansen to just five senior games last season .
They returned to play this season 's first 12 matches , but was dropped after an error-strewn performance in their 150th game , against St Kilda in round 13 , and did not return until last Saturday 's win over the Brisbane Lions .
Washington State 's New Field Sobriety Tests to Check for Driving Under the Influence of Marijuana
“ Hold these Cheetos in your hands for as long as you can without eating them . ”
“ Tell me about your favorite Pink Floyd song in less than 30 seconds . ”
“ Describe the sound you hear when I tap my nightstick on your head . ”
“ Count backwards from 1 to 0 . ”
“ I 'm going to massage your shoulders . Tell me when to stop . ”
“ Discuss your favorite moments from Discovery Channel 's Shark Week 2007 . ”
“ See how long you can hold your eyes more than 25 % open . ”
“ Look directly into the flashing lights on my patrol car and try not to say , ‘ Awesome . ' ”
“ Try to contemplate this without having your mind blown : Is it possible that our entire universe could be contained on the fingernail of a giant existing in a much larger universe ? ”
“ Now , tell me how many bong hits you 've had tonight . ”
Ross will provide a weekly mock draft using Fanspeak 's mock draft simulator , On the Clock . They will also scour the internet for a few mocks to see who the `` experts '' have Green Bay taking that week and will provide analysis .
I used Arif Hasan 's composite big board linked here ( which is a great piece annually to check out during draft season ) and fan selected team needs . In the first round I selected Derek Barnett over TJ Watt and Takkarist McKinley ( who Justis actually believes is not on GB 's board ) . Barnett is one of the best ten players in this draft , so to get them at 29 is a steal . They might not excel testing wise but they have real flexibility and real football skills that will serve them well immediately in the pros . That leaves me with Sidney Jones in the second round . I 've now procured the second best pass rusher and the best corner in this draft . We 'll use House and Randall outside while we wait for Jones to be ready to contribute . I 'm ecstatic when another starter , Cooper Kupp , falls to me in round three . Kupp 's pro day 40-yard dash sneaks them inside Thompson 's parameters , and they make up for a perceived lack of speed by running potentially the best routes in this class . Surprise , surprise I ended up with Pocic again . Ejuan Price is consistently one of my favorite players in this draft and Elijah Hood rounds out the class . Hood , Montgomery and MIchael are plenty .
National Mocks
Mel Kiper and Todd McShay , ESPN ( Head to Head ) - Marlon Humphrey , CB Alabama , Jordan Willis , EDGE Kansas State , Carlos Henderson , WR Louisiana Tech
I 've got ta say , I would be really excited about this haul . I 'm a huge fan of Henderson , Humphrey and Willis fit the bill as a high-end corner and edge haul after the first two rounds are over . Address needs with players that are n't reaches . That 's the goal , kids .
Mike Tanier , Bleacher Report- Charles Harris , EDGE Mizzou
I just do n't think it 's going to happen . Harris is not athletic enough for Thompson to take them in round one . They do n't check all the boxes . Harris has tremendous ball-get-off and excellent instincts , he 's just not the right fit .
Rob Rang , CBS Sports- Gareon Conley , CB Ohio State
Sign me up for this . I really like Conley as a # 1 option at corner and a replacement for Sam Shields . Snag a pass rusher in round 2 to supplement Fackrell and Elliot , it 's party time .
Chad Reuter , NFL.com- TJ Watt EDGE Wisconsin
Watt seems to be so divisive . I still do n't see what the haters see . I 'm completely on board for this .
Walter Football ( updated 4/24 ) - Marlon Humphrey , CB Alabama , Tyus Bowser , EDGE Houston , Taywan Taylor WR WKU , Jessamen Dunker , G Tennessee State , Joe Williams RB , Utah , Jonathan Ford , S Auburn
Up and down for me here . Love Humphrey , do not like Bowser . Think Taywan Taylor is potentially a player that does a lot of the same things guys on their current roster do . I do like both fifth round selections quite a bit .
Image copyright PA Image caption The Protein World advert attracted hundreds of complaints but the advertising watchdog ruled it was neither offensive nor irresponsible
Adverts promoting negative body images will be banned across the Transport for London ( TfL ) network from next month .
As part of their mayoral election manifesto Sadiq Khan pledged to ban adverts promoting `` unhealthy or unrealistic '' body images .
The advertising watchdog received 378 complaints in 2015 about a weight-loss advert that asked customers if they were `` beach body ready ? ''
Mr Khan has now asked TfL to set up its own advertising steering group .
The Protein World `` beach body ready '' promotional posters were defaced in Tube stations and a petition was started calling for the adverts to be banned , however the Advertising Standards Agency ( ASA ) watchdog later ruled the advert depicting a bikini-clad female model was neither offensive nor irresponsible .
The steering group will advise TfL 's advertising partners and stakeholders of the mayor 's new policy and will ensure adverts continue to adhere to the regulations set out by the ASA .
Mr Khan said : `` As the father of two teenage girls , I am extremely concerned about this kind of advertising which can demean people , particularly women , and make them ashamed of their bodies . It is high time it came to an end .
`` Nobody should feel pressurised , while they travel on the Tube or bus , into unrealistic expectations surrounding their bodies and I want to send a clear message to the advertising industry about this . ''
Graeme Craig , TfL commercial development director , said : `` Advertising on our network is unlike TV , online and print media .
`` Our customers can not simply switch off or turn a page if an advertisement offends or upsets them and we have a duty to ensure the copy we carry reflects that unique environment .
`` We want to encourage great advertising that engages people and enhances the transport network . ''
Previously , the eating disorders charity Beat said while it recognised advertising and media could not cause eating disorders it was aware of how toxic images could be to an individual .
Image copyright Getty Images
TfL adverts : fast facts
TfL 's advertising estate is the most valuable in the world , its development director claims
In the next eight and a half years , adverts will generate more than £1.5bn in revenue for the network
Advertising space on TfL includes adverts placed on the Tube , overground , DLR , Victoria Coach Station , trams , bus shelters , buses and on-street advertising
If you 're like most people , then computers are a tool for doing what matters to you . You probably use your computer to do many other things you 're interested in — like photography , for instance . Fedora turns out to be perfect for creative pursuits like this .
Riley Brandt is a YouTuber who 's big on open source but also into photography . They recently reviewed the Fedora Design Suite , a version of Fedora built on the Workstation edition , but adding lots of free creativity tools . It 's assembled and maintained by the amazing Fedora Design team , a community of artists and designers who use free and open source software to make Fedora beautiful .
In this video , Riley asks ( and answers ) the question , “ Is Fedora the best distro for photography ? ” Not surprisingly , the answer is yes ! But watch the video below to see all the great stuff you can get in the Fedora Design Suite .
If you 're interested , you can download the Fedora Design Suite here .
Many thanks to Riley Brandt for the in depth review .
Today marks the beginning of Peer Review Week 2017 . Here on the Impact Blog , we 'll be featuring posts covering a variety of perspectives on and issues relating to peer review , and which also consider this year 's theme of “ Transparency ” . To kick things off , Jon Tennant , Daniel Graziotin and Sarah Kearns consider what can be done to address the various shortcomings and problems of the peer review process . While there is obviously substantial scope for improvement , none of the ideas proposed here are beyond our current technical and social means . The key challenge may lie in galvanising our scholarly communities .
Peer review of scientific research papers forms one of the cornerstones of our knowledge generation process . Since its origins in the 19th century , it has become a diverse and complex process . The purpose of peer review is to evaluate and improve the quality , novelty , validity , and impact of submitted papers and the underlying research . Despite being viewed by many as the gold standard of certification for research , there is now increasing evidence that the ideal of peer review is not equally matched by its process or practice .
Research has shown that peer review is prone to bias in numerous dimensions , frequently unreliable , and can even fail to detect fraudulent research . This is a critical issue at a time when public education and engagement with science , and trust in research , are needed due to the proliferation of “ alternative facts ” , where expertise is often casually dismissed in important socio-political domains . While we believe that the ideal of peer review is still needed , it is its implementation , and the present lack of any viable alternative , that must be looked at for improvement .
In our latest research paper , published at F1000 Research , we brought together an international , cross-disciplinary team of 33 authors to look at the history , present status , and potential future of peer review . As a team , we felt there were some important questions about peer review that needed to be examined in greater detail . For example , what role does it play in our modern digital research and communications infrastructure ? Does it perform to the high standards with which it is generally regarded ? How can the power and practices of the web , particularly the social aspects of Web 2.0 , be leveraged to think about innovative models for peer review ?
We showed that there has been an explosion in innovation and experimentation in peer review in the last five years . This has been fuelled by the advent of web technologies , and an increasing realisation that there is substantial scope to improve the process of peer review . By combining the knowledge and experiences from across a diverse range of disciplines , we took an introspective look at peer review , one we hope will be useful for future discussions on the topic .
We believe that there are three core traits that underpin any viable peer-review system : quality control and moderation , performance and engagement incentives , and certification and reputation . We also strongly believe that any new system of peer review must be able to demonstrate that it not only outperforms the current models , but also that it avoids or eliminates as many of the biases in existing systems as possible .
Quality control and moderation
Quality control is the core function of peer review , and is what distinguishes the scholarly literature from almost any other type . Typically this has been administered in a closed , venue-coupled system with few actors ; namely authors , reviewers , and editors , with the latter managing the process . A strong coupling of peer review to journals plays an important part in this due to the common , albeit deeply flawed , association of researcher prestige with journal brand . The issue here is that “ quality ” of peer review remains based on trust , rather than anything substantive . While , intuitively , the quality of peer review at more prestigious journals might be considered higher than at smaller journals , we can not objectively state it is as there is simply not enough evidence due to the opacity of the process .
Other social knowledge-exchange platforms such as Wikipedia , Stack Exchange , and Reddit have self-organised communities and governance structures ( e.g . moderators ) that represent possible alternative models . Here , moderators have the same operational functionality as journal editors in terms of gate-keeping and facilitating the process of engagement . Individual research communities could transparently elect groups of moderators based on expertise ( e.g . automated through ORCID , using the number of previous publications as a threshold ) , prior engagement with peer review , and assessment of their reputation . Different communities could use specific social norms and procedures to govern content and engagement , and to self-organise into individual but connected platforms .
In such a system , published objects could be preprints , data , software , or any other digital research output . Quality control would be provided by having a system of semi-automated but managed and open peer review , with public interaction , collaboration , and transparent refinement through version control . Community moderation and crowdsourcing would play an important role , preventing underdeveloped feedback that is not constructive and could delay efficient research progress .
When authors and moderators collectively deem the peer-review process to have been sufficient for an object to have reached a community-decided level of quality or acceptance , the review is complete . Some journals , such as the Journal of Open Source Software , already implement this process successfully . While traditional editorial roles are not foreseen in our vision , we recognise there are still potential extreme cases where consensus is not achieved and third-party involvement is required . This can be achieved , for example , through impromptu election of a highly ranked , super-moderator or arbiter , or an F1000-like system of discontinued peer review . Following this process , the objects can be indexed , and the updated version can be assigned a persistent identifier such as a DOI , as well as an appropriate license allowing for maximum reuse ( including then sending to a traditional journal ) and process sustainability .
The important distinction here from the traditional model is the active promotion of inclusive participation and community interaction , with quality defined and controlled by a process of engagement and digestion of content . If desired , these objects could then form the basis for manuscript submissions to journals , perhaps even fast-tracking them as the quality assessment would already have been completed . The role of peer review would then be coupled with the concept of a “ living published unit ” , and with dissemination and validation of research occurring independent of journals .
Image credit : Gold stars by Tina Saey . This work is licensed under a CC BY 2.0 license .
Performance and engagement incentives
To motivate and encourage participation with peer review , incentives will increase wider engagement . Lowering the threshold of entry for different research communities starts to make open peer review more accessible and less burdensome . One of the most widely-held reasons for performing peer review is a quid pro quo sense of academic altruism or duty to the research community . However , at present this is imbalanced and researchers still receive far too little credit or recognition for their efforts . Directly tying to certification and reputation is the ultimate goal of most academic incentive systems .
New ways of encouraging peer review can be developed by quantifying engagement with the process and linking this to academic profiles . To some extent , this is already performed at platforms like Publons or ScienceOpen where the records of individuals reviewing for a particular journal can be integrated into ORCID . Platforms such as Reddit , Amazon , and Stack Exchange use gamification and represent a model in which participants receive virtual rewards for engaging with review . Those activities are further evaluated and ranked by the community via upvotes and usefulness scores . A hierarchical reward system based on badges could be integrated into this , including features for content or individuals such as “ Top 5 % reviewer ” , “ Successfully replicated ” , “ 500 upvotes ” , or whatever individual communities decide is best .
The distinction from the traditional process is that highly rated reviews gain more exposure , more scrutiny and recognition , and ultimately more credit . This creates the incentive to engage with the process in a way that is most beneficial to the community , which can then be used as a way of establishing prestige for individuals and for content .
Certification and reputation
The current peer-review process is generally poorly rewarded as a scholarly activity . Performance metrics provide one way of certifying peer review , and provide the basis for incentivising participation . As outlined above , a fully transparent and interactive process , combined with reviewer identification , makes clear the level of engagement and added value from each participant .
Certification can be provided to contributors based on their engagement with the process : community evaluation of their contributions ( e.g . as implemented at Amazon , Reddit , or Stack Exchange ) , combined with their reputation as authors . Rather than having anonymous or pseudonymous participants , for peer review to work well in this open system requires full identification , to connect on-platform reputation with authorship history . Rather than a journal-based form , certification is granted based on continuing engagement with the research process and is revealed at the object and individual level .
The distinction from the traditional model here is that achievement of certification takes place via an evolving and continuous process of community engagement and can be quantified . Models like Stack Exchange are ideal candidates for such a system , and operate through a simple and transparent up-voting and down-voting scheme , combined with achievement badges . Such quantifiable performance metrics could easily be tied to the academic reputation of individuals . As this is decoupled from journals , it alleviates all of the well-known issues with journal-based ranking systems and is fully transparent . This should be highly appealing not just to researchers , but also to those in charge of hiring , tenure , promotion , grant funding , and research assessment , and therefore could become an important factor in future policy development .
Challenges and future considerations
None of the ideas proposed above is radical , unachievable , or beyond current technical and social means . There are working models that demonstrate the potential feasibility of such a system , as exemplified by a huge range of web-native platforms , many of which scholars already engage with . Instead , what we suggest here is the simple recombination of existing traits from successful social platforms into a single , hypothetical hybrid platform .
A key challenge our proposed hybrid system will have to overcome is simultaneous uptake across the whole scholarly ecosystem . In particular , this proposal involves a requirement for standardised communication between a range of key participants . Real shifts will occur where elements of this system can be taken up by specific communities , but remain interoperable between them . Identifying sites where stepwise changes in practice are desirable to a community is an important next step . Increasing the – currently almost non-existent – role and recognition of peer review in promotion , hiring and tenure processes could be a critical step forward for incentivising the changes we have discussed . As such , we expect that research funders at a range of levels should be interested in pooling knowledge and resources to build such a platform as a consortium .
By looking at the increasing adoption of social technologies by digital communities , we can see that there is considerable scope and appetite for the significant development and adoption of new peer-review initiatives proposed herein . Such an initiative has the potential to resolve many of the technical and social issues associated with peer review , and also disrupt our entire system of scholarly communication . High-quality implementations of these ideas in systems that communities can choose to adopt may act as de facto standards that help build towards consistent practice and adoption . We look forward to seeing progressive developments in this domain in the near future .
Note : This article gives the views of the authors , and not the position of the LSE Impact Blog , nor of the London School of Economics . Please review our comments policy if you have any concerns on posting a comment below .
About the authors
Jon Tennant completed their PhD at Imperial College London and their research looks at deep time evolutionary patterns in groups like dinosaurs and crocodiles . Alongside this , they currently work as a PLOS Paleo Community Editor , is Communications Director for ScienceOpen , a freelance science writer , founder of paleorXiv and the Open Science MOOC , and author of the kids ' dinosaur book Excavate Dinosaurs ! They can be found on Twitter at @ Protohedgehog , talking about open access .
Daniel Graziotin received their PhD at the Free University of Bozen-Bolzano , Italy . They are a postdoctoral researcher at the Institute of Software Technology , University of Stuttgart , Germany . Their research interests include behavioral software engineering , empirical software engineering , open science , and studies of science in general . They are associate editor at the Journal of Open Research Software and academic editor at the Research Ideas and Outcomes ( RIO ) journal . Daniel is recipient of the Alexander von Humboldt Fellowship ( 2017 ) , the European Design Award ( bronze ; 2016 ) , and the Data Journalism Award ( 2015 ) . They are an open science advocate ; lately , they are attempting to open up software engineering academic conferences . They can be found on Twitter at @ dgraziotin and on their website ineed.coffee .
Former Atlanta Hawks center Pero Antic on Friday filed a civil suit against the New York Police Department , and Hawks forward Thabo Sefolosha confirmed Sunday that they will file suit this week .
False arrest , unlawful imprisonment , assault , battery , negligence , civil rights violations and malicious prosecution were listed as the claims in Antic 's complaint . Under Antic 's notice of claim , filed last year , $ 25 million was set as the maximum Antic can recover .
`` The NYPD has all but conceded that they falsely and improperly arrested Pero Antic , '' Alex Spiro , Antic 's attorney , said . `` They will now be held responsible . ''
Pero Antic was initially charged with disorderly conduct , obstructing governmental administration and second-degree harassment . Officials dropped the charges against Antic in September . AP Photo/Darron Cummings
Sefolosha 's suit , which will name the NYPD and other city agencies , will likely include charges of unlawful force , unlawful arrest and malicious prosecution . Sefolosha 's notice of claim , also filed last year , set $ 50 million as the ceiling they can be compensated for damages .
The suits stem from an incident on April 8 , 2015 , outside Manhattan nightclub 1Oak , where both men were arrested . Officers claimed the pair were interfering with a crime scene . Indiana Pacers forward Chris Copeland was stabbed in a separate incident .
Sefolosha suffered a broken fibula and ligament damage during their arrest and missed the remainder of the regular season and the Hawks ' playoff run to the conference finals .
In October , a jury acquitted Sefolosha of misdemeanor obstructing government administration , disorderly conduct and resisting arrest . Despite being offered a plea deal that would 've dismissed the charges in exchange for a day of community service , Sefolosha opted for a trial to clear their name .
Sefolosha told ESPN in October that they filed the notice of claim to preserve their right to sue . They said then that they were uncertain they wanted to `` go back into the legal system . ''
Antic was initially charged with disorderly conduct , obstructing governmental administration and second-degree harassment . Officials dropped the charges against them in September .
Sefolosha has logged 70 games with Atlanta this season and has averaged 6.6 points , 4.5 rebounds and 1.4 assists per game , with a true shooting percentage of 58.6 . They rank second among NBA small forwards in defensive plus-minus .
A native of Macedonia , Antic played two seasons with the Hawks before returning overseas to join Fenerbahçe in the Turkish Basketball League .
Framingham craft beer maker Jack 's Abby Brewing will undergo a major expansion that will allow it to ramp up production , offer its beer in cans and 12-pack bottles and open a restaurant and much larger tasting room .
The 3-year-old company has leased new space in Framingham that will expand its brewery more than five-fold to 67,000 square feet with state-of-the-art brewing equipment .
“ The craft beer industry , as a whole , has been picking up ( and ) we 've been beneficiaries of that , ” said Eric Hendler , who cofounded Jack 's Abby with brothers Jack and Sam . “ Additionally , we do only lagers , which are not very common for craft breweries to make . We feel that distinguishes us to the consumer . ”
Jack 's Abby 's best-selling beer is Hoponius Union , an India pale lager .
Its new quarters in a former Avery Dennison plant will have an initial brewing capacity of 50,000 barrels annually — which it does n't expect to hit in the first year — and space to expand to 125,000 . The Hendlers plan to start brewing there in late 2015 .
This year , in its current 12,000-square-foot brewery , the company will brew 14,000 barrels to service customers in Massachusetts , Connecticut and parts of New York and Vermont — up from 6,500 barrels last year .
“ We 're expecting to brew around 25,000 barrels in 2015 , which is the maximum our current space is capable of producing , ” Hendler said .
Former BART police officer Johannes Mehserle has spent the past 10 months in a Los Angeles jail , and after serving less than a year of their two year sentence for involuntary manslaughter , the former BART police officer turned inmate is expected to soon walk free .
The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation tells ABC7 Mehserle is tentatively scheduled for a June 1 court date . That is when a judge will likely credit them for time served and good behavior . The Corrections Department says Mehserle could be released as early as the middle of June .
The family of Oscar Grant , the unarmed man Mehserle shot and killed , calls it a slap in the face .
`` It would be very painful emotionally just to see them not behind bars and the fact that they are now seeking employment in Northern California , '' Oscar Grant 's uncle Cephus Johnson said .
The criminal trial for the New Year 's Day 2009 shooting at the Fruitvale BART station ended last year , but the $ 50 million dollar civil suit filed by Grant 's family still moves forward . Tuesday , a U.S. district court judge ordered the transit agency dropped from the list of defendants , but individual officers like Mehserle remain named in the suit .
`` We will continue to make improvements to our police dept to avoid something like this from happening again , '' BART Board of Directors President Bob Franklin said .
Grant 's family attorney says BART would still cover damages a judge or jury awards .
`` From our point of view this case was always about Pirone and Mehserle , '' John Burris said .
The U.S. Department of Justice has not finished its separate investigation into whether Grant 's civil rights were violated . Mehserle could still face a federal trial .
On a `` Free Johannes Mehserle '' Facebook page , their supporters continue to speak out . That includes their father , who in a post offered a glimpse of what their son 's release will be like . Todd Mehserle wrote , `` Johannes is in very good spirits and is looking forward to this summer and freedom . ''
The case that has already caused so many protests could still bring more when Mehserle is released .
`` The community right now strategizing and considering different activities for that date , '' Johnson said .
Oakland police say they have not heard about any specific protests , but given the history and feelings surrounding the case , police say they will be prepared .
Jeremy Corbyn suffered the first Commons rebellion of their leadership when 21 backbenchers rejected their anti-austerity economics and refused to vote against George Osborne 's new fiscal rules .
The relatively small rebellion was also driven by exasperation at the self-confessed mishandling of the issue by the shadow chancellor , John McDonnell .
The new charter requiring the public finances to be in overall budget surplus by 2019-20 was passed by 320 to 258 . No Labour MPs voted for the chancellor 's charter since even party moderates regard the new rules as too stringent and restrictive on capital borrowing .
McDonnell , making their first appearance on the frontbench after 20 years in parliament , startled MPs by admitting they were embarrassed that they had reversed their two-week-old plan to tell Labour MPs to vote for Osborne 's charter for budget responsibility . They confessed : “ I was trying to out-Osborne Osborne . ”
Conceding at the outset of their speech that they were executing a U-turn , they said : “ Embarrassing ? Yes , of course it is , but a bit of humility amongst politicians never goes amiss . When the circumstances and judgments change , it is best to admit to it and change as well . ”
In their first Commons confrontation with Osborne as shadow chancellor , McDonnell called the charter “ a puerile political trap ” .
They added they had first planned to vote for the charter , saying : “ My initial view was to use today 's debate for a bit of traditional parliamentary knockabout and to ridicule the performance of the chancellor against their own charter . ”
McDonnell said they had changed their mind on the charter as a result of receiving “ professional advice ” , meeting redundant Redcar steelworkers in tears , and the worsening economic headwinds facing the UK in the past fortnight .
Osborne 's aim , they said , was to show that if Labour did not vote for the charter it was a deficit denier , while if the party did back it the Tories could claim Labour was committed to support every government cut for the next five years .
They said Osborne had been involved in a successful exercise in rewriting the record . “ We are ending the petty game playing and we are moving into a serious debate on how we can make this economy work for everybody . ”
McDonnell said : “ I want to break the stranglehold that the focus on deficits has had on the economic debate in this country in recent years . Yes , the deficit is vitally important , but we need a paradigm shift to open up the wider debate of what makes a prosperous , healthy economy in which everybody shares in the prosperity and in which everybody is secure , not just the wealthy few .
“ We 'll tackle the deficit , yes . But we will not tackle the deficit on the backs of middle and low earners and especially not the poorest . ”
McDonnell also questioned the true purpose of the charter . “ It is increasingly clear that the charter and the fiscal mandate are not economic instruments , they are political weapons . ”
Before the vote those Labour MPs who said they would abstain , notably Mike Gapes and Jamie Reed , were abused on Twitter , with accusations they were playing the Tory game and warnings they would find their local parties “ pressing the deselect button ” . Frank Field , the Labour MP for Birkenhead , responded to the threats by urging any MP who was deselected to immediately to trigger a byelection .
Reed had said they would abstain because “ it was a pantomime proposition and parliament at its most pointless ” .
Osborne tried to cause divisions in Labour ranks by citing senior Labour figures who had rejected Corbyn 's economics , claiming that the party 's leftward shift meant the Conservatives were the true workers ' party .
“ To call the whole episode as a shambles is such an understatement , it is like saying the Charge of the Light Brigade did not achieve all its objectives . ”
They denied the new rules in their charter were meaningless , inflexible or too demanding since the rules only propose the budget should be in overall surplus by 2019 after nine years of continuous economic growth .
Osborne had opened the debate by driving home the messages that helped the Conservatives win the election . “ The questions before the house and the country are very simple . Is Britain going to pay its way in the world , live within its means , bear down on its debt so the next time the disaster strikes we are better prepared ?
“ Do we have the strength and determination to finish the job we have started and turn Britain around ? Or are we going be profligate again , spend money we do n't have again , borrow forever , mortgage the future of children with the debts we could not pay ourselves , and consign Britain to a future of a high debt , low growth ? ”
Describing Labour as the party of permanent fiscal irresponsibility , they said the charter would bear down on the “ irresolution of politicians who lack the discipline to control public spending and deliver growth ” .
The Labour MPs who abstained were : Fiona Mactaggart , Rushanara Ali , Ian Austin , Ben Bradshaw , Adrian Bailey , Shabana Mahmood , Ann Coffey , Angela Smith , Simon Danczuk , Jamie Reed , Chris Evans , Graham Stringer , Frank Field , Gisela Stuart , Mike Gapes , Margaret Hodge , Tristram Hunt , Graham Jones , Helen Jones , Liz Kendall , Chris Leslie .
• This article was amended on 15 October 2015 . An earlier version incorrectly listed Andrew Smith among the Labour MPs who abstained , where it should have said Angela Smith .
Wooden Pallets are quite in fashion at the present time . Every person prefers to have at least one type of fixtures in their homemade up of pallets . You can make something out of pallet if you have an innovative mind ; wooden pallets are very beneficial in terms of cash as nicely . You could get pallets at no cost or very inexpensive from any store . Many people at the present time are making decks in their garden or backyard with the help of wooden pallets . So , we have brought some amazing and unique designs of pallet decks . These plans of pallet decks are so easy that anyone can make it without the help or guidance of a carpenter . If you want to make a simple pallet deck in your garden then firstly , grab some wooden pallets and start making it . These wooden pallet deck designs and plans are quite easy to interpret and in just a weekend you can complete it easily .
The size and shape of the pallet deck depends upon the size of your garden . If you have a big garden then you can make a large size deck otherwise you can make small pallet deck . You can beautify your wooden pallet garden deck by placing some garden planters on the corners and can enjoy sitting there by putting chairs on it . Managing with fixtures for the deck can get really expensive however in case you need it then you may spend your weekend making pallet deck fixtures for your house deck which might cost you almost nothing . Wooden pallet deck is the most exciting location of the residence due to the fact ; you could relax whenever you want to . You may set the pallet deck with pallet sofa embellished with cushions and pillows so as to be comfortable whilst sitting on it . You may paint the pallet deck of any shade you want , to make it pretty and eye catching .
As we await what are likely the final steps in approving the Minnesota Vikings ' new downtown stadium , let 's take an early look at some of the questions that will remain after Gov . Mark Dayton presumably signs the bill :
What about the Minneapolis City Council ?
Yes , it 's true that the majority of the council 's 13 members must approve the final bill before construction could begin . But that has been considered a formality since March , when Mayor R.T. Rybak announced that seven members had pledged support . Thursday morning , Rybak told Minnesota Public Radio that the bill contained `` every single one of the things we asked for '' and added : `` I do n't anticipate there will be a change [ of heart ] . ''
What will the new stadium look like ?
A conceptual image of the proposed new Minnesota Vikings stadium looking east , including the `` Winter Garden '' area for tailgating and pregame activities . Courtesy of Minnesota Vikings
The frantic pace of this legislation produced very few details on the design and features of the facility . There have been general terms that include 65,000 seats and 150 luxury boxes , but those are general estimates . The team released three images last month , one of which is reproduced in this post . But those are only concepts and a significant amount of architectural , engineering and design work remains to be done .
Where will the Vikings play during construction ?
The team has said it will play in the Metrodome in 2012 and has expressed hope that it will be able to spend at least a portion of the three following years there as well before the new facility opens in 2016 . But that timetable is subject to the unfinished work we just discussed . The expectation is that there will be at least one season , and probably a portion of a second , played at the University of Minnesota 's TCF Bank Field . That will require a multi-million upgrade at `` The Bank '' to include , among other things , heating coils for the outdoor field .
What about a retractable roof ?
Vikings owner Zygi Wilf has expressed strong interest in playing outdoor games when possible , and a retractable roof would probably help lure an MLS team to the facility as well . The $ 975 million bill , however , calls for a fixed roof . Legislators said the Vikings would have to cover the additional costs and maintenance of a retractable roof . At one point last year , team officials projected a $ 25 million difference between a retractable roof and a fixed one . That might be a low estimate , however ; the Indianapolis Colts ' retractable roof at Lucas Oil Field was estimated to add $ 75 million to the project . I do n't have an updated figure for the Vikings ' stadium , but I would n't be surprised if Wilf at least considers the upgrade .
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Meyer , who is Vice Chairman of NBCUniversal and reports directly ...
Monica Lewinsky may be keeping a low profile during this election season — but they were seen out with Hollywood mogul Ron Meyer in LA .
Page Six exclusively obtained pictures of Lewinsky and Meyer , vice chairperson of NBCUniversal , meeting at a Brentwood restaurant recently . The pair shared an affectionate hug before Lewinsky looked crestfallen that they 'd been caught on camera .
Sources speculated about why Meyer — who is a Hillary Clinton donor and supporter — would be meeting with Monica .
One said , “ It seemed to be more of a friendly business meeting than a budding romance . Could there be a Monica movie in the works ? ”
But sources close to Meyer told us , “ They are longtime friends and decided to catch up when they were both in LA . There 's definitely no romance . Ron is married , and they certainly would n't be going to one of the most public power-lunch spots with Monica if they were sneaking around . ”
As for Lewinsky , we 're told they are still traveling worldwide and speaking about their anti-cyberbullying crusade , but they will not be drawn into taking sides on the election .
Meanwhile , Meyer has extended their contract with NBCUniversal for another five years . The contract extension is a vote of confidence by Comcast , which fully acquired the studio 's parent company , NBCUniversal , in 2013 . Meyer 's new deal comes off the back of a record-breaking 2015 for the studio 's box-office earnings .
The Nexus 5X is a good phone , but it 's been widely criticized for its subpar performance and general slow down in day-to-day use . If you 're the owner of one of these devices and are getting tired of rebooting it every couple of days , we 've got some good news for you . Along with the March security update that Google just announced yesterday , the Nexus 5X is getting some much-needed bug fixes and performance improvements .
Orrin , a Nexus Community Manager , took to Reddit earlier today to tell the community that the March security update includes bug fixes that will “ improve overall stability , connectivity and performance on the Nexus 5X. ” In a later comment , they explain that some of the fixes will help resolve the following issues :
General slow/sluggish performance
DND next alarm disappearing issue
Improvements with Bluetooth
WiFi connectivity improvements
Carrier-specific bug fixes
You may have noticed in our original post that two factory images were added for the 5X . Orrin clarifies that the “ majority of the world ( including major US carriers ) ” will be using the MHC19J build . Other variants will need to use build MMB29V .
The update should start rolling out to devices from today . If you are n't keen on waiting , feel free to flash the appropriate factory image at the link below . If you 've never done so , read our walkthrough here !
With the Anaheim Ducks officially kicking off their season Thursday , Oct. 5 against the Arizona Coyotes , its home , Honda Center , has unveiled three new food and beverage concepts , an expanded team store and a new 10,000 square foot gathering place at its south entrance .
The expansion creates a large and welcoming open space for fans to meet that will be typically open 90 minutes before an event . It 's located in between the new Anaheim Ducks team store and the new food and beverage options . Those include The Kitchen , Express Eats and the Sierra Nevada Draught House , all of which were placed where the 250-seat full service Standing ‘ O ' restaurant once was .
Related : First look at new Honda Center foods
“ The concourses in this building are extremely busy and this all of a sudden adds 10,000 square feet which takes a tremendous amount of pressure off of the rest of the facility , ” Honda Center President and CEO Tim Ryan said during a walk-through of the new digs , which were still rapidly being constructed Wednesday afternoon .
Honda Center president and CEO Tim Ryan poses in the new South Entrance to the 25-year-old building in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts which will be prepared by executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
The Honda Center 's new South Entrance in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts which will be prepared by executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Workers put the final touches on the Honda Center 's new South Entrance in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts which will be prepared by executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
A giant Stanley Cup is seen through a new entrance to the Ducks Team Store , part of the Honda Center 's new South Entrance in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
A new Sierra Nevada-themed patio sits off the new food and beverage area called “ The Kitchen , ” part of the Honda Center 's new South Entrance in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Honda Center president and CEO Tim Ryan shows off the new South Entrance in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts which will be prepared by executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle in “ The Kitchen , ” part of the Honda Center 's new South Entrance in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Workers put the final touches on the Honda Center 's new South Entrance in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts which will be prepared by executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Honda Center president and CEO Tim Ryan checks out the offerings at “ Express Eats , ” part of the Honda Center 's new South Entrance remodel in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Workers put the final touches on “ The Sierra Nevada Draught House , ” part of Honda Center 's new South Entrance remodel in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts which will be prepared by executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
A new entrance to the Ducks Team Store is part of the Honda Center 's new South Entrance in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
The new South Entrance to the Honda Center , part of a remodel to the 25-year-old building in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
The new South Entrance to the Honda Center , part of a remodel to the 25-year-old building in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Whole pizza made in a stone hearth oven , salads and sandwiches are some of the available items in the new eatery “ The Kitchen , ” part of the Honda CenterÕs new South Entrance remodel in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Honda Center president and CEO Tim Ryan walks into the Honda CenterÕs new South Entrance from the Team Store in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts which will be prepared by executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Workers put the final touches on the Honda CenterÕs new South Entrance in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts which will be prepared by executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Workers prepare the Honda CenterÕs new South Entrance for the season opener in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . The new construction connects the Ducks Team Store , the South Entrance and three new food and beverage concepts which will be prepared by executive chef Jo-Jo Doyle . ( Photo by Kevin Sullivan , Orange County Register/SCNG )
Fans walk through the new South Entrance before the Ducks ' home-opener at the Honda Center in Anaheim , CA on Wednesday , October 4 , 2017 . ( Photo by Bill Alkofer , Orange County Register/SCNG )
The open space will include a new walk-up bar just inside the new south entrance doors . Its marble counter top is approximately 22 feet wide and 44 feet long and it will also feature giant floating screens so fans do n't miss a moment of the action and so they can watch television pre-game . Hopefully you wo n't wait too long to get served : up to 16 bartenders will be at work , Ryan added .
“ My gut feeling on this is that this will become the central meeting place for Honda Center , ” Ryan said , noting that the bar area will not be completely finished for about six weeks .
“ This really speaks to the demographic of Orange County , ” they continued . “ You walk in here and this is what fans have come to expect – high-end merchandise and they want to get back to their seats quickly , but the days of serving just hot dogs , sodas and popcorn , that ship has sailed . Now , this allows us probably 30 more points of sale ( cash registers ) , which will get people back to their seats faster . Merchandise and food and beverage , it used to be a small part of the business , but now it 's an integral part of the experience . ”
Ryan also noted an increasing number of guests arriving to the venue via Uber or Lyft services – as many as 500 per concert and around 250 for hockey games – which has led to an increase in food and beverage sales .
Though the Shock Top Terrace , which serves about 1,200 guests , and the Jack Daniel 's Old No . 7 Club , which serves about 250 , are reserved for season ticket holders , premium suite and VIP guests , the new space will be open to the general public .
“ I 'm hoping that this kind of fills in all the blanks , so to speak , and now we have something for everybody , ” Ryan added .
Executive Chef Jo-Jo Doyle kept some fan-favorites from Standing ‘ O ' including the burgers , tacos and pizzas . Express Eats is exactly that , a grab-and-go concept with house-made prepackaged food including half rotisserie chicken or roasted meatloaf with green beans and mashed potatoes ; pizzas baked in “ stone hearth ovens , ” grilled chicken Caesar ; quinoa and roasted chicken mixed green salads and a variety of wraps .
The Kitchen will serve burgers ; carved meat sandwiches ; signature al pastor , chipotle chicken or carne asada tacos ; and loaded crinkle cut fries . Guests can also grab a beer from one of 10 taps at the Sierra Nevada Draught House as well as wine and signature cocktails .
“ What we 're going to do is train the staff on these food items and we 're always talking to our guests as they come in and out of the building and trust us , they tell us what they 're looking for and we welcome that , ” Doyle said .
Doyle , who said they certainly have “ the best job ever ” in creating these culinary experiences for fans , noted that for those coming in for the first time , he 's really digging the al pastor tacos .
“ I think they 're dope , ” they said . “ Any of the fries are awesome because that 's smoked tri-tip on there with beer cheese and it has a little tangy barbecue sauce on it . ”
The team store is now “ at least three times bigger ” than the old store and features a 7,000 square foot space ( which is not part of the 10,000 square feet used for the new south entrance ) and includes two new entrances on the outside for fans who want to shop on off-game days .
“ We have an entire wall of women 's merchandise and women 's cut shirts , not just jerseys , ” Ryan pointed out . “ We also have an entire line of children 's merchandise . ”
There 's also a large area within the team store with an entrance facing the new open space that will sell merchandise from any artists and events that roll into town .
In the past three years , Ryan said that Honda Center has upgraded its Wi-Fi twice , so guests will have better internet access . They 've also installed a custom LED lighting system that makes the playing surface for Ducks games more visually appealing and installed new carpet on the Pacific Premier Bank Club level concourse and within the suites . Within the next 12 months , the adjoining parking lots will be repaired and resurfaced and the seats on the east and west end of the arena will be replaced . It 's all part of an ongoing multi-million dollar renovation project that is a series of continual upgrades versus one large overhaul , which could shut down the venue for periods of time .
“ You have to provide the people with what they 're looking for and I think this is another concept that meets that goal , ” Ryan said . “ It all starts with creating a great experience for any kind of event . ”
