Authorities are urging some people who live in a Volusia County to check their bank accounts immediately after a skimmer device was found at a grocery store .
Daytona Beach Shores Department of Public Safety officers recovered the device from the Presto ATM outside the Publix Supermarket located at 3050 South Atlantic Avenue Sunday morning . They were tipped off by the store 's management .
An initial examination of the device showed that it was equipped with a card reader and electronic memory to capture and store credit card and personal identification numbers . That information can then be used to make cloned credit cards .
Investigators are asking anyone who used the ATM between 9 a.m. Saturday and 9 a.m. Sunday to immediately notify their banks and inform them that their account information may have been compromised .
The suspect was described as a male in their 20 's .
If you have any information on the incident , you 're asked to contact the Daytona Beach Shores Public Safety at ( 386 ) 527-8273 .
Tespa , a collegiate esports club association under Blizzard Entertainment , announced its plan for the 2017-18 academic calendar on Wednesday , offering over $ 1 million in scholarships and prizes to students clashing in six games . It will also launch Tespa University , a platform for college players to connect and compete .
Leagues for Overwatch , Hearthstone and Heroes of the Storm are returning from last year , alongside new additions of Blizzard 's own World of Warcraft and StarCraft II , as well as Rocket League by Psyonix .
The extracurricular activities come in two tiers : Collegiate Series and Training Grounds . The former is a premier league for top-tier talents , while the latter welcomes all players to develop skills as an offseason open league .
The fall season will kick off with premier leagues for Overwatch , World of Warcraft and Rocket League , and the other titles will be spring 's main feature in rotation . Adam and Tyler Rosen , the twin brothers who co-founded Tespa , say designating three games to each season makes sense for both the organization and students .
`` With traditional sports , football opens in the fall and basketball will be in the spring , '' Adam Rosen said . `` We also try to spread our premier season out , so that students do n't have to compete at top levels at the entire duration of the year . We also think it is more compelling broadcasting experience . ''
Tespa will be showing six games every week and producing highlight programs . Adam Rosen said a detailed plan for broadcasting platforms will be announced before the season starts and the goal is to garner as much audience as possible .
The Rosens built the organization in 2012 as Texas eSports Association while attending University of Texas at Austin . The past five years saw its growth to 182 chapters and another 38 developing across North America . In previous seasons , only students in schools with active Tespa chapters were eligible for membership . Starting this year , Tespa University is opening enrollment to all college students in North America , including part-time and graduate students .
Karla Kraiss has been part of University Utah 's Tespa chapter since their first-year student year . The game programming major , returning for a fifth and final year this semester , says they are excited about the membership rule change .
`` There are a lot of smaller universities where they ca n't start a chapter , '' Kraiss said . `` We have a lot of people from the community , people from these small schools in Salt Lake City , just walking to the events we had but we could n't let them participate . Now we can say , 'You are welcome to join us . ' ''
Kraiss said it still amazes them how the campus esports community has grown . Them first viewing party of League of Legends World Championship in 2013 had 30 to 40 people . A year later , over 250 gathered at 4 a.m. in the Megaplex Theatres . This past year , the party attendance doubled to standing-room only and attracted local media coverage . Utah also made history in April when it became the first Power 5 school with a varsity esports program .
Reminiscing about their dorm days as Longhorns , Adam and Tyler Rosen are optimistic that powerful brands like Texas and Utah will help attract broader audiences to college esports scene because of the inherent relations they have to the college brands .
`` Anyone who is n't a gamer , is n't a hardcore follower of esports , would be able to see two powerhouses of college brands fighting against each other for a national championship title , '' Adam Rosen said . `` That 's really exciting because we think it 's a great opportunity to introduce esports to a new audience and to make a lifelong fan . ''
Interface
Make the Start Screen yours
Hover over image to enlarge
Most of the changes in Windows 8.1 are visible straight from the Start Screen . New sizes of Live Tiles that offer more information or reduce clutter on screen , additional motion backgrounds , and the ability to set any image as the Start Screen wallpaper make for an improved and refined interface . The transition between desktop mode and `` Metro '' is a lot less jarring now , and there are even options to boot to desktop or set a new All Apps view as the default home page for the Start Screen .
Microsoft appears to be listening to its Windows 8 critics here , making 8.1 a more customizable experience that suits all needs . Altering the new Start Screen takes some getting used to if you 're used to the old method , as you have to hold down on Tiles to move and change their size or position . It feels less intuitive than before , but it also prevents accidental swipes and movements so there 's a tradeoff involved . The lock screen has also been tweaked to include quick access to the camera , the ability to quickly accept Skype calls , and a slideshow feature that pulls pictures from SkyDrive or the local PC . These features are minor , but good additions for upcoming 7- and 8-inch devices .
The Start button returns
The controversial Start button returns to Windows 8 , and if you want you can almost combine it with the Apps view to create a Start Menu of sorts . The button is simply a visual element that takes you back to the Start Screen , but you can also right-click on it and access power user commands and the shutdown or restart options . Its return should help ease one of the usability complaints around Windows 8 , but it does very little to change the way you have to interact with the Charms or the recently used apps with a mouse and keyboard . Fortunately the hot corners can be disabled so if you want to totally avoid the `` Metro '' world then it 's possible to do so without third-party software now .
Side by side , multi-monitor , Miracast
One of the biggest changes in Windows 8.1 is the ability to have greater control over snapped applications . In Windows 8 apps could run side-by-side , but it was rather limited with a roughly 30 / 70 percent split . Microsoft is altering this dramatically in Windows 8.1 , allowing apps to snap in a new 50 / 50 modes . You can also change that percentage to better control how much of an app you see on screen . This means it 's possible to snap three , four , or more apps alongside each other . There 's a limit , but it 's based on the number of 500 pixel increments you can fit on a display . On 7- and 8-inch tablets , Windows 8.1 will support the 50 / 50 view in landscape mode , with the majority of improvements aimed at portrait mode and reading scenarios .
Multiple monitor support is greatly improved
Multiple monitor support for Windows 8-style applications has been greatly improved in Windows 8.1 . In our testing you can snap multiple apps across multiple displays and even extend a machine wirelessly to a Miracast-compatible display . Microsoft is supporting Miracast natively and it has surfaced as part of the Devices Charm with the project option . Snapping apps on multiple monitors is a little confusing , and dragging apps between monitors does n't always have the desired effect . I found that the Start Screen would often jump to the active monitor , making it tricky to arrange apps . Still , the support is welcome and it certainly makes Metro a lot more appealing on desktop and laptop computers without a touchscreen .
Access PC settings from Metro
With Windows 8 , you had to use the traditional Windows desktop Control Panel to adjust practically any important setting on the computer , and if you 're a power user or find yourself troubleshooting computers often , that might still be the case . But for most tablet users , the new touch-based PC settings will probably be enough for most anything . It 's still a bit of a mess of nested options as of the Windows 8.1 preview build , and you might be better off just searching for what you want , but if you 're looking to change the screen resolution or how long the computer will sit idle before it goes to sleep , these new menus have you covered .
I told my exchange match that I was really into the band , Phish and the man sent me a screen printed poster from one of their shows last summer ! It 's designed by Us & Them and is number 381/675 from their show in Kansas City , MO . I love Phish and have always wanted a poster but have n't been able to get my hands on one at any of the shows I 've been to so there really is nothing more I could have asked for . I had to post a picture as soon as I opened it , but I will frame it and post pictures soon . 10/10 will art print exchange again .
UPDATE : Apparently my exchange match , Ben had originally ordered something other than the KC poster , but ran into complications with the distributor and thought they would not be sent so I got another three posters today in the mail ! I 'm not sure who they are made by ( J20 it looks like ? ) , but they are all signed and numbered . I think I remember seeing the original artist selling these in the parking lot before one of the SPAC shows , but now I 'll definitely be keeping an eye out for him . My favorite has to be the Atlantic City poker card one ( I was at two of the three nights ! ) , but the Godzilla one of the east coast run is epic and I love the octopus connection between Portsmouth and KC . I am extremely grateful for Ben 's generosity and really hope I can reciprocate their kindness in my next exchange .
-SenorMcSki
Jerry Brown ( left ) was caught on tape discussing strategies for combatting Meg Whitman . | AP Photo Brown associate : Call Whitman 'whore '
California 's gubernatorial campaign took another tabloid turn Thursday after an associate of Democrat Jerry Brown was recorded suggesting that Brown call Republican Meg Whitman a `` whore . ''
The comment came after Brown left a voicemail message for a Los Angeles Police Protective League official last month , the Los Angeles Times reports .
Story Continued Below
Brown and an unidentified associate did not realize they were being recorded as they discussed their frustrations with how the state pensions issue has played in Whitman 's favor .
`` Do we want to put an ad out ? That I have been warned if I crack down on pensions , I will be that they 'll go to Whitman , and that 's where they 'll go because they know Whitman will give 'em , will cut them a deal , but I wo n't , '' Brown said .
A second voice then jumps in and says , `` What about saying she 's a whore ? ''
`` Well , I 'm going to use that , '' Brown responds on the recording . `` It proves you 've cut a secret deal to protect the pensions . ''
Brown campaign spokesperson Clifford Sterling confirmed the authenticity of the call , which Whitman 's camp has begun to seize on to attack Brown .
`` The use of the term 'whore ' is an insult to both Meg Whitman and to the women of California . This is an appalling and unforgivable smear against Meg Whitman , '' said Whitman campaign spokesperson Sarah Pompei . `` At the very least Mr. Brown tacitly approved this despicable slur and they themselves may have used the term at least once on this recording . ''
PHOENIX -- When it comes to defensive tackle Louis Nix , Bill O'Brien 's words are n't plentiful , but they 're pointed .
During today 's coaches ' breakfast at the NFL league meetings , the Houston Texans coach addressed a variety of topics for their hour-long session .
Asked for an update on outside linebacker Jadeveon Clowney , guard Xavier Su ' a-Filo and Nix , three 2014 draft picks who did n't play much last season for various reasons . They mentioned being pleased with Clowney 's progress and work ethic . They called Su ' a-Filo a hard worker who 's in the office rehabbing every day O'Brien is . On Nix they said this :
`` I have not seen Louis Nix , '' O'Brien said . `` I do n't know . He 's working out somewhere in Florida I guess . Have n't seen him . But that 's their prerogative , so do n't read anything into that . When they show back up here for the offseason program , especially the younger players , the younger players need to be ready to roll . So hopefully he 's ready to go . ''
I asked what they need to see change from last season in Nix .
`` I would say the ability to make it through a practice , '' O'Brien said . `` That would be the biggest thing I need to see . ''
This is n't the first time O'Brien has revealed some of their frustration with Nix 's development . During the season they cited Nix 's need to learn how to be a professional . To that end , Nix will have a great resource in the recently signed Vince Wilfork . O'Brien hopes they use it .
`` If you 're a young player in that defensive line room and you 've got J.J. Watt and Vince Wilfork in that room , you 'd be crazy not to kind of follow those guys around , '' O'Brien said . `` Now you do n't have to try and be like them , but I think you 'd be nuts if you did n't use those guys as examples . You 've got the best defensive player in the league , and then you 've got this guy who 's going to go down as one of the best interior linemen to ever play the game , and you 're a first or second-year player in that room . You 're not going to follow that example ?
`` It 's going to be a great opportunity for Louis Nix . ''
Joe Berlinger will direct the film , which will be told from the perspective of Bundy 's longtime girlfriend , Elizabeth Kloepfer .
Ahead of the release of their latest film Baywatch , Zac Efron has signed on to a new film project , and he 'll be playing one of the world 's most notorious serial killers .
Efron will star as Ted Bundy in Extremely Wicked , Shockingly Evil and Vile , which will be helmed by Oscar-nominated documentary filmmaker Joe Berlinger ( Paradise Lost 3 : Purgatory ) .
Michael Werwie wrote the script for the project , which is told through the perspective of Elizabeth Kloepfer , Bundy 's longtime girlfriend , who went years denying the accusations against Bundy but ultimately turned them in to the police . Only nearing their execution , when Bundy began talking about their extensive and heinous murders , did Kloepfer , and the rest of the world , learn the true scope of their numerous and grisly crimes .
The script earned Werwie the coveted Nicholl Fellowship first prize and landed on the Black List .
Voltage is introducing the hot project — which paints Bundy as a portrait of evil yet simultaneously chillingly normal — to buyers in Cannes .
Nicolas Chartier and Ara Keshishian are producing via Voltage along with Michael Costigan ( Ghost in the Shell , Out of the Furnace ) . Efron 's Ninjas Runnin ' Wild banner will produce alongside Michael Simkin and Jason Barrett .
Principal photography is set to begin Oct. 9 . Voltage will fully finance and is handling international sales . CAA and UTA represent domestic rights .
Efron has spent the majority of the last few years starring in comedies ; the role in Extremely Wicked will take them into dramatically dark waters .
They next stars opposite Dwayne Johnson in Paramount 's comedy Baywatch , and also stars in the upcoming musical The Greatest Showman with Hugh Jackman . Efron is repped by CAA , Alchemy Entertainment and Felker Toczek .
Joe Berlinger co-directed the critically acclaimed Paradise Lost : The Child Murders at Robin Hood Hills , along with the recent doc Tony Robbins : I Am Not Your Guru . They are repped by CAA and Lighthouse Management & Media .
I made it Imagine Rigney Quoting Jay Rhum Wow wow wow ! This creation is particularly awesome ! Since I played this great game , I found you perfectly reproduced Rapture City , and the first scene of the game ! I espescially love the transparent tunnels , and the undersea wildlife ! Congratulation , it gives me great ideas for the submarine secret basis I planned to build for my big submarine . I did n't have any idea how the lighting from the `` water ceiling '' would work until I lit it up the first time . I have both blue and green LEDs in there to give it that eerie underwater glow . It turned out way better than I thought it would being it was my first time using LifeLites . I would definitely recommend them . The glass tunnels are part of my favorite things about this MOC too . Thanks ! I did n't have any idea how the lighting from the `` water ceiling '' would work until I lit it up the first time . I have both blue and green LEDs in there to give it that eerie underwater glow . It turned out way better than I thought it would being it was my first time using LifeLites . I would definitely recommend them . The glass tunnels are part of my favorite things about this MOC too . Thanks !
Jill Stein had plans to spend the day of the first presidential debate on the Hofstra University campus where the debate was being held , but those plans were disrupted when police escorted them off campus shortly after they arrived . What happened ?
Here 's what you need to know .
Jill Stein was planning to hold a rally at Hofstra University before the debates , with supporters arriving on campus around 4:30 p.m. Eastern . Then , Stein was scheduled to host a Twitter Q & A at 5:30 p.m. , followed by answering debate questions on a live stream during the debate . But their plans changed when they were escorted off campus around around 2:30 p.m. Eastern when they were supposed to have an interview with MSNBC .
Stein was on their way to an interview with MSNBC when the Nassau County police and Hofstra security stopped her , they said on Twitter .
We were on our way to an interview with @ MSNBC when we were stopped by Hofstra security and Nassau County police just now . # debatenight pic.twitter.com/Y0fQjih47Y — Dr. Jill Stein ( @ DrJillStein ) September 26 , 2016
MSNBC was questioned , despite having credentials for them .
Two police SUVs just pulled up and @ MSNBC was questioned even though they had credentials for us at Hofstra for # debatenight . pic.twitter.com/1pbcIyS80g — Dr. Jill Stein ( @ DrJillStein ) September 26 , 2016
Stein did a quick impromptu press conference for MSNBC before being escorted off campus by the police and told not to do any more press appearances there .
We were immediately escorted off of the Hofstra campus after the press conference just now and told not to do any more press . # debatenight pic.twitter.com/ZFr49NPMuH — Dr. Jill Stein ( @ DrJillStein ) September 26 , 2016
After they were escorted from the campus , the police put them in a van that was stopped twice , Stein tweeted . The Nassau Deputy Police Chief McCarthy told Stein : “ ( Jill ) is not public enemy number one , ” they shared on Twitter . Stein later tweeted a photo with Chief Canavan of the Nassau County Police and said that they were very nice to them But , they added , they wo n't be silenced despite being escorted off campus . She 's since removed that tweet from their feed . They wrote on Facebook about the event :
This is what democracy looks like in America today . ”
It 's unclear if Stein will need to move their protests and live streams to a location off campus this evening . However , wherever they are , they will still be responding live to the debate questions later tonight , watching the candidates ' responses , and answering questions on Twitter and Facebook .
Get the biggest rugby stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Wales ' four regions are set for a major financial boost as part of the European rugby peace deal .
They are on course to see their share of Euro cash rising from just over £4m to just under £7m through the settlement which is due to be announced next week .
That will mean revenue for the Ospreys , Scarlets , Blues and Dragons rising from about £1.1m to £1.7m apiece .
This will come as a huge boost for the regions who have been seeking additional funding to help them become more competitive and hold on to their Wales stars .
The cash increase has been secured via the six-year accord which will see the creation of a new 20-team competition to replace the existing Heineken Cup .
Under the new deal , Euro revenue is to be split equally between the three competing leagues - the Aviva Premiership , French Top 14 and Pro12 - with each league guaranteed a minimum of £20m .
The Pro12 £20m will be divided pretty much equally between the four countries involved in the league - Wales , Ireland , Scotland and Italy - at around £5m each .
But after the first £60m of Euro cash is divided three ways , the next £4m will go to the Pro12 and the majority of it will head into Welsh and Irish coffers to reflect the fact they both contribute four teams to Europe whereas Scotland and Italy provide just two .
That would see Wales and Ireland both receiving about £6.8m , with Scotland and Italy ending up with £5.1m each .
Gallery : Famous Welsh European wins the regions will be looking to repeat in new era
If you 're reading this on your mobile , our FREE new app Welsh Rugby Addicts is available now on iPhone by clicking here and Android by clicking here
There is confidence that the overall Euro pot will exceed £64m , with Sky and BT having now reached agreement over joint television coverage .
So the Welsh regions appear on course to receive a sizeable windfall .
Moving forward , if Euro revenue rises above £80m , they will get a bigger share of the cash again and the aim is for the three leagues to be sharing £100m within five years .
The regions are also in line for additional cash as part of their new agreement with the Welsh Rugby Union , which is still under discussion .
Under the original Participation Agreement - which the regions refused to sign - they were due to receive £6.6m from WRU central funds .
That money was to cover issues such as international player release , observing overseas player quotas , plus a range of other issues .
The Union was also due to provide an additional £600,000 towards the cost of running the regional academies .
As part of the new Rugby Services Agreement being proposed by the WRU , the amount of money on the table for the professional game in Wales is now up to £9.3m .
That includes £2m a year which has been secured via sponsors to pay for the central contracting of star players , as well as the £600,000 of academy funding .
If a system for implementing some form of national contracts for elite players can be agreed upon , then the regions would no longer have to pay their wages , but would still be able to utilise them .
That , in turn , would free up additional cash to spend on bolstering the rest of their squads .
It 's understood the regions ' ultimate target is to share £24m a year , compared with the current £16m , and they look to be moving closer towards that goal .
Adding the enhanced Euro cash to the money they receive - largely through broadcasting contracts - for taking part in the Pro12 , the regions will see their competition revenue rise from around £9.6m to about £12.5m .
And £9.3m from the WRU sees the professional game pot rising to close on £22m .
CTVNews.ca Staff
A Canadian-born man is fighting to stay in the country as they face the prospect of deportation to India by the Canadian government after serving time for weapons and drug trafficking .
Deepan Budlakoti , 23 , has lived their entire life in Canada , but for months they have been caught in what they call a bureaucratic nightmare after the Canadian government revoked their passport and issued a deportation order .
Budlakoti could be sent to India – a country he 's never set foot in .
“ I do n't know no one there , I have no family there . I have no nothing there , ” they told CTV News .
Budlakoti has an Ontario birth certificate and their passport indicated Ottawa as their birthplace – proof they said , that they are Canadian .
Budlakoti 's parents are from India and came to Canada to work as support staff at the Indian High Commission in Ottawa . According to the Immigration and Refugee Board , Budlakoti 's father was a foreign diplomat when their son was born .
By law , the children of foreign diplomats , even if born in Canada , do not automatically become Canadian citizens .
According to Citizenship and Immigration Canada , their passport application “ claimed incorrectly that they were a citizen ” and that “ he was convicted , and served significant jail time , for trafficking both weapons and drugs . ”
While the Canadian government demands that they be deported , India does n't want them either .
“ He is our responsibility . It is for us to attend to our responsibilities , ” Budlakoti 's lawyer Peter Stieda told CTV News .
Sukanya Pillay , a director at the Canadian Civil Liberties Association , says Budlakoti may have a strong case to fight the deportation under international law .
“ What constitutes one 's own country in international law does n't depend solely on citizenship and nationality , it depends on the country to which you have the most ties , ” Pillay said .
Budlakoti says while they served their time and paid their debt to society , they regret their criminal past .
“ I was doing stupid things , ” they said . “ I wish I could go back and change it but I ca n't . ”
They said now they are older and they are ready to move on with their life – in Canada .
“ If your son was born in Canada and then getting deported to a different country he 's never been to , how would they feel , ” they said .
With a report from CTV 's Omar Sachedina
A Harley-Davidson motorcycle believed to have traversed the Pacific Ocean to western Canada after being swept from coastal Japan during a March 2011 tsunami has been claimed by a Japanese man .
Ikuo Yokoyama , 29 , of Yamamoto , Japan , says a Harley-Davidson representative tracked them down after the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. ran a story about the bike , which was found in a storage container on British Columbia 's Haida Gwaii islands , the CBC reported .
Harley-Davidson now intends to restore the bike , which had rusted but still had its Miyagi Prefecture license plate , and send it back to Yokoyama , Japanese broadcaster NHK reported Wednesday .
Yokoyama , who NHK reported lost three family members and their home in the disaster , said they were `` so glad that ( the motorcycle ) will be returned to me . ”
“ I would like to thank the man who found my bike in person , ” Yokoyama said in an NHK interview aired on the CBC .
Peter Mark , a Haida Gwaii resident , told the CBC that they found the container - and the motorcycle , golf clubs , camping equipment and tools inside - on a beach on April 18 .
“ First I thought , this has got to be the craziest thing anyone has ever found , ” Mark told the CBC . “ Then I looked a little closer and the license had Japanese writing on it . The wall of the trailer had Japanese print on the tags . And the first thing that popped into my head was this is likely from the tsunami in Japan . ”
Thousands of people in Japan were killed on March 11 , 2011 , during a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and a subsequent tsunami . The tsunami swept an enormous amount of debris from the island nation into the Pacific .
About 70 % of the debris sank , according to Japanese government estimates , and no one knows how much of the remaining 1.5 million tons of debris still is floating in the Pacific .
But U.S. officials say some items from the disaster may be washing up on North American shores , thousands of miles from Japan , and that residents along the North Pacific should expect reports of debris to increase and continue over the next couple of years .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says there is no current `` debris field . '' Rather , items , large and small , are scattered over a huge swath of the North Pacific and may make landfall intermittently .
Last month , CNN reported that a soccer ball found washed up on a remote Alaskan beach apparently belongs to a Japanese teenager . And the U.S. Coast Guard fired on and sank a rust-stained fishing trawler - swept from Japan by the tsunami - in Alaskan waters , saying that the unmanned vessel was a hazard to mariners .
Projected 57kg Seeds
Tyler Graff Nahshon Garrett Nathan Tomasello Nico Megaludis Zach Sanders Frank Perrelli Alan Waters Jesse Delgado Darian Cruz Thomas Gilman
& amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; span id= '' selection-marker-1 '' class= '' redactor-selection-marker '' data-verified= '' redactor '' & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; /span & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
Projected 61kg Seeds
Kendric Maple Brandon Wright Josh Kindig Cody Brewer Joe Colon Seth Gross Chris Dardanes Jayson Ness
Projected 65kg Seeds
Frank Molinaro Zain Retherford BJ Futrell Evan Henderson Kellen Russell Nick Dardanes Mario Mason Dean Heil
Projected 70kg Seeds
Jimmy Kennedy Nazar Kulchytskyy Chase Pami Jason Nolf Alec Pantaleo Jason Chamberlain Tommy Gantt Dylan Ness
& amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; span id= '' selection-marker-1 '' class= '' redactor-selection-marker '' data-verified= '' redactor '' & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; /span & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
Projected 74kg Seeds
Kyle Dake Alex Dieringer Isaiah Martinez Anthony Valencia Kevin LeValley Chance Marsteller
Projected 86kg Seeds
David Taylor Rich Perry Nick Heflin Bo Nickal Pat Downey III Gabe Dean Kyle Crutchmer Austin Trotman Josh Asper Joe Rau
& amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; span id= '' selection-marker-1 '' class= '' redactor-selection-marker '' data-verified= '' redactor '' & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ; & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; /span & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
Projected 97kg Seeds
Kyven Gadson Dustin Kilgore Micah Burak Nathan Burak Nikko Reyes Kallen Kleinschmidt Ty Walz Matt Williams Hayden Zillmer Blaize Cabell
Projected 125kg Seeds
Zach Rey Dom Bradley Bobby Telford Tony Nelson Justin Grant Nathan Butler
It 's almost that time . World Team Trials are this Saturday , June 10th . Even though the brackets are small , it is one of the more fun tournaments to break down matchups for.Below are the wrestlers who have earned byes to the finals . Stieber earned theirs by winning a world title in December , while Cox and Snyder hold byes by virtue of being Olympic medalists . Note , Jordan Oliver won the U.S. Open but has withdrawn from the trials.Tony Ramos , Sunkist Kids WC/Tar Heel WCLogan Stieber , Titan Mercury WC/Ohio RTCJames Green , Titan Mercury/NWTCJordan Burroughs , Sunkist Kids/NWTCJ'den Cox , Titan Mercury/Missouri Wrestling FoundationKyle Snyder , Titan Mercury/Ohio RTCNick Gwiazdowski , Titan Mercury/Wolfpack WCSo the seven wrestlers above will be sitting out until Saturday night , waiting to see who they will face in the best-of-three finals . Remember , seeding is done by the coaches of the respective clubs who will be competing this weekend . Seeding criteria can be found here The fields vary in size depending upon who has qualified , and not everyone who has qualified is expected to compete . Finally , please be aware that you can wrestle at any weight as long as you are qualified . For example , an athlete who placed at 57kg at the Open could bump to 61kg for Lincoln.Without further ado , here are our projected seeds for each weight .
Roger Stone : I Never Spoke to Trump About Firing Comey – But They Are a “ Little J. Edgar Hoover ” ( Video )
CNN published a report on Tuesday that former adviser Roger Stone recommended firing FBI Director James Comey .
Trump tweeted out this morning that the CNN headline was just more “ fake news . ”
The Roger Stone report on @ CNN is false – Fake News . Have not spoken to Roger in a long time – had nothing to do with my decision . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 10 , 2017
On Wednesday Roger Stone joined Steve Malzberg on Newsmax TV to discuss the accusations .
Roger Stone told Steve they never claimed to talk to Trump about Comey 's firing . Stone then added , “ Comey was becoming a “ little J. Edgar Hoover ” and “ had to go . ”
Stone also tweeted out that they were not the source of the CNN report nor did they urge President Trump to fire Comey .
I am not the source of Politico/ CNN stories claiming I urged @ realDonaldTrump 2 fire Comey . Never made such claim . I support decision 100 % — Roger Stone ( @ RogerJStoneJr ) May 10 , 2017
TUESDAY NIGHT , President Obama ended their speech with a familiar refrain , asking God to bless us and bless our country .
Last month , after we had watched the Inauguration , it was one of my church-going students who asked , `` Why was there so much religion ? '' Other students asked , `` Why was there a Christian prayer ? What about Jews ? '' Finally , one 11-year-old girl , whose family is not religious , said , in response to the `` God bless America '' line , `` I felt like somebody who 's going to be important to me left me out . ''
May those who share religious belief share that gladly , in church or in private gatherings . At public events of the government that belongs to us all , let the blessings invoked be the blessings all of us can bestow : those of our own hearts and minds , our hopes and efforts , the energies Obama has proved so talented at evoking .
Our country needs the energy and thought of all our future citizens . I ca n't think of one good thing that comes from drawing a circle and leaving even one of my students outside it .
Polly Brown
Hopkinton
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
City dispatchers are jammed up by a growing number of 911 calls , and while an increase in reported crimes is contributing to the problem , there may be another unexpected reason for the jump — butt dials .
A recent Google study of S.F . 's Department of Emergency Management found that some 29 percent of sampled emergency calls were accidental dials . Of the sample , 197 accidental calls were from cellphones , while only 79 were from lines to a building .
The Google study released in October is cited in a city controller 's report released last week that shows the department has struggled to keep up with an uptick in 911 calls .
The national standard , which San Francisco is falling behind , is answering emergency calls within 10 seconds , according to the annual report on the performance of city agencies released Thursday .
“ Their service levels have decreased in tandem with the call volume increase , ” said Natasha Mihal , a project manager for the controller 's office who worked on the annual report . “ Their target is that they want to answer 90 percent ” within that 10 second time frame .
The Department of Emergency Management , which employs more than 140 dispatchers and office staff , answered a monthly average of 72 to 83 percent of calls within ten seconds , falling short of the national 90 percent standard , the report said .
So the team from Google set out to find out why . The team analyzed the department 's monthly emergency call volumes and data from the computer-aided dispatch system between 2011 and 2015 .
Google found the department answered 1.2 million calls in 2014 , or 28 percent more than in 2011 . “ It 's clear that call volume is increasing and will continue to increase , ” the study reads .
The reasons for the increase are complex , but the study points to three main reasons for it : Accidental calls , several calls for the same incident — almost everyone has a cellphone in San Francisco — and a growing number of incidents reported .
“ They found that a large portion of the increase is coming from accidental dials of 911 as well as multiple calls either about the same incident or someone will dial in , hang up and call back again , ” said Mihal .
“ Everyone has cellphones , ” Mihal said . The report seemed to agree , pointing to the nationwide increase in cellphone ownership and San Francisco 's population boom . More people with cellphones means more duplicate calls , according to the report .
The Google study recommended the department automate parts of its computer-aided dispatch system and callback system to weed out accidental callers .
Mihal said the department has hired additional staff and made operational changes in line with the recommendations . A representative for the Department of Emergency Management was not immediately available to comment .
Click here or scroll down to comment
A much smaller segment of the U.S. resident population has the potential to be exposed to higher levels of aviation and Interstate highway noise . Less than one-tenth of a percent of the population could potentially experience noise levels of 80 decibels or more , equivalent to the noise level of a garbage disposal ( See Table ) .
The purpose of the noise map is to facilitate the tracking of trends in transportation-related noise , by mode , and collectively for multiple transportation modes . The data allow viewing the national picture of potential exposure to aviation and highway noise . The data also allow viewing of the potential exposure at the state or county level .
The National Transportation Noise Map will be an addition to the National Transportation Atlas Database ( NTAD ) , a set of nationwide geographic databases of transportation facilities , networks , and associated infrastructure available from the BTS Geospatial Data Catalog . The layers will be updated on an annual basis , and future versions of the National Transportation Noise Map are envisioned to include additional transportation noise sources , such as rail and maritime .
The BTS map contains aircraft and road noise inventory data provided as web map services ( WMS ) for use with Geographic Information Systems ( GIS ) , computer programs that can store , analyze , and present spatial or geographic data .
The geospatial data provides a basis for understanding what-if scenarios and helping policymakers to prioritize noise-related transportation investments . Using the National Transportation Noise Map data , BTS highlighted the percentage of total U.S. resident population that had the potential to be exposed to the following A-weighted 24-hour equivalent sound levels ( LAEQ ) ( a-weighted , average sound level for the day ) from aviation and Interstate road noise in the year 2014 .
For the first time , and to the surprise of politicos and pundits , the most recent YouGov poll has put the Yes to independence campaign ahead of the No by two points ( 51 percent to 49 percent ) . Polls are imperfect predictors , and it 's worth noting that another polling company , Panelbase , still has the Better Together ( No ) campaign ahead 52 percent to 48 percent . If I were putting money on it , I 'd probably take my cue from gamblers . The British betting exchange Betfair still gives the unionists a 72 percent chance of victory . Referendums are unruly beasts to predict , but I imagine that come September 18 , the status quo of the United Kingdom will prevail .
It is an ancient question , battled over `` thro ' many warlike ages , '' as Scotland 's favorite son , poet Robert Burns , wrote more than 200 years ago . It is a question weighted with issues of sovereignty , identity , realpolitik , ideology , and money . But on the day of the Scottish independence referendum , this complicated question will be stripped of nuance and answerable in only one of two ways in the ballot box : Yes or No .
Fanciful future hypotheticals aside , Great Britain now finds itself at a moment pregnant with historical significance but lacking the bloodshed and war-waging typical of events we call `` history . '' The Sceptered Isles face a point of existential reckoning that many thought would never come . On September 18 , the people of Scotland will be asked to answer one question : Should Scotland be an independent country ?
The year is 2085 . Your great-grandchild is scanning them iHand , browsing for cultural artifacts from the olden days . Befuddled , they watch a clip from 1997 of the Spice Girls performing at an awards ceremony . `` What 's that lady wearing ? '' they ask , pointing at Ginger Spice . You reply : `` Darling , that is a dress made from the Union Jack flag . It was the old flag for Great Britain , when Scotland was united with England , Wales , and Northern Ireland . It 's a very old flag ; it 's not used anymore . ''
Read more
The year is 2085 . Your great-grandchild is scanning them iHand , browsing for cultural artifacts from the olden days . Befuddled , they watch a clip from 1997 of the Spice Girls performing at an awards ceremony . `` What 's that lady wearing ? '' they ask , pointing at Ginger Spice . You reply : `` Darling , that is a dress made from the Union Jack flag . It was the old flag for Great Britain , when Scotland was united with England , Wales , and Northern Ireland . It 's a very old flag ; it 's not used anymore . ''
Fanciful future hypotheticals aside , Great Britain now finds itself at a moment pregnant with historical significance but lacking the bloodshed and war-waging typical of events we call `` history . '' The Sceptered Isles face a point of existential reckoning that many thought would never come . On September 18 , the people of Scotland will be asked to answer one question : Should Scotland be an independent country ?
It is an ancient question , battled over `` thro ' many warlike ages , '' as Scotland 's favorite son , poet Robert Burns , wrote more than 200 years ago . It is a question weighted with issues of sovereignty , identity , realpolitik , ideology , and money . But on the day of the Scottish independence referendum , this complicated question will be stripped of nuance and answerable in only one of two ways in the ballot box : Yes or No .
Sorry everyone — Scotland is not the world 's new cocaine capital . Read more here .
For the first time , and to the surprise of politicos and pundits , the most recent YouGov poll has put the Yes to independence campaign ahead of the No by two points ( 51 percent to 49 percent ) . Polls are imperfect predictors , and it 's worth noting that another polling company , Panelbase , still has the Better Together ( No ) campaign ahead 52 percent to 48 percent . If I were putting money on it , I 'd probably take my cue from gamblers . The British betting exchange Betfair still gives the unionists a 72 percent chance of victory . Referendums are unruly beasts to predict , but I imagine that come September 18 , the status quo of the United Kingdom will prevail .
I hope I am wrong .
If I were facing the terse binary posed by the referendum , my answer would be Yes , Scotland should be an independent country . But I support Scottish independence in a manner appropriate to the reductive nature of a yes/no referendum . Most simply , I support a nation accessing its own sovereignty . It is an imperial archaism that a country 's primary legislature remains based outside of its borders .
Sir Walter Scott made this very point in 1707 when two parliamentary acts united the kingdoms of England and Scotland . They wrote , `` I ken , when we had a king , and a chancellor , and parliament — men o ' our ain , we could ace peeble them wi ' stones when they werena gude bairns — But naebody 's nails can reach the length o ' Lunnon [ London ] . ''
In short , and updated : The people of Scotland have less power to influence and hold accountable a government based in London than one based in Scotland .
It is an imperial archaism that a country 's primary legislature remains based outside of its borders .
Referendums are blunt instruments . They do n't address the work of hashing out a detailed picture of independence should the voters choose Yes , and they do n't explain what continued unity should entail in the wake of an impressive but failed push for independence . The final run up to the vote is steeped in emotion ; such is the nature of national identity . But what about , to borrow from the Scottish Play , `` when the hurlyburly 's done , when the battle 's lost and won '' ?
If Scotland emerges independent , the banalities of governance in a world of global capital will soon supplant any utopian dreams of freedom and independence . ( And the Queen will remain Scotland 's monarch — some archaisms just wo n't budge ) . Alex Salmond , the Scottish First Minister and leader of the Scottish National Party , will not oversee Scotland 's swift transition into an egalitarian socialist otherworld , fed comfortably by North Sea oil , à la a Scandinavian petro-state . Scotland is no Norway ; it has no vast sovereign wealth fund . And Norway is no paradise either .
The kicker , too , is currency , as the unionists are emphasizing in their campaign 's final throes . Haunted by the lessons of the Eurozone , the Governor of the Bank of England has made clear that a currency union in which Scotland could continue using the pound would not be an option . It 's a fiscal `` Fuck you '' from England 's central bank , as a fiscally independent Scotland would likely struggle to gain access to capital markets without any history of debt issuance . These are the vagaries of nation statehood in the globalized world ; they have little regard for Celtic spirit . William Wallace did n't have to negotiate for drilling rights in the North Sea .
JK Rowling joins anti-Scottish independence campaign with £1 million donation . Read more here .
Much of the separatist campaign has admirably articulated a rejection of neoliberal British politics , stretching back to Margaret Thatcher , through New Labour , to Cameron 's austerity assault on Britain 's social safety nets . Perhaps the best part of the Yes campaign has been the way it has said `` No '' to the current politico-economic order . And , while Scottish independence would remove Scotland 's valuable leftist contingent from Westminster , the presence of these politicians in England has done little to mitigate Britain 's rampant inequality , overseen by an elitist and corrupt corporate-parliamentary nexus in London . I share the Yes campaign 's grim diagnosis of modern Britain , but I do n't think they have the antidote .
I 'm no statist . And I think nationalisms of any variety are problematically and inherently based on systems of inclusion and exclusion . But the possibility of Scotland breaking from its 300-year-old union carries a message of independence beyond any dewy-eyed nationalisms . The referendum is a reminder that independence from a political status quo is possible .
It was , after all , a woman wearing a Union Jack dress who urged , `` Spice up your life ! '' When the Chancellor of Scotland , the Earl of Seafield , signed away Scotland 's sovereign independence in 1707 , they said , 'There 's ane end of ane auld sang . ' There 's the end of an old song . The fight for Scottish independence should rouse the orchestra again , not necessarily to blare `` Flower of Scotland , '' but to play a powerful dirge for neoliberal hegemony .
Follow Natasha Lennard on Twitter : @ natashalennard
Image via Wikimedia
The new Kona Satori melds 130mm of travel at each end with big , fat 29in rubber , which all combines with well sorted geometry to yield a highly entertaining two-wheeled monster truck . It 's not necessarily the most invigorating rig at slower speeds but ramp up the velocity and it really comes alive .
Ride & handling : Competent suspension , great angles
The Satori 's smart frame geometry is best appreciated when motoring in the big ring or attacking fast , swoopy singletrack descents . The 68-degree head tube angle strikes an excellent balance between high-speed stability and overall agility , while the relatively low 338mm bottom bracket lets you sink your weight into the bike for confidently railing corners and controllable two-wheel drifts .
Good overall frame stiffness – aided by front and rear through-axles – lends additional predictability to the handling , too , especially in trickier situations when the front end is heavily loaded .
Despite the progressively slack front end , wheelbase is kept to a still-manageable 1,150mm thanks to super-short 440mm chainstays ( shorter than some 26in-wheeled hardtails , in fact ) . This not only helps keep the Satori from feeling too big but also makes it surprisingly easy to loft the front end for manuals and clearing obstacles – a key criticism of 29er trail bikes that the Satori handily avoids .
Kona tap their tried-and-true linkage-activated single-pivot rear suspension layout for a linear-feeling and well-controlled stroke that sucks up most bumps without overly isolating you from the trail but do n't expect it to blow your socks off when compared to some more sophisticated systems out there .
Kona stick to their tried-and-true faux-bar single pivot suspension design for the new satori : kona stick to their tried-and-true faux-bar single pivot suspension design for the new satori
Kona stick to their tried-and-true faux-bar single pivot suspension design for the new Satori
The main pivot is aligned with the inner ring and the Fox RP2 rear shock is specced with medium levels of compression damping , so pedal bob is negligible in the right gear . As a result , the Satori efficiently makes its way up climbs if you 're content to sit and spin – in fact , we did n't frequently feel the need to engage the ProPedal lever in those situations .
Big-ring motoring or power climbs are a different story , however , as the Satori noticeably wallows unless ProPedal is engaged . In addition , that extra compression damping somewhat hampers suspension activity on smaller bumps and trail buzz . Regardless , Satori buyers probably should n't expect to set any personal bests for acceleration .
The complete package is a reasonable weight at around 13.6kg ( 30lb , claimed ) but the chunky Easton Vice 29er wheels and giant 2.4/2.25in-wide Maxxis Ardent folding tires are n't exactly feathery ( more on this later ) . Make no mistake , the Satori will go if you ask it to – in fact , we even chalked up a KOM on Strava during our test ride – but it 's best to wind it up rather than expect it to leap forward with each pedal stroke .
Frame : Burly butted alloy construction with modern features
The all-new frame is fitted with a thoroughly modern laundry list of features . Butted 7005 aluminum tubing is used throughout ( with additional hydroforming in a few spots ) , the asymmetrical rear end pivots on sealed cartridge bearings and there 's a tapered head tube up front with internal bearings to lower the stack height .
The front derailleur directly mounts to a seat-tube-mounted block for easier and more consistent positioning , and the rear end is bolstered with a 12x142mm RockShox Maxle through-axle . Kona use aluminum for the dramatically milled-away shock link as well , and full-length housing is secured to the underside of the top tube with additional guides for a dropper seatpost .
Through-axle rear dropouts help bolster the back end on the new kona satori : through-axle rear dropouts help bolster the back end on the new kona satori
Through-axle rear dropouts help bolster the back end on the new Kona Satori
The threaded bottom bracket is milled as one piece with an integrated swingarm main pivot and ISCG 05 tabs – which , should you be so inclined , can even be filled with a Truvativ HammerSchmidt along with the accompanying down tube guides . Claimed frame weight is 3.54kg ( 7.8lb ) for a 22in size with rear shock , seatpost collar and rear axle .
Equipment : Solid drivetrain and brakes but so-so wheels
Kona pegs the Satori as a `` working man 's bike '' and dip heavily into the SRAM parts bins for a solid build kit that gets the job done but wo n't break the bank . The X7/X9 2x10 drivetrain was smooth running and shifted precisely , and the Avid Elixir 5 disc brakes ( with 180/160mm front/rear rotors ) provided plenty of power and good modulation , albeit with some noise under hard braking .
Last year 's Gutter bottom bracket redesign has been holding up well on other test bikes , with good weather sealing and impressively low-friction running so we 're optimistic the Satori 's will , too . We 're also crossing our fingers that the latest crop of Avid Taperbore brakes has finally squelched any lingering reliability issues . They 're great brakes when they 're working so hopefully they 'll stay that way long-term .
As with previous encounters , the RockShox Revelation RLT 130mm fork with 20mm through-axle dropouts was outstanding . The smooth and well-controlled stroke boasts admirably low stiction and a suitably progressive spring rate , the chassis is respectably stiff considering the generous travel and long legs , and as always , the Dual Air spring system is highly adjustable – no complaints here at all .
We have mixed opinions on the rolling stock , however . The OEM-only Easton Vice wheelset boasts a generous 23mm internal rim width , adding even more volume to the meaty 2.4/2.25in-wide Maxxis Ardent tires . Run at just 23/25psi front/rear , we enjoyed impressive dry-conditions grip , lots of floats , and forgiving drift characteristics while still rolling admirably quickly for such a big set of rubber .
The easton vice 29er wheels are built with wide rims for extra stiffness and volume but they 're not particularly light at a little over 2kg per set : the easton vice 29er wheels are built with wide rims for extra stiffness and volume but they 're not particularly light at a little over 2kg per set
The Easton Vice 29er wheels are built with wide rims for extra stiffness and volume but they 're not particularly light at a little over 2kg per set
Our particular test bike was hampered by Slime self-sealing tubes weighing near a pound each but even in factory form , the Satori 's rolling stock is n't especially eager to spin up . The wheels are over 2kg a set and when taken all together with tires and standard tubes ( the Vice wheels are n't readily tubeless-compatible ) add up to a whopping 4kg package .
The freehub body developed an unnerving amount of pinging and popping under load toward the end of the ride , too , which did n't instill a lot of confidence . Save for the awesomely comfy WTB Valcon saddle , the rest of the finishing kit comes from Kona 's house brand . Nothing stood out ( good or bad ) on the alloy stem or seatpost but we 'd have preferred to a see a wide , flat bar instead of the low-rise model specified .
Though the head tube length is identical to that of the Hei Hei 29 Supreme , the Satori sports 30mm more fork travel but roughly the same bottom bracket height . As a result , the front end feels a bit high and it occasionally took a bit more work to load the front end in corners . Finally , the lock-on grips offer excellent bar feel and a small diameter but they 're very hard .
Conclusion
While not superlight or built with a groundbreaking suspension technology , our initial three-hour test ride in the Arizona desert suggests the Kona Satori is a solid middle-of-the-road 29er package . ( We 're going to hold off giving it a score until we 've put some more miles in on it . ) You can see it in action in the video below , from Kona :
Netherlands ' Prime Minister Mark Rutte ( R ) shakes hands with US president Barack Obama waves upon their arrival at the nuclear security summit , on March 24 , 2014 in The Hague . AFP PHOTO/POOL FREEK VAN DEN BERGH ( Photo credit should read Freek van den Bergh/AFP/Getty Images ) At the conclusion of a joint news conference in the Netherlands with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte , President Obama gestured and thanked the crowd as only a single person in the audience responded with a slow , awkward clap . ( Photo credit should read Freek van den Bergh/AFP/Getty Images )
The Hague , Netherlands ( WNEW ) — At the conclusion of a joint news conference in the Netherlands with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte , President Obama gestured and thanked the crowd as only a single person in the audience responded with a slow , awkward clap .
Responding to a question at The Hague 's for the Nuclear Security Summit , President Obama concluded the event with an anti-climactic few moments in which they look to Prime Minister Rutte , seemingly expectant of some way to wrap-up the event without applause .
“ The good news is that I 'm very confident that it can be achieved , and I 'm also confident that the core values that America has always believed in , in terms of privacy , rule of law , individual rights ; that has guided the United States for many years and will continue to guide us into the future , ” Obama concluded , before nodding and looking to Prime Minister Rutte .
Obama is seen nodding at Prime Minister Rutte again , seeking confirmation that the conference has ended they say , “ okay . ”
Despite only the rustling sounds of people standing to exit , a single person can be heard slowly – but steadily – patting out a few claps to conclude the event .
“ Thank you very much everybody , thank you again , ” says the president , as they walk off stage with Prime Minister Rutte .
“ Okay , ladies and gentlemen , that was the last question . Thank you very much for coming , ” an off-screen moderator can be heard saying .
The near non-response from the audience comes amid Guardian reports that President Obama will arrive to the EU and NATO G7 conference in Brussels with a 900-strong entourage that includes 45 vehicles , three planes and a price tag of €10M ( $ 10.4M ) for the president 's 24-hour stay . The Guardian also reports that the capital city of the province of South Holland was nearly shut down for the arrival of the 53 world leaders .
The White House has disputed the report , although the administration has not offered its own estimates .
I wrote yesterday morning at Hullabaloo about the growing momentum toward basic universal income as a mainstream policy idea . The idea is attractive for a number of reasons , and appeals to thinkers of a variety of political persuasions .
And just a few hours after my piece went live , so did Max Ehrenfreund 's at the Washington Post , who took a very different angle to get to the same conclusion :
But would n't it be even more amenable to conservative principles to eliminate government interference altogether , whether federal or state ? Could n't Uncle Sam simply write checks directly to everyone ? After all , are n't we the people best equipped to make decisions about how to use our money ?
These are arguments for what 's known as a universal basic income — a check that everyone , regardless of income , would receive from the federal government on a regular basis . Economist Milton Friedman , a pioneer of contemporary conservatism , was probably the best-known proponent of the idea , which has recently been implemented with good results so far in Brazil .
This is one of the beautiful things about universal basic income : it has legitimate cross-partisan appeal , even if it seems wacky at first glance to centrists ( who are often the very last people to recognize a good policy idea when they see one . )
To a conservative , a direct money grant is an opportunity to shed cumbersome government bureaucracy , consolidating a number of overlapping needs-based targeted grants with a single , universal , simplified program that costs far less to administer .
To those of a more futurist and progressive slant like myself , the basic universal income is an answer to the problems of globalization , mechanization , deskilling and flattening of the labor force . While there have certainly been myriad political decisions made to further the interests of the very wealthy over those of the middle class , there has also been a “ natural ” workforce shift in which a large number of jobs that used to be done by humans are either done by machine , or have simply become redundant with the advent on online business models , or have been replaced with much cheaper labor abroad .
Part of this is natural technological churn that has been with us since the industrial revolution . But the advent of both the Internet and smart machines combined with the rapid pace of globalization make the current mechanization phenomenon different from those that have come before . A huge number of manufacturing jobs are already gone as we already know . Service jobs are following on their heels both due to online business models and mechanized replacement : self-driving cars will put cabbies , truck drivers and the entire auto sales industry out of business ; chain restaurants are already taking orders using tablets ; etc .
Soon enough the white collar jobs will follow as big data analysis sees everyone from stock analysts to diagnosticians replaced with programs that can do their jobs better than any human .
There just are n't going to be enough jobs to go around . That does n't mean there is n't enough productive work to be done , whether it be in rebuilding America 's infrastructure , implementing an Apollo program for green energy and conservation , or just giving people the freedom to be creative , build businesses , and follow their dreams without fear of ruin . But the old model of capital ownership grudgingly needing human labor at a decent price in order to take surplus value and profit off of that labor is n't going to work anymore for the majority of people .
Those who hope to preserve some semblance of freedom and social order , be they liberal or conservative , should be able to see the handwriting on the wall and support a basic universal income .
Proof positive of just how great Arbitrary Day really is -- the gift from my Secret Santa came as part of their cross-country adventure , and burst through my walls with beams of awesomeness .
First of all - an authentic mylar translucent poster from Man of Steel ! ( The kind that is backlit , like in the `` COMING SOON : '' frames outside of theaters ! ) I 'm a big Superman fan -- and I actually enjoyed 99 % of the movie . ( We all know that last 1 % . ) My Santa collects movie posters , and this is a great piece to help me start my own .
A few years back , I started collecting pressed pennies . I have books of them from every place I 've visited , around the country and the world ! My Santa was awesome enough to press a few for me as they traveled from Coney Island ( not New Jersey ! ) to the Smoky Mountains . The one I 'll treasure most is the one from the Pigeon Forge Titanic Museum : It 's a commemorative pressed penny from the 100th Anniversary of the Sinking of the Titanic , which just happens to be the day my wife and I got married . On a boat . In the middle of the ocean . By the Captain . # awesome . Right in the feels .
Last but certainly not least - my ultimate gift and addition to the collection .
Electric Blue Light Up Tie . Boom . This is the kind of thing that nobody in their right mind would think of asking for or wanting until its here in front of them and then it 's all they can think about ! I 'm wearing it tomorrow for my students and it 's going to blow their minds .
And Joey , thanks to you for including your letter . I really enjoyed reading it and sharing your adventure with you . And whenever you write to someone new , always be yourself . Unless you can quote Batman . Always Quote Batman .
Joey is the Santa Reddit Deserves , but not the one it needs right now .
When the NFL chose New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. to head across the pond in an effort to help promote the league 's International Series , even they could n't have expected the other-worldly response they would receive in Germany .
While local wideout Moritz Boehringer , who was selected by the Minnesota Vikings in Round 6 of the 2016 NFL Draft , had been the apple of their eye , OBJ now appears to have taken over .
In an insane viral video posted by the Giants ' official Twitter page , Beckham Jr. can be seen walking through the streets of Munich as hordes of fans follow and enthusiastically chant their name . It 's telling of the sort of International fame Beckham Jr. has attained in only two relatively short NFL seasons .
Odell Beckham Jr. getting plenty of love from fans in Germany ! # OBJinGermanyhttps : //t.co/JIAJdOc8Uk — New York Giants ( @ Giants ) July 16 , 2016
At this point , it 's almost safe to say that Beckham Jr. has transcended normal NFL fame and taken a step up to near Royalty-like status . At least in Germany , anyway .
With a soccer heritage and a love for futbol himself , it 's no surprise those around the world have fallen in love with the 2014 NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year . But make no mistake about it , even with a common affinity for soccer , Beckham Jr. is predominately popular because of their surreal athletic ability , highlight reel catches and unparalleled passion for all things sports .
Given the reaction he 's received in Germany , do n't be surprised if NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and the powers that be targeted the Giants as one of the league 's first two teams to play a game there . And how fitting would it be if their opponents were Moritz Boehringer and the Minnesota Vikings ?
Critics have lambasted Trump for their immigration policies , including the candidate 's call to deport undocumented immigrants , send Syrian refugees back to Syria and track Muslim Americans in a national database .
Activists calling for police reform as part of the “ Black Lives Matter ” movement have made regular appearances at Trump rallies , including at Monday 's event in Las Vegas . As one of them called out , “ Black lives matter ! ” a Trump supporter shouted at her , “ White lives matter ! ” They were hauled away by security to a chorus of boos from the crowd .
This is n't the first confrontation between supporters and protesters at a Trump event . In Alabama on Nov. 21 , Trump supporters tackled and kicked a man wearing a Black Lives Matter t-shirt , according to the Washington Post . The man , Mercutio Southall Jr. , was shouting `` Black Lives Matter ! '' when they were attacked .
The candidate did not apologize for their supporters ' behavior .
“ Maybe they should have been roughed up , because it was absolutely disgusting what they were doing , ” Trump told Fox News at the time . “ I have a lot of fans , and they were not happy about it . ”
Muslim community groups have criticized Trump 's rhetoric about Muslims and refugees , saying it has fueled a recent rise in attacks on Muslims and mosques across the country in the last month .
But their anti-immigrant proposals and calls to track or deport Muslims have proven popular with their supporters . `` When you 're in war , you have to take steps that are not American to protect yourself and defend the country , '' Margaret Shontz , a Trump supporter in Iowa , told The Associated Press before a rally in Des Moines last week .
Trump has surged in the polls since June 16 , when they launched their candidacy with a speech in which they claimed that Mexico is sending “ rapists ” to the U.S. Theirs saw their poll support swell again after proposing a ban on Muslims entering the U.S. after attacks in Paris and San Bernardino , Calif. , that were linked to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant .
On Monday , a national poll by Monmouth University showed Trump with the support of 41 percent of likely Republican voters , a lead of 27 percentage points over their nearest rival , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz .
Real men — or at least real dads — wear tutus . That 's the message Tennessee resident Thanh Tran put forth earlier this week when they slipped into a black tutu to perform alongside their 8-year-old daughter , Adriana Cross , and their ballet buddies .
READ MORE : Single dad masters the art of styling their daughter 's hair and gives us # hairgoals
Adriana 's ballet school was hosting a parent 's night and while it 's normally an activity they do with their mother , Tran was more than happy to step in .
“ She asked me to dance with them because their mom is seven months pregnant and they thought it would be funny to see me attempt ballet dance moves , ” Tran tells Global News . “ Every kid had [ a ] parent with them — mostly moms — but I was one of two dads who did the class and the only one who dressed up . ”
They wore the traditional black tutu at their daughter 's request and paired it with a black sleeveless T-shirt and black leggings before working on their dance moves , which they admit cramped up their calves and toes .
“ My daughter found their mom 's tutu and asked me to wear it to class . They thought it would be really funny to see their dad wearing the tutu , so I agreed to make them happy , ” Tran says .
As it turns out , it was totally worth it .
“ She was very proud of me and told me they loved me 20-something times , because they were so happy I was brave enough to wear the tutu to class . ”
Tran 's story follows a slew of touching tales that have gone viral lately , depicting dads doing heartwarming things for their kids , ranging from having them repeat positive affirmations in the mirror to styling their daughter 's hair and even participating in their beauty vlogs .
READ MORE : ‘ Dad of the year ' shows up to school like this after daughter 's ‘ accident '
It all points to a major shift in the perception of fatherhood , drawing a clear divide between the expectations of fathers in the early half of the 20th century and the role many dads choose to play today . Ditta Oliker , a clinical psychologist and author of The Light Side of the Moon : Reclaiming Your Lost Potential , wrote in Psychology Today that it was n't until the 1970s that psychologists began to closely examine the impact fathers have on their children and how beneficial a hands-on relationship is for their well-being .
According to a report published by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , fathers have a direct impact on their children 's emotional , social and intellectual development . It states that studies have shown a nurturing style of fathering is associated with better verbal skills , intellectual functioning and academic achievement in teens , and kids who have an involved father from birth are more likely to be emotionally secure , confident and have better social connections .
“ There is no question that fathers do play an important part in their children 's lives , [ and ] that the majority of studies affirm that an involved father can play a crucial role particularly in the cognitive , behavioural , and general health and well-being areas of a child 's life , ” Oliker writes . “ Having a positive male role model helps an adolescent boy develop positive gender-role characteristics [ and ] adolescent girls are more likely to form positive opinions of men and are better able to relate to them . ”
READ MORE : Dad runs marathon with an empty stroller to honour their stillborn son
And it would seem Adriana 's well-being , and their happiness , are paramount to Tran .
“ She takes ballet very seriously , so it was nice to see them laughing throughout the class , ” they say . “ I love my daughter and I would do anything to keep them smiling . I would n't have missed it for the world . ”
`` The Department of Defense strives to ensure every reconstruction project is executed in a manner that demonstrates responsible flight attendantship of taxpayers ' dollars , '' Pentagon spokesperson Maj. Bradlee Avots said in a statement to VICE News .
In the letter , Sopko asked why the planes ' engines , brass fittings , and other components were n't sold off to recoup their approximate value of $ 390 million . They also wanted to know what happened to four other G222s that were part of the same order and last seen in Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany .
`` I am concerned that the officials responsible for planning and executing the scrapping of the planes may not have considered other possible alternatives in order to salvage taxpayer dollars , '' wrote Sopko in an October 3 letter to Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James .
Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction John Sopko revealed the fate of the G222 planes ( also known as C-27s ) in a recent report that said the Pentagon bought the aircraft to train Afghan air force pilots , barely used them , failed to secure spare parts to keep them flying , and then decided to chop them up .
The United States let 16 military transport planes worth $ 24.3 million apiece sit idle on the tarmac at Kabul International Airport for more than a year before demolishing them and selling the scrap metal to an Afghan construction company for $ 32,000 , or six cents a pound .
Read more
The United States let 16 military transport planes worth $ 24.3 million apiece sit idle on the tarmac at Kabul International Airport for more than a year before demolishing them and selling the scrap metal to an Afghan construction company for $ 32,000 , or six cents a pound .
Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction John Sopko revealed the fate of the G222 planes ( also known as C-27s ) in a recent report that said the Pentagon bought the aircraft to train Afghan air force pilots , barely used them , failed to secure spare parts to keep them flying , and then decided to chop them up .
`` I am concerned that the officials responsible for planning and executing the scrapping of the planes may not have considered other possible alternatives in order to salvage taxpayer dollars , '' wrote Sopko in an October 3 letter to Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee James .
In the letter , Sopko asked why the planes ' engines , brass fittings , and other components were n't sold off to recoup their approximate value of $ 390 million . They also wanted to know what happened to four other G222s that were part of the same order and last seen in Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany .
`` The Department of Defense strives to ensure every reconstruction project is executed in a manner that demonstrates responsible flight attendantship of taxpayers ' dollars , '' Pentagon spokesperson Maj. Bradlee Avots said in a statement to VICE News .
The Islamic State may now have slightly more than no air force . Read more here .
The waste is shocking , but it 's only the most recent embarrassment for US officials who have spent billions of dollars in Afghanistan since the US invaded in 2001 , including $ 104 billion on humanitarian relief , reconstruction , and training and equipping the Afghan military , said Neil Gordon , an investigator at the Project on Government Oversight .
`` I guess the Afghans do n't have people who can fly them , '' Gordon told VICE News . `` A lot of this property goes unused either because the Afghans ca n't use it , they do n't need it , or they ca n't sustain it with their own effort and money . ''
Gordon listed other examples of what they estimated was as much as $ 60 billion in US money wasted in Afghanistan , such as a $ 34-million , 64,000-square-foot Marine headquarters at Camp Leatherneck in southern Afghanistan that was built even though the military brass said they did n't need it .
`` It 's pretty much par for the course , whether it 's weapon systems , infrastructure , water treatment plants , hospitals , schools , '' Gordon told VICE News . `` It 's normal , but it 's abnormal . It 's abnormally normal . That 's the thing . We should be outraged at this . But unfortunately it 's commonplace . ''
What does the US military 's new space plane really do ? Read more here .
Marvin Weinbaum , a security expert at the Middle East Institute , cautioned about feeling too much righteous indignation . Wars entail losses that would n't be acceptable in civilian life , Weinbaum said .
`` A hell of a lot of money was wasted , '' they told VICE News . `` But this is n't Milwaukee or Minneapolis . ''
Weinbaum worried that stories about turning planes into scrap metal would lend support to isolationists in Congress who say the US should quit Afghanistan and let the locals sort things out . It was under the Taliban 's patronage that al Qaeda planned the 9/11 terror attacks . In order for newly-inaugurated Afghan President Ashraf Ghani to keep the same militants at bay , he 's going to need more funding , not less , Weinbaum insists .
`` This is a very delicate time in Afghanistan , '' they said . `` This government is fragile . It 's going to need assistance if there 's any chance it 's going to be able to manage these next few years when it 's going to be under exceptional pressure from the Taliban . ''
Follow John Dyer on Twitter : @ johnjdyerjr
Photo via Flickr
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
The human stories behind the debates on abortion and reproductive rights often neglect the unique challenges faced by low-income women , a group that disproportionately includes women of color . Abortion has been an especially controversial issue for black women , who must often navigate political barriers , racism , and cultural expectations of motherhood when seeking to end a pregnancy .
Enter Dawn Porter , an award-winning filmmaker whose documentary Trapped , about abortion access in the South , was released earlier this year . Them the newest work , True Stories , Hard Choices , is a two-part short film sponsored by Essence and Time magazines that was released last week . In it , Porter dives into the racial politics of abortion and dissects how race , class , gender , and religion converge and often determine the reproductive health care decisions of black women . “ The issue of abortion has always been racially charged , ” Porter says , “ I 'd never really considered how the experience of having an abortion might be different for black women . ”
“ The issue of abortion has always been racially charged , ” Porter says , “ but I 'd never really considered how the experience of having an abortion might be different for black women . ”
According to the Guttmacher Institute , black women are almost five times more likely than white women to undergo abortions , a difference that has been attributed to black women 's higher rates of unintended pregnancy when compared with white women , mostly because of limited access to reproductive health care services . Obtaining an abortion has become difficult for low-income women , especially those who fall into the 59 percent of women who get an abortion after previously giving birth . With no public funding for abortion , they struggle to afford the procedure and must navigate a growing number of abortion restrictions passed at the state level .
Porter interviews a large cast of characters in the film , but the documentary 's strongest moments come when they speak with young black mothers as they discuss their often painful decisions to have abortions . We meet Jane Doe , an unnamed 20-year old single mother working a minimum-wage job to support their son , as they sit inside an abortion clinic waiting to have the procedure . Doe 's face never appears on camera as they say that ending their second pregnancy is the only way they can continue to provide for their child . In a tearful exchange , they say they feel “ like a bad person ” for having an abortion .
“ As crazy as it sounds , I say , well , I would rather an abortion than to give the baby up to a family I do n't know , ” Doe says . “ Because if I…when I hold it then , that 's love . And I do n't wanna…you know…and I could n't give that love away . ”
Amber , a young woman who traveled 10 hours from Mississippi to Alabama to get an abortion , explains their young son is the main reason why they chose to end their subsequent pregnancy . At 17 weeks pregnant , they struggled to find a clinic in Mississippi because aggressive state restrictions on late-term abortions have caused many clinics to stop providing abortions well before the 20-week mark .
The stories of black women , particularly those who already have children and cite financial reasons as the chief motivation for their abortions , often go unheard in political debates over abortion access . “ I think the protesters think that these women just get up in the morning and decide to go have an abortion , ” says Miss Betty , one of the counselors working at the Jackson Women 's Health Organization , the last abortion clinic in Mississippi and a key location in Trapped . “ They have put their heart and souls into their decisions . ”
But that point was often lost on the protesters who appeared in the documentary , many of whom used race to shame black women for seeking abortions . In one particularly memorable scene , a white anti-abortion protester tells Porter , a black woman , that they are a “ disgrace to your race ” for being pro-choice , comparing support for abortion to support for slavery . Last month , Rep. Steve King ( R-Iowa ) , criticized poor black women for getting abortions , saying that they would give “ even money that a vast majority of mothers who say they ca n't afford an abortion have an iPhone , which costs more . ”
In a piece published in Essence as a companion to the documentary , Porter argued that black women are a crucial part of national conversations about reproductive rights . “ Often our stories , the stories of Black women , are too often lost or overlooked , ” they said . “ I hope this film will give new voice to the hard choices that so many women face . ”
Obama look-alike plays Satan in 'The Bible '
The Satan character in History Channel 's “ The Bible ” looks oddly like President Barack Obama , many viewers remarked after seeing them in Sunday 's episode .
From the Twittersphere :
The Bible on the History channel portrayed the temptation of Christ in the desert and satan looked exactly like Barack Obama . Coincidence ? — Robert Thomas ( @ thoro6rt ) March 18 , 2013
Oh my ! Watching the Bible on history channel . Satan looks like Obama . Who ever played satan looks like Obama .... CREEPY # tcot — Shelley ( @ KissFreedom ) March 18 , 2013
Just caught 5 minutes of # TheBible on History Channel ... Satan looks like Obama -- say what ? ! — Brenna Miller ( @ BrennaMiller1 ) March 18 , 2013
Conservative radio host Glenn Beck also pointed out the resemblance , tweeting this photo to their followers :
Anyone else thinks the Devil in # TheBible Sunday on HIstory Channel looks exactly like That Guy ? twitter.com/glennbeck/stat… — Glenn Beck ( @ glennbeck ) March 17 , 2013
Update : “ The Bible ” executive producers Mark Burnett and Roma Downey addressed the issue in statements released by A & E Networks on Monday .
“ This is utter nonsense , ” said Burnett . “ The actor who played Satan , Mehdi Ouzaani , is a highly acclaimed Moroccan actor . They have previously played parts in several Biblical epics– including Satanic characters long before Barack Obama was elected as our President . ”
Downey said , `` Both Mark and I have nothing but respect and love for our President , who is a fellow Christian . False statements such as these are just designed as a foolish distraction to try and discredit the beauty of the story of The Bible . ”
( h/t Buzzfeed )
on •
Ever since we began distilling ten years ago , one of our dreams at Rogue Spirits has been an Oregon Bourbon made with the ingredients we grow and malt at Rogue Farms .
This summer we planted those dreams in the dirt of the Wigrich Appellation , seeding four acres of Wigrich Corn at Rogue Farms in Independence . The seeds quickly grew into stalks and produced a bountiful harvest . We were excited .
But , as often is the case in being a small farmer , there were some bumps along the way . We tried for months to find someone to harvest the corn for us . But time and again we were told that four acres was too small . “ Not worth the trouble , ” we were told over and over again . With no one to help us out , we decided to pick it ourselves . Four acres picked by hand .
When the crop arrived at our Farmstead Malt House in Tygh Valley it was all hands on deck . Each of those 18,000 ears was shucked and shelled one at time .
Over the coming weeks and months we will craft from it our first ever batch of corn micro-malt which we 'll mash and distill to create a true Rogue Farms Bourbon .
Now , malting corn is almost unheard of . Literally , we made the calls and everyone we spoke with thought we were crazy . But after hand-picking and shucking , this is the least crazy part of the process . For the next 4 weeks , we will be micro-malting our Rogue-grown corn in small , 1000-lb batches .
Bourbon is an all American whiskey . It was created by the farmers/distillers of Kentucky back in the mid 1800 's . Today Bourbon is made from a mash that is at least 51 % corn and aged in new oak barrels . The Bourbon we 'll craft from our own micro-malt will be ocean aged at the Rogue Distillery on Yaquina Bay along the Oregon Coast .
From the time we planted our corn back in July , it will take us 2 years to mash , ferment , distill , ocean age and hand bottle our first batch of Rogue Sweet Corn Bourbon . It 's an insane labor of love .
We began this journey with no guarantee of how things will turn out . But the philosophy of Dare , Risk , Dream is at the heart of everything we do at Rogue Spirits .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google
Pinterest
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Categories : Farmstead Malting , Spirits
We 've been covering the Nissan Altima hybrid for a while ( see the links at the end of this post ) , and we 've also been covering the slow greening of the New York taxi fleet for a long time . So it 's good to see both topics converge .
And in this case , it makes perfect sense : the Nissan Altima hybrid is rated at 35 mpg ( 6.7 l/100 km ) in the city , versus 12-15 mpg ( 15.6-19.6 l/100 km ) for most current taxis . According to the New York Taxi and Limousine Commission ( TLC ) , halving the fuel costs could mean $ 5000 saved per year . That means that it would take about 1 year to pay back the extra cost of the hybrid drivetrain , and then a $ 5000 bonus each year after that ( and more as oil gets more expensive ) . There 's also savings on maintenance because regenerative braking reduces wear on brake pads.Another benefit of the Nissan Altima hybrid is the AT-PZEV ( Advanced Technology-Partial Zero Emissions Vehicle ) emissions , which are as low as we can currently go with a gasoline-powered car . If enough New York cabs had emissions this low , it would surely make a difference for air quality in the city .
Altima Hybrid Specifications
For those curious about the specs of the car :
$ 25,795 base
2.5-liter 4-cylinder gasoline engine , 158 horsepower , 162 pound-feet of torque
40 horsepower electric assist motor , 199 pound-feet of torque
EPA rating : 35 mpg in the city , 33 mpg on the highway
It is made in Tennessee
Far from perfect , but certainly better than the 19 mpg Ford Transit Connect Taxi concept ...
: :Nice Hybrid , if You Can Get It
See also : : :Nissan Debuts 2007 Altima Hybrid , : :Nissan Will Build Altima Hybrid in Tennessee , : :Hybrid Test Drive - 2007 Nissan Altima Hybrid , : :2007 Nissan Altima Hybrid : $ 24.4k Minus Tax Credit , : :Nissan Wants to Sell 50,000 Altima Hybrids a Year , : :10,000 `` Black Car '' Taxis to Go Hybrid in New York City
The Supreme Court on Monday said that a `` people 's court '' should decide on the legality of euthanasia and the idea of `` living will '' , reported the Times of India . The court was hearing a PIL filed by NGO Common Cause asking for the government to legalise the practice . The Centre asked the Constitution bench to defer the hearing , saying the government was examining a report by the Law Commission to legalise passive euthanasia and may table a Bill in Parliament . The court said that the issue should be debated by the larger public , and will wait till July 20 for the Centre to take a call .
The Hindu reported that the SC bench wondered whether the concept of `` living will '' — where an individual puts down certain directives to physicians on end-of-life care anticipating a situation where they are unable to communicate this decision later — goes against a person 's basic instinct to live . Agreeing with the court , Additional Solicitor-General P S Patwalia drew the example of Formula One World Champion driver Michael Schumacher who has been in coma after a skiing accident in 2013 to drive home the point that a person should be given every minute chance to recover . Justice Rohinton Nariman asked whether a 90-year-old patient would still be bound by a ‘ Living Will ' they made at the age of 18 .
The Law Commission in its 241st report had recommended : `` A competent adult patient has the right to insist that there should be no invasive medical treatment by way of artificial life sustaining measures/treatment and such decision is binding on the doctors attending on such patient provided that the doctor is satisfied that the patient has taken an 'informed decision ' based on free exercise of theirs or them will . ''
On patients in coma or in vegetative state , the panel had suggested that their relatives `` shall have to get clearance from the high court '' for withdrawing or withholding life sustaining treatment .
History of Corruption in Indian Judiciary since Independence : 1947 - 2003
1949 : Mr. Justice Sinha only Judge impeached ; courtesy Good Judges & Constitution Framers : Our Fore-Fathers represented by Constituent Assembly of India framers of Constitution of India then in 1949 ( year before Consitution came into existence ) impeached Mr. Justice Sinha ; finding them `` guilty of improper exercise of Judicial functions , the cumulative effect of which was to lower the dignity of their office and undermine the confidence of the public in the administration of justice… '' [ 008.07 ] .
Such/ similar acts/ behaviours by whom-so-ever including Judges is since 1971 is covered as an act of Criminal Contempt of Court [ 041.05 ] . Not a single Judge is either Impeached or hauled-up for Contempt till 1991 .
Peoples ' Inner Hope Courts to maintain their Majesty & Dignity will prosecute 1000 Judges in context , who have tarnished & undermined the Fair image of Judiciary .
Let Judges relish Jail for months if not years ; to asses personally the convinences-N-comforts provided even to innocent citizens or persons who were not having Rs . 100 to give as Bail . Then they will be in better position to Transform Jails into Reformation Centres . Jailing corrupt Judges by Judges , we hope will instill confidence of people in Courts & law . Who-is-who of India then only will scare to get into any scam nor Criminals will think of becoming Legislators .
1979 : Chief Justice Mr. K. Veeraswami ; Chief Justice of India permitted Central Bureau of India to file case of Dis-proportionate of Income / wealth against Chief Justice Madras High Court Mr. K. Veeraswami ( father-in-law of Mr. Justice V. Ramaswami ) . 30 years elaped . Sheltered by Courts ' easy-go-tactic . [ 049.04 ] [ 059.05 ]
1991-93 : Mr. Justice V. Ramaswami ( son-in-law of Chief Justice Mr. K. Veeraswami [ 049.04 ] ) : SAWANT COMMITTEE REPORT had held they are guilty of several charges . Supreme Court of India also upheld guilty of 3-4 charges ; & recommended to Parliament for further action . Parliamentarians failed in their Duty to Impeach the Sitting Judge of Supreme Court Mr. Justice V. Ramaswami ; not rising to the Heights of Eminent Constitution makers ; but chose to have unholy alliance with Corruption in Judiciary vis-a-vis Legislature & Government . [ 008.00 ] .
Supreme Court which upheld Charges of Mis-Behaviour also , we opine , failed to prosecute them under Contempt of Court Act & relevant Laws . It also failed `` To Do Complete Justice '' by invoking Article142 . Criminal Judge was allowed to go scot-free ; both by Parliament & Supreme Court !
Good precedent for other Judges ? If so What kind of message to we-innocent-Citizens ? For almost complete proceedings in SC & Parliament : [ 008.00 ]
1995 A.M. BHATTACHARJEE : The chief justice of the Bombay High Court was forced to resign in 1995 after it was found that they had received Rs.70 lakh as book advance from a publishing firm known to have links with the underworld .
1996 AJIT SENGUPTA : The Calcutta High Court judge made it a routine to issue ex parte , ad interim stay orders on anticipatory bail pleas from smugglers having links with the Mumbai underworld . They were arrested in 1996 for FERA violations after retirement
1994 to 1997 : A.M. AHMADI : When they were Chief Justice of India ( October 1994-March 1997 ) , their daughter , a lawyer in the Delhi High Court , caused eyebrows to be raised for getting `` special '' treatment from certain judges . When some members of the bar sought a resolution banning lawyer relatives of judges from staying in the same house , the CJI got members to defeat the motion .
2000 A.S. ANAND : As Chief Justice of India . ( a ) They were accused of using their position to get the subordinate judiciary to rule in favour of their wife and mother-in-law in a suit that had been barred by limitation for two decades.For more : [ 049.05 ] [ 049.05A ] [ 049.05B ] [ 049.05C ] [ 049.05D ] [ 049.05E ] called as TANGLED PLOT . Also read Ram Jethmalani 's `` BIG EGOS , small men `` . ( b ) Supreme Court , while they were CJI , directed a CBI probe after a dispute arose over their age in 2000 . The investigation report was not made public.This arose due to scan copy published in Ram Jethmalani 's `` BIG EGOS , small men `` .
2002 : SEX FOR ACQUITTAL
In November 2002 , Sunita Malviya , a Jodhpur-based doctor , alleged that a deputy registrar of the Rajasthan High Court had sought sexual favours for themselves and for Justice Arun Madan to `` fix '' a case in their favour . Justice Mr. · Arun Madan . Case of Lady Sunita Malviya.STATUS : A committee set up by former CJI G.B . Pattanaik found prima facie evidence against Madan , who does not attend court anymore . Judge Resigned
CASH-FOR-JOB : Three judges of the Punjab and Haryana High Court sought the help of disgraced PPSC chief R.P . Sidhu to ensure that their daughters and other kin topped examinations conducted by the commission . Judges are M.L . Singh , Mehtab Sing Gill & Amarbir Singh
STATUS : Two inquiry panels indicted the judges . Gill and Amarbir Singh have resigned M.L . Singh continues , though no work is allotted to him .
2002-03 : 3 Judges Mysore Sex Scandal ( alleged ) : On Sunday , November 3 , 2002 , three judges of the Karnataka High Court , along with two women advocates , allegedly got involved in a brawl with a woman guest at a resort . The police arrived but reportedly did n't take action . Judges are N.S . Veerabhadraiah , V. Gopalagowda & · Chandrashekaraiah . STATUS : The three-judge inquiry committee appointed by the CJI filed its report . Gave clean chit .
March 2003 - Delhi High Court Judge resigns : Suspected of collusion with Property Developers . Raids by CBI on corrupt higher officials in Delhi Development Authority ( DDA ) , found Draft Judgement-N-Court Records
E ( I ) nquiry-in-camera or In-House Inquiry was & is contrary to Law . Is ultra vires Article 14 of Constitution of India : `` The State shall not deny to any person equality before the law or the equal protection of the laws within the territory of India ''
Following Questions / Issues , inter alia , arise
( a ) Enquiry in-camera was held contrary to the observations made by , Constituent Assembly of India in 1949 . In its ' Impeachment Order had held thus : '' While we are alive to the desirability , in the interests of the public , of investigating charges against a Judge in open court , we held the Enquiry in-camera in view of the allegation made in the affidavits and the circumstances of the case . This mode of proceeding should not , however , be regarded as a precedent . '' [ 008.07 ] .
( b ) In the case of similar In-House Inquiry held under the Orders of Chief Justice of India in Jusice V. Ramaswami 's case , Justice Ramaswami had held that `` Inquiring Committee '' as well as `` Inquiry '' have no basis & force of law . It is reflected in the Report , which was read-out by CJI to Advocates & publicised , submitted by 3 Judges Committee thus `` Indeed Justice Ramaswami had made it clear to the Chief Justice that they did not recognise any such Jurisdiction in any body or authority . ''
( c ) It will not be out-of place to mention here that Two of `` Three Judges Committee `` appointed by CJI in Re . V. Ramaswami 's case are alleged to be involved in Judges Plot 4 Plot . [ 014.00 ] . It is like Criminal investigating another criminal .
( d ) If so how sure can we be that `` 3 Judges Committee `` appointed to invetigate `` 3 Judges Mysore Sex Scandal `` were un-biased or were above Board & have presented an accurate Report ?
Queries to Supreme Court , Parliament of India & Central Government
In Re . Judges ' Mysore Sex Scandal
( a ) '' Will the Supreme Court Publicise Report of `` 3 Judges Committee `` ( all & sundry material ) ; morefully to know whether any evidence adduced by many in support of Scam is informed to CJI & Supreme Court ?
( b ) What is the Guarantee that despite prima facie evidence Judges of Supreme Court which consists of Few corrupt Judges seved in Karnataka are not inclined to take stern action ?
( c ) Investigation of a Crime comitted by Minister or anyone lies within Executive Domain like the case Justice K.Veeraswami , in this case CBI . Is it not a case of hushing-up & messing-up of `` 3 Pillars of Constitution `` ? .
( d ) How long will you try keeping suppressed Crimes of Judges of Supreme Court & High Courts when Union Law Minister Mr. P. Shiva Shankar , on 28th Nov.1987 said `` Supreme Court is filled with FERA violators & Bride Burners… `` ( AIR 1988 SC 1208 ) . When Chief Justice Of India Justice E.S . Venkataramaiaha admits that `` in every High Court there are 3-4 Judges who are out every evening to Party in Foreign Embassiies or at Advocates ' places…drink…dine… '' ( 1990 Cr LJ 2179 ) [ 041.09 ] .
( e ) 20 % of Judges are corrupt , indirectly said Chief Justice of India Mr. Justice S.P . Bharucha , in other words admitted that 80 % of Judges of India are not corrupt & are above board to be bribed or influnced ? Then why cases are not filed against 20 % of Judges ?
LOSS of Confidence in Judiciary : The Actions & Inactions of Supreme Court trying to suppress crimes of Judges has resulted in We , the People of India losing confidence in Courts & given rise to a Question whether at all People of India 's Fundamental & Statutory Rights are safe in present set of Judges & Courts and Laws Governing thereof ?
Conscience of Judiciary Shaken : Supreme Court of India : `` Police Raj '' it said when Judges all over India went on a kind of strike ; for the reason that a District Judge in liquor prohibited Gujarat State in 1991 ; drunk & misbehaved , police acted as per law or so . Conscience of Judiciary was shaken the Court claims . What was it to do with Judges all over India ? Have they ganged-up as One to help each other & continue crimes but still go unpunished ? Punish Dutiful Police ?
`` Police Raj '' to `` Judges Tyranny '' : Judges serving all over India have formed an Assocition called `` All India Judges Association `` . At the time when One Party System in Parliament managed by Congress was to give way to Multi-Party System ( 1989 & 1991 General Elections ) ; Supreme Court gave Judgments in 1992 & 1993 upholding that Judges of subordinate courts of India are not Employees . They are like Ministers / M.L.A.s but not on par of Civil Servants [ 037.02 ] [ 037.02A ] . Inter alia Court said Central Govt . should set-up `` All India Judicial Services `` & `` National Judicial Pay Commission `` . Supreme Court continuously monitored to see that Pay Commission ( FNJPC ) is constituted but failed to monitor setting-up of All India Judicial Services [ 055.02 ] . What Judges want is more Liberty / Perks / Powers but no liabilities / Duties . Un-bridled they want to be as Judges of Supreme Court & High Court . FNJPC was also given power to give Interim Relief to Judges . Non setting-up of National Judicial Academy [ 008.15 ] & All India Judicial Services is nothing but Fraud on Constitution & Supreme Court
Criminal Politicians Vs Criminal Judges : Hats off for the Judgment of Supreme Court striking-down of Parliamentary Act amending Representatives of Peoples Act . Court said Come Clean Mr . Politicians in relation to diclosure of their Criminal , Financial & other such antecedents so as to help electorate of India to decide whether to vote for good or bad person in elections . But these 50 years belated Judgment came as Bolt from Blue to politicians . In this perod Aliens , Anti-nationals , Criminals & all sundries had a field Day .
After losing Marshawn Lynch to retirement in 2015 , the Seattle Seahawks knew they lacked depth at the running back position . So in the third round of the 2016 NFL Draft , they took C.J . Prosise , a one-year starter at running back , but who had also previously played receiver . Sophomore backs Thomas Rawls and Christine Michael were thought to be the lead backs for the 2016 campaign , which left a question of where Prosise would fit in .
Prosise suffered an injury to their wrist in the season opener , sidelining them until the Week 8 matchup with the Saints . During that game is the first time we see Seattle show a willingness to draw up plays specifically for Prosise . Early in the second quarter , they rolled out just such a play , a fake wide receiver screen to former Wisconsin QB Tanner McEvoy that they launched 43 yards downfield to Prosise 's open , waiting hands .
C.J . Prosise is a Weapon
Wherever the Seahawks lined up Prosise , whether it was in the backfield or as a receiver , they made the most of every opportunity . On multiple occasions , they were the centerpiece of the play design . The purpose there was to exploit their talents as a receiver when being covered by linebackers , along with their skills and size as a running back when being covered by defensive backs .
If Prosise can put together a healthy sophomore season , Seahawks fans should see them put up big numbers not only in the rushing attack but as a downfield threat as well . Even with a crowded running back room , they should see a fair amount of touches because of the explosive nature of their play on the field . Expect to see even more plays that offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell has schemed around Prosise in the 2017 season .
Why HPV Vaccination Of Boys May Be Easier
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Knox/NPR Richard Knox/NPR
When the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommended a half-dozen years ago that preteen girls be vaccinated against human papillomavirus , two things happened .
A lot of parents and some conservative groups were jarred by the idea of immunizing young girls against a sexually transmitted virus . And uptake of the vaccine has been poor — only about a third of 13- to 17-year-old girls have gotten the full three-shot series .
Now , in the wake of a CDC expert panel 's recommendation to extend vaccination to 11- and 12-year-old boys , there 's reason to think things might be different this time .
`` There 's been a surprisingly muted reaction , '' says Dr. Don Dizon , a Brown University oncologist . `` We tend to believe that girls are chaste and are going to 'save themselves for marriage . ' But , you know , sexual activity is something that 's almost expected of boys . ''
Seventeen-year-old Connor Perruccello-McClellan agrees . The idea that teenage girls might have sex is `` just a touchy issue , a taboo , I guess , '' they say . `` It 's just not as accepted for girls . ''
Perruccello-McClellan , a senior at Providence Country Day School in Rhode Island , is among the 1 percent of U.S. males who have already been vaccinated against HPV . That 's because Rhode Island has one of the nation 's most aggressive campaigns to vaccinate schoolchildren against nine different infections , including HPV .
Still , like most people , they thought HPV vaccine protects only against cervical cancer — a notion that may have abetted the double standard associated with it .
Cervical cancer is why the vaccine originally got approved . But that 's not the whole story . HPV causes a half-dozen different kinds of cancer , and some are gender-neutral .
Some of these malignancies are sex-specific : cancers of the cervix , vagina and vulva in females ; penile cancer in boys ; both get HPV-associated genital warts .
But both sexes get anal cancer linked to HPV — sometimes without ever having had anal sex . That 's because the virus can migrate from the genitalia . And even though anal cancer is thought to be mainly a risk among men who have sex with men , more women get it than men .
But Dizon worries most about cancers of the head and neck — devastating , often disfiguring and hard-to-treat malignancies that used to be strongly linked to smoking and alcohol abuse .
`` There 's an epidemic of head and neck cancers , and we are seeing this increase in ... nonsmokers , '' they say . `` And it 's being tied to HPV . ''
Around 50,000 Americans will get head and neck cancers this year , versus 12,000 cervical cancers and 1,400 penile cancers .
The fact that HPV is linked to a variety of cancers has important implications for vaccination strategy . For one thing , it 's clear that HPV is not just transmitted through sexual intercourse .
`` Diseases like HPV or herpes are skin-to-skin transmitted , '' says Dr. Michelle Forcier , a specialist in adolescent medicine at Hasbro Children 's Hospital in Providence . `` So while condoms are very effective in preventing transmission , it 's not 100 percent . ''
There 's a whole range of sexual behaviors that can transmit HPV , many of them the kinds of things teenagers experiment with . That makes it tricky to wait until kids are just about to have sex before vaccinating them . To be protected , they need three shots of HPV vaccine over a six-month period .
`` But teens do n't plan when they have sex , '' Forcier says . `` They do n't go to their mom and dad and say , 'Oh , I 'm 16 now and I think I 'm going to have sex in the next six months , so I 'd better get vaccinated . ' ``
That 's why the experts are saying to parents of both sons and daughters that it 's better to get ahead of the game .
We buy the books , read the blogs , look for insights on Twitter , hope they will follow us back , and search their names . It may be known as cult of personality , but it is very clear that we are influenced by particular individuals in the Agile community .
We have used a combination of statistics from a number of different sites , Amazon Book Sales ( US , UK & EU ) , the top 200 Agile blogs , Google insight and trend information , Klout data , Twitter numbers and rankings , the top 100 Agile books ( which measures reader 's scores ) , and combined that with a final editorial decision to produce a list of the most influential people in Agile . This list is definitely not meant to be definitive and is posted with both good intentions and with good humour . A lot of data was gathered using Mechnical Turk , and then has been compiled by the editor . As this is an editorial , thus subjective , it represents the opinions of the writer , not the company , nor the scores produced by the Mechanical Turk . We considered over 500 names during the whole process . However , if you are sure your name should be on the list – please mail me in confidence .
I hope you enjoy the list .
20 . Henrik Kniberg
One of the few to have books released on the big three ( Scrum , Kanban and XP ) . Henrik Kniberg is popular in Scandinavia . They have recently led the foreign translation of the Agile Manifesto and their books have had more than 500,000 readers
19 . James Shore
James believes that great software development teams consistently deliver market success , technical success and personal success for team members and stakeholders . They were an early adopter of Agile development and wrote a best selling book – The Art of Agile Development – which is also a popular blog .
18 . Lyssa Adkins
The coaches ' coach . A certified scrum trainer who wrote a best-selling book Coaching Agile Teams . Possibly a surprise entry for some , but with a popular blog , strong book sales and internet searches . Lyssa Adkins makes the list .
17 . Israel Gat
The Cutter Consortium Agile Director . Has lead large-scale agile transformation at BMC software and is a self-professed Agile Executive . Their book , the Concise Executive Guide to Agile has become the best seller stateside .
16 . Jim Highsmith
Jim Highsmith ( the third technically ) , is a winner of the Stevens Prize . Now with Thoughtworks , they act as a spokesperson on their behalf . They have also served as Director of Agile for the Cutter Consortium . They wrote Adaptive Software Development in 1999 where they used mountain climbing to illustrate their points about teamwork , planning and adaption .
15 . Roman Pichler
A surprise entrant , but their focus on the Product Owner has increased their influence in the community . With the leading book on the subject and an increasingly popular blog . Roman Pichler makes our list .
14 . Alistair Cockburn
Alistair helped write the Agile Manifesto and the Agile Declaration of Interdependence . They invented a set of methods called Crystal and has recently set up the ICAgile Certification . Despite limited success in this space , they continue to be influential within the Agile community .
13 . Esther Derby
Esther is well known for their work in helping teams . In particular they are recognised as one of the leading thinkers on retrospectives , and co-authored a book on the subject with Diana Larsen .
12 . Scott Ambler
The face of Agile IBM . Scott Ambler has always been controversial in the community for their continued support of unified processes as opposed to the Scrum/XP combination . Scott with their leading role for IBM often has the ear of many large organisations and is also about to release a book on Disciplined Agile Delivery ( DAD as it is affectionately known ) .
11 . Mary Poppendieck
Mary and their delightful husband Tom , introduced us to the world of Toyota . Still very popular on the circuit , they have recently been talking about design thinking ( the next book maybe ) . Mary started the whole movement of bringing Agile and Lean together .
10 . Kent Beck
There are those who will be very critical of Kent Beck 's position . They drive a hard-core fan base , but the reality is that XP seems to be unfashionable today compared to other Agile methods . Kent Beck has a highly popular Twitter account , but despite two excellent books , they were not on the best-seller list provided by Amazon .
9 . Jeff Sutherland
The second founder of Scrum . Jeff Sutherland continues to promote hyper productivity at conferences and the beauty of 30 day software . As Jeff points out on their blog , interest in agile scrum continues to grow , and it is still the main Agile approach for software development teams today . Jeff has never really been a writer of books , but has two coming out , which if they sell well , may improve their position .
8 . Craig Larman
A surprise high entrant . Craig has three titles , which all sell reasonably well which drives their influence . Still one of the leading authors on how to scale Agile .
7 . Ron Jeffries
One of the three founder of Extreme Programming , and though Kent Beck typically gets more credit , most people name the practices as listed by Ron Jeffries . Still active in the community today , they have a very popular blog .
6 . Jurgen Appelo
A bigger name in Europe than America . Jurgen Appelo has taken the market by storm with their Management 3.0 book about complexity . Has recently been an advocate of the Stoos movement and Agile Lean Europe . They have also released a book called How to change the world . They are one of the few ‘ new guard ' to make the list and so it may be worth reading .
5 . David Anderson
David Anderson is the father of software Kanban . Though they scores considerably lower ( book sales for example ) than I expected , one can not ignore the impact they have had on the community through Kanban . They have recently launched accreditation and is the chairperson of the Lean SSC .
4 . Martin Fowler
Over 40,000 twitter followers ( making them the most popular in the Agile community ) and a hard-core fan base makes Martin Fowler a key influential member of the community . Having spent most of their career at Thoughtworks , they continue to be a strong advocate for refactoring .
3 . Uncle Bob Martin
Highly influential on the development community . They have several books in the bestsellers list , often years after their release and is very popular on Twitter . Uncle Bob as they are known has been a software professional since 1970 and initiated the meeting which led to the Agile Manifesto .
2 . Ken Schwaber
Even with Scrum 's market share under attack from those choosing to use Kanban , the highly criticised Scrum Master program , which Ken has replicated and the controversial resignation ( technically caused by a bicycle accident ) from the Scrum Alliance . Ken still remains very popular . Behind the original invention of Scrum , they still resonate with a large proportion of the community .
1 . Mike Cohn
Well , somebody has to be number one . It was a surprise to me that the clear winner is not responsible for the leading Scrum or Kanban approaches . Mike Cohn , the Scrum Alliance Chairman , author of multiple leading books on the subject has been awarded first place . In almost every category , Mike Cohn 's name appeared in the top 10 , and almost always in first or second position . Congratulations Mike .
SALT LAKE CITY — Jon Huntsman Sr. recently said in an interview that they do n't consider tithing as philanthropic giving and that people should be more willing to donate to charities .
Huntsman , 77 , was featured in Forbes on June 23 , where they talked about their membership in The Giving Pledge . The Giving Pledge was founded to encourage billionaires to donate half of their wealth to charity and includes other famous philanthropists like Bill and Melinda Gates and Warren Buffett .
Huntsman has given away $ 1.5 billion — or about 80 percent of their total wealth — to various causes and charities , according to Forbes . However , that total does not include their tithing of 10 percent of their income that they have given to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . Tithing money typically goes to fund the costs of building LDS temples , churches and supporting missionaries , according to mormon.org .
Huntsman said they do n't include their tithing as charitable giving .
“ My philanthropy is not borne out of my faith , ” they told Forbes . “ They require 10 percent tithing . I do n't consider that to be philanthropy and I do n't consider it to be part of my philanthropic giving . I consider it as club dues . People who put money in the church basket and people who go to church and pay the pastor : that is n't real philanthropy , that 's just like you belong to a country club . ”
Forbes reported that Huntsman is one of 19 living people who have donated more than $ 1 billion each to charity . Huntsman made the bulk of their wealth through their chemical products company , Huntsman Corporation . They also started and funded the Utah Huntsman Cancer Institute after losing their mother , father , grandmother , stepmother and brother to cancer and battling it himself .
Huntsman said giving to charity is very fulfilling for him .
“ It 's a high , a real feeling of excitement and exhilaration to be able to help people , ” they told Forbes . “ It 's hard to explain why . It 's not something other members of my family have done ; it 's not something that 's inherited . It 's just something that for me is very important . ”
×
Related Links
Related Stories
Rapper Tory Lanez has become the joke of Twitter after revealing in since-deleted tweets that they dropped $ 35,000 in a store that they claimed discriminated against him .
Lanez stopped by high-end department store Holt Renfrew and claimed an employee “ tried to play me like I was broke , ” according to a video that has since been captured by other Twitter users .
“ I got ta get him , ” Lanez says as they film the Holt Renfrew clerk . “ Look at their ass . Say hello , say hello ! Yeah , we balled out your s— . We walked in the store . They ai n't thought we are gon na buy nothing . We balled out their s— . We Gucci down . We Louis Vuitton down . We everything , n—- ! ”
Tory Lanez clarifies they were gon na drop $ 35,000 regardless . They just made sure the person hating did n't get the commission pic.twitter.com/BxkWWxW3mE — DJ Akademiks ( @ IamAkademiks ) June 11 , 2017
The MC , who visited the shop ahead of their appearance at Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Manchester , Tenn. , explained their choice by saying it was n't about the $ 35,000 they spent as “ we were already going there to do that . ”
“ It 's the fact that They did n't get the percentage , ” Lanez said in a deleted but screenshotted tweet .
“ I hope the co-worker that got the commission was Black , LMAO , ” Complex reported Twitter user @ southernjawn said , which Lanez confirmed was true .
Their explanation did nothing to stop Twitter users from clowning him .
Racist Store Worker : We do n't do business with blacks
Common Sense : take my money elsewhere
Tory Lanez : pic.twitter.com/GV3IC4AGhE — H Don Datta ( @ HollowDaGattMan ) June 11 , 2017
Tory Lanez dropped 35K in a racist establishment , Deray assuaging white guilt , nobody banks black . Whole race in disarray . — Run the Fools ? ? ? ( @ Natural_OneDurr ) June 11 , 2017
Tory Lanez going back to the store to return the items like pic.twitter.com/mHFyjWOa7e — . ( @ najmaaay ) June 11 , 2017
Crackers treated Tory Lanez like shit so they blessed their business with a 35k purchase — Marcus Graham ( @ Yaboy_Skeete ) June 11 , 2017
Tory Lanez was getting discriminated against in a store so they spent 35k , wow giving racist people your money , you showed them — Wenger Out ( @ BasedChasen ) June 11 , 2017
Perhaps Lanez 's tweet from days before the incident sums up their reasoning behind the big spending .
Sometimes I play dumb , to catch dumb people , in dumb shit – Fargo — Tory Lanez # SWAVEY ( @ torylanez ) June 7 , 2017
Lanez is n't the first celebrity to have faced discrimination in a luxury store . Actress Gabourey Sidibe similarly recalled a Chanel employee referring them to another store , indicating the clerk did n't believe they could afford their eyewear . They later got an apology from Chanel .
A ( Long ) Review of Athol Kay 's Married Man Sex Life
I did n't expect to find Athol Kay 's book , Married Man Sex Life particularly interesting .
I 've read enough books , blogs and forums to say that I understand game and evolutionary psychology pretty much from ass to elbow . Furthermore , Athol 's specialty is relationship game – i.e. , getting girls to treat you like gold – which is a skill set I have mastered more than any other . Roosh , Krauser , et al . are probably more effective than I am in the club or on the street , but when it comes to juggling close , loving , but non-monogamous relationships , I 'll go toe-to-toe with them or anyone else , any day of the week .
So while I think Athol 's a great writer , and I 've always had a lot of respect for their work , I was n't expecting to pick up MMSL and have my mind blown .
To an extent , I was right . I learned very little from Athol about Game and the biological origins of human behaviour . Most of my readers probably wo n't either , as MMSL derives much of its content from principles that are common knowledge within the Roissysphere . ( To their great credit , Athol acknowledges the impolite and un-PC Roissy extensively , even though they probably could have saved themselves many headaches by limiting their citations to more palatable sources . )
But whether I learned a lot or a little from MMSL is not a fair test of the book 's quality , because Athol is not writing for jaded twenty-five year old rogues for whom marriage is out of the question . Rather , as the title suggests , they are writing for the married man . And for the most part , they are writing for the beta-ized married man , who needs to step up and inject some Alpha into their relationship .
So let 's talk about my Dad .
My father is without question my # 1 hero and role model in life . I will resist the urge to turn this book review into a 20,000 word post on why .
But per the zeitgeist within which they were raised , they are imbued with a strong and irrational desire to pedestalize and submit to the women they date . They are what the PUA community would call a natural , but their instincts have always been to address problems in a relationship with conciliation . Athol would have no trouble identifying them as a man with excellent game , but who sabotages their relationship with women via excessively beta “ Nice Guy ” behaviours .
When I started reading Roissy , Roosh , Fast Seduction , and the major texts of evolutionary psychology , I also made a hobby of proselytizing my newfound truths to those close to me . I sent my father many Roissy posts ; I left Sperm Wars at their reading table ; I did my youthful best to explain to them the principles of game , the Alpha/Beta dichotomy , and my relationship management strategies . My favourite analogy to draw was from our recent foray into Cesar Milan and their dog training philosophy of becoming the pack leader . Their reply : “ So you 're saying we should treat women like dogs ? ” Marketing was not one of my earlier strengths .
More recently , I started sending them posts from Athol 's blog .
My father never told me , outright , that they had read them . But one day , they made a comment that I recognized as straight from the MMSL playbook . We were n't even talking about women . Our dog was misbehaving , and they grinned and said , “ Maybe I need to be acting more alpha , less beta with him . ”
I called them out on actually reading something I 'd sent him , and they admitted it . We had a long talk about Game , Alpha behaviours , and de-pedestalizing women .
When Athol sent me a review copy of MMSL , I gave it my Dad . They read it cover to cover . They had barely looked at anything I 'd sent them about Game before that . Since then , we 've had conversations in which he 's confessed to doubting some of their longest-held beliefs . They admit the harm their irrational desire to serve women has caused them in their past . They are more comfortable about acknowledging the legitimacy of pursuing their own happiness within their relationship , rather than just their partners . And they have acknowledged that yes , my very not-nice approach towards getting and keeping women might be a valid one .
But while progress can be made , there are some habits that can never be unlearned . My father will never be me . They will always be 90 % Nice Guy . But Athol Kay did more to encourage that crucial 10 % of change with one book , than I have in a near-decade of haranguing , book-buying and link-forwarding .
So why did MMSL succeed where so many before have failed ?
The distinguishing feature of Athol 's book and blog , is their inherent relatability to men with Nice Guy syndrome . There are a lot of men in the world who are instantly repelled by the teachings of the Roissysphere , even though they desperately need its advice . Athol Kay is the ambassador who is distilling those truths into a medium that can be digested , even by men still firmly ensconced in the matrix . Their most remarkable achievement is that they have somehow done so without watering them down with pretty lies .
Athol succeeds at delivering their message because is not a smooth pickup artist . He 's just a regular nice guy – who also has a great family and bangs their wife eight days a week . Recovering nice guys will listen to Athol , because they see themselves in them – a better version of themselves .
When I came of age , I had the realities of Roissy , Style and Tucker Max to compare against the conventional wisdom that men should be nice , and if that 's not enough , well gawsh , they just need to be nicer . I easily concluded that the latter philosophy was crap , and the former had the answers I needed . I faced no obstacles to becoming the cynical realist that I am today .
My father was raised in an era without such resources . They drank the feminist Kool-Aid , and sought to create an equal partnership in their relationships , and eventually marriage . The results would not have surprised Athol , Roissy , or myself circa 2011 . But they surprised our family , as we went through a decade of experiences that read like a Men 's Rights Advocacy pamphlet . Thankfully , our story ends with my father , my siblings and I are living healthy , happy , successful lives . But while reading Athol Kay 's Married Man Sex Life , I caught myself wondering : What if Athol had published their book twenty years ago ? And my father had found it then ?
For many of my readers , the idea of marriage ranges from unthinkable to unlikely . But we are a rare minority in a world full of men and families who will be destroyed by their failure to implement the ideas in MMSL . I think Athol 's book is going to save thousands from the fate that my family suffered . I suggest you search your life for people you care about , and add their names to that list .
Buy Married Man Sex Life at Amazon , or visit the website here .
Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell , left , and homeland security adviser Lisa Monaco listen to President Obama make a statement about the Ebola virus after a meeting in the Roosevelt Room on Oct. 6 , 2014 . ( Photo11 : Brendan Smialowski , AFP/Getty Images )
WASHINGTON — While urging other countries to do more to help contain the deadly Ebola virus in West Africa , President Obama said Monday their team is looking at tighter screenings of airline passengers coming into the United States .
`` We have not seen other countries step up as aggressively as they need to , '' Obama said following the meeting that came a week after the first U.S. case of Ebola surfaced in Dallas .
The president pledged more `` pressure '' on fellow foreign leaders to `` make sure that they are doing everything that they can to join us in this effort . ''
They did not specify which leaders and which countries .
Nor did they specify additional security measures , except to say `` we 're also going to be working on protocols to do additional passenger screening , both at the source ( in West Africa ) and here in the United States . ''
The president and their aides , including public health officials , evaluated their anti-Ebola strategies to decide whether more measures are needed to help keep the virus out of the United States , officials said .
The administration is under increased pressure in light of the case in Dallas , where a man infected with Ebola during a trip to Africa is fighting for their life . The president and aides `` discussed the progress health officials in Texas have made in identifying and monitoring the contacts of the patient in Dallas , '' said a White House statement .
Obama and their national security aides also met as a nurse in Spain became the first person known to catch Ebola outside of West Africa .
The chances of an Ebola epidemic in the United States are `` extremely low , '' Obama said , but they added that `` we do n't have a lot of margin for error . ''
The president and aides stressed that the virus is not transmitted through the air or water , but rather through the exchange of bodily fluids .
Administration officials said they are pleased with screening procedures at airports but will study other suggestions — plenty of which are being made by lawmakers and members of the public .
`` Our experts continue to be confident that the medical infrastructure that we have in place in this country is sufficient to prevent an Ebola outbreak from occurring , '' White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said .
They also referred to a comment Friday by Obama homeland security adviser Lisa Monaco , who said that `` we are constantly going to evaluate what may be the most effective measures we can take . ''
One proposal that officials have ruled out , so far : a travel ban to and from West Africa , the main source of the virus . Earnest cited existing protocols at the nation 's airports and border entry points and said that `` we have a lot of confidence in that multi-layered system . ''
Sen. Charles Schumer , D-N.Y. , said federal agents at airports should conduct more stringent screenings for travelers from West Africa , including taking their temperature .
Rep. Vern Buchanan , R-Fla. , also called for `` tighter screening of those trying to enter our country from Ebola-ravaged nations , '' particularly Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea .
Obama is also deploying troops to West Africa to help officials in those countries fight the virus .
The goal is `` to move supplies and personnel into the region to try to meet the needs of the individuals who are affected by Ebola and to stop this outbreak at the source , '' Earnest said .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1xii7Rf
Thanks for this , a full-filling heads up . Brillouin is an excellent team , congratulations to them . The long life of a modern turbine for large scale electrical power generation is fifty years . Targeting these turbines is a market strategy of Brillouin and Cherokee , each with excellent global positioning . China would love to see an end to king coal and can implement this replacement through state mandate , quicker than any other adoption method . Economics will spur the rest . The coal trains will quickly stop . Those turbines will keep turning for decades , clean electricity , with LENR thermal .
“ Bertrand Russell saw the Enlightenment as a phase in a progressive development , which began in antiquity , and that reason and challenges to the established order were constant ideals throughout that time . ”
A bit of prose for your enjoyment during these end of year holidays .
Live and Learn
I will learn something new every day !
Well , that 's a Noble Profession
Two things are absolute ( not just one )
In order to succeed
You got to be ignorant
And you got to be smart
gbgoble2015
Aeolus , the Greek god of air and wind , played a part in inspiring the first turbine . A symbiosis of the sacrum/profanum .
A god of Greece was observed as air ( pressure ) and as sun ( heat ) when swirling wind ( motion ) was felt upon their face . Pondering this while watching mists form and rise from the valley , dreaming of the steam whistling and bubbling out of kettles and pots in their grandmothers ' kitchen . The unknowable is glimpsed , becomes a question , leading to locomotion , powering industry , and the Age of Enlightenment ..
An aeolipile ( or aeolipyle , or eolipile ) , also known as a Hero engine , is a simple bladeless radial steam turbine which spins when the central water container is heated . Torque is produced by steam jets exiting the turbine , much like a tip jet or rocket engine . In the 1st century CE , Hero of Alexandria described the device .
The aeolipile Hero described is considered to be the first recorded steam engine or reaction steam turbine .
The name – derived from the Greek word Αἴολος and Latin word pila – translates to `` the ball ofAeolus '' , Aeolus being the Greek god of the air and wind .
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aeolipile
`` A Fully Non-Metallic Gas Turbine Engine Enabled by Additive Manufacturing '' Joseph E. Grady NASA Glenn Research Center NASA Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate ( ARMD ) 2015 LEARN/Seedling Technical Seminar January 13–15 , 2015 http : //nari.arc.nasa.gov/sites…t/files/GradySeedling.pdf
Government intervention to stabilise financial systems in times of banking crises ultimately involves political decisions . This paper sheds light on how certain political variables influence policy choices during banking crises and hence have an impact on fiscal outlays .
We employ cross-country econometric evidence from all crisis episodes in the period 1970-2011 to examine the impact political and party systems have on the fiscal cost of financial sector intervention . Governments in presidential systems are associated with lower fiscal costs of crisis management because they are less likely to use costly bank guarantees , thus reducing the exposure of the state to significant contingent and direct fiscal liabilities . Consistent with these findings we find further evidence that these governments are less likely to use bank recapitalisation and more likely to impose losses on depositors .
Bob Levey/Getty Images
When one hears the name Arian Foster they may have the words `` rushing leader , '' `` amazing , '' or `` breakout '' come to mind , but perhaps the word kept most secret is `` injured . ''
Mike Florio of ProFootballTalk broke the news that the 2010 league rushing leader secretly played the season with a torn meniscus in their knee . Foster , Florio writes , was afraid of losing their starting role on the team and decided , perhaps against better judgement , to play on their bad knee .
Their injury has been repaired , via surgery , meaning that Foster could quite possibly be even faster this season while also having the ability to plant and cut more precisely . If this is the case there will be many skeptics whose assumptions will be laid to rest . Many have speculated that Foster was a one-shot wonder and would not be able to repeat their 2010 season .
While amassing 1,616 yards on the ground , 604 yards receiving and 18 total touchdowns may seem to be unrepeatable to many , the fact that they accomplished this while injured speaks volumes .
Arian continues to be a humble player . This past season they were named to the All-Pro First Team , won an ESPY and broke a Houston Texans rushing record , all while being paid the league minimum wage .
What all of this means for the 2011 season should be fairly obvious . Arian Foster will be a beast on the field for the Houston Texans . For a team that already has a great aerial attack , coupling a breakout running back ( with a good knee ) will make them a force not to be reckoned with . It will also mean a new contract that will be substantial despite their exclusive-rights free-agent status .
The Texans are looking to dethrone the Colts as the AFC leaders . With a healthy Foster , the possibility certainly exists . Watch for Foster to light up the field with their blazing speed , downhill running and field awareness .
Namaste !
Few radio amateurs use the telemetry functionality of APRS . We count telemetry as any standard or BASE91 telemetry packet . Over a 24 hour period we 've observed around 44 distinct stations with an average of 13 stations sending telemetry over 5 minute periods . This pales in comparison to the entire APRS-IS stream which in 24 hours averages 7,000 distinct stations and totaling over 31,000 stations sending a packet . This means just 0.13 % of the APRS user base sends a telemetry packet . Disappointing .
Amateur radio was founded in experimentation and remote telemetry is paramount to exciting experimentation . FaradayRF is changing this . The Faraday radio is designed with remote sensing as a core design principle and presents operators with direct access to ADC and SPI sensors . Our software formats and sends out high resolution BASE91 APRS telemetry too . There is just one missing piece… Viewing APRS telemetry .
We 've been hard at work integrating open source technology with the APRS-IS system to make ham radio telemetry useful . In the process , we wrote aprs2influxdb as part of our # LaunchWithFaraday buoy project . Our new service is located at https : //telemetry.faradayrf.com and centers around providing immediate and aesthetically pleasing access to APRS data . This service is not limited to FaradayRF owners and is free for use by all APRS stations regardless of hardware used . We invite you to view and share this website with others but please keep the following in mind :
Telemetry.FaradayRF.com is a beta service so reliability is not guaranteed at this time .
All APRS data older than 24 hours is deleted from the database
Data is Beautiful
How many of us have launched a High Altitude Balloon and used aprs.fi to track it ? Most , I would assume . It 's simple , just works , and is already available . We have to write custom programs to plot our APRS data or export it from aprs.fi using CSV files . This is messy . With the FaradayRF Telemetry service you can track your High Altitude Balloon Telemetry in real-time . We watched AE0SS-12 fly just outside of Denver , CO on Sunday October 22 , 2017 using Telemetry.FaradayRF.com . This balloon peaked around 29,441 meters ( about 96,000 feet ) before descending to the ground . It also reached a peak speed of 161 km/h during flight when the payload traveled through the atmosphere at 10km altitude ! Check out AE0SS-12 on telemetry.faradayrf.com yourself !
So do n't spend time worrying about designing a telemetry dashboard service for your project . Use Telemetry.FaradayRF.com dashboards as your user interface and focus on building what matters… a successful mission .
Faraday Radios Are Designed for Telemetry
While Telemetry.FaradayRF.com supports all APRS stations , just 0.13 % of all APRS stations actually sent out standard or BASE91 telemetry packets . Out of the box our radio sends five analog measurements into all five available APRS telemetry fields at 12 bit accuracy . It can send more measurements… but we 're limited by APRS-IS at this time . Every one of you who owns a Faraday radio is helping increase traffic of this underutilized APRS feature and therefore helping push ham radio into the future . You rock !
Above is a test using a Faraday radio over RF . You can play with the data here ! This is the initial view of our current dashboard showing all relevant information . We have immediate indication of current speed and altitude along with a graph over time of both . Since this station was stationary , you can see GPS altitude wander as the satellites move overhead . All four analog measurements which are not board temperature values are shown as gauges . Since we do not currently scale telemetry yet , you are seeing raw ADC bits with a maximum value of 4095 .
Scrolling down more we see the image shown above which plots all four ADC values on the same graph with Analog 4 using the right axis . Analog 4 is the battery voltage which clearly shows a discharging battery over the duration of the test ! Below that we see the board temperature plotted as the mean value of all data in 5 minute intervals . There were some drops in data here which is unusual but the dashboard is set to null these out so it is obvious there is missing data . Lastly , the list at the bottom shows all Faraday radios heard on APRS-IS within the time period being viewed .
Grafana Basics
Grafana is an open source tool largely used to view data center health such as CPU use , disk space , user count , etc . We 've leveraged Grafana to help radio amateurs . Here are some tips to navigate around :
View Dashboards
The top left of the Telemetry website has and area you can click and see all available dashboards as well as search using name/keyword filters .
Sharing Station Dashboards
Also near the top left is a sharing icon ( arrow ) which shows several options related to sharing the current dashboard . Linking to the dashboard simply sends someone to the current view/time range of the station currently being observed . Creating a snapshot will save the data to the web server ( it will not delete in 24 hours per database rules ) and allows anyone to view the data as if it were in the database . I shared a snapshot of AE0SS-12 earlier in this blog post ! Please avoid setting expiration to “ Never ” when possible . We may prune snapshots as needed .
Searching Callsigns
On certain dashboards there is a “ Callsign ” variable which can be changed . Clicking on the callsign drop-down menu shows several pre-selected options . However , you may type in all caps any callsign-id ( i.e . KB1LQC-1 ) to search our database .
Changing the Time Range
The top-right of most dashboards has an area you can see the current time range being shown . Often this is “ Last Hour ” with a refresh rate of once per minute or similar . Clicking on this allows you to enter custom time ranges as well as several suggested ranges and refresh rates . Remember , we drop all data older than 24 hours from our database at this time .
Exporting CSV Data
Grafana tables and graph titles open a menu when clicked on . Clicking on the “ hamburger ” icon in this menu opens up an option to export data as a CSV file .
We Hope You Enjoy Telemetry
Let us know what you think of our project ! We aim to benefit all radio amateurs using APRS with this service and while we hope you will purchase a Faraday Radio to experiment with we also encourage you to use any APRS hardware or software . Amateur radio is becoming more exciting by the day as we leverage open source technology to breath fresh air into amateur radio . Subscribe below to stay up to date with our projects and leave a comment about this blog post below !
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Author : Bryce Salmi Licensed radio amateur KB1LQC and Co-Founder of FaradayRF . Professional Electrical Engineer designing and building avionics for rockets and spacecraft during the day and developing the future of digital amateur radio experimentation by night . All opinions are my own . https : //keybase.io/brycesalmi Twitter Github
West Ham United manager Sam Allardyce has defended their recent displays after their own supporters chanted about the side 's style of football .
The Hammers boss vowed to play `` the West Ham way '' when they took over in June but fans have voiced their displeasure at what they see as direct tactics .
Supporters at the 2-0 win at Peterbrough were heard singing , 'We 're West Ham United , we play on the floor ' .
But Allardyce said : `` I 'm sick of all that rubbish . ''
Media playback is not supported on this device We face most pressure - Allardyce
The victory cemented West Ham 's position in third and closed the gap on second-placed Reading , who the Hammers entertain at Upton Park on Saturday .
Allardyce has been on the receiving end of vocal criticism from fans in previous home matches , something they say they have found surprising .
`` I think we 've lost three at home all season so I do n't know why they [ the fans ] are not harmonious - you 'll have to ask the fans that , '' they told BBC London 94.9 .
`` Perhaps their expectations are too much and they 're getting a bit carried away , I do n't know .
`` The pressure is on us like it is every week . We have more pressure on us than anyone else , but we have to live with that and deliver , and today we did . Let 's hope we do on Saturday . ''
The Irons have not lost since a 5-1 defeat at Ipswich Town on 31 January but a run of five consecutive draws , prior to the win over Peterborough , has seen them lose pace with leaders Southampton .
Despite the winless run Allardyce was keen to point out the encouraging performances their side have put in .
`` I looked at the facts , and the facts are that at Burnley we 've out-played them , out-passed them , away from home , and all the other six teams recently we 've done exactly the same , that we 've drawn against .
`` The only team we did n't outplay was Southampton with 10 men recently , and that 's probably eight games ago . ''
Allardyce 's sides have previously attracted criticism over their style of play and the 57-year-old blamed the media and their previous team 's successes for the criticism of their tactics .
`` It did n't start off from there though [ the media ] - it started off from other managers many years ago , because they got jealous because I kept beating them .
`` It 's there and I just have to carry on , I do n't let it affect me personally , I just know what 's good for the players at West Ham , I know what 's good for West Ham as a football club , and I know how to win football matches . ''
It was only a few minutes of play , but for Kevin McKenna , it was a very special few minutes .
Their 89th-minute appearance for FC Köln on Monday capped a 10-month journey that began last May when they found out he 'd need potentially career-ending knee surgery . The 34-year-old defender – who has captained Canada for many of their 63 national-team appearances – decided they are n't going to go out like that , with their substitution on Monday being the culmination of those efforts .
It 's unknown how much time McKenna has left . But it looks like , he 's hoping , he 'll be able to go out on their own terms .
Olivier Occean also got into that 2.Bundesliga game late – on the other side of the ball , for Kaiserslautern , in what ended up a 0-0 draw .
Michael Petrasso played what was likely their last game on loan at Coventry City , going 58 minutes in Saturday 's 2-2 draw with Port Vale . But the 18-year-old , who has already scored for three different teams in England this season , could be sticking around , as Coventry is hoping to extend their loan until season 's end .
Goalkeeper Julian Latendresse-Levesque , making their second start for Lokomotive Leipzig , notched their second straight clean sheet in a 0-0 draw with Bak '07 on Sunday , while fellow 'keeper Roberto Stillo was forced into action for Perugia in the 72nd minute on Sunday after starter Jan Koprivec was sent off . Stillo , like JLL , held the opposition off the score sheet in a 0-0 draw against L'Aquila in Italy 's third tier .
Dejan Jakovic continued settling in at Shimizu S-Pulse in Japan , going the full 90 for the second straight week in a 4-1 loss to Cerezo Osaka on Saturday .
Fellow defender Andre Hainault went 69 minutes in VfR Aalen 's 2-0 loss to Bochum II on Friday , while youngster Daniel Stanese went the distance for FC Augsburg II in a 1-0 loss to 1860 München II in 2.Bundesliga action .
Canada 's midfield stalwarts did their normal full-game work for their respective clubs – Pedro Pacheco ( CD Santa Clara ) , Atiba Hutchinson ( Besiktas ) and Julian de Guzman ( Skoda Xanthi ) – while veterans Nik Ledgerwood ( MSV Duisburg ) and Tam Nsaliwa ( Bucaspor ) all put in full-90 appearances this past week .
When it comes to strikers , Simeon Jackson started and played most of Millwall 's 0-0 draw with Charlton in The Championship on Saturday , while Caleb Clarke ( FC Augsburg II ) and Randy Edwini-Bonsu ( Stuttgarter Kickers ) both came on as second-half substitutes in Germany 's lower divisions .
San Francisco has agreed to a $ 190,000 payout in a lawsuit brought by an illegal alien alleging they violated their own “ sanctuary city ” policies and reported them to federal immigration authorities .
Pedro Figueroa-Zarceno , a 33-year old El Salvadoran in the U.S. illegally , agreed to settle their lawsuit , which they filed after someone in the San Francisco Police Department notified immigration authorities of their status in violation of the city 's sanctuary policy , according to Fox News .
The settlement was reached with the city attorney 's office , but the agreement has yet to be approved by the Board of Supervisors .
According to the San Francisco Examiner :
The settlement agreement — which was introduced to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors Tuesday and has yet to be voted on — and lawsuit names a number of officers who were involved , including then-Acting Chief of Police Toney Chaplin , Sheriff Vicki Hennessy , Sgt .. Trevor Kelly and Eric Balmy , and officers Kevin Clifford , Nicole Chambers and Dayna Thibeaux .
When Zarceno , an illegal alien and native of El Salvador , walked into the police station in the Mission Bay District of San Francisco to report their car stolen on December 2 , 2015 , they were reportedly shocked that police focused on them instead .
SFPD ran their information , and an open warrant popped up — but because they were unable to ascertain the details , they let them leave . As soon a walked out the side door of the station , they were allegedly arrested by Immigration Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) .
KFI AM 640 , a Southern California talk radio station reports that Figueroa-Zarceno 's attorney “ said the ICE document shows that they were in jail for two days back in 2012 for DUI , and had a civil deportation order dating back to 2005. ” It adds that “ He had no [ current ] criminal warrants in the system . ”
“ It 's really important for San Francisco to remain a sanctuary city not in name only but also in practice , ” an attorney representing them told the Examiner . “ Our hope is that the department is going to look into this further and really examine the way that the department can do more . ”
Zarceno has been fighting their deportation ever since they were released from two months in custody .
“ What happened to me was very unfair and it was an injustice , ” Figueroa-Zerceno said , according to a statement published by Fox News .. “ I went into the police station to seek help and they did n't tell me what was happening and they arrested me and treated me badly . ”
Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author , currently on a book tour for their new book : Patriot Not Politician : Win or Go Homeless . They ran for governor in 2014 .
FaceBook : https : //www.facebook.com/tim.donnelly.12/
Twitter : @ PatriotNotPol
The once-antithetical notion of working in retirement has become the new reality ; Next Avenue blogger Chris Farrell calls it Unretirement . Now , a new Merrill Lynch study that surveyed 1,856 working retirees — Work in Retirement : Myths and Motivations — shows why people are doing it .
You 'll be surprised .
Merrill Lynch was . “ This work and retirement study blew us away , ” says David Tyrie , head of Retirement & Personal Wealth Solutions for Bank of America Merrill Lynch .
Turns out , retirees who work part-time ( in what the report calls Retirement FlexCareers ) are n't doing it for the money — well not mostly for the money for most of them , according to the survey , conducted in partnership with the AgeWave consulting firm .
( MORE : Partial Retirement Is On the Rise )
Why People Work In Retirement
The No . 1 reason they 're working , the survey said , is “ to stay mentally active. ” Money was No . 4 , after “ to stay physically active , ” “ social connections ” and “ sense of identity/self worth . ”
And 80 percent of the working retirees said they work because they “ want to ; ” 20 percent said they work because they “ have to . ”
4 Types of Working Retirees
The importance of money , however , depended on which of the four camps the working retirees fell into :
Caring Contributors ( 33 percent ) — Primarily women , they work to give back to their communities or to worthwhile causes , often at nonprofits and sometimes as unpaid volunteers . Many are in encore careers .
Earnest Earners ( 28 percent ) — They need the income to pay the bills and are mostly unsatisfied with the work they 're doing .
Life Balancers ( 24 percent ) — They care mostly about workplace friendships and social connections , but also need the money .
Driven Achievers ( 15 percent ) — Mostly men , they 're Type A 's who feel at the top of their game ; many are entrepreneurs .
Three in five of the working retirees said retirement gave them an opportunity to “ transition to something new , ” said Tyrie . Many are working for themselves and only 14 percent of them said it was because they could n't find any other work .
( MORE : Starting a Side Gig After 50 )
“ One of the amazing surprises in the survey , ” says Ken Dychtwald , President and CEO of AgeWave , “ is that people in their retirement careers are three times more likely to be entrepreneurs and small-business builders than young people. ” Some 32 percent of the working retirees surveyed are self-employed , compared with 11 percent of respondents who are n't retired .
Nearly three quarters of the pre-retirees age 50 and older surveyed ( 72 percent ) said their “ ideal retirement ” includes work in some capacity .
Not Everyone Can Work In Retirement
But whether they 'll actually be able and healthy enough to land jobs or start businesses is another question . In the latest annual Employee Benefits Research Institute retirement confidence survey , just 27 percent of retirees are working . ( In the Merrill Lynch survey , 16 percent of retirees work , 19 percent worked earlier in retirement and 12 percent plan to work . )
As Next Avenue money and work blogger Kerry Hannon ( author of Great Jobs for Everyone 50+ ) told me : “ In a survey , workers will say one thing as they gaze down the road , but in the stark reality , it 's another thing altogether . ”
4 Phases of the 'Retirement Workscape '
Another surprise from the survey : the “ retirement workscape , ” as the report dubs it , is a series of four phases :
Phase 1 : Pre-Retirement — the five years ( on average ) before leaving full-time work . These are the years when Next Avenue work and volunteering blogger Nancy Collamer says you should be “ actively exploring ways you might be able to leverage your skills in a more lifestyle-friendly way , as a freelancer , temp , consultant or entrepreneur . ”
Phase 2 : Career Intermission — It 's the first 2 ½ years of retirement , on average , when retirees take a temporary break from working . “ Intermission is a good term , ” says Tyrie . “ It 's a time when you can stretch your legs and rejuvenate before going back in . ”
Phase 3 : Reengagement — This period lasts for next nine years or so , when retirees who are typically in their late 60s and early 70s work part-time .
Phase 4 : Leisure — These are the work-free years . “ Most people do n't want to work to their last breath , ” says Dychtwald .
Concern About a Career Intermission
Hannon and I , however , offer caution about that Career Intermission , which 52 percent of the working retirees said they took .
While it sounds enticing to take time to “ relax , recharge and retool , ” as Merrill Lynch and Age Wave call this period , once you 've stopped working , some employers wo n't consider you . And the longer you 're out of the workforce , the harder it gets .
As Dychtwald says : “ Trying to get a job can take twice as long if you 're over 55 as if you 're younger . ”
( MORE : Does 'Out of Work ' Mean Damaged Goods ? )
To make yourself the strongest candidate , the working retirees surveyed recommended keeping your skills up to date ; 44 percent who 'd taken a break when they first retired said their biggest challenge re-entering the workforce was that their skills had slipped .
This is one reason some people in their 50s and 60s start their own businesses or become consultants .
How to Prepare for a Working Retirement
If you 're nearing retirement , Tyrie and Dychtwald say , use that time to expand your business network , take classes , volunteer or — if you can — work part-time in a field related to the one you want to be in . Also , they say , talk with working retirees to see how they 've done it .
Collamer believes this is all good advice but adds that “ it 's also important to make time for introspection and reflection about what you love , what you do best and what you find most meaningful in life and work . ”
Then , they say , “ you 'll make decisions based on a lifetime of data , as opposed to ones made in reaction to your most recent life and work experiences . ”
They also second the Merrill Lynch/Age Wave advice to talk with your employer before you retire to explore opportunities for continued work there on a more flexible basis .
Says Collamer : “ Do n't assume your employer does n't have anything . You might be pleasantly surprised . A part-time gig with your current employer might serve as a bridge to your next act . ”
The Benefits of Working in Retirement
Hannon is a big believer that working in retirement ( if you can ) keeps you alive intellectually , financially and spiritually . Another plus : 83 percent of the working retirees said it makes them feel “ more youthful . ”
Do n't worry if the first type of work you do in retirement is n't a perfect match . “ You might have a couple of new careers moving forward , ” says Hannon . “ I see it as weaving a quilt of jobs that pay , have meaning and make you feel connected and alive . ”
By Richard Eisenberg @ richeis315 Richard Eisenberg is the Senior Web Editor of the Money & Security and Work & Purpose channels of Next Avenue and Managing Editor for the site . They are the author of How to Avoid a Mid-Life Financial Crisis and has been a personal finance editor at Money , Yahoo , Good Housekeeping , and CBS MoneyWatch .
Next Avenue Editors Also Recommend :
Next Avenue brings you stories that are inspiring and change lives . We know that because we hear it from our readers every single day . One reader says , `` Every time I read a post , I feel like I 'm able to take a single , clear lesson away from it , which is why I think it 's so great . '' Your generous donation will help us continue to bring you the information you care about . What story will you help make possible ? Make a Donation to Next Avenue
Why does Next Avenue need my donation ?
© Twin Cities Public Television - 2019 . All rights reserved .
By Patrick Cooper
It 's a fact that one day the robots are going to kill and/or enslave us all . It 's even in the Bible somewhere , trust me . This notion of creations turning against their masters has been a staple of fiction for centuries ; from the Jewish folk tale of the Golem to Frankenstein to Battlestar Galactica . However , these cautionary tales still have n't swayed those with the means of construction from playing god and building blasphemous , soulless machines that will one day eat our kittens and take away our cable . People have been writing about and even designing robots since BCE , but the real robot renaissance began during the Age of Enlightenment and carried throughout the 18th century . The unveiling of new robots would pack theater halls and museums from London to New York City and even royalty could n't resist the draw of these eerily real creations . Some merely played instruments and some simulated defecation , but no matter how innocent the action , they 're all permanently written in the blueprint of our destruction .
7 ) The Female Musician at the Court of Louis 16th
A fembot designed for unnatural pleasure in the guise of a harpsichord-playing lady of royalty ? Nice . Several noted historians claim that Louis XVI would defile this talented robot while their wife of flesh and bone was sleeping upstairs . Some even claim their spine glowed a red hue while the lascivious Louis had their way with them Actually , none of that 's true . All these automata really did was blink and play Baroque music on a harpsichord . But the impressive thing was that they really did play the instrument ; pressing the keys and moving their head accordingly — hey , that was impressive for 1770 , work with me , folks . They could play a total of 24 notes and when paired with other musical automata I 'm sure they really sounded quite nice…okay , you win . They were just a music box with nice tits .
6 ) The Flute Player of 1738
French engineer and watchmaker Jacques de Vaucanson built several robots during their life including the first successful biomechanical android , the Flute Player . It took four years for Vaucanson to construct this life-sized wooden statue of a man dressed like an idiot . After those long , grueling years , Vaucanson created something that could , well… play the flute . The Flute Player could perform 11 different songs on their transverse flute while imitating the necessary movements of human lips , hands , and lungs . In 1738 , Vaucanson premiered their creation at the Hotel de Longueville in Paris and exploded viewer 's 18th century minds . The Duke of Luynes , chronicler at the Royal Court and amateur robot critic , was at the exhibition and commented , “ air really blows out through the mouth and the fingers actually play. ” The duke should have pulled out their flintlock right then and there and blew the android 's wooden head off , saving us all from damnation .
5 ) The Digesting ( and Pooping ) Duck of 1739
Another Jacques de Vaucanson joint . In 1739 they stole the hearts of children and immature adults alike with the drinking , quacking , and defecating Digesting Duck . The small automata would appear to eat kernels of grain and then the audience was allowed to watch as the kernel travelled through the cross-section of the duck 's abdomen ; following it to the end when a green substance would drip out of the duck 's asshole . Awesome . Vaucason did their best to imitate an actual digestive process , but even they admitted that the process could not “ make blood and nourishing particles to nurture the animal. ” Thanks for clearing that up , pal . Of course , the duck did not actually digest anything ; this was before they had indoor plumbing let alone the know-how to put together a robot that could actually digest food . Once “ eaten , ” the food was stored in a container and the faux duck shit would come out of another . 18th century smartass Voltaire summed it up perfectly when they said , “ without [ … ] the duck of Vaucanson , you have nothing to remind you of the glory of France . ”
4 ) Leonardo Da Vinci 's Terminator
Leonardo da Vinci sketched up the designs for the first humanoid robot in 1495 and we all should be grateful they never built the damn thing . Why ? Because it was designed to fucking kill us all . According to the sketches , the robot would be clad in Italian style armor and have the ability to sit up and move its arms , neck , and jaw . With those kinds of abilities , this mighty mechanical juggernaut would have certainly wiped out anything in its path and we would all be in slime pods powering the Matrix right now . The designs were n't discovered until 1950 and the robot was actually built by professor Mario Taddei of Milan , who will most certainly work for Skynet one day .
3 ) Antonio Diavolo , Chucky of the 1800s
18th century Parisian magician and mechanical clockmaker Jean Eugene Robert-Houdin frequently combined their stage illusions with mechanical figures of their own construction . Seeing the public 's fascination with the creations of artisans like Vaucanson , Robert-Houdin saw the potential for robots more geared towards the stage . They created several ingenious robots during their career : a confectioner automaton that served the audience cakes and liquor , an orange tree which would produce flowers , fruit , and the handkerchief of a chosen audience member , and a nightmarish little demon by the name of Antonio Diavolo . Robert-Houdin would carry this little hell-spawn onto the stage , place it on a miniature trapeze wire , and Diavolo would then greet the audience . He 'd bow to every corner of the theater , perform a series of intricate trapeze maneuvers , hang by their feet , and then come down from the wire . They would even take a break and smoke a pipe once in awhile . Now , there 's no evidence suggesting that Robert-Houdin somewhere in their life sold their soul to the Devil , but c'mon . Sure , Diavolo was controlled in part by pulleys and levers off in the wings of the theater , but it would probably be a bad idea to sleep in the same room as him . Chances are they would rise from their trunk , stealthily creep over to your bed , slit your throat , and wash their joints with your blood .
2 ) The Terrifying Talking Head of 1845
Created by engineer Joseph Faber in 1845 , this abomination was originally intended to be used as an addition to the telegraph . Faber wished to convert the dots and dashes used in telegraph communication into a real , coherent human voice . What instead emerged from their laboratory was a nightmare pulled from the collective imagination of all the fallen angels of Hell . Look at that fucking thing . Imagine that , but talking to you . One eye witness stated that the machine had a “ ghostly ” and “ monotone ” voice . HAL , anyone ? The cold , lifeless face was controlled by a series of piano keys and pedals which projected 16 basic sounds which could be manipulated in such a manner that replicated “ every word in all European languages. ” The machine was quickly bought by professional bullshit artist P.T . Barnum who tried to misdirect people from its terrifying appearance by billing it under the unassuming name of “ Euphonia. ” The bitch was a massive success and toured several countries . Barnum later sold it to a horny well-to-do in London for God knows what .
1 ) “ The Turk ”
< a href= '' http : //www.toplessrobot.com/Turk.jpg '' onclick= '' window.open ( 'http : //www.toplessrobot.com/Turk.jpg ' , 'popup ' , 'width=600 , height=523 , scrollbars=no , resizable=no , toolbar=no , directories=no , location=no , menubar=no , status=no , left=0 , top=0 ' ) ; return false '' >
Before Deep Blue vs. Kasparov , there was the Turk vs. the World . Designed in the late 18th century by Hungarian inventor Wolfgang von Kempelen , the Turk would be exhibited for over 80 years , leaving a trail of defeated chess opponents in its wake . It was n't until the 1820s that the Turk was revealed to be hoaxed , but this was only after they made fools out of challengers such as Napoleon I and Benjamin Franklin . Before an exhibition , the presenter would open two cabinets so the audience could see there was no one inside controlling the Turk . Then a third cabinet would be opened to reveal a mess of tightly-packed machinery , the “ brains ” of the Turk . The trick was that an average size chess master would recline within the machine , unseen by the audience , and control the movements of the Turk through levers and magnets . The Turk later retired and was put on display in the Chinese Museum in Philadelphia , where it was destroyed in a fire . Although just a clever hoax , the Turk raised a lot of questions about the potential for robots that could think and make cognitive decisions . And we all know how this turns out ( see : episode three of the Sarah Conner Chronicles ) .
Riots , pamphlets and one Tea Party later , all done to help level the playing field for tea smugglers who were not about to let quality goods get in the way of their incredibly shortsighted business model .
And in this case , the secret word demanded that some motherfuckers better get their tea-dump on .
1 They Stirred Up Religious Bigotry to Get People on Their Side
To be fair to the asshole teabaggers , there were a few legitimate reasons to hate Great Britain but , to be fair to history , the colonists did n't really choose any of those reasons . They picked greed and bigotry .
Buy Why ?
In 1774 , Parliament passed the Quebec Act , which did two big things : 1 ) it provided religious toleration and rights to Catholics and 2 ) it expanded Quebec 's land in Canada down to the Ohio River , away from the colonists ( who , remember , stole it from the French in the first place ) . Basically , it was like a big fruit basket from the British to Catholic French Canada with a card that read `` Sorry we conquered you ; maybe in time you will learn to love us ? ''
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
At this point , even after the Boston Tea Party , Massachusetts was the only colony that was really on board with the whole independence idea . Massachusetts , that is , and people like Washington , Jefferson and Patrick Henry , who invested a lot of money in the Ohio territory and did n't exactly want to sit back and let the British give it to the stupid French and Indians , so they could ruin it with hairy armpits and crepe teepees . They were outraged and felt oppressed , sure , but they were still the minority at the time . They needed to convince the mostly king-loyal public that these laws were meant to oppress them silly , and they were n't going to do that with the whole `` I put all my eggs in the 'Ohio Country ' basket and am personally screwed if this goes tits up '' argument , so they decided to tap into the old English standard : frothing , belligerent Catholic hating .
Except for one problem : people did n't really hate Catholics anymore . But they definitely had it in them to hate anything that they thought was ruining the Land O ' Opportunity , and the founding fathers totally played into it .
`` Are you just going to sit there and let the goddamned Catholics eat all your babies ? ''
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Alexander Hamilton argued that Quebec would become an irresistible magnet for Catholics who would then destroy the colonies , which is really about a drink away from just coming out and saying that Quebec is a self-arming death-ray that shoots popes . Paul Revere drew a cartoon showing the writers of the Quebec Act in cahoots with the Devil , and the Catholics for being one bishop short of Captain Planet :
It might not seem like a lot , but it was enough to enrage the colonists . Predictably , the British were pretty confused that THIS is what got the masses to turn against . But considering how much of a complicated clusterfuck the issues between the colonies and Great Britain had already been , it makes perfect sense that it would take something as simple as the 18th century equivalent of THEY TOOK OUR JAHBS .
Do you have something funny to say about a random topic ? You could be on the front page of Cracked.com tomorrow . Go here and find out how to create a Topic Page .
For more historical bastards , check out 6 Great US Presidents and Their Crimes Against Humanity and 11 Baseball Legends Who Were Legendary Assholes .
And stop by our Top Picks ( Updated 2.22.2010 ) to see how everyone else on the Internet is takin ' our jahbs !
And do n't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get dick jokes sent straight to your news feed .
Or check out some reasons to watch Olympic curling with our friends over at that Bleacher Report .
President Trump on Thursday signed a resolution condemning white supremacists and hate groups , hours after reviving their assertion that there were `` bad dudes '' among the people who assembled to oppose a white nationalist protest in Charlottesville , Virginia , last month .
`` You know , you have some pretty bad dudes on the other side also , '' the president told reporters aboard Air Force One , sparking another round of criticism that the president has failed to adequately condemn hate speech .
The resolution , passed by Congress earlier this week , condemns `` the violence and domestic terrorist attack that took place '' in Charlottesville as well as white supremacists , neo-Nazis , and other hate groups .
It also urges the president and their administration to `` speak out against hate groups that espouse racism , extremism , xenophobia , anti-Semitism and white supremacy , '' and calls on the Justice Department and other federal agencies to `` use all resources available '' to address the growing prevalence of those groups .
`` As Americans , we condemn the recent violence in Charlottesville and oppose hatred , bigotry , and racism in all forms , '' Trump said in a statement announcing the signing . They called on Americans to move forward `` as one people '' and `` to rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans . ''
Trump 's earlier comments on Charlottesville came one day after they met in private with Sen. Tim Scott ( R ) of South Carolina , the Senate 's lone black Republican , at the White House . The two discussed the president 's past remarks blaming `` many sides '' for the violence and death around a Confederate statue .
Recounting their conversation with Senator Scott , Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One on Thursday : `` I think especially in light of the advent of antifa , if you look at what 's going on there , you know , you have some pretty bad dudes on the other side also . And essentially that 's what I said . ''
`` Antifa '' is short for `` anti-fascist , '' an umbrella description for far-left-leaning militant groups .
Trump added that more and more people are starting to agree with him .
`` A lot of people are saying – in fact a lot of people have actually written , 'Gee , Trump might have a point , ' '' Trump said . `` I said , 'You got some very bad people on the other side also , ' which is true . ''
Trump last month said there were `` very fine people '' among the nationalists and neo-Nazis protesting the possible removal of a Confederate statue in Charlottesville .
Scott said they told the president that there was no comparison .
`` We had three or four centuries of rape , murder , and death brought at the hands of the ( Ku Klux Klan ) and those who believe in a superior race , '' they told reporters at the Capitol . `` I wanted to make sure we were clear on the delineation between who 's on which side in the history of the nation . ''
Scott bluntly criticized Trump for assigning blame in a way that put white supremacist protesters on equal footing with counterdemonstrators who turned out for the Aug. 12 protests , sparked by Charlottesville officials ' decision to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee .
That remark , Scott said , compromised Trump 's moral authority as president .
On Wednesday , Trump told Scott that they just meant to convey `` that there was an antagonist on the other side '' – to which Scott replied , `` The real picture has nothing to do with who is on the other side . ''
Scott continued : `` I shared my thoughts of the last three centuries of challenges from white supremacists , white nationalists , KKK , neo-Nazis , so there is no way to find an equilibrium when you have three centuries of history . ''
The president said that they got the point , Scott said . Asked if the president can regain their moral authority , Scott responded , `` That will take time . ''
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump and Scott had an `` in-depth '' discussion about the Charlottesville comments , `` but the focus was primarily on solutions moving forward . ''
`` That was what both people came to the meeting wanting to discuss , '' Ms. Sanders said during a White House briefing . `` What we can do to bring people together , not talk about divisions within the country . ''
Scott said Trump also brought up Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett , who has accused Las Vegas police of using racially motivated excessive force against him .
Bennett sat on the bench during the national anthem before Sunday 's game at Green Bay , one of several NFL players protesting in support of former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick , who remains unsigned after starting the protests last year to bring attention to police brutality against minorities .
`` I believe they found it unsettling and challenging , '' Scott said .
This came as several athletes , activists and celebrities signed a letter of support for Bennett .
`` Michael Bennett has been sitting during the anthem precisely to raise these issues of racist injustice that are now an intimate part of their life . Now we stand with him , '' the letter said .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
It was signed by Kaepernick ; tennis legend Martina Navratilova ; academic Cornel West ; John Carlos , a US Olympic champion who famously raised their black-gloved fist during a 1968 medal ceremony ; and other athletes and activists .
This story was reported by The Associated Press .
Super Eagles Defender , Kenneth Omeruo has concluded plans to grow their brand by signing a management contract with leading talent agency , Temple Management Company ( TMC ) .
The footballer , who returns to Chelsea FC after a loan spell at Turkish club , Alanyaspor inked the deal in Lagos on Friday , June 16 at the Victoria Island , Lagos corporate office of the organization .
The signing was witnessed by their younger brother and a friend in the presence of senior management team of the company led by Mr. Idris Olorunnimbe , Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) .
At the moment , TMC manages the affairs of some of Nigeria 's best sporting talent including Super Falcons footballer , Ebi Onome , 100 meters Champion , Seye Ogunlewe , teenage Golf Sensation , Georgia Oboh and Tennis sensation , Marylove Edwards . The company also represents in other categories such as entertainment , arts and media . Some of its popular talents include Iyanya , 9ice and Mavins Records among others .
Speaking after the signing , Omeruo explained : “ I am impressed with what I have heard about Temple Management Company from a distance . Let me be frank , I have never had any brand management team that is working with me in Nigeria before now .
“ I look forward to growing my brand with TMC . It has been really difficult for brands willing to work with me to reach me and with TMC , I know all that is now a thing of the past .
“ Out there in Europe , I have encountered a lot of talent management companies but this is the very first time I am seeing it in Nigeria .
On their next move , the talented footballer added : “ I am going back to Chelsea for the pre-season tour to fight for a chance at the first team . A report that said I am quitting Chelsea is not true . ”
Assuring Omeruo of the best representation in Nigeria , Mr. Koye Sowemimo , TMC , Head Of Sports Department reiterated the professional values of the company . They explained , “ Kenneth is a player we have been tracking for a while now . They represent all the values we seek in our clients : marketability , dedication , professionalism and of course , innate talent . They are a fantastic addition to our roster . ”
Donald Trump dismisses claims aides had pre-election contact with Russian intelligence as 'nonsense '
Donald Trump dismisses claims aides had pre-election contact with Russian intelligence as 'nonsense '
Democrats have called for an independent probe into Mr Trump and their team
Donald Trump has dismissed claims their campaign team had repeated contact with Russian intelligence officials before the US election as `` nonsense '' .
US intelligence agencies intercepted communications between Trump aides and Moscow around the same time they discovered evidence Russia had hacked into the Democratic National Committee , according to the New York Times .
Citing four US officials , the newspaper said intelligence agencies were investigating `` whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election '' .
Image : The President claims media outlets targeted them with 'blind hatred '
: : The ties that bind Team Trump with Moscow
Mr Trump has described the allegations as `` nonsense '' and claimed they are `` merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton 's losing campaign '' .
They tweeted : `` The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred . ''
The president went on to claim : `` Information is being illegally given to the failing @ nytimes & @ washingtonpost by the intelligence community ( NSA and FBI ? ) . Just like Russia .
Image : Former Trump campaign chief Paul Manafort was named in the reports
: : Sky Views : Mad White House holds opportunity for Britain
`` The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by 'intelligence ' like candy . Very un-American ! ''
Mr Trump 's ex-campaign chief Paul Manafort was named as one of the aides who reportedly had contact with Moscow officials .
Mr Manafort , who is also a former political consultant in Russia and Ukraine , dismissed the claims as `` absurd '' .
`` I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers , and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today , '' they told the New York Times .
Spicer on Flynn resignation : ' A matter of trust '
: : Problems keep piling up for Donald Trump 's administration
`` It 's not like these people wear badges that say ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer ' . ''
The Kremlin responded to the allegations by saying they are `` not based on any facts '' .
The reports come amid calls for an independent investigation over allegations Mr Trump 's national security adviser Michael Flynn discussed sanctions with Russia 's ambassador to the US before they were appointed by the president .
General Flynn resigned on Monday , less than a month into the job , as they admitted they gave vice-president Mike Pence `` incomplete information '' about their phone call with Sergey Kislyak on 29 December .
Calls for investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn and their links to Russia
US Senate Democratic leader Charles Schumer has called for law enforcement officials to question Mr Trump and their staff over `` potential criminal action '' .
They said : `` There are potential violations of law here by General Flynn and potentially others .
`` Any attempt to lie or mislead must be countered by the full force of the law .
`` ( The ) resignation raises more questions than it answers . And the American people deserve to know the truth . ''
Image : Sergey Kislyak is reported to have spoken to General Flynn about sanctions
On Tuesday , White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said the president had been `` very concerned '' General Flynn misled Mr Pence and others .
Mr Spicer said the retired army lieutenant forgot `` crucial details '' about the call and had also been at fault in a `` series of other questionable instances '' .
The Associated Press
TORONTO -- `` The Walking Dead '' has been zombie-shuffling towards an epic showdown for weeks .
And when it finally comes , it 'll feature a major shocker for fans , promises departing showrunner Glen Mazzara .
The TV scribe says they approached the current season `` as a historical novel '' building towards `` the first major battle between surviving groups in the aftermath of this zombie apocalypse . ''
`` Everyone 's in play now , everyone 's on stage , everybody has a stake in it and I think it 'll be a very interesting , surprising ending for the fans , '' Mazzara says in a recent phone interview from Los Angeles .
`` I know it wo n't be what people will expect but I think hopefully it 'll be emotionally satisfying . ''
The Season 3 finale to `` The Walking Dead '' is just two episodes away and is expected to feature a long-awaited face-off between former cop-turned-survivalist Rick Grimes and their gang 's villainous rival , the Governor .
The ending also caps Mazzara 's brief run as showrunner for the popular AMC drama , based on the comic book series by Robert Kirkman .
Mazzara took the reins in Season 2 after previous showrunner Frank Darabont left the show amid strained relations with AMC .
A clash with the network seemed to similarly fuel Mazzara 's exit , with the seasoned scriptwriter admitting to `` creative differences . ''
`` And it was an accumulation of differences -- it was n't one specific storyline or character 's fate or anything like that , '' Mazzara says of their departure .
`` I think we 're all proud of the tremendous success of 'The Walking Dead ' but after awhile we were at a bit of a stalemate . We thought it was best to split amicably . And I 've done this before on shows where I realize if I 'm not the creator of the show -- and it 's AMC 's show -- then it 's only fair that we split and they have the opportunity to make the show that they want to make . ''
Although he 's open to collaboration , Mazzara notes he 's fiercely protective of their vision when helming a TV project .
`` When you hire me or buy a project from me you know that I 'm going to have a strong point of view , '' says Mazzara , whose past projects include `` The Shield , '' `` Crash '' and `` Criminal Minds : Suspect Behaviour . ''
`` When I look at groundbreaking TV shows of the past 10 years -- like 'The Sopranos , ' 'The Wire , ' 'The Shield , ' 'Lost , ' 'Battlestar Galactica , ' today 'Justified , ' 'Sons of Anarchy , ' 'Game of Thrones , ' 'Walking Dead ' -- all of those shows have benefited from having a strong point of view and a strong showrunner . None of those shows have been written by committee and I think that 's important .
`` I think you need to have the definitive point of view , you need an artist behind the vision saying : This is the story that I want to tell . I think once you start having people in the boardroom trying to tailor something for different age groups and different target groups you 're probably just going to end up with something that 's not as special . ''
Mazzara , slated to head north of the border for the Toronto Screenwriting Conference on April 6 and 7 , has since signed a development deal with Fox Television Studios to create their own projects for premium cable television .
They say he 's looking forward to developing their own original work .
`` ( In ) my last few shows , I 've come in to previously established material and I 'm really interested in breaking out on my own and finally telling the stories that I want to tell . ''
`` The Walking Dead '' airs Sundays on AMC .
Share This Article :
Backers of an initiative its authors have dubbed as “ The College for All Act of 2018 ” have received authorization to begin gathering signatures , Secretary of State Alex Padilla announced late Friday .
Support Times of San Diego 's growth
with a small monthly contribution Become a supporter
The initiative would provide funding to cover tuition and increase funding for living expenses for all in-state undergraduate students at University of California and California State University campuses and community colleges .
The financial aid would be financed by a dedicated tax — ranging from 12 percent to 22 percent depending on value — on estate property in California valued at $ 3.5 million or more and transferred upon death . Backers say only the wealthiest 0.2 percent of California households would be subject to the tax that would raise over $ 3 billion a year .
The initiative requires that revenue would supplement , and not replace , existing financial aid programs for college students .
The campaign behind the initiative said the measure has been endorsed by the California Federation of Teachers , however , a spokesperson for the CFT said the federation has not taken a position on the matter .
Valid signatures from 585,407 registered voters — 8 percent of the total votes cast for governor in the 2014 general election — must be submitted by June 13 to qualify the measure for the November ballot , according to Padilla .
— City News Service
Ballot Initiative Promises Tuition for All at State Colleges in California was last modified : by
> > Subscribe to Times of San Diego 's free daily email newsletter ! Click here
Follow Us :
Prime ministers of both countries engage in ‘ very encouraging ' talk , but EU migrants ' right to remain in UK remains unclear
Australia has called for a free-trade deal with Britain as soon as possible , in a boost for the newly appointed prime minister , Theresa May .
In a phone call on Saturday , May spoke to their Australian counterpart , Malcolm Turnbull , who expressed their desire to open up trading between the two countries as a matter of urgency .
There was , however , unsettling news for EU migrants who have recently arrived in the UK as the country 's new Brexit minister cast new doubt over their right to remain .
May described the call with Turnbull as very encouraging and insisted it showed leaving the European Union could work for Britain . They have asked the new international trade secretary , Liam Fox , to begin exploring options but acknowledged that Britain could not sign any deals while it was still an EU member .
May said : “ I have been very clear that this government will make a success of our exit from the European Union . One of the ways we will do this is by embracing the opportunities to strike free trade deals with our partners across the globe . It is very encouraging that one of our closest international partners is already seeking to establish just such a deal .
“ This shows that we can make Brexit work for Britain , and the new secretary of state for international trade will be taking this forward in the weeks and months ahead . Britain is an outward-looking and globally minded country , and we will build on this as we forge a new role for ourselves in the world . ”
Turnbull said : “ We did discuss a free-trade agreement ... Clearly our free-trade arrangements with the United Kingdom are with the European community .
“ I have had a constructive discussion with the prime minister about that and we look forward to discussions between my trade minister and their counterpart , Liam Fox .
“ We need to get moving on that quickly ... Australia has been a great beneficiary of free trade and open markets and so has the United Kingdom . ”
On Friday , May said told the Scottish first minister , Nicola Sturgeon , that they would not trigger article 50 to leave the EU before getting UK-wide agreement – a potentially difficult objective given that Scotland voted overwhelmingly to remain in the bloc .
But Fox claimed numerous non-EU countries had already asked Britain for a trade deal and said they were “ scoping about a dozen free trade deals outside the EU to be ready for when we leave ” , amid reports that they were preparing to fly to the US next week
They told the Sunday Times : “ We 've already had a number of countries saying , ‘ We 'd love to do a trade deal with the world 's fifth biggest economy without having to deal with the other 27 members of the EU ' . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull wants talks to commence soon . Photograph : Rick Rycroft/AP
David Davis , the minister for Brexit , has said EU citizens may be blocked from staying in Britain permanently even if they arrive before the country leaves the union . They said the government may have to take a tough line with EU immigrants who come to the UK before Brexit happens , and therefore get the automatic right to stay permanently under free movement rules .
May has said immigration could rise in the short term if EU citizens felt they needed to get to Britain before it left and could impose controls on European immigration . Asked about a potential spike in immigration numbers , Davis told the Mail on Sunday : “ We may have to deal with that . There are a variety of possibilities . We may have to say that the right to indefinite leave to remain protection only applies before a certain date . But you have to make those judgments on reality , not speculation . ”
They stopped short of guaranteeing the status of EU nationals already in the country , a position for which May has received fierce criticism from across the political spectrum . They said : “ We will get a generous settlement for EU migrants here now and a generous settlement for British citizens in the EU . ”
They reasserted their belief that the EU would grant Britain access to the single market as well as a suspension of free movement rules , something which European leaders have so far ruled out . “ Everybody is taking starting positions , ” they said . “ Of course they are talking tough . If I was negotiating to buy your house or your car my first offer would n't be my final one , would it ? ”
They are part of a triumvirate of Brexit-backing new cabinet ministers , alongside Fox and Boris Johnson , the foreign secretary .
Davis admitted that “ even within government there 'll be tensions ” over Brexit , but said : “ If you 'd said six months ago I would be sitting here doing this with Theresa as prime minister , I would have said you must be on something . It still feels dream-like . ”
Johnson , who will travel to Brussels for an EU foreign ministers summit beginning on Monday , insisted the country could now become “ Global Britain ” .
They wrote in the Sunday Express that leaving the EU “ gives us a chance not just to do new trade deals , but to think of ourselves once again as a truly Global Britain using our unique voice – humane , compassionate , principled – to do good around the world , and to exploit growth markets to the full . ”
Press Association contributed to this report
1 . John Francis Daley ( Sam Weir ) was the only cast member playing a character their or them age .
Daley was 14 in real life and on TV . Linda Cardellini , then 24 , played their 16-year-old sister Lindsay . Samm Levine ( Neal Schweiber ) , Martin Starr ( Bill Haverchuck ) , and Seth Rogen ( Ken Miller ) were all 17 . Jason Segel ( Nick Andopolis ) was 19 . Busy Phillips ( Kim Kelly ) and James Franco ( Daniel Desario ) were 20 and 21 , respectively .
2 . The camera crew was under strict orders to make scenes look drab .
Freaks and Geeks takes place in fictional Chippewa , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit . The crew used green and gray-tinted lights to achieve so-called Midwestern colors on the show 's set in California . They also avoided shooting outdoors whenever possible .
3 . Most of the show 's budget was spent on music
The show 's 18 episodes featured snippets of more than 120 songs , including Joan Jett 's `` Bad Reputation '' in the opening credits . It set the tone for the show , but it was n't cheap . Clearing songs by Van Halen , KISS , and The Who—just to name a few—required a lot of paperwork and ate up much of the show 's budget . It also later delayed the DVD release . Fox removed most of the music when it picked up Freaks and Geeks re-runs to avoid paying extra fees .
One song that got away : Neil Young 's `` Only Love Can Break Your Heart . '' When producers could n't get the licensing rights for episode 15 , they replaced it with Dean Martin 's `` You 're Nobody 'Til Somebody Loves You . ''
4 . Executive producer Judd Apatow might not have worked on Freaks and Geeks at all .
Getty Images
They took the job after Fox did n't pick up their pilot Sick in the Head , a sitcom about a rookie psychiatrist 's first days working the psych ward . David Krumholtz was cast as the lead , and a pre-SNL Amy Poehler played one of their suicidal patients .
5 . Creator Paul Feig started their career as an actor .
They and Apatow met on the L.A. comedy circuit in the mid-1980s and worked together on the set of the 1995 film comedy Heavy Weights , which Apatow wrote with Steven Brill . TGIF fans might remember Feig as Eugene Pool , Sabrina 's biology teacher on the first season of ABC-TV 's Sabrina , the Teenage Witch .
6 . Feig 's inspiration for the show was their own life—and a 14-part West German TV miniseries called Berlin Alexanderplatz .
The 1980 miniseries is also about an outcast—a man trying to make a new life for themselves after accidentally killing their lover and serving four years in prison . It 's based on the 1929 novel by Alfred Döblin .
7 . Judd Apatow hired 24-year-old Jake Kasdan to direct the pilot without ever seeing their work .
Getty Images
Kasdan had written and directed just one movie , the detective flick Zero Effect . Apatow was aware of their work because the two men shared an agent . They hired Kasdan on the agent 's advice and watched the movie the next day . Fortunately , things worked out .
Kasdan has since found steady work as an executive producer on New Girl and directing films like Orange County and Bad Teacher .
8 . Everything on the show actually happened to Feig or one of the show 's writers .
To jump-start the writing process , Feig had writers fill out questionnaires about their own experiences in high school . Questions included : `` What was the best thing that happened to you in high school ? What 's the most humiliating thing that happened to you in high school ? What 's the first sexual thing you ever did ? ” The answers were used to create the show .
9 . Well , except for episode 17 , `` The Little Things . '' That was inspired by The Howard Stern Show .
Spoiler alert ! Neither Feig nor any of the writers had ever dated someone with ambiguous genitalia like Ken ( Seth Rogen ) did in episode 17 . Instead , Judd Apatow got the idea while listening to Howard Stern . At this point , everyone was pretty sure Freaks and Geeks would n't be renewed . Apatow later told Vanity Fair , `` In a way , it was a ' F * * * * you ' to NBC , like 'Now we 're going to get really ambitious and aggressive with storylines that you would never approve if the show had a chance of surviving . ' ''
10 . Timing—in this case , bad timing—was everything .
Freaks and Geeks premiered on September 25 , 1999 in one of NBC 's deadliest time slots—Saturdays at 8 p.m. To make things worse , it was n't aired continuously . The show was taken off air during the World Series in October , and later put in a new time slot against ABC 's then-red-hot Who Want to Be a Millionaire . Reviews were great , but Freaks and Geeks could n't keep an audience .
The producers created a website for the show , hoping that it would keep fans engaged and aware of upcoming episodes . The bigwigs at NBC refused to share the URL on ads , because they did n't want to promote Internet use over watching TV .
11 . The show 's finale was written and filmed in the middle of the season .
NBC originally ordered 13 episodes of Freaks and Geeks . With the threat of cancellation looming , Feig wrote and directed the finale , `` Discos and Dragons , '' so that the show could end on a strong note . Then NBC ordered five more episodes , so that pushed the finale forward a few weeks . Three of these episodes never aired until Fox syndicated the show .
12 . Freaks and Geeks was a critical darling , but won only one Emmy , for Outstanding Casting in a Comedy Series .
Casting is one of the Creative Arts Emmy categories awarded in a ceremony held separately from all the acting awards . Paul Feig was also nominated for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series ( both in 2000 for the series pilot and in 2001 for the finale ) , but they came up short both times .
13 . Speaking of casting , here are a few ways the show could have been very different .
Getty Images
Jesse Eisenberg ( later of The Social Network ) was nearly cast as Sam Weir . Busy Phillips ( Kim Kelly ) originally auditioned for the role of Lindsay Weir . A few other almosts : Lizzy Caplan of Masters of Sex auditioned for the roles of Kim Kelly and Lindsay ; Lauren Ambrose of Six Feet Under also auditioned for Lindsay ; and Shia LaBeouf tried out for the part of Neal Schweiber .
NBC pressured the show 's producers to stunt-cast celebrities in small roles to attract viewers . Britney Spears was one suggestion . They refused .
14 . Samm Levine 's ( Neal Schweiber ) William Shatner impersonation helped them get the part .
But not because it was good . Judd Apatow thought it was hilariously bad—exactly like something a geek would do .
15 . The cast was encouraged to pursue their own writing .
During some downtime on-set , Feig and Apatow showed James Franco how they brainstormed and wrote scenes . Jason Segel and Seth Rogen improvised new jokes when they rehearsed on weekends . Instead of taking GED correspondence courses while filming , Rogen started writing their first screenplay , Superbad .
16 . The cast and crew stuck with the theme for the series wrap party .
Instead of your typical Hollywood soiree , the party 's theme was a high school prom in 1980 . Everyone wore late '70s formal wear , except for Busy Phillips , who wore the dress they wore to their real junior prom . Paul Feig even had special class rings made for themselves and Judd Apatow .
17 . Paul Feig brainstormed some of the story lines for season two .
What might we have seen if Freaks and Geeks had n't been cancelled ? Feig imagined something bad happening to Lindsay while they were following The Grateful Dead , ultimately destroying their parents ' trust . Sam was going to find their voice as a drama geek , while Neal joined the school chorus . ( Who 's geekier now ? ) Bill would become a late-blooming jock under the care of Coach Fredricks , who might have become their stepfather .
The freaks had more serious plot twists ahead . Daniel would end up in jail , Nick would probably join the Army after graduation , and Ken 's fate was never quite clear .
There 's still some hope that Freaks and Geeks might come back someday , albeit with a new cast . Feig has said he 'd love to see a musical adaptation .
18 . Feig later wrote two memoirs .
The book Kick Me : Adventures in Adolescence , published in 2002 , revisits the teen angst that made Freaks and Geeks so funny and relatable . Three years later , Feig recalled their painfully chaste early adulthood in Superstud : Or How I Became a 24-Year-Old Virgin .
19 . After Freaks and Geeks , Feig and Apatow went their separate ways in the world of TV .
Apatow became the executive producer and creator of the Fox sitcom Undeclared , which was also cancelled after one season . They hired Seth Rogen as a staff writer and put other Freaks and Geeks cast members in recurring roles . In 2001 , Apatow wrote another pilot about struggling actors for Fox , called North Hollywood . Seth Rogen , Jason Segel , and Kevin Hart all had roles . In a case of life imitating art , the show was n't picked up . Soon after , they became a Hollywood heavyweight with box-office hits like The 40-Year-Old Virgin and Knocked Up .
Feig directed one episode of Undeclared . After that , they worked as the co-executive producer of The Office and Nurse Jackie and directed multiple episodes of Arrested Development and Weeds .
20 . Feig and Apatow did n't team up again until Bridesmaids in 2011 .
It became the highest grossing R-rated female comedy ever , not to mention the highest grossing film of Apatow 's very successful career . Now the two are said to be working on another romantic comedy to be written and directed by Feig .
SUPERCOMPUTERS have always been the cream of the crop , the technology achievement showcase for the vendors and , for some like nearly-defunct Cray and finally-defunct SGI , their bread and butter for decades . That likely wo n't change , long term , but the global supercomputing market may slow down considerably , at least for a while .
With high performance computing ( HPC ) CPUs having become commoditised , as PC clusters have mostly supplanted esoteric vector and RISC processor designs , it has become harder than ever for the HPC vendors to make decent margins on these number crunching monsters .
Then there 's the current financial crisis created by the greedy banksters . As if it were n't hard enough for vendors to compete with each other in academic HPC deals before , with the users squeezing the last drop of blood from them , now HPC users ' budgets have really been cut across the board and across the world .
Let 's look at an example . Last November there was a mid-sized 1,000-core cluster deal here in Singapore . It was supposed to be Nehalem EP but , due to changed schedule constraints , it became a Shanghai Opteron set up . Two vendors competed in the finals , IBM and HP , both making bids at steep discounts yielding what were rumoured to be somewhere around -20 per cent margins ( yes , minus 20 per cent , but then vendors ' costs are often inflated anyway ) .
At the end , HP won the deal with a minor price difference , barely enough for a Michelin three-star restaurant dinner with your honey and a pair of Manolo Blahniks for them thrown in . The customer must have been even happier than that imaginary 'demanding darling ' , as it ended up with 32 large eight-way , 32-core 128GB ProLiant DL785 SMP Opteron systems in a tightly coupled Infiniband interconnect setup with all the extra bells and whistles plus support for only about $ 800 grand .
Now , that 's not much to pay for a system with approximately 10 Teraflops peak performance . The Singapore government should thank and generously reward the institute 's humble yet very knowledgeable civil servant in charge who wrote the tender and squeezed the vendors . Do your sums based on last year 's Opteron system pricing and you 'll see what I mean . Unless the vendor treats this as an advertising effort - which IBM 's Blue Gene was , in a way - there wo n't be much bonus money for the corporate sales droids out of this deal . And , yes , it 's much more brain-stretching work for them compared with the usual run of corporate sales . `` You want Fortran ? What 's Fortran ? ''
So , as you might understand , High Performance Computing has lately become less attractive for profit oriented IT vendors : way high system demands in every aspect for barely-there profits , tough user acceptance tests with high risks , and little customer loyalty , as they always want the latest , fastest kit available . In the HPC market , every sale is a fresh date like in that movie about many first dates with an amnesiac girl , there 's vicious competition as though each deal is like a billion dollar outsourcing contract , and every sale is a mental challenge for the account sales force .
No wonder that , after SGI 's death and dismemberment - sorry , 'Rackable ' will never sound as sexy as 'Silicon Graphics ' - and the near-death of Cray , as well as the financial crisis forcing further customer budget cuts leading to more price arm-twisting , some large brands are said to be re-evaluating their options relative to the value of their general HPC market presence . My intuition - I do n't dare call it even a rumour yet - is that IBM could be among the first of the big vendors to , let 's say , 'de-emphasise ' its HPC market activity .
Not that IBM is about to throw in the towel completely , but soon you might see Big Blue keeping HPC to more of an advertising-like effort of human-versus-computer competitions and such promotions , along with a narrow scope for government-related deals where it has a firm footing for whatever reason . After all , IBM 's upcoming Power7 ubermachines will still sell to financial institutions trying to calculate how the hell , if ever , to make back those trillions of dollars the investment bankers gambled away , and those will be more attractive sales efforts for it than wasting time on loss-making showcase university deals .
Exceptions ? Of course there will be some . The major exception , the defence and intelligence market , is still alive and well of course . After all , every major financial crisis in recent centuries was soon followed by a massive war , so this one might not be different . The armies , navies and air forces - plus the foreign espionage and internal surveillance establishments - of the US , China , Russia , India , Japan and that hodge-podge called the EU will therefore acquire more and more HPC systems , and will probably do so at decent margins for the bidding vendors due to the incestuous relationships within the global military industrial complex .
Another exception might be 'visualisation clusters ' , my favourite flavour . Not only the system nodes , which are essentially souped-up workstations , have to be the very top of the line , but also everything else - from memory size , interconnects , storage , GPUs used for parallel OpenGL visualisation , to the contrast , colour , sharpness and edge blending on the 3-D projector-based CAVEs or walls - has to be tuned to the hilt , for the right price of course . Not many vendors do it well yet , and yeah , if you know your stuff , you can make money . Over a year ago , HP was said to have made a bigger profit on a 200-node visualisation cluster at Korea 's KISTI institute than Sun realised on a five times larger main compute cluster in the same facility during the same timeframe . µ
1st 2nd 3rd F Wisconsin 0 0 0 0 Minnesota 0 0 2 2 2
0
Scoring Summary First Period No Scoring Second Period No scoring Third Period Team Time Scorer Assist MINN 5:42 Terry Ramsey , Cameranesi MINN 13:30 Terry Gillanders , Cameranesi Goalies GA SVS Leveille ( MINN ) 0 27 Rigsby ( WIS ) 2 31 Team Statistics MINN WIS Shots on Goal 33 27 Power Play 0-4 0-2 Penalties 2-4 4-8 Gopher Hockey Online • Hockey Home | Hockey Blog |
• Twitter : @ MNWomensHockey
• Gophers on Facebook
Oct. 12 , 2013
Final Stats
MINNEAPOLIS – The No . 1 Minnesota women 's hockey team recorded a 2-0 win to earn a series sweep over No . 4/5 Wisconsin at Ridder Arena Saturday evening .
Senior Kelly Terry ( Whitby , Ont . ) scored two third-period goals to lead the Gophers . Minnesota ( 4-0-0 , 2-0-0-0 WCHA ) outshot the Badgers , 33-27 , in the game , and sophomore Amanda Leveille ( Kingston , Ont . ) made 27 saves in their first shutout of the season .
Wisconsin ( 2-2-0 , 2-2-0-0 WCHA ) outshot the Gophers 22-19 through the first two periods , but Minnesota 's offense once again found a spark in the third period .
`` Three times in the last four games , we 've gone into the third period tied and we 've been able to come out of it each time , '' head coach Brad Frost said . `` It was great to see our kids push forward and not only get that one goal but kind of close it down by getting that second goal as well and giving us a little breathing room . But , overall , I 'm proud of the team . This was a great weekend . ''
Terry broke the scoreless tie with 14:18 remaining when they scored their first goal of the season off a feed from first-year student Dani Cameranesi ( Plymouth , Minn. ) and junior Rachel Ramsey ( Chanhassen , Minn. ) . Terry lit the lamp again less than eight minutes later , sealing the Gopher victory at the 13:30 mark of the third period . Senior Baylee Gillanders ( Kyle , Sask . ) and Cameranesi picked up the assists on the play .
The win extended Minnesota 's NCAA-record winning streak to 53 games .
Both teams were scoreless on the power play after all three goals came on special teams play in last night 's 2-1 Gopher win . Minnesota was 0-for-4 with the man advantage while holding Wisconsin scoreless on two power-play opportunities .
Wisconsin ( 2-2-0 , 2-2-0-0 WCHA ) received 31 saves from senior goaltender Alex Rigsby .
The Gophers are on the road for seven of their next eight games , beginning with a series at No . 9 Minnesota Duluth next weekend . Puck drop is set for 6:07 p.m. both Friday and Saturday nights at AMSOIL Arena in Duluth .
# # #
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Cyprus should not take over the rotating presidency of the European Union next month because it has sought emergency funding , the head of a business group linked to German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservatives said on Tuesday .
Cyprus , which is due to take over the six-month presidency from Denmark on July 1 , has a banking sector heavily exposed to debt-crippled Greece and said on Monday it was formally applying for help from the EU 's rescue funds .
“ This is the paradox of the European Union , that the dog should be put in charge of the supply of sausages ! ” said Kurt Lauk , president of the economic advisory board linked to Merkel 's centre-right Christian Democrats .
Lauk called for all countries which have received bailouts - which also include Spain , Portugal , Ireland and Greece - to be barred from holding the EU presidency , which helps to set the agenda of the 27-nation bloc .
“ It is unacceptable that a country which has had to seek a bailout can take over the presidency of the EU Council , ” they said , adding that they doubted whether Cyprus , the euro zone 's third smallest economy , had the authority to give direction on stabilising Europe .
“ How can Cyprus engage in crisis management when it is in the middle of a crisis itself ? ” Lauk asked .
“ We will never be able to heal Europe if the president is lying in intensive care with a highly contagious disease . ”
Germany 's foreign office distanced itself from Lauk 's comments .
“ During its six-month presidency , Cyprus will have the duty to undertake tasks in the interest of the European Union and its member states , just like other countries which have held the post of president of the EU Council , ” it said .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Conservative activists picked Senator Rand Paul on Saturday as their preferred presidential nominee for 2016 , in an early but often unreliable snapshot of the Republican Party 's base .
Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky gestures at the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) at National Harbor , Maryland March 14 , 2013 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
The Kentucky lawmaker , whose father , former U.S. Representative Ron Paul , ran for president three times , topped the annual straw poll taken at the Conservative Political Action Conference .
Paul captured 25 percent of the vote , narrowly beating out Florida Senator Marco Rubio , who earned 23 percent .
Rick Santorum , a presidential candidate in 2012 , finished third and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie , who was snubbed by conference organizers , came in fourth .
Participants in the three-day gathering are often younger-than-average Republican voters and their preference for Paul reflected the libertarian bent of that voting bloc . More than half of the 2,930 people who cast ballots were between the ages of 18 and 25 .
Many attendees sported “ Stand with Rand ” stickers , intended to show appreciation for the senator 's recent 13-hour speech on the floor of the Senate objecting to President Barack Obama 's policies regarding the use of military drones .
There were 23 names on this year 's ballot , including two Republican governors who were not invited to attend the gathering - Christie and Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell .
Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush , the son of a president and brother to another , asked that their name be removed from consideration , citing the distance until the 2016 campaign will begin in earnest . They spoke at the conference on Friday .
Results of presidential election-year straw polls have proven more accurate indicators of the eventual Republican nominee than polls taken years in advance .
Straw poll winners who were never within striking distance of the nomination include Ron Paul , evangelical leader Gary Bauer and publishing scion Steve Forbes .
Most lawmakers , including Rubio , who addressed the crowd this week , encouraged activists to return to the conservative principles of the Republican Party .
But Paul struck a different tone in a speech on Thursday .
“ The GOP of old has grown stale and moss-covered . I do n't think we need to name any names , do we ? Our party is encumbered by an inconsistent approach to freedom . The new GOP will need to embrace liberty in the economic and the personal sphere , ” Paul said .
The senator 's views on foreign policy and civil liberties have earned rebukes from Republican Party fixtures like Arizona Senator John McCain , the 2008 Republican presidential nominee , who recently called Paul a “ wacko bird . ”
The Federal Communications Commission , America 's telcoms regulator , has formulated a plan to allow internet service providers ( ISPs ) to charge companies for the right to `` premium '' access to its customers . This is the worst internet policy news imaginable . It should strike terror into the heart of anyone who cares about fairness , politics , the widening gap between the rich and the poor , fair trade , entrepreneurship , or innovation . The FCC now stands as the world 's foremost symbol for `` regulatory capture , '' and its chairperson – a former cable executive lobbyist – is the poster child for an unhealthy relationship between industry and its regulators .
What 's at stake is `` network neutrality , '' which is the simple principle that your ISP should give you the bits you ask for , as quickly as it can , and not deliberately slow down the data you 're looking for .
( There are valid arguments to be made about network management techniques that try to slow down some customers ' connections in order to ensure that other customers get their fair share of the internet , but anyone who brings up those arguments in this context is just trying to sow confusion by changing the subject . Whatever network management is , it 's not an ISP discriminatorily slowing down Netflix streams and delivering its own , competing streams with less jitter and delay because Netflix has n't paid protection money this month . )
The ISPs say they only want to get paid for the use of their service , but the problem is , they 're already getting paid . You pay your internet bill every month . Netflix , Google , Yahoo , the Guardian and Boing Boing all pay their internet bills every month . The ISPs are n't seeking to get paid , they 're seeking to get paid twice : once by you , and a second time because you are now their hostage and the companies you want to do business with have to get through them to get to you .
There 's a useful analogy to the phone company that I 've written about here before : you pay for your phone service every month . The pizza place on the corner also pays for its phone service every month . When you want to order a pizza from Joe 's Corner Pizzeria , you call their number . If their phone is n't engaged , it rings and you get to place your order . If they get more orders than they can handle on one line , they buy a second line , a third , even 10 lines to take their orders . Provided one of those lines is free , your call goes through to someone when you ring .
But what if your phone company decided that the way to bring in higher profits was to go around to all the pizza places and shake them down for `` premium '' access to `` their '' customers ? If Joe 's Corner Pizzeria turned them down , your call to Joe 's might get a busy signal , even if there were plenty of free lines at Joe 's place . Meanwhile , an order to the monied , tasteless sultan of global cardboard pizza-ite , that is , the company who has plenty of money for `` premium '' access – is easy to reach , because your phone company has promised them that every call will be put through .
The thing is , Joe 's is paying for its lines . You 're paying for your line . The phone company exists solely to connect people to the numbers they dial . But because there are `` natural monopolies '' in phone service ( because there are only so many mobile frequencies and underground cable space ) , they can abuse their position to extort additional payments from the services you want to talk to . And the more popular a service is , the better it is , the more the ISP stands to profit from this racket .
Historically , the FCC has stopped just short of comprehensively prohibiting this practice , which would have involved classing ISPs with the more strictly regulated telecoms businesses . Instead , the FCC tried to keep telcoms lobbyists happy by classing ISPs with less-regulated businesses , but insisting that the FCC could still order net neutrality rules . By January 2014 , this pretense collapsed when a DC circuit court ruled that the FCC could n't enforce net neutrality on ISPs while keeping them in the less-regulated category .
The FCC promised a fix , and here it is : FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler , an Obama appointee and former cable lobbyist , has drawn up rules to allow ISPs to decide which communications you can see in a timely , best-effort fashion and which services will be also-ran laggards . In so doing , Chairman Wheeler sets the stage for a further magnification of the distorting influence of money and incumbency on our wider society . Political candidates whose message is popular , but who lack the budget to bribe every ISP to deliver it in a timely fashion , will be less equipped to reach voters than their better-financed rivals . A recent study looked at 20 years ' worth of US policy outcomes and found that they exclusively responded to the needs of the richest 10 % of Americans . Now the FCC is proposing to cook the process further , so that the ability of the ignored 90 % to talk to one another , network and organise and support organisations that support their interests will be contingent on their ability to out-compete the already advantaged elite interests in the race to bribe carriers for `` premium '' coverage .
If you think of a business idea that 's better than any that have come before – if you 're ready to do to Google what Google did to Altavista ; if you 're ready to do to the iPod what the iPod did to the Walkman ; if you 're ready to do to Netflix what Netflix did to cable TV – you have to start out with a bribery warchest that beats out the firms that clawed their way to the top back when there was a fairer playing-field .
The FCC and its apologists will shrug and say that the ISPs are businesses and they own their lines and can do what they want with them . They 'll say that we ca n't expect the carriers to invest in next-generation networks if they ca n't maximise their profits from them .
But this is nonsense . The big US carriers are already deriving bumper profits from their ISP business , while their shareholder disclosures show that they 're making only the most cursory investment in new network infrastructure ( Americans have been waiting for fast `` fiber-to-the-kerb '' connectivity for decades , mostly what they 're getting is `` fiber-to-the-press-release '' puff pieces from ISPs who gull uncritical reporters into repeating their empty promises of fast networks , just around the corner ) .
And the networks are not the carriers ' alone . The carriers may pay to dig the trenches and drop the conduit and copper , but they run their wires through our dirt . If carriers had to negotiate for every linear metre of roadway , pavement , and car-park in order to run their wires , the legal bills alone would bankrupt them , to say nothing of the actual fees landowners and cities would be able to extract from them . We 're talking trillions , here . The only viable way to build a telcoms network infrastructure is by securing a priceless public subsidy in the form of free access to rights-of-way .
The ISPs want to have it both ways . They want to shower themselves with trillions in public largesse , but treat the profits from that largesse as entirely their own business . They want to get public benefits , but they draw the line at benefiting the public in return .
Wheeler could say to the ISPs : `` If you want to run your networks as private enterprises , then you can build them privately . You 've got 60 days to get your copper out of our dirt , or we 'll pay you scrappage rates and turn it over to a company that will give people the bits they want , not the bits that pay you the most . ''
Instead , they stand ready to oversee the merger of Comcast and Time-Warner , ensuring that there is virtually no competition in the telcoms sector , while simultaneously handing these massive businesses a blank cheque in the form of permission to extract ransom from everyone you want to talk to on the internet .
Violent Left-Wing Antifa Thugs Gang Up on and Beat Trump Supporter in Seattle ( VIDEO )
Seattle , WA – Trump supporters marched against ( Islamic ) Sharia law across the country on Saturday . Far left Antifa thugs came out to counter-protest because of course they support violence against women and the loss of basic human rights .
A Trump supporter was glitter bombed , sprayed with silly string and ganged up on as several Antifa terrorists beat him . They did walk away , however ; their shirt was ripped and they were holding their head in pain .
Antifa should be designated as a terrorist organization . They do not lawfully assemble in protest . They always show up fully masked with weapons and violently attack men and women who simply share a different political opinion .
Why do police departments continue to allow masked protesters in public ? Every time police have banned masks , Antifa stays home . One simple way of reducing this violence is to unmask Antifa .
Video ( LANGUAGE WARNING ) :
ANTIFA JUST BEATDOWN A TRUMP SUPPORTER . HUGE WILD BRAWL . BATTLE IN SEATTLE ! ! ! ! pic.twitter.com/X4NHVlSeJe — Mike Bivins ( @ itsmikebivins ) June 10 , 2017
Photo of Trump supporter after the brawl :
Even if they did n't go down you know they were hurting after that beating . # marchagainstsharia # counterACThate pic.twitter.com/WAOwABJnqJ — Mike Bivins ( @ itsmikebivins ) June 11 , 2017
Video and photo credit : Mike Bivins
Elvis Presley was called many unique “ nicknames ” including but not limited to ; the hillbilly cat , the rockabilly cat , the atomic powered singer , Elvis the pelvis ( note : they hated this nickname and went on the record during a radio interview and expressed that sentiment ) , America 's new king of swing , the king of rock and roll ( note : it is believed that the nationally popular DJ Bill Randle , who at one time contemplated managing Elvis before Colonel Parker inked Elvis and since Elvis was not yet 21 the original management contract between Elvis and Colonel Parker required Elvis ' mother Gladys { who never trusted or liked Colonel Parker } and Elvis ' father Vernon ) , Elvis the king , etc .
Elvis , as is confirmed by various audio and video files , never considered themselves as anything near “ a king ” . In fact they responded to a fan at a concert holding up a “ Elvis the king ” sign , while screaming out “ Elvis you are the king ” , Elvis responded with “ honey , there is no king other than Jesus Christ ” .
Russia , and China , considered ( beginning in late 1955 and early 1956 ) Elvis Presley as a national propaganda machine designed to cultivate the youth around the world . In an instance during maneuvers in 1959 Elvis , while driving a Jeep for an officer , actually crossed into the Russian border by mistake and Elvis worried that if caught they would be captured and never released . Fortunately , Elvis was able to maneuver back into Germany without harm .
I do n't know why , or how , the Chinese came upon this name for Elvis but it would not be the first time a name/word converted from English to Chinese was oddly phrased .
Thank you for your question . Take care and may God bless you .
Jeff Schrembs
Home
www.ElvisCollectorWorldwide.freeforums.org
Lucie F. Roussel , longtime mayor of La Prairie , Que. , died Sunday afternoon after being stung 15 times by wasps while near their cottage in Stratford , in eastern Quebec .
Roussel unwittingly stepped on a wasps nest while out walking , and was stung multiple times on their legs . They were declared dead at the hospital in nearby Thetford Mines .
According to La Prairie spokesperson Chantal Charron , an EpiPen administered to Roussel by paramedics had no effect .
Charron said Roussel was not allergic to wasps and that they seem to have died from the number of stings and the resulting shock .
Allergist Jaime Del Carpio , however , said it 's likely Roussel was allergic but was simply not aware of it .
Roussel , 51 , was interim mayor of La Prairie between 2003 and 2005 before becoming mayor . They had recently won their third term as mayor .
They leaf behind their daughter Constance and son Antonin .
The City of La Prairie , on Montreal 's South Shore , has lowered its flags in mourning .
4 p.m .
The commander of an Alabama military post says two 911 calls about a potential active shooter prompted a lockdown at the installation but no shooter was ever found and no shots were fired .
Col. Tom Holliday , the garrison commander at Redstone Arsenal near Huntsville , said Tuesday afternoon that the 911 calls came from a building on the installation . They say the lockdown worked as planned and believes that the military post did not overreact .
They say there will be an investigation and officials are looking into the possibility of a hoax .
An active shooter drill planned for Wednesday will not be held .
-- -- --
12:45 p.m .
A lockdown has been lifted at an Alabama military installation , though officials say they are still investigating a possible active shooter incident there .
Christopher Colster , a spokesperson for Redstone Arsenal in Hunstville , said Tuesday that officials do not believe there is an ongoing threat . No injuries or arrests have been reported .
Colster says a training exercise was ongoing that was supposed to end Wednesday . Officials had said on Facebook that an active shooter training exercise was planned for this week . But Colster would not say whether the active shooter report was part of that exercise , adding : `` I really ca n't say at this point what happened . I 'm not sure myself . ''
-- -- --
11:30 a.m .
The governor 's office says Alabama Gov . Kay Ivey is being updated about a lockdown by an official at Redstone Arsenal , but the official could n't provide any details .
Ivey issued a statement Tuesday saying , `` My office is aware of the developing situation at Redstone Arsenal , and we are monitoring it closely . I am praying for a swift resolution to this matter . ''
The base was placed on lockdown amid reports of a possible active shooter . A base spokesperson says there are no confirmed reports of casualties .
-- -- --
11:25 a.m .
A north Alabama military post said in a tweet it was on lockdown Tuesday amid reports of possible active shooter , telling workers to `` run hide fight . ''
Redstone Arsenal received reports of a person possibly armed with a weapon at a building on the base , spokesperson Christopher Colster told WAFF-TV in a live broadcast .
Colster said there were no confirmed casualties , and officials hoped workers could return to normal activities within a couple of hours .
A safety drill was planned for Wednesday , but Colster said the report of a shooter was not part of any exercise .
More than 30,000 government employees , civilians and contractors work daily at Redstone , which adjoins the city of Huntsville and is home to Army missile defense programs and other military offices . NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center , which oversees rocket propulsion operations , also is located at Redstone .
-- -- --
11 a.m .
A military installation in Alabama says in a tweet it is on lockdown amid reports of a possible active shooter .
Redstone Arsenal near Huntsville tweeted Tuesday that it is on lockdown . The base said on its Facebook page Monday that it would be conducting an active shooter training exercise this week .
There 's no immediate word from base officials about whether the threat is of an actual shooter or merely part of a scheduled exercise .
For more on The Vampire Diaries , pick up the new issue of Entertainment Weekly , on stands now and available here now . Do n't forget to subscribe for exclusive interviews and photos , only in EW .
You know a script is impactful when it makes Paul Wesley cry .
The Vampire Diaries star , known for playing Stefan Salvatore on the CW show , is the first to admit that he 's not overly sentimental when it comes to the show . But sitting on a plane , Wesley read the series finale script for the first time and teared up . They then took a photo of said tear and sent it to show creators Julie Plec and Kevin Williamson ( a photo they say should never see the light of day ) . “ I wanted them to see that Paul Wesley could actually formulate tears in their personal life and not just on screen , ” Wesley tells EW before adding , “ I thought how it ended was powerful . ”
And when it came time to actually film the show 's final hour , the actor once again found themselves getting emotional . “ It 's this very interesting melancholy , ” Wesley says of the vibe on set during the finale . “ I did Stefan 's final scene with Elena . It was strangely emotional for me . You 're saying goodbye to this time and this moment . The two of us are never going to be playing these characters ever again , and these were really important characters in television for eight years . That 's emotional . ”
The Vampire Diaries airs Fridays at 8 p.m . ET on The CW .
IANS
It was a proud moment for Noorul Islam University on Friday as the Indian rocket PSLV lifted off successfully with the varsity made nano satellite NIUSAT along with ISRO 's Cartosat and 29 co-passenger foreign satellites .
Varsity Chancellor Majid Khan along with the students and teachers rejoiced at the lifting off of the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle . The nano satellite was built from scratch by the students of the NIU , located in Tamil Nadu , about 30 km from the Thiruvananthapuram railway station .
The NIUSAT weighs 15 kg and costs Rs 37 crore . It would provide multi-spectral imagery for agricultural crop monitoring and disaster management support applications . The 84-year-old Chancellor seated along with the students and staff of the University was seen clapping as they witnessed the launch on the big screen . It was a clean and successful launch .
`` It all began when a tsunami hit the Kerala and Tamil Nadu coasts near here in 2004 . It was sheer misery as there was no warning at all . Hundreds of lives were lost , '' Khan said . `` We started to think what we could do to come up with a solution . It was in 2007 , that our students and teachers began to work on this nano satellite . ''
`` We are all delighted that this has turned out to be a success , '' said Khan . Professor Krishna Swamy , involved with NIUSAT right from the beginning , said this was a `` huge and superb achievement '' for all at NIU . `` We are not going to stop with this , '' Swamy said . The NIUSAT would pass over the Tamil Nadu-Kerala coast once in 24 hours . It would be able to get information on the weather .
`` We want to get regular information . So our next project is a constellation of four-to-five satellites that would reduce the time interval on the weather updates through the day , '' they explained . A beaming student , who worked on the satellite , told the media that this was a great experience for all of them for even in the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) engineers might not be able to work on all aspects of a satellite .
`` So many students who studied before us and those currently studying all got a feel of working in the building of a satellite . '' The PSLV rocket standing 44.4 metre tall and weighing 320 ton lifted off at 9.29 a.m . The 31 satellites weighed 955 kg . The rocket 's main cargo is India 's 712 kg Cartosat-2 series satellite for earth observation .
This satellite is similar to the earlier Cartosat-2 series satellites . The co-passenger satellites comprise 29 nano satellites weighing 243 kg and are from 14 countries - Austria , Belgium , Britain , Chile , Czech Republic , Finland , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Latvia , Lithuania , Slovakia and the US .
The images sent by the Cartosat satellite would be useful for cartographic , urban , rural , coastal land use , utility management like road network monitoring , water distribution , the creation of land use maps , change detection to bring out geographical and human-made features and various other land information systems and geographical information system applications .
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp . For all the buzz on the latest tech and science , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
RAINZ held their debut showcase on October 12 and spoke about a variety of topics , including advice they 'd give to contestants of other idol survival programs and how they feel about promoting at the same time as some of their fellow “ Produce 101 Season 2 ” alumni .
The members were RAINZ were all contestants on Mnet 's “ Produce 101 Season 2 ” and Ryan Jhun , who participated in creating the theme song “ Pick Me ” for the show , is said to have had a hand in producing the group 's debut mini album .
Not only this , but RAINZ will be promoting around the same time as other “ Produce 101 Season 2 ” alumni . NU'EST W , whose members Baekho , Ren , and JR appeared on the survival program , recently released their album “ W , HERE. ” JBJ , another group that was formed with contestants from the show , will be making their debut on October 18 .
When asked by a reporter how it feels to be competing against some familiar faces , RAINZ 's Jang Dae Hyun said , “ We 're all friends with the members of those groups . We 've somehow ended up in this situation of becoming ‘ rivals , ' but we all think of it as a friendly competition and we 're hoping for a win-win situation . ”
Speaking of hopes , the members of RAINZ also stated that their goal for their first promotional activities was to top the music charts . Kim Seong Ri said , “ Of course , our goal is to be no . 1 . We really want to . I hope we can achieve that and even go overseas and perform for all of the fans who have shown their love for us . ”
Seo Sung Hyuk added , “ Although I 'd love for us to top the charts , I 'd be happy if we just entered the top 10 rankings . ”
We wish all the best to RAINZ , NU'EST W and JBJ !
Source ( 1 )
Shocking : Sony Learned No Password Lessons After The 2011 PSN Hack
from the sony-is-as-sony-does dept
The great Sony hack of 2014 : what 's it all about ? Is it a subversive plot by North Koreans operating out of China in revenge for a film starring two guys from Freaks and Geeks ? Or maybe it 's simply fodder for stupid politicians to remind us that all the world 's ills could be cured if only internet service providers took on the challenge of fixing all the things in all the places ? No , my dear friends , no . The Sony hack of 2014 is a beautiful Christmas gift ( your religious holiday may vary ) of a wake-up call to anyone silly enough to think that Sony would bother to learn the lessons very recent history has tried to teach it .
To prove this , one need only review the latest file dump in the leak , which features the wonderful naivete of whatever bright minds are in charge of Sony 's internal password conventions and storage policies .
In a small file titled `` Bonus.rar , '' hackers included a folder named `` Password . '' It 's exactly what it sounds like : 140 files containing thousands upon thousands of private passwords , virtually all of them stored in plaintext documents without protection of any kind . Some seem personal in nature ( `` karrie 's Passwords.xls '' ) while others are wider in scope ( `` YouTube login passwords.xls '' ) . Many are tied to financial accounts like American Express , while others provide access to corporate voicemail accounts or internal servers , and come conveniently paired with full names , addresses , phone numbers , and emails .
In case you 're unfamiliar with the hack against Sony 's Playstation Network a mere three years ago , the problem was -- you guessed it -- the exact same thing . In that case , the hack produced customer names , addresses , emails and login/password information because that information was stored in plain text , contrary to the advice of every competent network security person on the planet . Take , for instance , one security researcher quoted in the link above :
Passwords in plaintext ? These guys are pretty bad - I do n't think I 've ever encountered this before . What 's the point of using common password storage/hashing techniques if your staff is keeping all your passwords in plain text on open fileshares ? Shit , why bother having locks on the doors at all ?
The worst of all the problem 's this hack revealed is that this question should have been answered in the wake of the events of three years ago . It 's one thing to screw up . It 's quite another to screw up in a manner that went public in a spectacular way and simply refuse to take measures to ensure it does n't happen again . But that 's Sony for you : long live plain text .
Filed Under : hack , password , sony hack
Companies : sony , sony pictures
Jupiter 's icy moon Europa , home to a probable buried ocean , just added another twist to its exotic cool . The Hubble Space Telescope has spotted possible plumes of water spraying from Europa 's South Pole .
The jets resemble the giant icy geyser seen on Saturn 's moon Enceladus . Plumes on Europa could be even more exciting because they hint at the ability to tap a subsurface habitat that might even harbor extraterrestrial life .
“ If this pans out , it 's potentially the biggest news in the outer Solar System since the discovery of the Enceladus plume , ” says Robert Pappalardo , a planetary scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , who was not involved in the research .
The work , reported today in Science , comes with plenty of caveats . Although previous theoretical work suggested that plumes could exist on Europa , earlier tantalizing hints of them have come to nothing . This time , Hubble spotted the potential plumes in just one observation . And if they do turn out to be real , the plumes might not even be connected to the moon 's deep subsurface ocean .
“ It 's a first-time discovery , and we need to go back and look some more , ” says team member Joachim Saur , a planetary scientist at the University of Cologne in Germany .
Moon shot
Saur and their colleagues have looked for Europan plumes before , to no avail . In 2012 , the group decided to take another shot . Using an ultraviolet camera on Hubble , they scrutinized Europa once in November and once in December of that year . The November study found nothing , but the 2.7-hour exposure in December spotted blobs of hydrogen and oxygen near Europa 's South Pole .
Their size , shape and chemical make-up is best explained by two plumes of water vapor roughly 200 kilometers high , says team leader Lorenz Roth , a planetary scientist at the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas . That is many times the height of potential Europa plumes calculated by some theorists . It would mean that Europa 's jets reach higher than the volcanic eruptions on Jupiter 's moon Io , but not as high as the towering plume that spouts from Enceladus .
Roth 's team spotted the plumes when Europa was at its greatest distance from Jupiter . Changing stresses in the moon 's crust , caused by tidal forces between the moon and planet , may explain why the researchers did n't see any plumes in the November observation when Europa and Jupiter were close . “ Maybe Europa is just burping once in a while , ” Pappalardo says .
It is possible that the plumes may not tap into the deep subsurface , says Saur . The frictional heat of ice rubbing against itself might melt parts of the icy crust and feed the plumes .
Either way , the discovery could be a shot in the arm for upcoming missions . In 2022 , the European Space Agency is planning to launch a probe that would explore Europa as well as Jupiter and its other moons . And Pappalardo leads a mission concept team at NASA that is outlining a possible US spacecraft to Europa .
This article is reproduced with permission from the magazine Nature . The article was first published on December 12 , 2013 .
In their news conference of the year two weeks ago , U.S. President Barack Obama said that they warned Russian President Vladimir Putin to refrain from any further hacking of the U.S. election . In Obama 's words , they told Putin to “ cut it out ” during a tense tête-à-tête at a summit in China just weeks before the national vote that saw a prominent Putin-flatterer win the White House . Obama intimated that the hacking was also done with Putin 's express permission , if not indeed ordered by them personally . The goal of the digital tradecraft , the CIA and the FBI now agree , was to further the election of Donald Trump .
Whether the former KGB spy accused by the British government of “ probably ” approving the murderous irradiation of a Russian dissident at a central London hotel was impressed by “ cut it out ” remains unclear . But intensified sanctions may be a very different matter . And the stage is now set in the United States for a potential showdown between the Republican-controlled Congress and the new Putin-apologist Republican president .
On Thursday , Obama announced that by executive order they have sanctioned nine entities and individuals over the Russian government 's alleged cyber-espionage against the Democratic Party in general and Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign in particular . They have also given 35 unnamed Russian intelligence operatives 72 hours to leave the United States , and has ordered restricted access to two Russian-government-run compounds , one in Long Island , the other in Maryland .
The Obama administration sanctioned both Russia 's domestic and military intelligence services , the FSB and GRU , respectively , on Thursday . The U.S. also targeted four top-ranking officials of the latter organization , including its current chief , Igor Valentinovich Korobov , and three of their subordinates—Sergey Aleksandrovich Gizunov , Igor Olegovich Kostyukov , and Vladimir Stepanovich Alekseyev . None of these men is known to be a frequent or even occasional traveler to the United States , however , and so the punishment is largely symbolic .
Evgeniy Mikhailovich Bogachev and Aleksey Alekseyevich Belan , accused of `` activities related to the significant misappropriation of funds or economic resources , trade secrets , personal identifiers , or financial information for private financial gain , '' were also sanctioned , along with a signals intelligence center based in St. Petersburg , Russia , a digital security firm and the Autonomous Non-commercial Organization Professional Association of Designers of Data Processing Systems , an under-the-radar and verbosely named organization said by U.S. officials to be a training facility for hackers , according to the New York Times.Bogachev and Belan were both already on the FBI 's Most Wanted list for hacking predating the DNC penetration . Russian newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda called Belan the `` Most Dangerous Hacker in the World . ''
The compound in Long Island being shuttered is a 14-acre estate called Norwich House in Upper Brookville . A nearby Russian compound , the mansion Killenworth , was the site of minor Cold War drama . During the early 1980s , the city council of Glen Cove banned Soviet officials banned from using public beaches and tennis courts and argued with the federal government over the loss of property taxes , owing to the compound 's ownership by a foreign government . Arkady Shevchenko , at the time the highest-ranking Soviet diplomat to defect to the United States , told Canadian television that Killenworth was a prominent listening station . '' All the top floors of the building are full of sophisticated equipment ... to intercept all conversations of anything which is going on , '' Shevchenko said in 1982 . `` At least 15 or 17 technicians were working ... to do this job . ''
* * * This is not the first executive order Obama has taken against Russia . Early sanctions , passed in the spring of 2014 , took aim at Russian power brokers in Putin 's inner circle , including billionaire oligarchs whose fortunes are intertwined with those of the state . Other targets were the presumed architects of the Ukraine Anschluss such as Vladislav Surkov , Russia 's chief ideologist , and Dmitry Rogozin , the head of the nation 's military-industrial complex . As the Ukraine war wore on , Russian state-owned banks , energy and military companies were added to the U.S. Treasury Department 's banned list , as was the then-head of the GRU , Igor Sergun . Sergun died in January 2016 .
These measures were “ narrowly tailored , ” in the words of Juan Zarate , the Treasury Department 's former assistant secretary for the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence , to hurt but not collapse Russia 's economy .
The 11th-hour Obama administration retaliation comes amid a growing , if fragile , bipartisan consensus , premised on the findings of all U.S. intelligence services , about Russia 's interference in American democracy .
Former Republican presidential candidate Sen. Lindsey Graham told CNN this week that the U.S. Senate was united in its view that online hackers connected to Russia 's domestic and military intelligence services stole thousands of internal emails from Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) accounts and also from the personal account of Hillary Clinton 's campaign chief John Podesta .
“ I would say that 99 of us believe the Russians did this and we 're going to do something about it , ” Graham said .
Paul Ryan , the Speaker of the House , was more tart in their statement , saying , `` Russia does not share America 's interests . In fact , it has consistently sought to undermine them , sowing dangerous instability around the world . While today 's action by the administration is overdue , it is an appropriate way to end eight years of failed policy with Russia . And it serves as a prime example of this administration 's ineffective foreign policy that has left America weaker in the eyes of the world . ''
Graham , for their part , has advocated leveling sanctions against Putin personally . The closest the U.S. has come to targeting the Russian president was to name them as an investor in Gunvor , a Swiss commodities trader , in the passage of the first suite of U.S. sanctions against Russia for its invasion and annexation of Crimea in 2014 . Gunvor denies the U.S. Treasury Department 's allegation .
Then , a year ago , Adam Szubin , the acting undersecretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence , sat for an interview with BBC Panorama and called Putin a kleptocrat . “ We 've seen them enriching their friends , their close allies and marginalizing those who they do n't view as friends using state assets , ” Szubin said . “ Whether that 's Russia 's energy wealth , whether it 's other state contracts , they direct those to whom they believe will serve them and excludes those who do n't . To me , that is a picture of corruption . ”
The Kremlin has vowed to respond in kind if new sanctions are passed , as it has done in the past by blacklisting U.S. legislators and American prosecutors of Russian nationals accused of arms trafficking and other crimes .
The most notorious retaliation came after Congress passed the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act in 2012 , named for a framed and murdered Russian tax attorney . The law authorized the U.S. government to implement travel bans and U.S. asset freezes of any officials complicit in that crime and/or found to have committed gross human rights abuses . The Russian parliament responded by penning a law barring Americans from adopting Russian orphans .
* * *
In response to Thursday 's actions , Maria Zakharova , the spokesperson of Russia 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , issued a statement posted on the Ministry 's website : “ If Washington really does take new hostile steps , they will be answered ... any action against Russian diplomatic missions in the U.S. will immediately bounce back on U.S. diplomats in Russia . '' They concluded , `` Frankly , we are tired about the lies about Russian hackers—it 's misinformation by Obama administration aimed at providing an excuse for its own failure . ”
Zakharova has previously dismissed the U.S. allegation of Russian hacking by saying that Trump won the presidency because they catered to what they consider the bellwether constituency : `` If you want to know what will happen in America , who do you have to talk to ? You have to talk to the Jews , naturally . ”
They said this on a pro-government television program in mid-November , at one point adopting a stereotypical Jewish accent to describe what their putative sources for this information in Brighton Beach , Brooklyn , relayed to them
One person who seems to agree with Zakharova , at least on the question of their government 's innocence , is President-elect Donald Trump .
Having dismissed the Russian hacking claims as unfounded and possibly the work of an obese person sitting in a basement , and having denigrated the U.S. spy agencies that they are about to command as unreliable , Trump again waved off the matter from their home in Mar-a-Lago , Florida . Standing next to a flag-flapping and bejeweled Don King , Trump told reporters on Wednesday , “ I think we ought to get on with our lives . ''
Trump also cast doubt on the digital forensics that go into determining the source of a breach . “ I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly , the whole you know age of computer has made it where nobody knows exactly what 's going on , ” they said .
When asked about Lindsey Graham 's suggestion that Putin be personally brought to book on the hacking , Trump replied that they had n't spoken to the South Carolina senator but reminded the press that they ran against Graham for the Republican presidential nomination .
Trump has often exonerated the Russian government from bad behavior well documented by Western governments and independent investigators . They said they did not believe that Russian military hardware , operated by Russian soldiers , was responsible for the downing of a civilian airliner over Ukraine in the summer of 2014 . They denied that Putin had invaded Ukraine at all and vowed that they would not do so under a Trump administration , while also , contradictorily , claiming that most Crimeans wanted to be citizens of the Russian Federation . Such apologetics have prompted international suspicions about Trump 's financial and political closeness to Moscow .
Since the U.S. election , Putin also has denied having any involvement in cyber espionage efforts to help Trump 's victory along , although their foreign minister , Sergei Lavrov , did once coyly leave open the possibility . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in October , when asked about the hacking accusations , Lavrov responded : “ We did not deny this , they did not prove it . ”
The stolen Democratic correspondence was distributed to WikiLeaks and DCLeaks.com , an apparent cutout used by Moscow 's spy agencies to scandalize the Democratic front-runner . The Clinton campaign 's coziness with the DNC , at the expense of their primary rival , Sen. Bernie Sanders , led to the resignation of DNC chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz . Podesta 's emails also contained full transcripts of Clinton 's private speeches delivered to major Wall Street audiences , which the Trump campaign alleged undermined their credibility on holding malfeasant bankers to account . Some of the content gave rise to bizarre and ultimately violent conspiracy theories , or “ fake news , ” pertaining to the Clinton camp .
Trump has previously said that their team would consider lifting all Ukraine-related Russian sanctions . Their appointee for secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , has had a personal and professional stake in seeing them lifted and has said publicly in the past that they oppose them .
As the head of Exxon Mobil , they hold around $ 218 million in unvested company stock , the price of which would surely increase if the oil conglomerate were allowed , under U.S. law , to engage in long-term direct investment in Russia again .
Exxon claims it lost more than $ 1 billion because of U.S. sanctions . Tillerson brokered a landmark “ strategic partnership ” between Exxon and Russian oil giant Rosneft in 2011 for the joint exploration of the Kara Sea , in the Russian Arctic .
That deal , which saw Rosneft 's valuation skyrocket by $ 7 billion in the days following its announcement , has stalled since the Ukraine crisis and the attendant U.S. financial proscriptions on doing business with Russia 's energy sector .
Tillerson appears to have been a close personal friend of both Putin and Rosneft chairperson Igor Sechin , who was sanctioned by Treasury in April 2014 . Tillerson , it was revealed by the Guardian , is also the director of a Bahamas-registered Russian subsidiary of Exxon called Exxon Neftegas .
In 2013 Putin personally awarded Tillerson Russia 's Order of Friendship , the highest possible decoration for a foreign national .
A Walhalla police officer , who is also the son of the Seneca police chief , has been arrested and accused of hitting a man in the head three times , according to SLED officials . SLED agents arrested Zachary Lance Covington and charged them with third-degree assault and battery after Covington beat Matthew Lowell , 27 , at the Walhalla Garden Apartments and slammed them to the pavement while they were handcuffed , Sunday , said officials.Lowell was jailed until Tuesday on a charge of resisting arrest.Covington struck Lowell three times in the head at the apartment complex , SLED said . Covington was later booked into the Oconee County Detention Center . Lowell said they were handcuffed because they refused to put out a cigarette while two officers asked them where the mother of their child lived.Walhalla City Administrator Nancy Goehle said the fight was investigated after an internal complaint was made to the police chief of Wahalla.SLED confirmed Covington is the son of Seneca Police Chief John Covington . The case was investigated by SLED at the request of the Walhalla Police Department and the 10th Circuit Solicitor 's Office . The charge is a misdemeanor that , if convicted , carries a penalty of 30 days in prison , a fine of up to $ 500 or both . John Covington 's other son , Adam , was charged in 2014 with charged with misconduct in office and theft of a controlled substance , according to arrest warrants . To read more on that story , click here .
A Walhalla police officer , who is also the son of the Seneca police chief , has been arrested and accused of hitting a man in the head three times , according to SLED officials .
SLED agents arrested Zachary Lance Covington and charged them with third-degree assault and battery after Covington beat Matthew Lowell , 27 , at the Walhalla Garden Apartments and slammed them to the pavement while they were handcuffed , Sunday , said officials .
Advertisement
Lowell was jailed until Tuesday on a charge of resisting arrest .
Covington struck Lowell three times in the head at the apartment complex , SLED said . Covington was later booked into the Oconee County Detention Center .
Lowell said they were handcuffed because they refused to put out a cigarette while two officers asked them where the mother of their child lived .
Walhalla City Administrator Nancy Goehle said the fight was investigated after an internal complaint was made to the police chief of Wahalla .
SLED confirmed Covington is the son of Seneca Police Chief John Covington .
The case was investigated by SLED at the request of the Walhalla Police Department and the 10th Circuit Solicitor 's Office .
The charge is a misdemeanor that , if convicted , carries a penalty of 30 days in prison , a fine of up to $ 500 or both .
John Covington 's other son , Adam , was charged in 2014 with charged with misconduct in office and theft of a controlled substance , according to arrest warrants . To read more on that story , click here .
AlertMe
These countries were at the core of the last global financial crisis , in the late 1990s ( which seemed like a big deal at the time , but was a day at the beach compared with what we 're going through now ) . They responded to that experience by building up huge war chests of dollars and euros , which were supposed to protect them in the event of any future emergency . And not long ago everyone was talking about “ decoupling , ” the supposed ability of emerging market economies to keep growing even if the United States fell into recession . “ Decoupling is no myth , ” The Economist assured its readers back in March . “ Indeed , it may yet save the world economy . ”
That was then . Now the emerging markets are in big trouble . In fact , says Stephen Jen , the chief currency economist at Morgan Stanley , the “ hard landing ” in emerging markets may become the “ second epicenter ” of the global crisis . ( U.S. financial markets were the first . )
Photo
What happened ? In the 1990s , emerging market governments were vulnerable because they had made a habit of borrowing abroad ; when the inflow of dollars dried up , they were pushed to the brink . Since then they have been careful to borrow mainly in domestic markets , while building up lots of dollar reserves . But all their caution was undone by the private sector 's obliviousness to risk .
In Russia , for example , banks and corporations rushed to borrow abroad , because dollar interest rates were lower than ruble rates . So while the Russian government was accumulating an impressive hoard of foreign exchange , Russian corporations and banks were running up equally impressive foreign debts . Now their credit lines have been cut off , and they 're in desperate straits .
Needless to say , the existing troubles in the banking system , plus the new troubles at hedge funds and in emerging markets , are all mutually reinforcing . Bad news begets bad news , and the circle of pain just keeps getting wider .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Meanwhile , U.S. policymakers are still balking when it comes to doing what 's necessary to contain the crisis .
It was good news when Mr. Paulson finally agreed to funnel capital into the banking system in return for partial ownership . But last week Joe Nocera of The Times pointed out a key weakness in the U.S. Treasury 's bank rescue plan : it contains no safeguards against the possibility that banks will simply sit on the money . “ Unlike the British government , which is mandating lending requirements in return for capital injections , our government seems afraid to do anything except plead. ” And sure enough , the banks seem to be hoarding the cash .
There 's also bizarre stuff going on with regard to the mortgage market . I thought that the whole point of the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the lending agencies , was to remove fears about their solvency and thereby lower mortgage rates . But top officials have made a point of denying that Fannie and Freddie debt is backed by the “ full faith and credit ” of the U.S. government — and as a result , markets are still treating the agencies ' debt as a risky asset , driving mortgage rates up at a time when they should be going down .
What 's happening , I suspect , is that the Bush administration 's anti-government ideology still stands in the way of effective action . Events have forced Mr. Paulson into a partial nationalization of the financial system — but they refuse to use the power that comes with ownership .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Whatever the reasons for the continuing weakness of policy , the situation is manifestly not coming under control . Things continue to fall apart .
This weekend 's Catalan Grand Prix will mark the one-year anniversary of Rossi 's last grand prix win , as the Italian took advantage of being able to optimise their works Yamaha machine to the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya 's slippery track surface .
It followed their victory at Jerez several weeks earlier , which was achieved in very similar conditions .
However , Rossi recorded their worst finish for four years in this year 's Jerez race , finishing down in 10th and a full 38 seconds behind race winner Dani Pedrosa .
With the Barcelona track surface dating back to 2007 , Rossi told reporters in Mugello they worry they could struggle again as they did in Jerez .
`` I am a bit worried , because the asphalt in Barcelona is very bad and the grip level is very low , '' they admitted . `` In Jerez with these conditions , we suffered with our bike . But it 's very early to say .
`` Anyway , I love Barcelona , I like [ the circuit ] a lot , also with the new layout , '' Rossi added , referring to the revised chicane added in the final sector this year introduced in the wake of Luis Salom 's fatal accident last year .
Rossi finished fourth at Mugello having been involved in a motocross accident that left them with chest and abdominal pain the previous week , and said their `` physical condition '' stopped them from finishing on the podium .
The 38-year-old admitted the fact that Barcelona follows on so closely from their home race will make the Catalan event `` hard '' .
`` It 's better if I have one extra week , but it 's two in a row , it will be hard , '' Rossi said . `` But for sure if I continue to recover like this , another week is important . ''
Additional reporting by Matteo Nugnes
RENTON – Dion Bailey will start at strong safety in the Seahawks ' opener while Marcus Burley will be the team 's nickelback .
Coach Pete Carroll made those announcements on Monday – six days before the start of the regular season – confirming what could have been assumed based on the depth chart and preseason playing time .
Bailey started the last three preseason games and had been working with Seattle 's first-team defense in practice for some time ahead of DeShawn Shead , who began training camp atop the depth chart with Kam Chancellor holding out .
Burley served as Seattle 's nickelback during the first half of last season – with mixed results – while Jeremy Lane was sidelined with an injury . Free-agent addition Will Blackmon appeared to be the leading candidate to fill that role this year – at least until Lane comes off the Physically Unable to Perform list – but they were released Saturday in a somewhat surprising move .
Rookie Tye Smith was also competing for the nickel job , but it will belong to Burley .
“ Burley played for us last year , ” Carroll said . “ We like the way they do it . We gave them a competitive shot with guys coming after them and they held onto the job . ”
Here are some more notes to come out of Carroll 's post-practice media availability :
• Carroll said running back Fred Jackson will play “ a lot ” Sunday in Seattle 's regular-season opener despite practicing with the team for the first time on Monday . Carroll said Jackson “ ran the whole offense ” Monday with starter Marshawn Lynch absent for a personal reason .
• As for Seattle 's other recent addition , safety Kelcie McCray , Carroll was n't sure whether he 'll be up to speed in time to play Sunday .
• Carroll said backup quarterback Tarvaris Jackson threw Monday and will do so again when Seattle practices next on Wednesday . “ I think he 's going to make it , ” Carroll said of Sunday 's opener . “ I think he 's going to be ready to go. ” Carroll said linebacker Mike Morgan “ probably ” wo n't play Sunday due to a hamstring injury while tight end Cooper Helfet has a chance . “ Cooper 's running around , so he 's got a chance to go Wednesday , Thursday , ” Carroll said . “ Just do it one day at a time . They look pretty close . ”
• Seattle 's players voted on captains for the 2015 season on Monday . Quarterback Russell Wilson will be the offensive captain for the third straight season . Linebacker Bobby Wagner will captain the defense for the first time , taking over for Chancellor . Punter Jon Ryan is the special-teams captain . They and kicker Steven Hauschka shared that title last season .
The Cleveland Browns did n't even make the playoffs , much less be in competition for the Super Bowl , yet a study by Pro Football Focus , published on ESPN , says that the Browns are only 5 players away . That is good enough for 7th best of the 30 teams that are not in the Super Bowl .
You read that right , basically PFF has ranked the Cleveland Browns with the 9th best roster in the NFL . Besides the two Super Bowl teams the Browns are only ranked below the Dallas Cowboys , Baltimore Ravens , Denver Broncos , Green Bay Packers , Philadelphia Eagles and the Detroit Lions . Here is how they decided on their rankings :
What makes a Super Bowl contender ? When Pro Football Focus analyzed the 28 teams that played in the conference championship games for the 2007 to 2013 seasons , it found that , on average , 40 percent of those rosters were composed of good/elite players ( you had to play 250-plus snaps to qualify ) . Using that methodology , PFF determined how many above-average players stood between your team and contending for this year 's Super Bowl .
With PFF 's rankings , you can click on each team 's name to see what some of the ESPN experts had to say about where they had players ranked . Only Joe Thomas and Joel Bitonio were ranked by PFF as Elite while a number of players , including surprisingly John Greco were ranked as Good . Joe Haden , the guy playing in the Pro Bowl right now with one of the biggest contracts of all cornerbacks , was only rated as Average . According to their rankings the Browns should be Contending .
Joel Bitonio was rated as the best value for the team while Ahtyba Rubin was the team 's worst value .
Of the Browns 5 players that they are away we can all agree that quarterback is one of them . Here is what Kevin Seifert had to say about the Browns QB situation :
The Browns ' master plan here is in tatters . First-round draft choice Johnny Manziel ‘ s rookie year was so bad ( 5.1 Total QBR ) that they ca n't be counted on as a starter for 2015 . Meanwhile , veteran Brian Hoyer ‘ s midseason fade ca n't give the Browns much confidence in their fallback candidate . Their 25.9 QBR from Weeks 11-17 ranked ahead of just two qualified quarterbacks ( Robert Griffin III and Blake Bortles ) . The good news is the Browns have only $ 2.3 million in cap space committed to the position in 2015 . – Grade = D
No one would argue with anything that Seifert had to say . Hoyer was n't impressive enough to keep Manziel on the bench and Manziel 's time on the field was the only thing worse than theirs off the field issues . In the end Manziel 's play made fans excited when undrafted Connor Shaw started in Week 17 . The Browns do n't have a ton of options moving forward . They could try to draft someone , including Marcus Mariota or Jameis Winston , or sign someone , where Hoyer is joined by Ryan Mallett , Mark Sanchez and Jake Locker atop the free agent list . No for sure options there .
Jeremy Fowler lists the Browns primary needs as outside linebacker , quarterback and wide receiver . We all agree about the QB spot , although we all want different solutions , so lets look at the other two spots . Fowler notes that the OLB 3 some of Barkevious Mingo , Jabaal Sheard and Paul Kruger only combined for 15 sacks , 11 along by Kruger . Sheard is a free agent and could be replaced while Mingo is going into their all important 3rd season . All 3 OLBs were ranked as Average by PFF .
The receiver need seem pretty obvious to most but an interesting note from the PFF study : Andrew Hawkins and Taylor Gabriel were both ranked as two of the Browns 7 Good players . So while a bigger receiver , with the ability to high point the ball as well as be a threat in the redzone , is important , the Browns actually have some good talent there .
The Browns were the highest ranked non-playoff team . Their roster was ranked ahead of playoff teams the Carolina Panthers , Pittsburgh Steelers , Cincinnati Bengals , Arizona Cardinals and Indianapolis Colts . The Colts are the lowest rated playoff team at # 20 while Jacksonville Jaguars are ranked last .
Take a look at their post and see if it changes your thoughts about the Browns roster . With their 10 draft picks and their cap space it is fair to say that the Browns have the ability to add at least 5 more impact players .
What do you think about the Browns roster after this research ?
One of the most common models that you will have to model if you are doing architectural visualizations , and especially if you are doing assets for environments for the gaming industry is creating a model of a detailed rock or cliff formation . Well once you get to that point you will quickly come to a realization that even though at first glance it looks and sounds really simple , in reality rocks can provide a bit of a challenge and especially if you have never done it before . Well in today 's post i decided to tackle this issue and show you how you can create a fairly detailed rock in ZBrush , then make a low poly model of that and bake out normal maps and AO maps that you can use as a mask . To make it easier to follow i divided this into two videos so it 's easier to understand .
In the first video we will start with a little intro and a general overview of what kinds of a rock we can see after which we will jump straight in ZBrush . We will use Dynamesh to get the general form , and then from there we will work with the Trim selection , the Trim Dynamic brushes as well as the Trim Smooth edges brush . After this we will take a look at the noisemaker option for adding general noise on your model and we will finish up the fist stage of the rock . So if this sounds interesting check out the first part of the video .
In the second video we will continue from the same place where we left off in the fist one , and the very first thing we will do is get out of Dynamesh and Remesh our rock . This is where the “ Holy Trinity ” rule of Duplicate/Divide/Project will come into play in order to help us get all the details from the Dynamesh model onto the new ZRemeshed model . After all this we will also see how we can use some custom brushes to add in some details on the rock and finish it up . Then in the end we will use UV Master plugin for a quick UV unwrap and we will use Substance Painter to do a quick bake of the maps . But enough with the explanation , go ahead and check out the video for yourself .
After watching those two videos you should have a better understanding of what it takes to create a Rock asset that you can use in your Visualization projects as well as use it as a game asset . To be perfectly honest i wanted to make this video first so i have a base on which i can reference for a future video that i want to make that will cover many of the things covered here but create something more “ cool ” . But for now this will be all , and like always if you enjoyed the videos and you learned something new then share the post around so it can reach more people .
What 's the best way to hide your illegally-built castle ? Behind hay bales , of course .
And what 's the best way to keep the council from knocking it down ? Say it 's got bats in it !
These are the lessons we have learned from Robert Fidler , who is in the process of doing just that with a property at Honeycrock Farm in Salfords .
They built the castle in 2000 and moved in with their family in 2002 , all the while hiding it behind a giant wall of straw .
It is alleged the farmer hoped to hide the castle for long enough to use a legal loophole that meant if a construction was uncontested for four years authorities could not touch it . In 2007 , Reigate and Banstead Borough Council ordered the castle 's demolition after the Planning Inspectorate dismissed their appeals .
Fidler has told the High Court that the castle can not be knocked down because it is also home to “ roosting ” bats . They said an ecological survey conducted in June established the presence of bats and newts around the property earmarking it as an “ ideal ” habitat .
Mr Fidler told the court : “ I started a demolition process within the 90-day period , but came across what I can only understand to be a criminal matter . ”
Explaining the statute , which they came across on www.bats.org.uk , Mr Fidler explained : “ This is , apparently , a European law , which is over and above any English or local authority statute or rule .
`` I understand from the website that if there were any endangered species threatened by actions of either demolishing the building or the garden wall , that it was a very serious offence . ”
Mr Fidler said the survey established the property had “ all the ideal things where bats are likely to be foraging . ”
They accused the council of having “ no interest at all in their responsibilities to wildlife .
The council said the case has cost it £50,000 and had to take Mr Fidler to court after they refused to comply with court orders and an injunction ordering them to knock it down .
Stephen Wales , for the council , accused Mr Fidler of `` deliberately disobeying the injunction order . ''
`` My claim is that the council 's inaction and lack of response about the bats unfairly placed me into what they believe is a contempt of court - in fact the very thing which the council is now prosecuting me for , ” Mr Fiddler said .
Fidler sold the four-bedroom castle last year but still lives there as a tenant - they now face eviction .
All images : SWNS
Company tax cuts to benefit workers , economy , Arthur Sinodinos says
Updated
Federal Labor has called on the Coalition to reveal its plans on company tax , after a senior Turnbull Government minister spelled out the case for reducing the burden on business .
Key points : Arthur Sinodinos says cutting corporate taxes has positive flow on effects
They say it encourages investment from overseas
They maintain it leads to higher wages for workers , higher employment
The Government has backed away from delivering personal tax relief in the May budget , but the option of corporate tax cuts remains .
Cabinet Secretary Arthur Sinodinos said cutting corporate taxation would benefit workers along with the economy .
`` Putting money into the hands of consumers obviously encourages more spending and disposable income and has good incentive effects . But cutting company taxes also has good effects , '' Senator Sinodinos said .
`` It can encourage investment , it can encourage higher productivity .
`` There are lots of studies that show that that ultimately leads to higher GDP in the economy and higher wages for workers . ''
Companies with annual turnover of $ 2 million or more pay a 30 per cent company tax rate , while small businesses last year received a tax cut and now pay 28.5 per cent .
`` Another day , another bit of talk , but as we 've seen to date on tax , the Liberal Party is all talk and no action , '' shadow treasurer Chris Bowen said .
`` The Liberal Party has voted against company tax cuts previously and criticised Labor when talking about aspiring to bring down company tax further . ''
Shadow assistant treasurer Andrew Leigh said Senator Sinodinos ' contribution was another thought bubble on tax from the Coalition .
`` This Government could open a bubble factory to amuse young children , '' Dr Leigh said .
`` But it ca n't actually get its act together to clearly tell the Australian people what it 's going to do to provide the economic leadership that they promised but have failed to deliver . ''
Treasurer Scott Morrison two months ago said they were `` passionate '' about addressing bracket creep , but this week said a surplus , strong growth or new taxes were needed before the Government provided income tax relief .
`` It 's not like '99 or 2000 where we had a major budget surplus , which allowed us to turbo-charge income tax cuts as we were making a major tax mix switch , '' Senator Sinodinos said .
`` So , today it 's much more of a hard graft of looking at tax concessions , whether they 're fit for purpose and whether the money from tax concessions can be better used in other ways . But the final results of that will be in the budget . ''
Topics : federal-government , government-and-politics , tax , business-economics-and-finance , australia
First posted
Fox News psychiatrist Keith Ablow used the anniversary of the September 11 attacks to smear President Obama with the accusation that `` he hates us , '' but was elected because Americans suffered from Stockholm Syndrome .
In a discussion on Fox Business ' Varney & Co. about the anniversary of the September 11 terror attack , host Stuart Varney asked Ablow whether America 's psyche had changed in the twelve years after the attack . Ablow responded that America suffers from a `` captive mentality '' like Stockholm Syndrome . As evidence , Ablow pointed to the election of Obama , who they claimed `` does n't even like us , they hate us , '' concluding that `` when things get bad enough , '' America `` will elect a patriot '' ( emphasis added ) :
ABLOW : Yes , but I hope not irrevocably so . Because I think what it set in motion is a kind of captive mentality . The same kind of thing that happens when a plane is hijacked and people aboard say `` You know what ? I am starting to think like the people who took this plane over . '' Why ? Because they want to be safe and they want to endear themselves to their adversaries . And I think that the whole Obama apology tour , the election of Barack Obama was a manifestation of us wanting to say , `` Look , we are not that bad , do n't hurt us . Here is this guy , how bad can we be ? They do n't even like us , they hate us and we are electing them president . ''
CHARLES PAYNE ( Fox Business contributor ) : When do we come out of this Stockholm Syndrome that you are talking about , when do we escape it ?
ABLOW : It 's good to be with another psychiatrist . Stockholm Syndrome -- We escape it when things get bad enough from that failed psychological attempt . Right ? what is it ? It 's a form of denial . Bad enough that , just like an alcoholic falling on the pavement , you say , `` You know what , oh my God , this did n't work . Trying to dodge and weave around who we are and pretend we 're other than that by electing someone friendly to adversaries is not working , hence we will elect a patriot , someone very high on the Constitution and someone who is n't afraid to use power when it 's indicated . '' And then we 'll set things right .
Seaweed fibre is being added to bread Seaweed could hold the answer to tackling obesity , according to Newcastle University researchers . The team found alginate - a fibre found in sea kelp - reduces the body 's fat uptake by more than 75 % . That is better than most anti-obesity treatments . Now the fibre is being added to bread in an effort to develop foods that help lose weight . Clinical trials are now intended to find out how effective it would be in a normal diet . Dr Iain Brownlee , who co-led the Tyneside team , said : `` This research suggests that if we can add the natural fibre to products commonly eaten daily , such as bread , biscuits and yoghurts , up to three quarters of the fat contained in that meal could simply pass through the body . 'Real solution ' `` We have already added the alginate to bread and initial taste tests have been extremely encouraging . '' The scientists used an `` artificial gut '' to test the effectiveness of 60 different natural fibres by measuring the extent to which they affected the digestion of fat . This looks interesting , but we could only start recommending it if the scientists were able to provide good evidence based on rigorous trials
David Haslam of the National Obesity Forum The findings have been presented at the American Chemical Society 's spring meeting in San Francisco . `` There are countless claims about miracle cures for weight loss but only a few cases offer any sound scientific evidence to back up these claims , '' said Dr Brownlee . `` Obesity is an ever-growing problem and many people find it difficult to stick to diet and exercise plans in order to lose weight . `` These initial findings suggest alginates could offer a very real solution in the battle against obesity , '' Alginates are already used in small amounts in food as thickeners and stabilisers . Dr David Haslam , chair of the National Obesity Forum , said : `` Some products are sold as medical devices at vast expense which simply do n't work . `` This looks interesting , but we could only start recommending it if the scientists were able to provide good evidence based on rigorous trials . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A doubleheader soccer event will be held on a temporary grass pitch Saturday at TCF Bank Stadium . A separate match will continue outside the lines .
First , Manchester City FC and Olympiacos will play in the International Champions Cup , a preseason tournament for the world 's best clubs . Second , Minnesota United FC will play Ottawa Fury FC , a matchup of teams in the second-strata North American Soccer League .
Winners and losers likely will be determined in those matches , but the biggest competition , with an undetermined endgame , remains the pursuit of a Major League Soccer franchise in Minnesota .
The Vikings are a lead promoter of the International Champions Cup and consider the event a precursor to an increased focus this fall on a possible MLS bid . Meanwhile , United owner Bill McGuire has invested heavily in their club , explores sites for a new stadium and quietly considers MLS possibilities .
“ No one wants to overcommit , ” said Alan Merrick , a soccer ambassador in Minnesota since the 1970s . “ No one wants to make statements that will come back to haunt them , so I think they are both being very coy in their approach . ”
The Vikings are more open . The NFL franchise continues to talk with MLS leaders ; they visited the Portland Timbers franchise this summer , and they 're working on renderings and designs of what soccer could look like in their nearly $ 1 billion stadium under construction in downtown Minneapolis .
“ It 's about the long-term elevation of soccer in Minnesota , ” said Lester Bagley , the Vikings ' vice president of public affairs and stadium development . “ We believe that this is a strong expansion market for MLS . ”
Merrick , who played for the Minnesota Kicks pro team during its heyday in the 1970s , said both groups have merits .
For the Vikings , it 's the stadium .
“ Looking at all of the complexities of that stadium , and the state-of-the-art environment that will be there , I ca n't think of a better location , ” Merrick said .
For United , it 's the investment in the existing local pro team .
“ They now have to come to terms on whether they want to maintain being in the second division of soccer or bring it to ( MLS ) , the pinnacle of the game in the U.S. , ” said Merrick , who coaches the University of Minnesota men 's club team . “ They will move in the direction of nothing but the best . They 've invested a lot of time , energy and money and passion into it . They need to be rewarded . ”
The goal of MLS is to expand to 24 teams by 2020 , and Minnesota is considered a front-runner to be awarded a franchise .
But MLS has been interested in Minnesota for about eight years , said Candace Daley , executive director of the Minnesota Youth Soccer Association .
“ It 's really important to them that if they are going to move into a state and try to bring a team in , that there is a large and well-structured youth organization , ” Daley said .
Minnesota has that . With 70,000 playing members , MYSA is the 15th-ranked state in number of participants , Daley said . Its publication , Soccer Times , reaches 55,000 households six times a year .
“ They ( MLS ) really like the fact that soccer is very popular here , ” Daley said .
United , and its previous iterations , have been involved with MYSA for many years , and Daley said the Vikings have reached out to partner with MYSA in the past two months .
But MYSA is n't playing favorites . It wants MLS here , regardless of which ownership group might be awarded the franchise . It just wants professional role models for its players .
“ It 's not for us to duke out , but we are going to be supportive of the efforts , ” they said .
Support of Saturday 's game is crucial , Merrick said . On Wednesday , announced attendance figures eclipsed 30,000 , which is well below the 45,778 averaged in the opening eight matches of the tournament .
“ I think they need to get 35,000 , 40,000 fans to show that people are interested , and that this is more than just a passing fancy , ” Merrick said . “ Let 's start moving this game into the No . 1 league . Let 's bring it into the Twin Cities . ”
Follow Andy Greder at twitter.com/andygreder .
I think The Grateful Dead kind of represents the spirit of being able to go out and have an adventure in America at large . You know what I mean ? You can go out and follow the Grateful Dead around . And you have your war stories . Something like hopping railroads . Something like that . Or being on the road like Cassidy and Kerouac . – Jerry Garcia in an interview with record exec Joe Smith .
Over the next two decades , [ the Grateful Dead ] would play nearly 500 different songs , of which roughly 150 were originals . Genres included rock and roll , blues , jug band music , folk , R & B , rockabilly , country-western , gospel , calypso , western swing and New Orleans . – A Long Strange Trip ” The Inside History of the Grateful Dead .
In 1970 , The Dead , Janis Joplin , The Band , Buddy Guy , Flying Burrito Bros. and Delaney and Bonnie took a trans-Canada train ride called The Festival Express . It probably tells you all you need to know that at one point they stopped to replenish their liquor supply by “ buying out the stock of an entire liquor store. ” There 's a movie out there of this extravaganza if you 're so inclined .
And then there 's Augustus Owsley Stanley III AKA Owsley , AKA Bear . Bear was the scion of a Kentucky political family . Their father was a government attorney . Their grandfather was a United States senator .
All of which makes it that much more ironic when you realize that Owsley is unquestionably the most legendary manufacturer of LSD who did not work at a pharmaceutical . By their own account , they concocted somewhere around 10 million doses of acid in the Sixties . The Acid Tests would not have been possible without him . ( He also provided tabs of acid to the Beatles while they were filming Magical Mystery Tour . )
The Dead dug Bear ( either a nickname they got as a teen or a tribute to their “ carnal pursuits ) and Lesh asked them if they wanted to be a manager . Declining that , Lesh offered them the job of soundman , which despite zero experience , they took . This was fortuitous as they not only continually improved their sound but also recorded pretty much every rehearsal and performance .
As a consequence , the Dead have the most extensive trove of live concerts known to humankind ( Dick 's Picks , Dave 's Picks , Road Trips – you name it . ) Bear also came up with the logo on top of this post as a way to differentiate the band 's road gear . Owsley paid the price for their LSD pursuit , doing a couple of stints in prison and eventually giving it up altogether .
Early in 1966 , the Dead met Rock Scully and their partner Danny Rifkin . Scully became their manager , Rifkin their road manager . Since the Dead were a group of anarchic , leaderless ( Garcia wanted no part of that ) musicians , they needed someone to guide them . Things started to happen soon after Rock came on board .
The band spent a less-than-fortuitous couple of months as fish out of water down in LA . When they came back , the Fillmore Auditorium had started hosting bands like Velvet Underground . ( Original name – The Warlocks . ) Due to deteriorating building and neighborhood conditions , Bill Graham opened another venue called Fillmore West in 1968 , having opened Fillmore East a few months earlier . ( Despite their outsize reputations , the Fillmores were only open for three years . )
Graham , in my reading of him , veered between great music lover , tough entrepreneur and complete self-serving arsehole . They were “ tougher and stronger – and more gifted as a promoter – than anyone in the San Francisco rock music business , and they ate their opposition alive. ” ( Graham died in 1991 in a helicopter accident . Their autobiography , Bill Graham Presents : My Life Inside Rock and Out is well worth reading . )
The Dead managed to record some tunes with a guy who had a home studio . These were mostly , for some reason , jug band tunes and a couple of originals . Garcia figured that maybe 150 were pressed and mostly sold at head shops in the Haight which was becoming more and more of a counterculture enclave .
For the remainder of 1966 , the band played , got high and toured . Chet Helms of the Avalon ballroom asked them to do a poster for a Dead concert . Checking out the library , their graphic guys , Kelley/Mouse found the old tome , The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam . In there , they found a picture that was in the public domain and they thought , is that the Dead or what ? And so , voila ! More Dead iconography :
Interestingly , the Dead were not the first major band from San Francisco to record an album . Jefferson Airplane Takes Off was released in August of 1966 . And although they are listed only as “ Musical and Spiritual Advisor , ” it is generally believed that Garcia played guitar on the album and lent a hand in production .
As to their own recording career , the Dead – always skeptical of institutions – were n't rushing into anything . But through connections , they did get to know Joe Smith at Warners who wanted to record them . They eventually did sign a contract and by some miracle managed to keep their own publishing .
Meanwhile , the band started to get more attention in what constituted the pre-Rolling Stone rock press , Crawdaddy ! And the secret of San Francisco was slowly leaking out into the world .
In January of 1967. the band started working on their first album , The Grateful Dead . The Dead felt it was rushed and overall were not happy with it . Lesh felt that “ Viola Lee Blues ” at least sounded like them . It did n't get much AM airplay and the new album-oriented FM station , KSAN , would n't get started till 1968 .
Late in 1967 . Kreutzmann invited a drummer he 'd met named Mickey Hart to one of their gigs . Asked to sit in on the second set , they went and found them a drum kit . They sat in , and when they band heard the interplay , suddenly realized they 'd been missing what they did n't realize they 'd been missing . And Mickey Hart , originally from Brooklyn , NY , was in .
Hart was a natural drummer . “ From the age of ten , ” they said , “ all I did was drum . Obsessively . Passionately . Painfully. ” Their father Lenny had been a drum champion . Alas , that was the only good thing they got from him . Lenny deserted the family . Later , reconciled , they became the Dead 's manager and ripped them off , much to Mickey 's anguish .
The band continued to expand and evolve , their jams getting longer and longer . Songs like “ Lovelight ” might stretch out to 25 minutes in concert . In early 1967 , Hunter heard the band jamming on a tune and was inspired to write lyrics . That song became “ Dark Star , ” a staple of the band 's repertoire ever since . Here it is from their seminal Live/Dead album :
Spotify link
The band had earlier moved into a house at 710 Ashbury Street in the Haight which is a mecca for Deadheads till this day . They did n't really live there the whole time , moving up into the Marin County area when things started getting a little too crowded as tourists , the press and college kids arrived .
Oh and did they ever arrive . John Phillips ( of Mamas and Papas ) wrote a song called “ San Francisco ( Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair ) . ” Sung by Scott McKenzie , the song was a huge hit . And that – together with the Monterey Pop Festival and all the media attention – created the so-called Summer of Love . Reportedly , 100,000 wannabe hippies made their way to this mecca of the counterculture .
CBS-TV got into the action in August of 1967 , airing their own ode to disapproval called The Hippie Temptation . ( Dead interview at about 33:00 . )
“ It is hard to figure out , ” intones the dismissive narrator , ” what they are in favor of . The word ‘ love ' gets used by them a lot . In a very aggressive and evangelical way , they praise the effect on the mind of hallucinatory drugs . The drug is extremely dangerous . It is the temptation and the danger , that we propose to examine. ” And , he 's probably thinking , save my kids from .
Another staple of the band 's huge repertoire ever since the late '60 's is the Garcia/Lesh/Hunter classic “ St . Stephen. ” Here 's a version paired with another fan favorite , “ The Eleven , ” so-called because it 's in the unusual ( for rock ) 11/8 time .
St. Stephen – Spotify
The Eleven – Spotify
Now , with Rolling Stone magazine reporting ( since November '67 ) , FM radio percolating and fan tapes circulating ( the Dead , to their lasting credit , always allowed taping ) , the band became increasingly popular . Like all working bands , they toured relentlessly and between 1967 and 1970 , released five studio albums and one live album .
In 1969 , the Dead played Woodstock . For a variety of reasons , by all accounts , this was n't one of their best gigs . In addition to being poorly grounded and getting shocked by the mics , they only had an hour to play and needed more than that to get into the groove . Plus they admitted to being more than a little frightened by the crowd size . They refused to allow their footage into the movie or songs onto the soundtrack . A recent retrospective features their version of Merle Haggard 's “ Mama Tried . ”
Later that year , the Dead were involved in organizing the disastrous Altamont concert which was in every way , the polar opposite of Woodstock . The scene was ugly and a man was killed by the Hell 's Angels who had been acting as “ security. ” In what little defense I can accord them , the guy did draw a gun .
In 1970 , the Dead released two albums of acoustic music , Workingman 's Dead and American Beauty . Some might argue that they jumped on the Americana bandwagon started by The Band in 1969 . But they themselves admitted that Crosby , Stills and Nash were more of an inspiration .
And given their folk/bluegrass leanings , this was just the Dead going back to their roots . Garcia said they thought of this version of the Dead as “ a wing of the Buck Owens/Merle Haggard/Bakersfield school of country-western . ”
A perennial favorite is “ Uncle John 's Band. ” Is that a self-referential title ?
Well the first days are the hardest days , do n't you worry anymore ,
Cause when life looks like easy street , there is danger at your door .
Think this through with me , let me know your mind ,
Whoa , oh , what I want to know , is are you kind ?
Spotify link ( studio version )
And I can hardly do a Dead series without mentioning “ Truckin ' , which , in part , details their bust in New Orleans . And is , of course , the first recorded instance of the expression ” long , strange , trip . ”
Spotify link
I should acknowledge here that , yes , America was embroiled in a war in Vietnam during these years . The Dead tended to avoid making political statements , feeling that their job was to be musicians . But they always supported what they felt to be the right causes at a local and national level .
Next ( and final ) post – The band trucks across several decades , gains fans , loses key members . And says Fare Thee Well .
Sources : A Long Strange Trip : The Inside History of the Grateful Dead . Dennis McNally ; Wikipedia ; various fan sites .
Editor 's Note :
Weird Trick Adds $ 1,000 to Your Social Security Checks
Editor 's Note :
Weird Trick Adds $ 1,000 to Your Social Security Checks
Harvard Law professor Alan Dershowitz says the prosecutors in the George Zimmerman murder trial should be charged with `` prosecutorial misconduct '' for suggesting the defendant planned the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin . `` That is something no prosecutor should be allowed to get away with … to make up a story from whole cloth , '' Dershowitz told `` The Steve Malzberg Show '' on Newsmax TV . `` These prosecutors should be disbarred . They have acted absolutely irresponsibly in an utterly un-American fashion . `` Zimmerman , a 29-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer , is charged with gunning down Martin , 17 , as the two fought following a confrontation in the gated Sanford , Fla. , community where Zimmerman lives — an act the defendant said was in self-defense.In the prosecution 's final argument on Friday , lawyer John Guy said Zimmerman deliberately followed Martin and `` shot them because they wanted to . `` Dershowitz called Guy 's statement `` such speculation . How do they get into the mind of Zimmerman ? They have n't cross-examined him , they have n't met him . `` To ask the jury to believe that is to ask the jury to convict based on complete and utter speculation and that 's not the way the law operates . `` A day earlier , prosecutor Bernie de la Rionda said Zimmerman — whom they labeled a `` wannabe cop '' — `` followed '' and `` tracked '' Martin after profiling them as a criminal.Dershowitz said not only should Zimmerman have not been charged with second-degree murder , but prosecutors should not have pushed to have manslaughter and child abuse added to the list of possible jury verdicts . `` [ It 's ] utterly irresponsible . … The idea that the prosecution can try the case on a murder theory and then , at the last minute , substitute manslaughter , even though it seems to be permitted generally under Florida law — it 's a big mistake to allow it in a case like this , ” they said . `` And then the very idea of even suggesting child abuse in a case like this is so irresponsible . `` Dershowitz praised the closing argument of defense lawyer Mark O'Mara . `` He did the right thing by being methodical and factual because this is a case where the prosecution 's case is all emotion and the defense case is all factual , '' the famed civil-rights lawyer said . `` Emotionally , obviously everybody can identify with a young , unarmed 17-year-old who ends up dead , and emotionally , as President [ Barack ] Obama said , he 's all of our children . `` Dershowitz — whose clients have included Claus von Bulow , Mike Tyson , Patricia Hearst , and former televangelist Jim Bakker — said the case has `` reasonable doubt '' written all over it . `` Nobody knows who started the initial physical encounter , who threw the first blow — and if you do n't know that you have to have a reasonable doubt , '' they said . `` Nobody knows for sure who screamed , 'Help me , help me . ' You have to have a reasonable doubt about that . Nobody knows for sure who was on top and who was on bottom , though the overwhelming forensic evidence suggests that Zimmerman was on the bottom having their head banged by a younger , stronger man . You have to have reasonable doubt there . ''
Reta and Paul McKinlay were n't quite sure how to break the news to their grandchildren . Their 8-month-old Yorkshire Terrier-Shih Tzu mix , Scamp , had escaped from their yard in Yelm , Wash. and was hit by a car .
Assuming Scamp was dead and waiting until morning to bury the furry friend , McKinlay wrapped them in a blanket and put them under a wheelbarrow to keep animals away from their body overnight , KOMO news reports . The pair told their tearful grandchildren , Kaiden and Chevelle , that Scamp had gone to heaven .
`` It was real sad to watch them crying over their dog and drawing pictures . We were trying not to cry , '' Reta told KOMO news .
But when Paul went to retrieve the dog the next morning for their burial , there was a surprise waiting for him .
The dog was sitting up , breathing , and very much alive .
After $ 3,000 of veterinarian bills from Olympia Pet Emergency , Rita McKinlay told The Olympian they felt confident enough of the dog 's good health to tell their grandchildren that their puppy would live .
For Reta , the experience spoke to the meaning of Christmas :
Doctors in New York state can now prescribe medical marijuana for patients with chronic pain , after a new regulation took effect in March .
New York has some of the strictest medical marijuana laws in the country and does not allow smoking or edible medical marijuana products . This new regulation , however , is an attempt by the state to bolster its medical marijuana program , which according to The Poughkeepsie Journal , has struggled to register patients and prescribers .
“ Improving patient access to medical marijuana continues to be one of our top priorities , as it has been since the launch of the program , ” said Howard Zucker , the state 's health commissioner , in a statement . “ These key enhancements further that goal . ”
With the passage of the new regulation , the state has also expanded the eligibility for medical practitioners to prescribe medical marijuana to their patients . Previously , the state only allowed licensed physicians to prescribe the drug , but now allows nurse practitioners and physician 's assistants to prescribe . However , the medical practitioners must still take a Department of Health-approved course on medical marijuana before becoming certified , the DOH said in a statement .
Over 900 practitioners have been registered for the NYS Medical Marijuana Program and over 15,000 patients had been certified by their practitioners as of March 28 , according to the DOH . In the U.S. , 28 states and the District of Columbia have legalized medical marijuana , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Cancer , HIV infection and AIDS , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Parkinson 's disease , among other things , are already qualifying conditions , according to the Department of Health 's website .
Although the law has relaxed on eligibility for medical marijuana consumption , advocates say it is still not enough .
“ I believe the laws are way too restrictive . We prescribe medications that have way more negative effects on the body than what cannabinoids have on the body , ” said Anthony Baney , a volunteer at Western New York National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws . They are also a candidate running for the Erie County Legislature .
Baney said they believe the expansion of the program to cover patients with chronic pain is a positive move by the state , but added that they think the state could do more to expand marijuana legalization .
Full marijuana legalization , though , will unlikely be on the Legislature 's table for quite some time , Kristi Andersen , professor emeritus of political science at Syracuse University , said . There is not much of a push in the Legislature for total legalization of marijuana , they said .
New York does not have a referendum system similar to western states such as Washington or Colorado , Andersen added . Because of that , it is unlikely that New York would expand marijuana legalization via a ballot measure , they said .
Colorado was one of the first states to authorize medical marijuana use and then became the first state , alongside Washington , to authorize recreational marijuana for adults over the age of 21 .
Abbey Borchers , deputy director of Colorado Gov . John Hickenlooper 's Office of Marijuana Coordination , said the state 's constituents were looking for a criminal justice alternative to the war on drugs .
After legalization , the state 's arrests and citations for possession or consumption of marijuana privately by people ages 21 and older have decreased 81 percent from 2012 to 2015 , they said .
Recreational marijuana pays for itself , but it is only “ a drop in the bucket ” of the state 's $ 27 billion budget , Borchers said . The money made from recreational marijuana goes toward abuse prevention campaigns , regulation and mitigating any negative outcomes from legalization , they said .
“ It has n't just imploded with bad outcomes , ” Borchers said .
The South Korean capital , Seoul , is among the world 's most polluted cities , so it 's no surprise that air pollution was one of the key campaign issues for the newly elected president , Moon Jae-in .
That 's why , on their fifth day in power , Moon has announced that the country will temporarily shutter 10 coal power plants now and will shut them down completely within their five-year term . The move should bring respite from the choking air pollution , but it raises questions about South Korea 's energy security .
By 2060 , air pollution may kill as many as 9 million people worldwide each year , according to an OECD report , and South Korea is expected to suffer the most deaths among the world 's richer countries . Koreans commonly complain that coal-crazy China was to blame for its pollution problem , as the smog drifted over the Yellow Sea . But its own coal power plants are partly too blame , too .
Nuclear power 's contribution to South Korea 's mix has fallen from 40 % to 30 % over the last 10 years , as plants have been decommissioned over safety issues . To make up for the fall , the contribution of coal has shot up to 40 % ( paywall ) . The country operates 53 coal-power plants , and plans to build another 20 in the next five years .
Coal is the dirtiest fossil fuel . New coal power plants are likely to be more efficient and produce less particulate pollution than old ones . But if South Korea wants a more robust solution to its air pollution problem , it will have to look to increase the contribution of low-carbon sources such as solar and wind from a paltry 8 % of its energy mix . Currently , the country ranks the lowest for renewable energy use among the 35 members of the OECD , a club of mostly rich countries .
Reducing calorie intake could help slow aging and deter chronic disease in mammals , a new study shows .
The study , conducted on female mice by neuroscientists ant the NYU Langone Medical Center , suggests that restricting diets affects hundreds of genes linked to aging and memory formation . Cutting back on food by 30 percent virtually stopped the expression of those genes , the researchers said .
Previous studies found a dietary impacts on one or two genes , while this study analyzed the impact on more than 10,000 , said professor Stephen D. Ginsberg , who was senior study investigator .
Ginsberg , in a written statement , cautioned that calorie restriction was not “ the fountain of youth ” but did “ add evidence for the role of diet in delaying the effects of aging and aging-related disease . ”
For the study , researchers fed female mice – which are more prone to dementia than males – 30 percent fewer calories from a carbohydrate diet than those fed to other mice .
The scientists then analyzed tissue from the animals ' hippocampal region , which is critical to memory and the part of the brain first affected by Alzheimer 's tissue . They found that longterm calorie restriction suppressed the age-dependent activity of 882 genes in the hippocampal region .
The researchers said the “ mosaic of molecular changes ” responsible for the protective properties was not yet understood .
The study was presented Monday at the annual meeting of the Society for Neuroscience in at Washington , D.C. 's convention center .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
ON FEBRUARY 1st , the day that Ted Cruz defeated Donald Trump in the Republican caucus in Iowa , Google 's parent company , Alphabet , won a contest of its own , vaulting past its longtime rival , Apple , to become the most valuable listed company in the world by market capitalisation . Alphabet supporters are chuffed with the firm 's strong quarterly earnings and new corporate structure , announced last August . This was the first time Alphabet has shared more information about the performance of the firm 's “ moonshot ” projects , such as self-driving cars and Nest smart thermostats . In 2015 , these projects ( ie , not including the core advertising business , Google ) had an operating loss of around $ 3.6 billion—a hefty figure but less than some analysts had feared .
Alphabet is now predominantly an advertising firm , but it is selling a story about its ability to change and become more things to more people . Its believers think the firm will turn at least one of its moonshot projects into a significant earner of profits . The firm has a history of adeptly repositioning itself : it purchased Android in 2005 and YouTube in 2006 , which helped it profit from the rise of smartphones and online video . It is also a leader in artificial intelligence , an important area of investment for internet firms today , with applications in everything from autonomous cars to photo-recognition , as well as in Google 's original internet-search business .
President Obama , trolling at the White House in March 2014 .
Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images
How do I get you to pay attention to this story ? I could type out a balanced tale about an incremental change in White House spin and message control , relying on your discernment , patience , and kindness toward all the creatures of the Earth . Or , I could say that Barack Obama is a cynical and manipulative liar . The first approach would get a modest number of thoughtful readers , but they probably would n't stay on the page very long . The second would excite the emotions . Conservatives would approve . Liberals would denounce it and point out the exaggerations . My editor would smile because the controversy would attract more readers .
This is trolling . I 've decided against it , but the White House has not . CBS 's Major Garrett writes in National Journal about a new version of the “ stray voltage ” theory of communication in which the president purposefully overstates their case knowing that it will create controversy . Garrett describes it this way : “ Controversy sparks attention , attention provokes conversation , and conversation embeds previously unknown or marginalized ideas in the public consciousness . ”
The issue last week was the pay gap between men and women . The president issued executive orders to address the disparity , and Democrats pushed legislation in Congress . In making the case , the president and White House advisers used a figure they knew to be imprecise and controversial—a Census Bureau statistic that the median wages of working women in America are 77 percent of median wages earned by men .
Under this approach , a president wants the fact-checkers to call them out ( again and again ) because that hubbub keeps the issue in the news , which is good for promoting the issue to the public . It is the political equivalent of “ there is no such thing as bad publicity ” or the quote attributed to Mae West ( and others ) : “ I do n't care what the newspapers say about me as long as they spell my name right. ” The tactic represents one more step in the embrace of cynicism that has characterized President Obama 's journey in office .
Officials in every White House crowbar the facts to make their cases . Administration officials over time have also learned how to turn lemons into lemonade , harnessing the frenzied news coverage from a perceived White House miscue to the president 's advantage . Losing the news cycles between 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. does n't necessarily matter ; if by the end of the saga you 've got a coherent story to pitch , the frenzy has simply given you a larger audience who will listen to it . “ Stray voltage , ” the term Obama strategist David Plouffe used to describe this approach , is also a great buzzword that makes it look like you 've got a theory for what might otherwise look like chaos . But this twist is a new , higher order of deception : creating the controversy for the purposes of milking it .
Facts , schmacts . As long as people are talking about an issue where my party has an advantage with voters , it 's good . So , the theory goes , if I 'm a Republican candidate , I benefit from conversations about budget deficits and spending restraint because voters trust Republicans more on the issue of the budget and spending restraint , and it excites Republican voters who care about those issues . Democrats have several reasons to keep stories about equal-pay equity in the news . It excites their voters , attracts female voters , and crowds out whatever the Republicans wanted to talk about ( these days , Obamacare ) . It also sets a trap . The more Republicans have to talk about politically unfavorable issues , the greater chance they 'll slip up and say something dumb like candidates Todd Akin and Richard Mourdock did that can be exploited more broadly .
Even if I 've overstated the issue , more voters will hear that Democrats are fighting to pay women equally than will hear that the problem is overstated . Even if Ruth Marcus labels the effort “ revolting demagoguery , ” it does n't matter . In fact , equal-pay stories that create more controversy cycles about stories rooted in equal pay are just more opportunities for people to hear the words equal pay . See that ? Equal pay .
That may or may not work with voters . It 's usually associated with the planned cynicism of campaigns , where if your attack ad is n't getting four Pinocchios , you 're doing it wrong . In governing , there is usually a policy process that puts a brake on using bad numbers . Presidents also worry that people wo n't think they are honest and trustworthy if they keep using facts that do n't pan out . But we are in a campaign year in which Democrats are struggling to find an issue they can use as a weapon against Republicans who have the upper hand .
After President Obama took office , their campaign book The Audacity of Hope receded into their past fast . Its sweet , naive , bipartisan “ let 's reason together ” passages fell away , too . As experience and a determined opposition forced the president to act , their former passages started to read like something a first-year student senator would write , then a college graduate , and then a college first-year student . With the notion of “ stray voltage ” in mind , the passages read like they 're from a precocious high-schooler chiding the press for treating facts so loosely that the cumulative effect is to “ erode any agreed-upon standards for judging the truth. ” It is a pity , writes the author , that politicians prey on press conflict by feeding misleading storylines . “ It rewards not those who are right , but those—like the White House press office—who can make their arguments most loudly , most frequently , most obstinately , and with the best backdrop . ”
For over three decades now , Gallery Furniture owner Jim McIngvale ( who you may know as “ Mattress Mack ” ) has made a name for themselves in Houston by helping families in need . This year though , their holiday giveaway will be a little more special .
In a video posted to the company 's Facebook page shortly before Thanksgiving , McIngvale announced that he 's giving 30 Houston area families an entire houseful of furniture for free . It 's no secret , of course , that this has been a trying year for Houston . Hurricane Harvey ravaged the city , and the resulting flooding displaced thousands .
But the giveaway is n't limited to just families affected by Hurricane Harvey . “ Whether the family was affected by Hurricane Harvey , ” McIngvale said , “ whether they had a fire in their house or apartment , or whether they had a financial setback and they need a breath of fresh air or a fresh start , we want to know about people in Houston and the surrounding areas who are need of a helping hand. ” In short , any family that 's in need is eligible to get assistance , as long as they 're in the Houston area .
Giving back to their community certainly is n't new territory for McIngvale , but this year was an unprecedented one . They opened their stores to shelter victims of Hurricane Harvey , they flew several families to World Series games , they gave away free food on Thanksgiving , they gave away mattresses and furniture to first responders and veterans and even gave fans over $ 10 million in rebates on furniture when the Astros won it all .
If you know of someone that could use a helping hand , be it a family member , a teacher , or even yourself , send an e-mail to Mack 's personal e-mail address at [ email protected ] The families chosen to receive furniture will be contacted sometime in the first few weeks of December .
Moving to Russia ? Get ready to answer some questions about Soviet dictator Josef Stalin first . And beef up on your knowledge of Crimea while you are at it .
A proposed Russian immigration test requires foreigners seeking work permits or residency in Russia to answer questions about Russia 's annexation of Crimea last year and Stalin 's rule , a draft of the exam published by Russian media Monday indicates . The test could be rolled out in July to replace a less complicated exam that includes questions on Russian language , law and history .
New immigration restrictions increase the minimum vocabulary requirement to 1,250 words from the current 950 . Questions on Russia 's history include : “ In which century did Crimea join Russia under Catherine the Great ? ” The answer , of course , is the 18th century , nine years after the peninsula gained a degree of independence amid the Russo-Turkish wars .
The exam also asks about Irina Rodnina , a three-time Olympic figure-skating champion , and the name of the leader of the Soviet Union during World War II . Stalin is the correct response .
Applicants for work permits must answer 60 percent of questions correctly . Applicants for resident status must get 75 percent of the test correct , the Moscow Times reported . Roughly 440,000 foreigners have taken the test since it became mandatory this year .
Russia celebrated its `` reunification '' with Crimea in March . The European Union , Ukraine and the United States opposed the annexation .
`` On this one-year anniversary of the sham 'referendum ' in Crimea , held in clear violation of Ukrainian law and the Ukrainian constitution , the United States reiterates its condemnation of a vote that was not voluntary , transparent or democratic . We do not , nor will we , recognize Russia 's attempted annexation and call on President Putin to end their country 's occupation of Crimea , '' the U.S. State Department said in a statement last month .
`` Over the last year , the human rights situation in Crimea has deteriorated dramatically , with mounting repression of minority communities and faiths , in particular Crimean Tatars , and systematic denial of fundamental freedoms . Local residents have been detained , interrogated and disappeared , and NGOs and independent media have been driven out of the peninsula . These brutalities are unacceptable and we call on Russia to stop further abuses . ''
Gary Locke is a master of caricature drawings and has had their work featured in publications from Sports Illustrated to Time Magazine . Despite the fact that Gary is an avid listener of Rush Limbaugh & Sean Hannity ( still waiting on the water boarding Sean ) we can set politics aside and focus on the drawings and Gary 's awesome natural abilities .
Inspirational Work 01
Full View
Inspirational Work 02
Full View
Inspirational Work 03
Full View
Inspirational Work 04
Full View
Inspirational Work 05
Full View
Inspirational Work 06
Full View
Inspirational Work 07
Full View
Inspirational Work 08
Full View
Inspirational Work 09
Full View
Inspirational Work 10
Full View
Inspirational Work 11
Full View
Inspirational Work 12
Full View
Inspirational Work 13
Full View
Inspirational Work 14
Full View
Inspirational Work 15
Full View
Inspirational Work 16
Full View
Inspirational Work 17
Full View
Inspirational Work 18
Full View
abc
Inspirational Work 19
Full View
Inspirational Work 20
Full View
Inspirational Work 21
Full View
Inspirational Work 22
Full View
Inspirational Work 23
Full View
Inspirational Work 24
Full View
Inspirational Work 25
Full View
Inspirational Work 26
Full View
Inspirational Work 27
Full View
Inspirational Work 28
Full View
Inspirational Work 29
Full View
Inspirational Work 30
Full View
Inspirational Work 31
Full View
Inspirational Work 32
Full View
Inspirational Work 33
Full View
Inspirational Work 34
Full View
Inspirational Work 35
Full View
Inspirational Work 36
Full View
Inspirational Work 37
Full View
Link To Their Portfolios
Portfolio
HTC calls out Apple for competing in courts , not on products
HTC has officially commented on yesterday 's news that Apple has added a fresh batch of patent infringement allegations to the ongoing legal action between the two companies , telling SlashGear that it “ vehemently denies ” all of Apple 's claims . “ HTC is dismayed ” the company 's general counsel , Grace Lei says , “ that Apple has resorted to competition in the courts rather than the marketplace. ” As expected , the second set of claims detail HTC 's more recent devices , including the EVO 4G and HTC Flyer tablet .
Patent law specialist Florian Mueller has dug out the full list of devices Apple has cited , and it 's basically a summary of the models HTC has released to the market prior to the fresh range announced at MWC 2011 in February . That means the original 2010 Desire is on the list , but not the newer Desire S variant , and nor is the HTC Sensation . The addition of the Flyer means for the first time an HTC tablet has been included , though since it 's HTC 's first slate since the Shift several years ago , that comes as little surprise . The full list is below .
According to Apple 's filing , there are five patents included in the new suit : “ application programming interfaces for scrolling operations ” ( 7,844,915 ) ; “ list scrolling and document translation , scaling , and rotation on a touch-screen display ” ( 7,469,381 ) ; “ programmable tactile touch screen displays and man-machine interfaces for improved vehicle instrumentation and telematics ” ( 7,084,859 ) ; “ double-sided touch-sensitive panel with shield and drive combined layer ” ( 7,920,129 ) ; and “ portable computers ” ( 6,956,564 ) .
“ HTC is dismayed that Apple has resorted to competition in the courts rather than the marketplace , ” said Grace Lei , general counsel , HTC Corporation . “ HTC continues to vehemently deny all of Apple 's past and present claims against it and will continue to protect and defend its own intellectual property as it has already done this year . ”
HTC has promised to defend both this and previous claims against it , though has not specified whether it intends to file any counter-suit against Apple itself .
Smartphones
HTC Droid Incredible
HTC Droid Incredible 2
HTC Wildfire
HTC T-Mobile mytouch 3G
HTC T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide
HTC T-Mobile G1
HTC T-Mobile G2
HTC Evo 4G
HTC Aria
HTC Desire
HTC Hero
HTC Merge
HTC Inspire 4G
HTC Evo 4G
HTC Thunderbolt
HTC Thunderbolt 4G
Tablet computer
The low-cost Raspberry Pi Linux computer is set to become available for purchase later this month for $ 35 . The firm behind the budget computer announced on Monday that the first batch of boards will enter manufacturing on February 20th and will be available at the end of the month . The single-board computer is equipped with a 700MHz processor , 256MB of RAM , SD card support and both HDMI and RCA outputs . Despite the low cost and small size — which is roughly equal to a credit card — the Raspberry Pi computer is powerful enough to run games such as Quake III Arena and power 1080p video , however the company intends for the device to be used in schools to teach the basics of computer science . A second Raspberry Pi model with 128MB of RAM will be released for $ 25 at a later date .
Read
Former member of congress Donna Edwards holds a town hall meeting with labor activists at the headquarters of UFCW Local 400 in Hyattsville on July 19 . Union members have tried to draft Edwards to run for Prince George 's County executive . ( Astrid Riecken/For The Washington Post )
Former member of congress Donna F. Edwards will run for Prince George 's county executive , a first foray into local politics for the progressive populist who lost a bid for the U.S. Senate in spring 2016 .
Grass-roots activists had been pushing Edwards to compete for the 2018 Democratic nomination since April . State Sen. C. Anthony Muse ( D ) and Prince George 's State 's Attorney Angela Alsobrooks ( D ) , as well as former Obama administration official Paul Monteiro , are also seeking the Democratic nomination to lead Maryland 's second-largest jurisdiction .
Edwards made their announcement Thursday on social media .
`` I am an independent ­decision-maker , '' Edwards said in a YouTube video . `` We 're going to create a government that is transparent , that is open , that is accessible . That way our county will be more competitive in the region , and the voters , the people who live in Prince George 's County , the businesses that want to operate in the county have confidence that we 're going to do the right thing . ''
The decision to enter the race comes after months of conversations with family , elected officials , members of the business community and union leaders .
`` There are some people who just want to be elected ; I 'm not one of those people , '' Edwards said during a recent interview . `` I want to be county executive because I believe on the ground , in the communities , you can actually do some really great things that will benefit people and will make a difference . ''
Edwards was introduced to local politics nearly two decades ago as a community activist opposed to the original plans for National Harbor in southern Prince George 's County . A lawyer who struggled early in their career with student debt and poverty , they co-founded the National Network to End Domestic Violence before becoming executive director of a foundation that handed out grants to progressive causes .
In 2008 , Edwards defeated longtime incumbent Rep. Albert R. Wynn ( D-Md . ) in the Democratic primary and then won their seat in Congress .
Edwards , 59 , said their background as a community activist , their work in the nonprofit and for-profit sectors , and their time in Congress have provided them with a unique experience that will serve them well as county executive .
`` I believe that I have a history of both service and work that is exactly the breadth of experience and work that a county executive needs , '' Edwards said . `` I 'm not a one-trick pony . ''
The first African American woman elected to Congress from Maryland , they branded themselves as an unflinching progressive who brings their perspective as a black woman to political arenas dominated by white men .
Donna F. Edwards . ( Astrid Riecken/For The Washington Post )
Edwards had the backing of national groups such as Emily 's List and Democracy for America in the 2016 Senate primary . They blamed their loss to then-Rep. Chris Van Hollen on what they called a lack of support for candidates of color from the state 's Democratic establishment .
But some Democrats said they were supporting Van Hollen because they believed Edwards had not provided strong constituent services or logged significant legislative accomplishments while in office .
Even as they weighed whether to run for county executive , Edwards continued to speak out on national issues . They appeared on `` Fox News Sunday '' this week to discuss issues including the devastation in Puerto Rico , the meaning of Colin Kaepernick taking a knee and infighting among Republican leadership . On the program , they said Kaepernick 's actions were meant to draw attention to police brutality and injustices against black Americans .
`` It did n't have to do with dishonoring the flag , disrespecting the country , '' they said .
Addressing a crowded union hall in Landover in July , Edwards spoke about economic development , schools and responsive governance in Prince George 's County . They described being stopped at a pharmacy by a woman who said changes to their trash pickup schedule left their garbage can overflowing for days after a family gathering .
`` When elected leadership does n't understand how people live their lives and provide the basic kinds of services , the little things can start to get on your nerves , '' Edwards said . `` If they . . . believes that I can do something about picking up their trash , then they will trust me to do the stuff that 's really hard . ''
Edwards , who grew up in a military family , has lived in Prince George 's County for 35 years . Them decision to enter the race , they said , is about being `` productive and contributory in the place that I call home . ''
County Executive Rushern L. Baker III ( D ) , in office since 2010 , is term-limited and running for governor . Among the candidates to succeed him , Muse has spent more than 20 years in Annapolis and lost a race for county executive in 2002 . Alsobrooks , the state 's attorney since 2011 , has been building support for years and is running on a three-pronged pledge of `` safe communities , a strong and vibrant commercial tax base , and quality education . ''
Edwards , who has had strong support from Prince George 's voters in their previous runs for Congress , said they plan to focus their campaign on improving the school system and increasing jobs by growing the economy and `` capitalizing on the county 's technology assets . ''
Sacramento Kings center DeMarcus Cousins should miss another week to 10 days . ( Photo : Troy Taormina , USA TODAY Sports )
Sacramento Kings center DeMarcus Cousins has missed the past five games with a case of viral meningitis and continues to recover slowly , according to two people with knowledge of the situation .
The people spoke to USA TODAY Sports on the condition of anonymity because the team had not detailed the initial diagnosis .
The Kings announced Wednesday that Cousins had been treated at a local hospital for a viral infection and that they would miss this weekend 's games against the Indiana Pacers and Orlando Magic .
But while the possibility was left open that they could return on Monday against the Utah Jazz , it 's now more likely that they would attempt to resume basketball activities later in the week is expected to miss at least another seven to 10 days .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , meningitis is `` an inflammation of the tissue that covers the brain and spinal cord . ''
The symptoms are often similar to those that come from influenza , and full recovery of viral meningitis typically takes seven to 10 days without treatment .
Cousins ' absence has put a serious damper on the Kings ' surprising season , as they were playing at an MVP-caliber level before turning ill and Sacramento ( 10-10 ) has gone just 1-4 since they last played on Nov. 26 . Cousins was averaging 23.5 points and an NBA-best 12.6 rebounds through 15 games .
Armor And Anxiety : Tony Stark Is The New Captain America
Enlarge this image toggle caption Marvel/Walt Disney Pictures Marvel/Walt Disney Pictures
Meet Tony Stark at the opening of Iron Man 3 : insanely wealthy , possessed of every toy , and traumatized by an attack on New York that has left them restless , anxious , belligerent , and given to both hunker-down security measures and fate-tempting swagger . They declare their total lack of fear , then builds the fortress walls higher .
Let 's step back .
The most important scenes in last summer 's The Avengers took place between Tony Stark and Steve Rogers — Iron Man and Captain America , although their true identities are crossed over , such that the real beings involved are the man on one side and the superhero on the other . ( This is how they acknowledge each other from their first meeting , even while they 're both suited up : `` Mr . Stark . '' `` Cap . '' ) Cap represents the most traditional ideas about American exceptionalism — there 's a wonderfully economical exchange in which Black Widow warns Cap that Thor and Loki are `` basically gods , '' and Cap says , `` There 's only one God , ma'am , and I 'm pretty sure they do n't dress like that . '' It 's a line in which they manage to come out in favor of monotheism , chivalry , and machismo in 14 words , right before they jump fearlessly out of a plane .
( Of course , one could reasonably ask how Cap thinks God does dress , given that Thor and Loki 's long hair and flowing robes are actually pretty similar to traditional Judeo-Christian iconography , but Cap gets their point across : Thor and Loki dress silly . God dresses like ... well , a man . )
Stark represents a much newer mythology of American might : They get their power from earned egotism , unchecked capitalism , and entrepreneurial genius . Cap 's military-made respect for authority ( `` We have orders , we should follow them '' ) impresses Stark not at all ( `` Following 's not really my style '' ) , and Cap in turn has no use for Stark 's slick , wise-guy self-regard ( `` And you 're all about style , are n't you ? '' ) . Cap 's accusation in their climactic argument is that Stark is all weaponry and no character ( `` Take that off , [ and ] what are you ? `` ) ; Stark 's defense is that inside the suit , they apologize for nothing , because he 's hit all four fundamentals of the Successful American Man . They call themselves a `` genius billionaire playboy philanthropist , '' meaning they have brains , money , women and respectability . Cap cares about the common good ; Stark argues that the purity of their self-interest works just as well for everyone .
The ultimate resolution of the conflict in The Avengers is essentially a draw . The film posits that both can work and both are needed , as are Hulk 's distilled fury and Thor 's connection to everything otherworldly and ancient . But while the message might seem inexact , the ending is pure Joss Whedon : Like all their hero stories , it moves to a rhythm of sacrifice and Pyrrhic victories , followed by a bruised effort to regroup . As we look at New York at the end of the film , after it is `` saved , '' it 's Cap who somberly says , `` We won , '' and Stark who weakly says , `` All right , yaaaay . All right , good job , guys . '' The city is devastated . A lot of people are dead .
The story of Iron Man 3 could have been told with no reference to the events of The Avengers at all . Aldrich Killian ( Guy Pearce ) has come up with a classic medical MacGuffin : an intervention with theoretically therapeutic potential that becomes evil in the wrong hands . ( See also : The Amazing Spider-Man , to name only one recent example . ) Stark must find them and stop him . Alone , it 's not much of a story .
What creates the film 's complexity , though , are its continuing interest in the conflict from The Avengers and its use of Stark to say pretty provocative things about the American psyche . Their panic attacks brought on by what they saw in battle — in fact , the words `` New York '' are nearly adequate to induce them — are crippling , he 's building unmanned weapons they ca n't entirely control , and their conviction that they should speak fearlessly and invite whoever cares to confront them to do so is at odds with their fear that their vulnerabilities ( and those of the people they love ) will be exposed . When the battle is brought home to them in a couple of ways , they confront exactly what Cap asked him : `` Take that off , what are you ? ''
Which , according to a strong undercurrent of our cultural conversation about old heroes versus new ones , is pretty much what a guy who fought in World War II might say about Google Glass .
Of course , Stark 's mastery of the universe is signaled most of all by their extraordinary wealth . It is a given in American films about wealth that they who has nothing must rise ( provided he 's deserving ) and they who has everything must fall ( unless he 's deserving ) . The original Iron Man is about Stark proving he 's worthy of their wealth , which meant they could keep it . Here , in the film 's middle section , Stark 's arrogance — mixed with moments in which they were callous and cruel — takes them from a man who has everything to a man who , at least temporarily , has nothing .
If Tony Stark in The Avengers still had a dollop of our pre-recession , tech-bubble cockiness , this is the story where they are brought low and has to start over . Five minutes after they were using their fancy suit to fly , they are pulling it through the snow on a rope ; their reliance on technology goes from blessing to burden in an instant . ( And talk about tapping into the American psyche : What fells Tony Stark is that their battery runs out of juice . ) The ungranting of powers is certainly a common superhero trope ( it happens to Thor all the time ) , but it 's a powerful image seeing Tony Stark lugging the body of Iron Man behind him .
And as they undertake this battle , part of Stark 's responsibility is to figure out who the actual enemy is . He 's been told it 's a terrorist called The Mandarin , a man with a topknot and a long beard who appears in videos to threaten the United States . But how this man is connected to Killian is initially difficult for Stark to parse , precisely because he 's susceptible to certain ingrained ideas ( which arise partly from experience ) about what terror looks and feels like , and the idea that it might not be all that it appears does n't come to them easily , despite how clever they both actually is and thinks they are .
Stark will eventually see their suits again . They will get their armor back . It 's an Iron Man movie , after all . But there is a late scene that draws an unmistakable connection between the destruction of weapons and the advancement of patriotism — between a tentative and perhaps temporary retreat from supermilitarism and a celebration of the Fourth of July . For all that Stark has accomplished , their biggest assets turn out to be a best friend in a polo shirt and jeans , the kindness of strangers , and a loving partner . Their most important power is healing . Their final acquired skill is trust , and their final act of faith is in others and in science .
The biggest difference between Stark and other superheroes , both in the Marvel universe and elsewhere , is that their goodness is not instinctive . Superman is reflexively good , Spider-Man spends their life making up for one weak moment , and Bruce Wayne often seems to be incidentally wealthy as a byproduct of their efforts to improve life for everyone . Cap was born good , Thor was born good , Bruce Banner was born good . They 're certainly not perfect — crises of conscience arise over whether these guys want to get involved . `` With great power comes great responsibility , '' and so forth .
But Stark , as Robert Downey Jr. plays him , is a reflexively selfish , self-promoting , ego-driven person with a genuine tendency toward bluster and rudeness . What fascinates about them is that the power comes first and the decision to become good comes later . They were rich and powerful before they were decent , as the opening moments of this film make clear ; they give of themselves by conscious choice , by teaching themselves a kind of ethics that do n't come naturally . They do it reluctantly , always for a complex combination of selfish and unselfish reasons . Until you hit them close to home , he 'd always rather stay out of trouble .
They are , in many ways , the new Captain America . They are friends with the other one , of course — they came to respect Cap 's brand of old-school good-doing , and was influenced by it . Steve Rogers , as the little guy who became the big guy , who went from weakling to protector and who is aghast at the idea of selfishness , still has an undeniable pull . But the biggest conversation we 're having now ? About balancing self-sacrifice and ego and capitalism , generosity and gadgetry , embracing other human beings versus shutting ourselves inside ever more advanced fortresses at every level from national security down to personal technology ? It 's pure Tony Stark .
Advertisement
There 's a hexapod tucked away inside this transforming sphere , and it may or may not have just destroyed Alderaan . Yeah , probably not , but that 's only because it 's not fully armed and operational yet . BWAHAHAHAHA !
I 'd say that this little guy , designed by Zenta ( who we 've featured before ) , would do pretty well at one of those Hexapod dance-off competitions even without the addition of any costumes or silly hats . We 're not sure if it 's ever going to turn into a kit , but just keep in mind that it uses a wallet-busting 25 separate servos , so you 'd better start saving now . And win the lottery . A few times . And , as if transforming from a hexapod into a sphere and back again was n't enough , the plan is to teach MorpHex how to roll itself along the ground . After you . With giant death lasers . *
[ Zenta ] via [ Robots Dreams ]
* Giant death lasers sold separately .
Following a comprehensive flight test programme , the A321neo powered by Pratt & Whitney 's PurePower PW1100G-JM engines received joint Type Certification from the European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) and the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) on 15th December 2016 .
The documents were respectively signed by EASA 's Certification Director Trevor Woods and by Jeffrey Duven , FAA Manager of the Transport Airplane Directorate - Aircraft Certification Service . Both certificates were handed over to Airbus Executive Vice President Programmes , Didier Evrard , and Airbus Senior Vice President A320 Family Programme , Klaus Roewe .
“ The A321neo allows airlines to upsize their fleets while offering a winning combination of unbeatable economics and comfort . This aircraft contributes already some 40 per cent to our single aisle deliveries , and further growing , ” said Fabrice Brégier , Airbus President and CEO . ” Today 's certification is a rewarding tribute to all the teams who have been instrumental in making this essential milestone happen . ”
The A321neo – the largest member of the A320neo Family - successfully completed a certification programme accumulating over 350 flight hours in more than 130 flights ; validating its airframe and systems well beyond their design limits to ensure the aircraft successfully meets all airworthiness criteria . The campaign also confirmed the aircraft is meeting its performance targets in terms of fuel burn and range . Offering significant environmental benefits , including a smaller noise footprint , the aircraft also demonstrated excellent low speed performance capabilities for its operators .
The Pratt & Whitney powered aircraft is the first variant of the A321neo to have received EASA and FAA Type Certification . The A321neo with CFM International LEAP-1A engines will be certified in the coming months .
The A320neo Family is the world 's best-selling single aisle product line with over 4,800 orders from 89 customers , capturing 60 percent share of the market . Thanks to their wide cabin , all members of the A320neo Family offer an unmatched passenger experience in all classes and Airbus ' 18 ” wide seats in economy as standard .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Airport authorities say the plane 's last owners were `` international '' and not Malaysian
Officials at Malaysia 's main airport have taken out a newspaper advert seeking the owner of three Boeing 747 jets they say have been left unclaimed .
The notice said if the owners `` fail to collect the aircraft within 14 days ... , we reserve the right to sell or otherwise dispose of the aircraft '' .
It said fees for landing and parking were also owed .
An airport official was quoted as saying they had tried to contact the jets ' last known owners .
`` I do n't know why they are not responding . There could be many reasons . Sometimes it could be because they have no money to continue operations , '' Zainol Mohd Isa , general manager of Malaysia Airports , told AFP .
They added that in the past decade a few other planes , mostly smaller aircraft , have been abandoned , with one that was left in the 1990s eventually being bought and turned into a restaurant in a Kuala Lumpur suburb .
The notice gave the planes ' registration numbers as TF-ARM , TF-ARN , and TF-ARH .
Officials say if no payment is received by 21 December , the planes will be auctioned off or sold for scrap to recoup the outstanding charges .
This artist 's rendering showing a cutaway view into the interior of Saturn 's moon Enceladus .
NASA 's Cassini spacecraft will sample the ocean of Saturn 's moon Enceladus on Wednesday , Oct. 28 , when it flies through the moon 's plume of icy spray .
Cassini launched in 1997 and entered orbit around Saturn in 2004 . Since then , it has been studying the huge planet , its rings and its magnetic field . Here are some things to know about the mission 's upcoming close flyby of Enceladus :
-- Enceladus is an icy moon of Saturn . Early in its mission , Cassini discovered Enceladus has remarkable geologic activity , including a towering plume of ice , water vapor and organic molecules spraying from its south polar region . Cassini later determined the moon has a global ocean and likely hydrothermal activity , meaning it could have the ingredients needed to support simple life .
-- The flyby will be Cassini 's deepest-ever dive through the Enceladus plume , which is thought to come from the ocean below . The spacecraft has flown closer to the surface of Enceladus before , but never this low directly through the active plume .
-- The flyby is not intended to detect life , but it will provide powerful new insights about how habitable the ocean environment is within Enceladus .
-- Cassini scientists are hopeful the flyby will provide insights about how much hydrothermal activity -- that is , chemistry involving rock and hot water -- is occurring within Enceladus . This activity could have important implications for the potential habitability of the ocean for simple forms of life . The critical measurement for these questions is the detection of molecular hydrogen by the spacecraft .
-- Scientists also expect to better understand the chemistry of the plume as a result of the flyby . The low altitude of the encounter is , in part , intended to afford Cassini greater sensitivity to heavier , more massive molecules , including organics , than the spacecraft has observed during previous , higher-altitude passes through the plume .
-- The flyby will help solve the mystery of whether the plume is composed of column-like , individual jets , or sinuous , icy curtain eruptions -- or a combination of both . The answer would make clearer how material is getting to the surface from the ocean below .
-- Researchers are not sure how much icy material the plumes are actually spraying into space . The amount of activity has major implications for how long Enceladus might have been active .
An online toolkit for all three final Enceladus flybys is available at :
https : //science.nasa.gov/toolkits/enceladus-final-flybys
The flyby page is available at :
http : //saturn.jpl.nasa.gov/mission/flybys/enceladus20151028
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , ESA ( European Space Agency ) and the Italian Space Agency . JPL manages the mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
For more information about Cassini , visit :
http : //www.nasa.gov/cassini
https : //saturn.jpl.nasa.gov
Preston Dyches
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
818-354-7013
preston.dyches @ jpl.nasa.gov
Dwayne Brown / Laurie Cantillo
NASA Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1726 / 202-358-1077
dwayne.c.brown @ nasa.gov / laura.l.cantillo @ nasa.gov
Believe it or not , Verizon has the best full retail ( off contract ) pricing on the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge . To see pricing for each carrier , you can check out our pricing guide , but the numbers are substantially lower in all tiers ( 32GB , 64GB , and 128GB ) on Big Red than they are at AT & T and T-Mobile , or even US Cellular . Sprint is hiding their pricing and doing some gimmicky lease program , so we ca n't really compare anything there .
If you start at the 32GB model of the Galaxy S6 , Verizon is as much as $ 85 lower in some cases . At the 64GB level , they are also $ 85 lower , and at the 128GB level , they beat everyone by $ 85 once again . With the Galaxy S6 Edge , it 's an even bigger gap . At the 32GB level , they are as much as $ 115 lower . At 64GB and 128GB , you are also looking at $ 115 differences . We should also point out that because of these lower full retail prices , that their monthly payment plans split up into 24 payments are also going to be the lowest in most cases .
Here is a look at Verizon 's full retail pricing compared to the rest :
And here are each carrier 's comparable payment plans :
So does this all mean that everyone should run to Verizon to buy the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge ? Well , no . First of all , it 's no secret that their service prices are hovering around the highest in the industry . You also have to keep in mind that their phones are n't exactly great for jumping between carriers should you fulfill your payment plan or buy at full retail and want to go elsewhere . You should have no trouble locking onto AT & T 's HSPA network with a Verizon phone these days , but the chances of you getting an LTE signal are slim .
With that said , if you are open to any carrier at the moment and have decided to pick up the Galaxy S6 or S6 Edge , want to buy at full retail or through a payment plan , and also do n't mind overwhelming branding , Verizon is currently looking like the cheapest option ( without factoring in service ) .
Edit : This post originally had early AT & T full retail pricing information that was distributed to reps. AT & T has since adjusted the full retail prices to higher , more even price points . We have updated the post to reflect these changes .
Virtual reality is the process of simulating an environment for a user , using a variety of peripherals , head mounted displays or CAVEs , and trackers . Instead of showing you a static viewpoint from a screen , it renders your viewpoint relative to where you are standing , on a head-attached or projected surface , to give an effect identical to your own eyes .
A number of peripherals have been released or are about to be released recently which have brought affordable , extremely immersive virtual reality to everyone . Most of these peripherals have full or partial Linux support , and many have AUR packages .
Compatibility matrix
This article or section needs language , wiki syntax or style improvements . See Help : Style for reference . Reason : Use Use Template : Yes and question marks . ( Discuss in Talk : Virtual reality #
Legend :
Green : natively supported
Yellow : support via toolkit or partial support
Red : broken support
Uncolored : unknown/unfinished/planned support
Oculus Rift OSVR OpenVR Leap Motion Razer Hydra Dolphin ( original VR fork ) Partially complete Dolphin ( official OSVR support ) Via OSVR Via OSVR Minecrift ( Minecraft VR ) ( Planned ) Via OSVR-SteamVR ( Planned ) ( Planned ) Via OSVR Janus VR Via OSVR Team Fortress 2 Via OpenVR Via OSVR-SteamVR Support broken and fixed seemingly at random Via OSVR Half Life 2 Displays one black eye , one solid color eye Via OSVR-SteamVR Displays one black eye , one solid color eye Via OSVR VRUI VR Toolkit and demos 4089 : The Ghost Within Via OpenVR Via OSVR-SteamVR Broken until Valve fixes the compositor on Linux Via OSVR Games/Programs in Wine On OVRSDK versions < =0.5.0.0 , with AUR and AUR Trackers work perfectly . Unity demos without Render Manager 'work ' but are buggy , ones using the Render Manager display a white or black screen .
Peripherals and toolkits
Oculus Rift
See Oculus Rift .
OpenVR
OpenVR is an effort by Valve to create an open API for VR development . Unfortunately , while the API is open , the actual default implementation ( SteamVR ) is not . Fortunately , OSVR ( another , more open toolkit with support for a much wider variety of products via plugins ) can work as an alternative OpenVR implementation via the OSVR-SteamVR plugin , letting you use any OSVR compatible peripherals with OpenVR compatible games and programs .
Setting up
Install Steam , and from it install SteamVR from the tools menu .
Troubleshooting
Configuration or startup errors
SteamVR/OpenVR create a config directory ~/.openvr that can get misconfigured over the various versions . Delete that directory and completely uninstall/reinstall SteamVR .
It can also apparently have trouble accessing the Rift under some configurations . An alternative is to use the OSVR-SteamVR driver and the OSVR-Oculus-Rift plugin .
OSVR
OSVR is a joint effort by Sensics , Inc ( a long standing VR company ) and Razer to create a completely or nearly completely open software API for VR , in which end developers only need to hook their individual headsets into a few functions in order to get first-rate support . It supports the widest variety of peripherals , as well as having extremely flexible config via the JSON config files .
It also provides a plugin which allows it to act as an OpenVR implementation , letting you use it to play OpenVR/SteamVR games with any peripherals it supports .
Setting up
Install AUR , and whatever plugins are neccesary to support your individual device . Currently available external plugins include :
AUR
AUR
If wish to use OSVR with SteamVR/OpenVR games and applications , install AUR and symlink the driver to your SteamVR installation .
Run the OSVR server and leave it running in the background , by calling it with
osvr_server /usr/share/osvrcore/sample-configs/your_device_config.json
You may wish to customize the configuration to suit your individual needs .
To test that your installation is working and your trackers are available , install AUR and run OSVRTrackerView . You should see a set of axis for each tracker OSVR can pick up . If you do not , run osvr_print_tree to see what trackers are available or if there is a configuration issue .
Leap Motion
The Leap Motion is an incredibly affordable hand tracker which can easily be mounted on the faceplate of an HMD to allow you to interact with virtual objects . Unfortunately , the latest Orion software is not available for Linux while it is awaiting porting , so the currently available tracking is functional but excessively buggy . As such , it is only really suitable on Linux for social interaction , but seeing as it costs less than 1/10th what an HMD or equivalent tracking system , it is still a fairly useful device .
Setting up
Install AUR , AUR and optionally AUR .
To configure , enable and start leapd.service and run LeapControlPanel . To test that tracking works , run the Playground demo included with the installation .
OpenHMD
OpenHMD aims to provide a Free and Open Source API and drivers for immersive technology , such as head mounted displays with built-in head tracking . The aim is to implement support for as many devices as possible in a portable , cross-platform package .
OpenHMD supports a wide range of devices such as Oculus Rift , HTC Vive , Sony PSVR , Deepoon E2 and others .
Bindings for .NET , Java , Perl , Python and Rust are available from third-parties .
Installation
Install AUR .
Supported software
Currently there are a handful of apps which work well on the Rift and Linux , with several of them being in the AUR .
Dolphin ( original VR fork )
AUR is an emulator for Gamecube , with patches to allow it to have full headtracking stereoscopic rendering , as well as a number of customizations to make games work well out of the box in VR ( for example , disabling culling functions to let you view the entire world ) .
Support has for the most part been discontinued , in light of the Dolphin project beginning to officially support OSVR upstream .
Note : When using this application with the Rift , it works correctly with Portrait ( Direct ) Mode , and should be run with the Rift un-rotated to minimize latency .
Dolphin ( official OSVR support )
The Dolphin project has begun to work on adding support for VR officially using OSVR , available through the package AUR . It can even use OSVR 's path tree inputs as controller inputs , such that you can use a pinch or sixaxis controller input as a wiimote input . Support is limited in places however , as the fork is not as far along as the original Oculus-only fork was .
Games/Programs in Wine
A number of applications have some level of compatibility when using Wine , but often require some level of tweaks to make them function as expected .
AUR is a utility to patch up the differences between the Linux and Windows versions of the Oculus SDK when running Wine . It creates a shared memory context for the Wine application to use , letting the app access the native Oculus SDK . No installation of the SDK to the wineprefix appears to be necessary .
Unity games
To get the best performance in Unity based games , ideally you should force them into OpenGL mode with the -force-opengl . However this is not currently possible with an unpatched wine , as the WGL context it tries to force has some differences from a typical GLX context , as described here . Using the AUR package will allow you to run these games with native OpenGL , allowing you to play them with decent performance on your machine . Unfortunately they often try to change the video mode or mess with other settings , so supplying default screen settings may be neccesary . Additionally , since it is using native OpenGL , nvidia 's __GL_THREADED_OPTIMIZATIONS may give a significant performance gain . Overall , the command should look something like this :
env __GL_THREADED_OPTIMIZATIONS=1 wine UnityGame.exe -screen-height 1080 -screen-width 1920 -popupwindow -force-opengl
Or when using AUR :
env __GL_THREADED_OPTIMIZATIONS=1 oculus-wine-wrapper UnityGame.exe -screen-height 1080 -screen-width 1920 -popupwindow -force-opengl
Minecrift ( Minecraft VR )
A guide is available here to run an existing Minecrift version with the very latest JRift ( native java rift runtime ) build . You will likely want to install an older version when using the Rift , as JRift has been updated continuously to match the Oculus SDK .
Additionally , many users have reported much better performance with JRE8 , rather than JRE7 .
Note : When using the Rift , this application works correctly with Portrait ( Direct ) Mode , and should be run with the Rift un-rotated . Unfortunately , as of 5/12/15 the ingame GUI will display as an elongated 9:16 rectangle , as opposed to staying at the screen ratio . This is usable but not ideal .
JanusVR
`` janusVR : an immersive , collaborative , multi-dimensional internet . '' JanusVR is an application that lets you explore 3D websites in a multiplayer experience . An AUR package is available : AUR
The AUR package does not automatically update when JanusVR does , but the application will tell you when a new version is available . Simply re-build the package when this happens .
Note : This application works correctly with Portrait ( Direct ) Mode ( as of 42.3 ) , and should be run with the Rift un-rotated .
Leap Motion support
The Leap Motion allows you to be more expressive with gesture input , seen by other people within the world . You will want to mount your Leap to the front of your HMD and ensure that you are using the default avatar .
Other notes
Enable OpenAL 's binaural sound support
See Gaming # Binaural Audio with OpenAL .
Grim Misadventure # 95 : Secrets of the Three
Along with the modding tools are coming several fixes to game issues , as well as some tech improvements . Chief among them is a feature thats been on our wish-list for Devotion for a long time . With v1.0.0.3 , you can look forward to a major change to the activation chances of Celestial Powers that allows them to scale with the cooldown of the assigned skill . This means that skills with longer cooldowns ( ex . Doombolt ) will have up to a 100 % chance to trigger a Celestial Power where previously they may have had the same 15 % chance of activating as a spammable ability . Overall , a huge boon to builds based around cooldown abilities .
Following the modding tools update , you can look forward to the Hidden Path , which is an upcoming free content update for Grim Dawn , featuring new lore , new bosses and a new dungeon . With this update are also three new Monster Infrequents , four new Epic items and two new Legendary items .
How do you earn these new treasures ? By following the path of the three Witch Gods : Bysmiel , Dreeg and Solael . What secrets will you unveil ? What knowledge do the Three keep ?
Bysmiel
Dreeg
Solael
Like knowing what is coming up next for Grim Dawn ? Check back on 05/02/2016 for the next Grim Misadventure . Welcome back to Grim Misadventures . First , a brief update on the modding tools : we are currently in the final stretch of testing as we work on resolving some new bugs . The modding tools are on track for their release later this month ! Along with the modding tools are coming several fixes to game issues , as well as some tech improvements . Chief among them is a feature thats been on our wish-list for Devotion for a long time . With v1.0.0.3 , you can look forward to a major change to the activation chances of Celestial Powers that allows them to scale with the cooldown of the assigned skill . This means that skills with longer cooldowns ( ex . Doombolt ) will have up to a 100 % chance to trigger a Celestial Power where previously they may have had the same 15 % chance of activating as a spammable ability . Overall , a huge boon to builds based around cooldown abilities.Following the modding tools update , you can look forward to the Hidden Path , which is an upcoming free content update for Grim Dawn , featuring new lore , new bosses and a new dungeon . With this update are also three new Monster Infrequents , four new Epic items and two new Legendary items.How do you earn these new treasures ? By following the path of the three Witch Gods : Bysmiel , Dreeg and Solael . What secrets will you unveil ? What knowledge do the Three keep ? Like knowing what is coming up next for Grim Dawn ? Check back on 05/02/2016 for the next Grim Misadventure . Attached Thumbnails __________________
* * * Waste of Souls * * *
Composite image by POLITICO McCain allies prefer plumber to Powell
John McCain 's surrogates took to the Sunday shows to minimize the damage from Colin Powell 's endorsement of Democrat Barack Obama and challenge the hardening conventional wisdom that the presidential race is slipping away from their candidate .
House Republican Whip Roy Blunt of Missouri admitted they wished Powell would have endorsed McCain , but said that neither the endorsement nor Obama 's association with 1960s radical Bill Ayers will matter as much as Joe the plumber .
Story Continued Below
“ I think Joe the plumber does matter here , not because he 's Joe or not because he 's a plumber but because of all that particular discussion represents , ” Blunt said on CNN 's `` Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer . ''
“ Endorsements are typically overrated , I think , ” former Bush budget director Rob Portman said on CBS ' `` Face the Nation . '' “ I do n't think it makes a big difference , ” Portman told host Bob Schieffer , though they added that Powell “ is well respected ” and has said Powell “ respects both men but he 's always had a special admiration for Sen. Obama . ”
Missouri 's Republican Gov . Matt Blunt told Schieffer , “ I do n't know that it will make a difference in Missouri , ” and they downplayed the record 100,000-person crowd Obama drew Saturday in St. Louis .
“ He obviously has a great celebrity status , ” Blunt said of the Illinois senator . “ That does n't always translate into votes . ”
Powell got it wrong when they called Obama “ transformational , ” Rudy Giuliani said on “ Late Edition . ”
“ I do n't see the same things in Barack Obama that Colin Powell sees , ” said the former New York mayor , who acknowledged they have “ the highest regard ” for Powell and wanted them to seek the GOP presidential nomination in 1996 .
“ What I see [ in Obama ] is a very traditional liberal Democrat , really a throwback — even a throwback before the Clintons , Giuliani said , charging that Obama would engineer a government takeover of health care and strip workers ' rights to secret ballots in union elections .
On the other side of the Sunday show aisle , Virginia Gov . Tim Kaine , a Democrat , told CBS 's Schieffer that Powell 's endorsement proves that Obama will be able to set aside partisan ideology to forge pragmatic solutions and said it validates Obama 's national security judgment .
“ Gen . Powell is not seen as a dividing figure but a uniting figure , ” Kaine said , adding that “ to have the confidence of Gen. Powell in this election is very important . ”
Democratic strategist Donna Brazile said on ABC 's “ This Week with George Stephanopoulos ” that Powell 's endorsement of Obama should “ erase any remaining doubts about their national security agenda [ and ] their experience . ”
Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D-Mo . ) a top Obama surrogate , said Powell 's endorsement repudiates McCain 's efforts to link Obama to Ayers ' bombings in the 1960s .
“ Does anybody in their right mind think that Gen. Powell would ever endorse anyone that had any patience with terrorists ? '' McCaskill said on `` Late Edition . '' `` Of course they would n't . ”
They got backup from some unlikely quarters . Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich of Georgia , a Republican luminary , agreed with Brazile that the endorsement “ eliminated the experience argument . How are you going to say the former chairperson of the Joint Chiefs , former secretary of state , former national security adviser , was taken in ? ”
Former presidential adviser David Gergen , also on “ This Week , ” called Powell 's “ the most important endorsement of the campaign so far . ”
Gingrich attributed Obama 's growing cash advantage — the campaign announced Sunday it had raised $ 150 million in September — to the McCain-authored 2002 campaign finance overhaul ( which actually did not change the public financing system limiting the Arizona senator to $ 84 million for the general election ) , calling it a “ bizarre irony ” and predicting it may be too much for McCain to overcome .
“ If nothing changes , Sen. Obama is going to win , ” Gingrich said , asserting that McCain 's only chance is to seize on Obama 's much-ballyhooed comments last week to the Ohio plumber who confronted them while canvassing demanding to know if Obama believed “ in the American Dream . ”
Obama told the plumber , Joe Wurzelbacher , that “ when you spread the wealth around , it 's good for everybody . ”
Americans favor focusing on job growth over redistribution by 84 percent to 14 percent , Gingrich said , asserting “ even with no resources , a presidential candidate ought to be able to take an 84 to 14 issue —as Reagan would have — stay on it for two weeks ” and reshape the election .
That message is already resonating in the critical swing state of Ohio , which Portman , a former Ohio member of congress , predicted would be tight .
“ John McCain has , really , a very simple message now , which is that , for the economy , Barack Obama is going to be risky , ” Portman said on CBS . “ Joe the plumber kind of put the face on it , but the fact is , there are plumbing contractors , there are restaurant owners , there are small manufacturers , there are small software companies all around this beautiful Ohio state , who are saying : ‘ Look , I 'm having a hard time keeping the employees I have . I want to add more employees . Do n't tax me , ' ” Portman said .
Kaine challenged Portman 's portrayal , saying that “ the Joe the plumbers of the world are going to do much better under Sen. Obama as president than Sen. McCain . ”
Share . Ai n't no grit in this game . Ai n't no grit in this game .
Sunset Overdrive Creative Director Marcus Smith recently opened up about the light-hearted tone of Insomniac Games ' upcoming apocalyptic shooter .
`` Games are kind of like uber-serious right now , '' Smith told Siliconera in response to a question regarding the goofy , self-aware tone of Sunset Overdrive . `` In a lot of cases , people are trying to make interactive movies more than things you are entertained by . For us , we just wanted to divert and go back to our roots . Insomniac has always done games that were pretty self aware , always had a sense of humor , and are fun for different groups of people . ''
Sunset Overdrive is a third-person shooter set in an energy drink-induced apocalypse . Rather than the bleak setting of the studio 's Resistance series , however , the Xbox One exclusive features colorful environments and fast-paced methods of traversal .
Exit Theatre Mode
Its setting is just one of many examples of how the development team wanted to create a game that was self-aware , humorous , and fun .
`` I love games that are really cinematic , but I also really love the Sega games of the late 90s . You know Crazy Taxi was just fun , you just jumped in and did it , and Jet Grind Radio . Those games were fun for the sake of being fun . ''
Ultimately , Smith hopes that Sunset Overdrive is its own unique experience built on the ideas of games that came before .
Exit Theatre Mode
`` More than anything , the last thing you want to be is derivative , '' they say . `` For me , the worst thing in the world is to read a review that says 'it 's like this game . ' Especially video games from the coin-op days , they had to be different . At Atari , if you came with a game that was close to some other game they would be like , 'It 's too close to the other one , start something new . ' ''
Sunset Overdrive will release exclusively on Xbox One October 28 . You can learn more about it by reading IGN 's own preview .
Cassidee is a freelance writer for various outlets around the web . You can chat with them about all things geeky on Twitter .
The role-playing game , or RPG , is one of the oldest genres in gaming , being inspired by tabletop games like Dungeons and Dragons . RPGs also happens to be one of my favorite genres . I recently made a list of my top ten games of all-time , and six out of the ten ended up being RPGs . RPGs are still one of the most popular genres out there , though it has seen quite the evolution since the first electronic RPG showed up . What was once a genre defined by slow , strategic combat has been essentially replaced by games with combat that is much more action-focused and fast-paced . This is n't necessarily a bad thing , as many action-RGPs have been fantastic , in fact , my favorite game , Mass Effect 3 , is the most action-oriented in the series , prior to this year 's Andromeda . However , I would be lying if I did n't bemoan the gradual decline of the turn-based RPG over the years . I mentioned the six RPGs on my top ten list , but of those six , four are turn-based . They are Paper Mario , Pokémon SoulSilver , Final Fantasy IX , and Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic . They all have different systems , but at their core , they are all turn-based RPGs , and I firmly believe the turn-based RPG needs to make a comeback .
Humble Beginnings
In tabletop RPGs , a group gathers together , and each person assumes the role of a specific character , each with a specific class , granting them unique abilities other characters may not necessarily have . The RPGs on video game systems essentially followed this same system , except for the fact that there 's now one person in control of a group of characters . This was popularized with the original Final Fantasy , which essentially made RPGs a viable genre for years to come . Most RPGs followed the Final Fantasy format , with characters , depending on whether they align with good or evil , would be arranged on a certain side of the screen , and you would give your commands . Following this , the battle would resume , with each character executing their command , and this cycle repeats .
This was the pattern most RPGs of the era that followed , with Final Fantasy getting two more entries on the NES ( that were n't released in America at the time ) , and series like Dragon Quest ( or Warrior ) , while never as popular as Final Fantasy , and Pokémon , which is still a one of the most popular franchises in gaming , also utilizing the classic formula .
Signs of Change
However , as time went on , the action RPG began to become more prevalent , and more popular . The Legend of Zelda on the NES and Secret of Mana on the SNES featured a more action/adventure aspect to its combat . Games like Vagrant Story and Parasite Eve , both developed by Square , featured real-time combat that could be paused .
Even the Final Fantasy series began to see faster-paced combat with the introduction of the Active Time Battle , or ATB , system . The turn-based RPG continued to chug along in the '90 's , with the Mario RPG series and acclaimed game like Suikoden II utilizing these systems . The tactical RPG genre , also arguably saw its golden age in this era , with games like Tactics Ogre : Let us Cling Together and Final Fantasy Tactics being released . Despite this , action-RPGs continues to gradually overtake the other types of RPGs .
The 2000 's is truly when the action RPG began to dominate . Series like Kingdom Hearts , Souls , and Mass Effect released to huge popularity . Mass Effect is the perfect example of this phenomenon . If you look at the progression of the four core games in the series , it started off as an RPG with elements of a third-person shooter , to a third-person shooter with some RPG elements added to it . Even the king of the RPG , Final Fantasy has gone through this evolution .
Final Fantasy X had a brief return to fully turn-based combat , but since then the games have gone in an increasingly action-oriented direction , with Final Fantasy XV having no turn-based elements at all . Nowadays , most AAA games have some RPG elements , however , despite this , there has n't been a full-on turn-based RPG in the AAA space in years .
So why did this happen ? There are probably a few reasons . First off is a word many think of when discussing turn-based RPGs : slow . There 's the constant pausing in combat , and the grinding . The act of going into the wild and fighting enemies for hours does n't seem very attractive does it ? I can imagine AAA developers feeling like the turn-based RPG is not an effective way to show off their high-end engine , and a fluid , fast-pace fight would be a better use of it .
And I can see the reasoning behind that , as much as I love turn-based games , they can be a bit of a slog to go through . It also does n't help that the game that popularized the RPG over in the West , Final Fantasy VII , used the ATB system , which is faster-paced , though even that game is compared to today 's RPGs . But that does n't mean they should be gone forever .
Bring Back the Class
One attribute many associate with the turn-based RPG is character classes . Warrior , Mage , Thief , etc . Character classes are n't necessarily something that have gone away , but the way they are executed are different than before . In modern-day RPGs with classes , you can mix and match what abilities your character ( s ) have , and even if two players have the same class of character , their abilities may be wildly different .
The recently-released Mass Effect : Andromeda took this a step further , pretty much eliminating classes altogether , and allowing you to switch classes mid-game . However , I long for an RPG that gives you a set group of characters , each having a set class , with distinct abilities coming with it .
Despite utilizing a turn-based combat system , Final Fantasy X did n't really have character classes . Sure , each character started on a specific area of the Sphere Grid , each with different abilities , but the Sphere Grid allowed essentially any character to learn any ability . So , despite Yuna being , for all intents and purposes , a White Mage , all characters can learn Cure on the Sphere Grid .
Besides X , Final Fantasy IV and IX are my other two favorite games in the series , and , maybe unsurprisingly , all the party members in these games are given distinct classes . Because of this , only certain characters can learn specific abilities . For example , only Dragoons , like Kain in IV and Freya in IX can equip spears , and as such , are the only characters who can learn the Jump ability . And these are abilites that they learn naturally , rather than spending customization points on them in-game .
Sure , customizable abilities are very appealing , and sticking in the Final Fantasy world , the Materia system of VII does give the player an unprecedented amount of freedom . Some may even argue that customizable characters add another layer of strategy to the gameplay . I wo n't necessarily disagree , but I will say that the character class structure can add its own form of strategy .
Choosing which characters to have on your party can determine the outcome of the battle . You better make sure you have a White Mage in your team , or else hopefully you 're stocked up on potions . The warrior is the muscle of the team , sure , but what if you have a monster that is highly impervious to physical damage , but weak to lightning magic ? Hopefully you have a Black Mage who knows Thunder . Those enemies who are high off the ground and ca n't be reached with a sword ? An Archer will do the trick .
What Now for Turn-Based RPGs ?
Final Fantasy XV was a huge undertaking , to put it mildly . From conception to release , the game in its various forms took a decade to make . And making video games is not cheap . So , Square-Enix will naturally want to use the XV engine in the future . But , after the game that was billed as for “ newcomers and veterans alike ” , I think it 's time to go back to the series ' roots . Final Fantasy IX was a game created with the intention of also going to the roots of the series , using the power of the PlaySation .
That 's what my dream Final Fantasy XVI would be . A game that returns to the Fantasy setting of the heyday of the series , but one that looks like XV . I would love if it would go back to a turn-based combat system , possibly similar to X , and have each character belong to a specific class , similar to IX . Maybe it can be like IV , and have characters join and leave the party as the story dictates , or maybe it can give you a group of characters you can switch in and out , either mid-battle or on the map .
Now , the turn-based RPG is n't dead , per se , but its life in the AAA space is not what it used to be . Some of the most popular games still utilize a turn-based system . Pokémon is one of the most popular franchises in video games , while Persona 5 is making a huge impact , and both are turn-based . But besides that , there are no high-profile turn-based relases , especially not on the console front . The turn-based RPG has certainly found life on the handheld front , but sadly , have been few and far between on home consoles . This is a shame , and I hope that this is a trend that starts to reverse soon . The tactical RPG is alive and well , but this is a specific genre , and one that may not necessarily appeal to some ( example : the author of this piece ) .
If the 3D platformer and war-based first-person shooters can make a comeback , why ca n't turn-based RPGs ? '90 's nostalgia is all the rage nowadays , and what better way to capitalize on that than making a game whose gameplay mechanics are rooted on the acclaimed RPGs from that era , only with a modern-day look ?
So , long-live the turn-based RPG , and hopefully , we will soon be experiencing a renaissance of a genre of games that has sadly , lost its day it in the sun .
By Jim Donnelly , Olson Global Markets
Despite overbought conditions on the weekly time frame , the Keefe , Bruyette & Woods U.S. Bank Index ( BKX ) continues to push steadily higher following a break above key “ neckline ” resistance ( at 49.50 ) of a bullish reverse Head & Shoulders pattern . This is an important observation since the “ target ” or “ objective ” of this pattern sits at the lofty level of 79.50 .
In many ways , the BKX is emblematic of the equity markets in general since it appears to be “ climbing a wall of worry ” not seen for quite a while . A rise in bank stocks also encourages the tendency for a virtuous cycle of capital building to begin at the banks themselves . This is due to the likelihood that , in the future , banks will have the ability to issue common equity , preferred stocks and a variety of debt issues all designed to improve their capital ratios . In turn , this process should become the basis for a return to friendlier lending practices that should generate economic growth .
http : //www.ogmarkets.com
Watercolour Curses ?
If there 's a common thread that links Animal Collective 's songwriting it 's their instinctive use of repetition – from the mantra-like becalming kind , to the sort that has a hysterical effect on the listener . It 's present in the scruffy jazz leanings of Alvin Row from debut Spirit They 're Gone , Spirit They 're Vanished ; the trippy , stuck-record wall of sound of The Purple Bottle on 2005 's masterpiece Feels and the closest thing they 've had to a hit , the ecstatic My Girls from Merriweather Post Pavilion . It 's ironic then , that with each album they have seemingly set out to do anything but repeat themselves in terms of style – leading to equal parts joy and frustration for their fanbase .
So anybody yearning for a return to the wild , warped acoustic textures of Sung Tongs – think an entire band of Skip Spences achieving a higher state of consciousness around a campfire singing twisted , loose ideas of songs ; veering between childlike wonder and earthier concerns – or the explosive torrent of demented psych of Strawberry Jam , will be disappointed . Painting Is sees them moving on from the corrosive , abrasive electronics of previous album Centipede Hz to make an album that contains the most dizzying , day-glo music of their career and their boldest , most hi-fi embrace of the dancefloor yet .
In keeping with their loose sense of band duties , Painting Is recorded without founder member Deakin , busy working on their own record . It 's also notable for a rare use of outside talent with the band handily able to call on some pretty notable guns for hire with Colin Stetson colouring the squelchy , bass-heavy minimal groove of Lying In The Grass with mournful , twisting sax lines and John Cale – droning to their heart 's content on the spooked curveball Hocus Pocus .
Another difference this time is that it 's the first album that the band has n't worked out on tour . Typically fans came to expect an AC gig not to reflect the album that they were ostensibly touring – the band always a step ahead , constantly working on new ideas . This time tracks were developed from scratch in the studio and it 's resulted in some of the most immediate songs of their career . Once heard , it 's difficult to displace the gorgeous Bagels In Kiev and effervescent , grin-inducing Golden Gal . As ever , the ESP-like understanding the band enjoy makes everything very distinctively their own , but it 's clear that the band are paying particular heed to the demented , future-pop of the PC Music stable as much as they 're following Panda Bear 's solo explorations into dub territory . The end result is weirdly evocative of a heavier , looser version of the musical landscape Masato Nakarumura created for the soundtrack to Sonic The Hedgehog 2 ; the band sounding like a motley crew of Deadheads and club kids stuck between the Mystic Cave and Oil Ocean zones , in constant fear of Dr Robotnik 's frankly unreasonable temper and whichever drill or submarine they might pilot next .
While fans were aware that something was cooking thanks to cryptic updates on social media , it was n't until the album was unveiled over the sound system at Baltimore- Washington International Airport on 30November that the fruits of their labour were aired . It 's a typically perverse and mischievous way to launch an album and must have caused some consternation at check-in – music for airports this certainly is n't . There 's a time and place for material this demanding of the listeners ' attention , and it does take repeated listens for the album to really make sense , but when the mood fits , Painting Is hits the spot like only they can .
Discarded plastic bottles could one day be used to build stronger , more flexible concrete structures , from sidewalks and street barriers , to buildings and bridges , according to a new study .
MIT undergraduate students have found that , by exposing plastic flakes to small , harmless doses of gamma radiation , then pulverizing the flakes into a fine powder , they can mix the irradiated plastic with cement paste and fly ash to produce concrete that is up to 15 percent stronger than conventional concrete .
Concrete is , after water , the second most widely used material on the planet . The manufacturing of concrete generates about 4.5 percent of the world 's human-induced carbon dioxide emissions . Replacing even a small portion of concrete with irradiated plastic could thus help reduce the cement industry 's global carbon footprint .
Reusing plastics as concrete additives could also redirect old water and soda bottles , the bulk of which would otherwise end up in a landfill .
“ There is a huge amount of plastic that is landfilled every year , ” says Michael Short , an assistant professor in MIT 's Department of Nuclear Science and Engineering . “ Our technology takes plastic out of the landfill , locks it up in concrete , and also uses less cement to make the concrete , which makes fewer carbon dioxide emissions . This has the potential to pull plastic landfill waste out of the landfill and into buildings , where it could actually help to make them stronger . ”
The team includes Carolyn Schaefer '17 and MIT senior Michael Ortega , who initiated the research as a class project ; Kunal Kupwade-Patil , a research scientist in the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering ; Anne White , an associate professor in the Department of Nuclear Science and Engineering ; Oral Büyüköztürk , a professor in the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering ; Carmen Soriano of Argonne National Laboratory ; and Short . The new paper appears in the journal Waste Management .
“ This is a part of our dedicated effort in our laboratory for involving undergraduates in outstanding research experiences dealing with innovations in search of new , better concrete materials with a diverse class of additives of different chemistries , ” says Büyüköztürk , who is the director of Laboratory for Infrastructure Science and Sustainability . “ The findings from this undergraduate student project open a new arena in the search for solutions to sustainable infrastructure . ”
An idea , crystallized
Schaefer and Ortega began to explore the possibility of plastic-reinforced concrete as part of 22.033 ( Nuclear Systems Design Project ) , in which students were asked to pick their own project .
“ They wanted to find ways to lower carbon dioxide emissions that were n't just , ‘ let 's build nuclear reactors , ' ” Short says . “ Concrete production is one of the largest sources of carbon dioxide , and they got to thinking , ‘ how could we attack that ? ' They looked through the literature , and then an idea crystallized . ”
The students learned that others have tried to introduce plastic into cement mixtures , but the plastic weakened the resulting concrete . Investigating further , they found evidence that exposing plastic to doses of gamma radiation makes the material 's crystalline structure change in a way that the plastic becomes stronger , stiffer , and tougher . Would irradiating plastic actually work to strengthen concrete ?
To answer that question , the students first obtained flakes of polyethylene terephthalate — plastic material used to make water and soda bottles — from a local recycling facility . Schaefer and Ortega manually sorted through the flakes to remove bits of metal and other debris . They then walked the plastic samples down to the basement of MIT 's Building 8 , which houses a cobalt-60 irradiator that emits gamma rays , a radiation source that is typically used commercially to decontaminate food .
“ There 's no residual radioactivity from this type of irradiation , ” Short says . “ If you stuck something in a reactor and irradiated it with neutrons , it would come out radioactive . But gamma rays are a different kind of radiation that , under most circumstances , leave no trace of radiation . ”
The team exposed various batches of flakes to either a low or high dose of gamma rays . They then ground each batch of flakes into a powder and mixed the powders with a series of cement paste samples , each with traditional Portland cement powder and one of two common mineral additives : fly ash ( a byproduct of coal combustion ) and silica fume ( a byproduct of silicon production ) . Each sample contained about 1.5 percent irradiated plastic .
Once the samples were mixed with water , the researchers poured the mixtures into cylindrical molds , allowed them to cure , removed the molds , and subjected the resulting concrete cylinders to compression tests . They measured the strength of each sample and compared it with similar samples made with regular , nonirradiated plastic , as well as with samples containing no plastic at all .
They found that , in general , samples with regular plastic were weaker than those without any plastic . The concrete with fly ash or silica fume was stronger than concrete made with just Portland cement . And the presence of irradiated plastic along with fly ash strengthened the concrete even further , increasing its strength by up to 15 percent compared with samples made just with Portland cement , particularly in samples with high-dose irradiated plastic .
The concrete road ahead
After the compression tests , the researchers went one step further , using various imaging techniques to examine the samples for clues as to why irradiated plastic yielded stronger concrete .
The team took their samples to Argonne National Laboratory and the Center for Materials Science and Engineering ( CMSE ) at MIT , where they analyzed them using X-ray diffraction , backscattered electron microscopy , and X-ray microtomography . The high-resolution images revealed that samples containing irradiated plastic , particularly at high doses , exhibited crystalline structures with more cross-linking , or molecular connections . In these samples , the crystalline structure also seemed to block pores within concrete , making the samples more dense and therefore stronger .
“ At a nano-level , this irradiated plastic affects the crystallinity of concrete , ” Kupwade-Patil says . “ The irradiated plastic has some reactivity , and when it mixes with Portland cement and fly ash , all three together give the magic formula , and you get stronger concrete . ”
“ We have observed that within the parameters of our test program , the higher the irradiated dose , the higher the strength of concrete , so further research is needed to tailor the mixture and optimize the process with irradiation for the most effective results , ” Kupwade-Patil says . “ The method has the potential to achieve sustainable solutions with improved performance for both structural and nonstructural applications . ”
Going forward , the team is planning to experiment with different types of plastics , along with various doses of gamma radiation , to determine their effects on concrete . For now , they have found that substituting about 1.5 percent of concrete with irradiated plastic can significantly improve its strength . While that may seem like a small fraction , Short says , implemented on a global scale , replacing even that amount of concrete could have a significant impact .
“ Concrete produces about 4.5 percent of the world 's carbon dioxide emissions , ” Short says . “ Take out 1.5 percent of that , and you 're already talking about 0.0675 percent of the world 's carbon dioxide emissions . That 's a huge amount of greenhouse gases in one fell swoop . ”
“ This research is a perfect example of interdisciplinary multiteam work toward creative solutions , and represents a model educational experience , ” Büyüköztürk says .
This story has been updated to clarify that concrete containing both irradiated plastic and fly ash , rather than with irradiated plastic alone , is stronger , by up to 15 percent , compared to conventional concrete .
Grundy County , Tenn. , Sheriff 's Deputy Derrick Morrison watches as a pile of marijuana plants is burned behind the Grundy County Sheriff 's Office on Thursday . The harvest was confiscated off Taylor Road near Gruetli-Laager , Tenn. , by GCSD , DEA and TBI officers and had a street value of $ 37 million . Grundy County , Tenn. , Sheriff 's Deputy Derrick Morrison watches ... Photo by Dan Henry /Times Free Press .
GRUETLI-LAAGER , Tenn. - A deputy who was out walking in a remote area near Gruetli-Laager spotted some water hose that led them to several pots with marijuana growing in them and , ultimately , to at least $ 37 million worth of the plants , according to Grundy County Sheriff Brent Myers .
Myers said this afternoon that the unnamed deputy found the operation Wednesday off of Taylor Road , a one-lane tar and chip road that leads into an area that appeared to have been clear-cut several years ago .
Officers first found 30 to 50 plants and later discovered the rest nearby .
As of late this afternoon about 37,000 plants had been found spread out over the property , many with reservoirs to hold water to hydrate them , the sheriff said .
An electric generator was used to run a pump to fill the reservoirs , they said .
Myers estimated the value of the seized pot at $ 37 million , and they said it was the largest-ever seizure on a single piece of property in Grundy County .
They said investigators suspect one person and believe others also were involved .
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency and the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation are assisting in the operation , along with a helicopter from the Tennessee Highway Patrol .
For complete details , see tomorrow 's Chattanooga Times Free Press .
Coffee . And beer . And coffee in beer . And food that pairs well with coffee and beer . All of these incredible things can be yours at 11am on Saturday , April 8th when we release not one , but two , coffee beers !
The first is this year 's version of Dubbel Shot - a Belgian-style Dubbel with the addition of cold brew coffee from Thrive Farmers – bottle conditioned in 750ml 's . Next is the popular A Night on Octane IPA – our flagship IPA with cold brew from our friends at Octane Coffee - that will be packaged for the first time , in cans .
Both beers are brewery-only releases and available for a limited time . $ 14 for tour and beers on site . $ 15 for the coffee beers to-go ( 1 750ml of Dubbel Shot and 3 cans of Night on Octane IPA ) . $ 25 if you combine the two . We 'll have complimentary doughnuts from Duck 's Cosmic Kitchen , Thrive 's cold brew coffee ( the Guatemalan-Brazil blend used to make this year 's Dubbel Shot ) pouring on nitro , and Octane will be in the house pulling shots on their mobile espresso unit .. Do n't miss it !
Witnesses counted 42 dead bodies outside the mosque in Maiduguri , but police gave a lower figure of 14
Dozens of worshippers were killed after two suicide bombers blew themselves up in a mosque in the north-eastern Nigerian city of Maiduguri , said witnesses .
“ All the people in the mosque died . Not a single one escaped , ” said Muhtari Ahmadu , a trader near the scene on Thursday .
“ We counted 42 dead bodies outside the mosque , ” added Amadu Marte , a vigilante supporting the security forces in the fight against Boko Haram , which has carried out repeated attacks in the region .
Police confirmed that the mosque was hit by twin bombings , but gave a lower toll of about 14 dead . Following the explosions , the mosque collapsed and injured “ many people praying ” , said the police in a statement .
“ Casualties have been evacuated to [ University of Maiduguri teaching hospital ] and specialist hospitals in Maiduguri , ” it added .
The bombers slipped into the mosque disguised as worshippers , said witnesses , adding that one of the attackers set off the first blast when they entered the mosque . The second bomber detonated their explosives soon after , when many had rushed to the scene to help the first victims .
“ When rescuers and sympathisers gathered in front of the place , the second one went off , killing many of them , ” said Marte .
The blasts occurred around 6.30pm ( 1730 GMT ) in the western suburbs of Maiduguri , where worshippers had gathered for evening prayers , said the witnesses .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , but suspicion fell on Boko Haram , which was founded the city in 2009 . It has been hit repeatedly since President Muhammadu Buhari came to power on 29 May with a vow to crush the insurgency .
Boko Haram claimed responsibility for three suicide attacks in the satellite towns of Kuje and Nyanya outside Nigeria 's capital Abuja on 2 October , which killed a total of 18 people and injured 41 .
Nigeria 's military claims the Islamist militants are a spent force and that troops have driven them from their camps and occupied territory in the remote region .
But guerrilla-style attacks have continued , including across the border . At the weekend , 41 people were killed in triple explosions in Baga Sola , on the Chadian side of Lake Chad , where Nigeria meets Niger , Chad and Cameroon . The four countries have launched a joint offensive against the Islamists .
Their mission received a boost on Wednesday when US president Barack Obama said they were deploying up to 300 military personnel to Cameroon for intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance operations against Boko Haram insurgents .
At least 17,000 people have been killed and more than 2.5 million made homeless since Boko Haram began its bloody campaign for an Islamic state in northeast Nigeria .
MELBOURNE captain Nathan Jones was apprehensive about letting surgeons cut into their neck this off-season but has no regrets after it instantly relieved them of crippling pain .
The 27-year-old had an operation on a prolapsed disc at the start of September , requiring doctors to make an incision at the front of their throat .
It came after the tough midfielder played much of the season with the injury , which was initially treated with cortisone injections to enable them to get through the year .
It was n't an operation common for footballers , and unsurprisingly caused Jones some anxiety about whether it was the right move , given the delicate and complex part of the body involved .
But as the injury deteriorated throughout the season , Jones did their research not only on the procedure , but also the risks of delaying it until the end of the year .
After seeking several expert opinions , Jones and their wife , Jerri , were left completely comfortable with their decision to go ahead with the surgery .
A kick with Jesse , free coffee and a new logo : Demons launch fresh look
`` My wife knows how much [ playing ] means to me but at the same time I did n't leave any stone unturned in terms of just checking up through with surgeons and second and third opinions , '' Jones said on Thursday .
`` At no stage was it detrimental to my future or how I feel in the long run – it was more about the decision just for the current season .
`` I was really nervous heading into it ; I was n't even sure if it was going to make much of a difference .
`` I knew almost straight away within 24 , 48 hours afterwards it was the best decision I made .
`` I 'm glad I made that decision to get it done post-season and I 'll be right 100 per cent heading into next season . ''
Jones consulted with a number of neurosurgeons about how their long-term health could be affected as the season progressed , and spent a good month thrashing out what path they should take in treating it .
They were assured the worst-case scenario was that they could end up back in as much pain as they experienced before the cortisone treatment .
Jones in contemplative mood ahead of their press conference on Wednesday . Picture : AFL Media
So they waited , played out the year , and had the operation on September 14 .
Afterwards , they did n't go on their usual surfing off-season holiday and instead visited Europe with Jerri and their infant daughter Bobbi .
There , they reflected on what he 'd been through in managing the injury , getting it fixed and how they have felt since .
`` I 've had no real recurring nerve pain , which I had throughout the year , since the op and mainly now it 's just really re-strengthening the muscles and stuff that were hindered by the nerve being blocked throughout the season , '' they said .
`` I 'm probably a fair bit ahead of schedule but the main thing that 's going to hold me back is getting involved in contact .
`` My surgeon is certain I ca n't get hit in the head for at least the next couple of months . ''
Jones has been running for nearly a month but wo n't take part in match play until after Christmas .
He 'll officially start pre-season on November 23 with plans to ramp things up after the festive break .
Jones is bullish about the Demons ' prospects for season 2016 and says finals might not be `` too far out of reach '' .
They also believe last year 's No.2 draft pick , Christian Petracca , will push for round one selection after missing all of this season with a wrecked knee .
`` He 's in terrific condition at the moment and I expect them to keep ticking the boxes , '' Jones said .
`` He 's a terrific talent and probably was almost definite to play round one last year before they hurt himself .
`` There 's no pressure on him , you just expect them to keep doing what they do and I look forward to seeing them in full training … if they keep going the way he 's going I expect them to put their hand up . ''
The Demons revealed a new logo on Thursday in a bold Melbourne city-centric launch designed to link locals to the club and appeal to a younger demographic .
`` The stereotypical Melbourne of old has wanted to find a new direction , and along with the new logo we want to connect with the city and our name , '' Jones said .
`` The footy club is the only team in the league that holds the Melbourne name , and [ the logo is designed for the club ] to become more edgy and cool and I think they 've done that . ''
Nathan Jones in front of a mural commissioned for the Demons ' logo launch . Picture : AFL Media
I needed a way to display the contents of an HTML file on my desktop , in such a way that it looks like it 's part of the wallpaper . Fortunately , most of the answer was in How can I make my own custom desktop widgets ? on Ask Ubuntu , along with Create a Gtk Window insensitive to Show Desktop and Wo n't show in Launcher . Combining that with the excellent Python GI API Reference which contains everything and which I can never find when I go looking for it , I came up with a simple little Python app . I have it monitoring the HTML file which it displays for changes ; when that file changes , I refresh the widget .
from gi.repository import WebKit , Gtk , Gdk , Gio , GLib import signal , os class MainWin ( Gtk . Window ) : def __init__ ( self ) : Gtk . Window . __init__ ( self , skip_pager_hint = True , skip_taskbar_hint = True ) self . set_wmclass ( `` sildesktopwidget '' , `` sildesktopwidget '' ) self . set_type_hint ( Gdk . WindowTypeHint . DOCK ) self . set_size_request ( 600 , 400 ) self . set_keep_below ( True ) # Set transparency screen = self . get_screen ( ) rgba = screen . get_rgba_visual ( ) self . set_visual ( rgba ) self . override_background_color ( Gtk . StateFlags . NORMAL , Gdk . RGBA ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ) # Add all the parts self . view = WebKit . WebView ( ) self . view . set_transparent ( True ) self . view . override_background_color ( Gtk . StateFlags . NORMAL , Gdk . RGBA ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ) self . view . props . settings . props . enable_default_context_menu = False self . view . load_uri ( `` file : ///home/aquarius/Work/jobs.html '' ) box = Gtk . Box ( ) self . add ( box ) box . pack_start ( self . view , True , True , 0 ) self . set_decorated ( False ) self . connect ( `` destroy '' , lambda q : Gtk . main_quit ( ) ) # Show all the parts self . show_all ( ) self . move ( 100 , 100 ) def refresh_file ( * args ) : print args mainwin . view . reload ( ) def file_changed ( monitor , file , unknown , event ) : # reload GLib . timeout_add_seconds ( 2 , refresh_file ) if __name__ == '__main__ ' : gio_file = Gio . File . new_for_path ( `` /home/aquarius/Work/jobs.html '' ) monitor = gio_file . monitor_file ( Gio . FileMonitorFlags . NONE , None ) monitor . connect ( `` changed '' , file_changed ) mainwin = MainWin ( ) signal . signal ( signal . SIGINT , signal . SIG_DFL ) # make ^c work Gtk . main ( )
Bad news for all those soccer detractors out there . Ignorance is no longer bliss . Professional soccer is now the second most popular sport in the USA in the key 12-24 age group . The NFL tops the list and Major League Baseball has slipped to fourth behind the NBA . The poll findings , conducted by ESPN/Luker , comes on the eve of the opening of Major League Soccer 's season this Saturday . The United States Men 's National Team sets out on the road to the 2014 Brazil World Cup this summer . The hoopla begins .
So why is soccer popular with American youth ? Should n't nativists be starting a `` stop soccer '' campaign , or Rush Limbaugh be penning a tome `` The War On American Sports ! '' Too late . Blame globalization . Blame Landon Donovan for setting off `` U.S.A ! '' chants heard across the nation during the last World Cup . Soccer is plugged into a world feed , the global consciousness and a massive social network -- it matches the times . Combine this with the fruition of the suburban soccer game known to millions of American families and the on-going success of MLS , built from the ground up -- a good example of American craft and creativity . Un-American is no longer a charge that sticks to soccer .
What of the other indictments ?
Soccer is Boring
Hardly . A game that moves for 90 minutes compared to sports where sitting down is a large part of the player action . Football has about 11 minutes of actual play . The rest of the time is filled with TV ads and replays . No question that football and baseball are great sports . But the soccer haters in those camps , increasingly a minority , need to take a look in the same-old mirror and ask themselves : Do I have time to order another Domino 's Pizza ? Yes , you do . Crossover fans to soccer from the big two sports , an increasing number , appreciate watching a sport on TV that is not dissected by products being jammed down your throat every two minutes . That is boring .
All those low scores
The insistence on large totals of points or runs increasingly looks like an empty high-calorie diet leading to bloat and Mark McGwire 's Michelin Man costume during baseball 's steroid era . Appreciate soccer as a gestation -- a formation that may only deliver once but may produce the most beautiful moment . Patience , expectation , labored breathing , brushes with anxiety , angst -- at any moment they can sweep through soccer crowds . It is not up and down . Or on and off . Or even win and lose . It is not a product to be consumed like happy blind fun . Best-selling author , Nick Hornby , in their 1992 soccer memoir Fever Pitch , writes `` The natural state of the football fan is bitter disappointment , no matter what the score . '' While this may be too somber an assessment in this age of attacking flair from the likes of Lionel Messi and Ronaldo , it reflects the measure of soccer being more true to life , less like a dream , more of a struggle . These days , it seems rather apt .
I am a frequent user of my Windows 8 computer and Surface Pro tablet , as an avid reader of ebooks as well . I always read several hours per day , so an adjustable standing desk is the laptop solution when I sit in a chair comfortably .
The Prop ‘ n Go Slim – Hybrid Lap Desk for Surface with Adjustable Angle Control ( Black ) perfectly meet all of my needs . It is light but solid design , and works equally well in tablet mode , and laptop mode with the keyboard for at home and on the go .
The standing desk allows you to change angles between 9° and 75°in rock-steady . My Surface is very heavy and hard to hold . It fits easily and make the device stays in place without moving around .
With the small lap desk , I am able to save my hands using the tablet at a comfortable angle for longer time , and also carry the Slim and keep the Lite on the couch or in my bed .
Highly recommended the great product . Buy Prop ‘ n Go Slim – Hybrid Lap Desk from Amazon .
AD
MICHEL : It 's no secret that there 's national attention being paid to Wisconsin , in part because of these efforts and because of this issue . And I 'm interested in what role you think is appropriate for interest groups outside of Wisconsin , both those that support you and those that oppose you .
GOV . WALKER : Well , I mean , the appropriateness is interesting , because obviously , I can say it , but there 's no way to enforce it ... It 's going to happen no matter what . We saw , in the Senate race , most Republican senators were outspent at least two-to-one , in some cases three-to-one , by all the parties that came in from both throughout the state and across the country .
I believe if they get – I believe , actually , if they get the signatures , it 'll largely – because these national , big-government unions put the money behind that . I would imagine they 'll spend the tens of millions – and if it was over $ 40 million for the Senate recalls , that they may be – well be $ 70 ( million ) or $ 80 million there .
MICHEL : Well , there are conservative groups supporting you .
GOV . WALKER : And I think more people look at that and say , that 's absurd . You know , I spent 13 million ( dollars ) running for governor ; you 're going to see multiple times that amount . You 're going to see groups coming in from outside of our state who want to influence this race – I think ( it 's ) more about power , because let 's remember , the real reason the unions nationally are involved in this is n't because of pitch in their health care contributions or workers ' rights or anything else ; the real reason is because we also , as part of our reforms , gave every worker in our state the right to choose whether or not they or they want to be a part of the union and no longer have their dues forcibly removed from their payroll . That 's what it 's about .
MICHEL : OK , but so – there are groups supporting you , too , Governor – in fairness , there are outside groups that are also interested in this for their own reasons .
GOV . WALKER : Sure , like every election .
MICHEL : Yeah .
GOV . WALKER : It has , like – but they would n't be here if the national unions were forcing a recall . I mean , I think most of your listeners across America probably are scratching their heads on the recall to begin with , because most states have recalls in , say , misconduct in office , some sort of thing like that that triggers it , not just , I disagree or agree with a piece of legislation .
But this is really about power . The `` recall Scott Walker '' website was actually started November 2010 . So anyone who thinks this was n't – you know , that somehow , this is organic movement that just popped up – the reality is , the person who started that recall site started it last year , two months before I took office .
Thomas Paine
The One Shot Fallacy
Value
Minding the Gaps
The increase in 2010 is almost entirely down to the United States , which accounted for $ 19.6 billion of the $ 20.6 billion real-terms increase . Excluding the U.S. , the total in the ‘ rest of the world ' barely changed in 2010 , increasing by a statistically insignificant 0.1 per cent .
Greg Scoblete summarizes the rest of the world :
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute has a new report out highlighting global military expenditures . As the above chart indicates , the U.S. retains a healthy lead .
Regionally , defense spending in Europe has fallen 2.8 percent while spending in South America has risen by 5.8 percent and in Africa by 5.2 percent . Brazil drove a lot of the South American growth . Asia rose only a modest 1.4 percent , which the Institute said was slower than previous years . Overall , global military expenditures ticked up slightly at 1.3 percent , the slowest growth rate since 2001 .
Leading anti-Trump activists backed by major leftist donors are actively working with one task in mind : undermining the credibility of America 's leaders and creating a “ political crisis ” that forces President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence from office .
Presentations from the group 's training conferences this weekend reveal the activists plan to impede the “ ability to govern ” of “ those in power ” and make America 's leaders “ lose respect and legitimacy in the eyes of people here and internationally. ” The group emphasizes that costing America 's leaders “ international legitimacy ” is key because it “ is a very critical calculation for the rulers of this country . ”
Refuse Fascism is a far-left protest group that was launched in the aftermath of Trump 's election with the stated purpose of driving Trump and Pence out of the White House . As reported by TheDC 's Chuck Ross , the group is financially backed by a progressive nonprofit that in turn is well-funded by George Soros , a major labor union and several other large companies . Refuse Fascism has led mass demonstrations around the country and played a central role in organizing the violent Berkeley riots .
For months , Refuse Fascism has been planning massive , nationwide demonstrations for November 4 . According to the group 's statements , the protests are part of their long-term strategy of creating a “ political crisis ” resulting in both Trump and Pence being forced from their elected offices . ( RELATED : In Their Own Words : Anti-Trump ‘ Resistance ' Leaders Say They Want To Make America ‘ Ungovernable ' )
Around 450 activists attended Refuse Fascism 's organizing conferences this weekend in preparation for the massive demonstrations in November . The group posted materials from the conference online .
“ If those in power are faced with this determination—including that every time they take steps to attack or undermine and diminish this movement , they are met with even more people coming into the streets , ” one presentation from the conference states , “ then their ability to govern , to conduct business as usual will be disrupted ; they will lose respect and legitimacy in the eyes of people here and internationally—and this—international legitimacy—is a very critical calculation for the rulers of this country . ”
The presentation continues : “ Facing this kind of serious political crisis , sections of those in power could be compelled to see it in their interest to find the ways to resolve an extraordinary and unprecedented political crisis and remove this regime from power. ” ( RELATED : DNC Platform Member Cornel West Tied To Violent Berkeley Rioters )
Another presentation states the Trump administration must be driven from power because it is “ working aggressively to impose a fascist Biblical literalist society that enslaves women , terrorizes LGBTQ people , erases science , indoctrinates generations of youth in Christian fundamentalist and creationist schools . ”
Left-wing factions of the Democratic Party have played to their base for months by calling for Trump 's impeachment . ( RELATED : Maxine Waters Leads Impeachment Chant At Anti-Trump Rally [ VIDEO ] )
However , Refuse Fascism 's activists believe elected Democrats ca n't be trusted to go far enough in their opposition to Trump .
“ The program of the Democratic Party and their media mouthpieces is restoring the norms . So people who hate and oppose the regime are being led by them to look to elections , hearings , investigations , and protest as usual to ‘ make their voices heard , ' as if we are dealing with a normal regime , ” the presentation states . “ We are not . ”
On the Los Angeles Lakers ' preseason trip to Barcelona , Kobe Bryant ( notes ) watched the young kids with a basketball and marveled over the differences in the development of too many players in the States .
`` Every single one , it seemed – the 8-year-old , the 9-year-olds – go left and they go right , '' Bryant told Yahoo ! Sports recently . `` The older ones shoot the jump hook with the left , and they shoot the jump hook with the right . You 've got bigger kids who can shoot from the outside , who can handle the ball and play . A lot of young players that look like [ Pau ] Gasol , who are just so skilled .
[ Related : Kobe Bryant talks some trash with President Obama ]
Scroll to continue with content Ad
`` And now , you 've got kids here in the States , 20 years old , who ca n't do those things . Damn , you 've got max players who ca n't do that . ''
Bryant laughed , but they were barely kidding . What it reminded them was how fortunate they had been at the most important level of the game – high school basketball – to have had a coach teach them the fundamentals and drill them over and over .
As much as anything , this is the reason Bryant returned to Lower Merion High School in suburban Philadelphia for a ceremony on Thursday night where they named their alma mater 's gym after him . They pledged $ 411,000 for educational and interactive exhibits within the gymnasium where their old coach , Gregg Downer , still runs the team .
`` He was always a sponge , '' Downer said by phone this week .
Story continues
Bryant had so much to learn when they came out of Lower Merion and into the NBA draft in 1996 , but they always appreciated the knowledge they brought with him . He 's forever grateful to Downer in that way , loyal to a coach who was willing to immerse themselves into a driven young prodigy . There are so many of these coaches in so many cities and small towns , everywhere . Most of them do n't get a once-in-a-lifetime talent like Bryant , the son of an ex-NBA player , to walk into the gym , but they all do the best they can with whatever kids do come along .
`` I really had a great high school coach , '' Bryant said . `` I really had a great high school . I had the will to learn the game , but they had the knowledge to teach me the game . They would get there early to work with me on the basic things : midrange game , footwork .
[ Related : Kobe leading vote-getter for All-Star game ]
`` But these kids now , the coaches are catering to the star players . They do n't want to tell them when they 're messing up . They do n't want to correct things . They end up skating through things in AAU [ Amateur Athletic Union ] , and go to college and still have all these weaknesses in their game . I do n't like it . I do n't like it .
`` I think it 's a system thing we need to address in the United States . ''
AAU basketball is still king , and perhaps that 's made it harder for the generation of stars to overtake Bryant . Before Lower Merion High School , Kobe had grown up in Italy and learned their lessons in the European system . Back in the States , Downer elevated everything for Bryant . Now , they do n't need to be the most athletic , most explosive player on the planet to be its best . This was true of Michael Jordan in their 30s and still the case for Bryant . What was most vital to Bryant 's game at 16 years old is still the most vital now .
`` I always talk about having your bread-and-butter play , and for Kobe that was their middle-range game , '' Downer said . `` Whenever they needed a basket , they would go to the pull-up 15-footer . I think that they shoot the 3-pointer too excessively in AAU , and you do n't always see the great fundamentals . Kobe had a little mustard in their game , but they understood what their bread-and-butter was as a player , and he 's never lost that . ''
So , yes , this makes their trip to play the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday night something unforgettable for Bryant , because they spent Thursday evening back at the old gym for a fundraiser , for the dedication . For all these years , he 's stayed close with Downer and the program , and is n't averse to getting on the speaker phone and giving the kids a little talk when the coach tells them they need it . For everywhere Kobe Bryant goes now , everything they see in the game , it always reminds them how fortunate they were back in the beginning , when there was a young coach to feed their appetite for learning , to teach them the important lessons of the game . Maybe it did n't seem like the biggest deal in the world then , but all these years later , for basketball 's best player , it sure does now .
The Player Profile series breaks down the 2012 performances of key players at each position in order to project where they should be drafted in 2013 . Dig in , read up , and look ahead .
Jamaal Charles , RB , Kansas City Chiefs
To many owners , Jamaal Charles was a disappointment in 2012 . And in some ways , they are . However , most of the disappointment was the result of games in which Charles was under-involved . In 2012 , Charles played 8 games in which they had more than 20 touches ( carries and receptions ) . They also saw six games in which they had less than 15 carries . With the atrocious quarterback play in Kansas City , it seemed insane that Charles did n't get more carries .
Their workload was incredibly unpredictable and left many owners scratching their heads ( if not crying into a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ) . Charles did nothing to redeem their season through touchdown totals , reaching pay dirt only 6 times . All in all , Charles gave their owners a season that was underwhelming , considering a lot of owners spent a second round pick on this Kansas City running back . I understand why people considered this a down year for J.C. of K.C .
But despite the ups and downs of their 2012 campaign , Charles finished the season with the 8th most fantasy points among running backs . Even with weeks that Charles barely saw the football , they finished the season with the 7th most carries and the 6th most total touches among running backs . The workload was there , but it seemed to come and go at random .
Besides their workload , another thing that hurt Charles ' value this year was the slight decline of their involvement in the passing game . Charles had 35 receptions this year , compared to the 45 receptions they had in 2010 and the 40 receptions they had in 2009 . While they were a frustrating player to own in 2012 , they still had a good year and rewarded owners with a solid RB1 performance .
Looking ahead to 2013 , there 's a lot of reason to believe that Charles will bounce back in a big way . The addition of Andy Reid as the head coach in Kansas City has the potential to revitalize the Chiefs dismal offense . Fellow Late Round Quarterback staff writer , Chad Scott , wrote a fantastic article that delves into why Charles ' 2012 season was n't that bad and why 2013 might be the best season Jamaal Charles has ever seen .
Additionally , before the 2011 season , Charles had n't missed a game due to injury and seems to have recovered nicely from their 2011 knee injury . Owners need not worry about injury sidelining this PPR machine .
At their current ADP of 10th overall , Charles is a good investment for 2013 , especially in PPR formats . I do n't see their ADP moving more than a couple of spots by the time draft season arrives , either . Charles ' workload should be more consistent in 2013 and that 's the only thing currently holding them back . They have every chance to finish the 2013 season as a top five runner , but their ADP reflects the risk that they will have another “ down ” year .
Personally , I 'm high on Charles and I 'm targeting them as my RB1 if I have a late-first round pick . I firmly believe Charles will finish the 2013 season as a top-5 fantasy running back . Believe , gamers ; 2013 is the season to invest in the “ Jesus Christ of Kansas City ” .
C.J . Spiller , RB , Buffalo Bills
Spiller might just be my favorite running back in 2013 . Part of the fantasy football world has spent the last two years frustrated with C.J . Spiller 's constant time-share with fellow running back Fred Jackson . The # FreeCJSpiller Twitter movement was stronger in 2012 than it 's ever been .
2012 finally gave Spiller-backers something to be happy about . Fred Jackson took the back seat after sustaining a knee injury in Week 1 , and Spiller was ( somewhat ) freed . Despite missing Weeks 2 , 3 , and 11 , Jackson was still stealing carries and doing their best to ensure the continuance of the running back-by-committee situation in Buffalo .
Regardless , Spiller gave patient owners a solid season , finishing with the 7th most fantasy points among running backs . While a top-10 fantasy season is impressive enough , Spiller produced this season with the 22nd most carries among NFL backs ( behind Vick Ballard , Mikel Leshoure , Michael Turner , and Shonn Greene ) . They are the model of efficiency and a true embodiment of doing more with a limited amount of work . They totaled 1,703 all-purpose yards and scored 8 touchdowns , while averaging a sexy 6.81 yards per touch .
That 's ridiculous .
It 's pretty easy to see why you should be excited about C.J . Spiller in 2013 . They look to continue to get the majority of work in Buffalo , even if Fred Jackson gets healthy . Similar to Jamaal Charles , Spiller is a PPR maniac and a great RB1 in standard formats . The continued development of Ryan Fitzpatrick and Buffalo 's receivers will only help the young Spiller .
Skeptical gamers will ask , “ Well , what if Fred Jackson does come back ? Does n't that hurt Spiller 's value ? ” While Jackson 's presence does technically limit what Spiller can do , this season showed us that any limitations will be minor and Jackson 's presence really wo n't matter . Spiller will do more with 200 carries than some running backs will do with 300 .
At C.J . 's current ADP , he 's being drafted 6th overall . If they move at all , it will only be higher . I have no qualms drafting this stud at any point in the first round . As J.J. Zachariason said in the Early Birds Fanatics Mock Draft , “ Does anybody have more upside than Spiller this year ? ” I think not . I ca n't wait to draft Spiller and I 'm targeting them in all of my drafts . Invest , invest , invest .
Trent Richardson , RB , Cleveland Browns
In an offense that was barely functional , Trent Richardson gave fantasy footballers ( and Browns fans ) something to believe in . Like many of their fellow rookies , Richardson immediately took over a starting role . While Richardson seemed to lack the explosiveness of Alfred Morris and the pile driving power of Doug Martin , they still gave owners a respectable season .
Richardson finished the 2012 season with the 10th most fantasy points among running backs . They ran for 950 yards on 267 carries and scored 12 times . They also caught 51 passes for 367 yards . All things considered , Richardson was a useful fantasy back , as most owners played them as their RB2 .
The problem with Richardson 's rookie campaign was their efficiency . They tied Michael Turner for the lowest YPC out of the top-25 fantasy running backs with a measly 3.6 average . But sure , despite their poor efficiency , the fact remains that Richardson finished the season as the 10th best fantasy back .
The Browns back received enough carries to make them productive , but they also found the end zone 12 times . Just over 38 % of their fantasy points came from touchdowns . And while this is n't necessarily a bad thing , it does become detrimental when a player 's fantasy production relies too heavily on touchdowns . For example , if Richardson only scored six touchdowns , they would drop from the 10th best fantasy back to the 16th best running back . I understand that this is n't groundbreaking by any means , but it 's something that needs to be recognized .
I expressed my sentiments about Richardson on Twitter and got into some great conversation that provided more context to Richardson 's poor efficiency . It also showed that there are just as many people who think Richardson will do well in 2013 as there are who think they could be overvalued .
Richardson dealt with rib injuries for most of 2012 and this caused them to be hesitant while making cuts out of the backfield . While it 's good to keep that in mind , it 's a matter of perspective whether or not they will produce at an RB1 level at perfect health . It 's hard to predict how they will produce at 100 % , although they ran much better before they sustained rib injuries than they did after . This still does n't change the fact that there 's risk associated with Richardson , and that risk is accentuated with their high ADP .
In regards to 2013 , I 'm not very excited about Richardson . For me , the 3.6 YPC is just too low for a player that I would be drafting in the first round . Their current ADP on myfantasyleague.com is 4th overall and it 's 8th overall on fantasyfootballcalculator.com . That 's a little too expensive for me . However , that ADP could be a little more accurate for PPR formats . Richardson had the 7th most receptions among running backs and they look to continue to be involved in all aspects of Cleveland 's offensive attack .
He 's clearly the Browns the best offensive option and they will use them a ton , and I could actually see their carries and touches increasing in 2013 . But it is hard to predict how many touchdowns Richardson will score , and because of that , I 'm less excited about them in the first round .
I 'm not saying that Richardson will be a bust in 2013 , but at this point , they are too expensive for me . If their ADP drops , I might begin to consider them as a high-end RB2 for my fantasy squads , but I do n't think their ADP will drop far enough . I 'm not looking at Richardson unless they are available in the early second round .
Be careful , gamers . I do n't think Richardson will be a suitable RB1 in 2013 and , unfortunately , that 's where their ADP is right now .
Financial markets around the world are now desperately dependent on central bank stimulus . The US recovery is largely dependent on the Federal Reserve funneling loans into the system via the quantitative easing process and other archaic forms of money development . It is interesting how the Greek stock market rallied this week merely on the notion that pro-bailout parties will be elected and thus allows even more debt to be injected into the system . Yet this does not solve the core problem that too much debt is swimming in the system . Central banks do not create any real tangible product in the economy . They have the incredible power to inject resources into banks and thus create “ money ” in the real economy . Yet this only happens if banks lend this out to consumers instead of using the funds to speculate in complicated global money making schemes . The whipsaw behavior of the market highlights the massive addiction to central banking stimulus we are in .
The Euro crisis reaches a critical stage
With record high unemployment in Spain and downgrades hitting , the Spanish 10-year bond crossed a troubling threshold this week hitting 7 percent :
This is a critical stage here especially with Greek elections approaching this weekend . But the problem is with any addiction , at some point you have to keep taking more and more of the drug simply to get the same impact :
“ ( SF Gate ) The “ markets are telling us that they 're unconvinced by the bank bailout and that the next step is that the government will have to concede , capitulate , and go for a sovereign loan , ” James Stewart , head of macro research at AX Markets in London , said in an interview with Mark Barton on Bloomberg Television 's “ Countdown. ” “ That seems to me quite likely , and even now I think it 's moving on from Spain to Italy. ” Spain 's 10-year yield climbed 16 basis points , or 0.16 percentage point , to 6.92 percent at 5 p.m. London time after rising to 6.998 percent , the highest since the euro was introduced in 1999 . The 5.85 percent bond due in January 2022 fell 1.07 , or 10.70 euros per 1,000-euro face amount , to 92.64 . The yield has jumped 70 basis points this week . ”
The contagion is spreading across Europe . The politics are complicated but desire for more and more bailouts are running short :
“ ( Reuters ) But German Chancellor Angela Merkel rebuffed pressure from EU partners and the United States for Europe 's most powerful economy to underwrite debt or guarantee bank deposits in the single currency area . ”
This run on the banks is nothing new and it is apparent that those within the system have been pulling out deposits from Spanish banks for some time . Apparently seeing your fellow neighbors with a 25 percent unemployment rate and youth at over 50 percent might make a few question the sustainability of the economy :
Yet here in the US the Federal Reserve has been acting as a ward for the banking system by bailing out the biggest banks at the expense of the public . If we look at the balance sheet at the Federal Reserve we realize the economy really has n't improved :
Source : Cofounded Interest
The above is astonishing . If the economy were truly in good shape , the banks would take back these “ assets ” and liquidate them back into the market . Instead , they sit in the balance sheet of the Fed with little audit oversight and banks receive trillions of dollars of injections and buffers . This has been going on since 2008 and what we get is national banks are using this money to speculate internationally even though they are using the full faith and credit of the United States . And you wonder why we still have a record 46,000,000 Americans on food stamps and most Americans saw their net worth evaporate by 40 percent between 2007 and 2010 ? The addiction to central banking stimulus serves one party primarily and that is the global banking system . The fact that the markets are “ rooting ” for the pro-bailout party in tiny Greece opposed to what system will best aid their working class should give you a perspective of what kind of system we are now in .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today 's challenging market !
When I was about eight or nine years old , my older brother , Harry , and I would battle in NBA Jam on the Super Nintendo in our bedroom almost every day . I know some people probably picture me throwing footballs through tire swings and running stairs all day , and I definitely did all that . But then I 'd come home at night and play video games with Harry for hours . NBA Jam was our thing .
I 'd sit on the bottom bunk and Harry would sit on the floor . For those who do n't know NBA Jam , you had to pick your two-man combo . He 'd usually pick the Chicago Bulls ( Scottie Pippen and Horace Grant ) , and I 'd usually pick the Seattle SuperSonics .
If I remember it right , I think their one-two punch was Shawn Kemp and Detlef Schrempf .
I know the arcade version we played at the mall had Kemp and Benoit Benjamin . For some reason , you could n't pick Gary Payton . The rumor at school was that you could get them through a secret code , but I still do n't know if that was real .
I can still hear the menu music in my head . When you picked your teams , the announcer would yell , “ SHOWTIME ! ”
I 'd terrorize my brother with Shawn Kemp on the boards . He 'd get like five offensive boards in a row , throwing those big elbows .
When the announcer said , “ He 's heating up ! ” my brother would start getting stressed . That 's when they knew they were in trouble . Then once Kemp was on fire , I 'd steal the ball and launch way up in the air , all the way to the rafters .
You know what happened next .
“ Whooooaaaa … Boomshakalaka ! ”
Anyone who grew up in the '90s knows how good it felt to shatter the backboard against your brother or your sister or your best friend .
I became a SuperSonics fan by playing NBA Jam and watching them on SportsCenter and NBA Inside Stuff . I loved their name . I loved their colors . I loved Kemp and Payton , and then in later years , I loved watching Ray Allen swish corner threes with that perfect form .
Even though we lived in Virginia , I got a Sonics jersey one Christmas and I used to put it on and go play hoops out in front of the house , pretending I was Gary Payton . I 'm not going to lie , though . Some days I 'd put on my Bulls jersey and stick my tongue out and pretend I was MJ , too . I was flexible .
That 's how a lot of kids learn to dream . Whether it 's through video games or getting a replica jersey or a pair of your favorite player 's Nikes for Christmas , there 's nothing like the feeling of pretending to be your hero . It 's crazy to me that kids growing up in Seattle now turn on NBA 2K and they ca n't even play as the Sonics . It does n't seem right that they 're gone . They were a part of my childhood , and I grew up 2,840 miles away .
NEW YORK , NY - FEBRUARY 14 : Russell Wilson attends The Players ' Tribune Launch Party - www.theplayerstribune.com at Canoe Studios on February 14 , 2015 in New York City . ( Photo by Timothy Hiatt/Getty Images for The Players ' Tribune ) Getty Images for The Players ' Tr
The NBA needs that green and gold back . Seattle needs basketball back . And hockey , too . ( The Seattle Metropolitans won the Stanley Cup in 1917 , in case you did n't know . )
So I 'm doing what I can to make that happen . I have partnered with the Sonics Arena Group to help bring the NBA and the NHL to Seattle .
To me , this is about more than nostalgia .
We live in divisive times , and sports have a way of bringing people closer together . They allow us all — children and adults — to use our imaginations and dream . I want kids in Seattle to grow up dreaming of playing basketball or hockey for their hometown team .
If you doubt the power of sports to unify people , just look at Chicago after the Cubs ' amazing World Series victory . It made me think of our own parade through Seattle after we won the Super Bowl in 2014 . It was 25° in the middle of February , and I was standing on a float looking out at the crowd . That 's when it all slowed down and everything sunk in for me .
I tried to focus on every single face , even though it was impossible to take it all in . I saw people of every race — black , white , brown , everything . I saw men and women . I saw old folks crying . And I saw young kids who had obviously skipped school . All walks of life braved the cold that day just be a part of something .
All those people had two things in common . They were smiling like it was the happiest day of their life , and they were all one color : bright green .
Whether they were wearing a green wig or a green jacket or a green scarf , they were all united and hugging one another and smiling .
That was a great day .
This city deserves more like it , but not just for football . Let 's bring the NBA and NHL to Seattle .
You can feel it , ca n't you ?
It 's heating up .
Boomshakalaka !
Gandalf 's love for the longbottom leaf is well documented .
A good friend of mine has this theory that Gandalf barely has any power at all , and that they are instead a “ light-bulb wizard. ” If you look closely most of their performed magical feats involve more light than magic :
Their staff gets shiny when they defend the Balrog 's flame-sword
Their staff gets glows at the top when they hit the The Bridge of Khazad-dum . Is it just the Balrog 's weight that breaks that bridge ? I think so .
When we first meet them again in The Two Towers we ca n't see them because of all the light .
As they descend on the fifth day , they shine a light from the tip of their staff .
In the final film , they flash some light to save the riders from the Nazgul .
Shiny shiny . Would a light-bulb on the end of a stick be so different ? My friend has a good point , I feel .
Now let 's ask ourselves why this great wizard is “ lighting up ” all the time . Why is all of their power in blazing up the end of a stick ? Just let the jargon and implied metaphors wash over you until you feel acceptance . Essay concluded bitches .
Companies , unions and other interest groups poured about $ 300 million into campaign ads in the 2010 Congressional elections after the Supreme Court 's Citizens United decision opened the sluices to unlimited spending by independent groups . That will look like a trickle compared with the gusher coming in 2012 .
Gov . Rick Perry 's supporters have created a group called Make Us Great Again , which plans to spend up to $ 55 million to help them win the Republican presidential nomination . Unions and other supporters of Democrats , too , are starting to funnel money into independent groups like Priorities USA Action , which has raised $ 3.2 million for the presidential race and plans to raise much more .
These groups , which are not supposed to coordinate with candidates ' campaigns or the political parties , are called Super PACs , but the label does n't much matter . The point is that in the past several years outside groups — using various types of financing vehicles — have accounted for a growing share of the money spent in federal elections .
The first chart shows the steady rise in total spending in federal elections in both presidential and nonpresidential years over the last decade . Over that time , money spent by outside groups jumped to 8 percent of the total from less than 1 percent , while party spending declined as a share .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The second chart shows how spending by independent groups has morphed with each new campaign finance law and judicial ruling . What 's constant is the ability of fund-raisers to put more cash into elections . The 2002 McCain-Feingold law put an end to the unlimited “ soft money ” donations by corporations , unions and wealthy individuals to party committees , which used it to pay for “ issue ” ads that often attacked or supported candidates . When soft money went away , donors simply channeled money for such ads to other vehicles , including 527 committees , like Swift Boat Veterans for Truth .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In 2007 , the Supreme Court blew aside spending restrictions ( weak as they were ) by ruling that corporations , unions and other groups could spend unlimited amounts up to Election Day on “ issue ” ads that mentioned a candidate 's name , as long as they did not explicitly urge a “ vote for ” or “ vote against ” a candidate . Soon after that , 501 ( c ) groups ( like trade associations , unions and social welfare advocacy groups ) became the vehicle of choice ; unlike other types of groups , they are allowed to collect unlimited anonymous donations .
The Citizens United decision eliminated the biggest remaining restriction by allowing independent groups to pay for campaign ads that explicitly endorsed or opposed a candidate . Big donors responded in the 2010 election by launching Super PACs like American Crossroads , which raised $ 26.6 million to help Republicans , and America 's Families First Action Fund , which raised $ 7.1 million to help Democrats . And they created 501 ( c ) “ social advocacy ” groups like Crossroads GPS to offer secrecy to campaign donors .
Clinton not offended by ‘ Monica ' chants in Egypt , but did object to ‘ good food wasted ' when crowd threw tomatoes at them
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , pictured during their visit to Egypt , said they were not offended by the chants
It was the kind of welcome that would put most people off .
But Hillary Clinton has revealed that they actually welcomed being taunted about their husband 's affair whilst on a visit to Egypt .
The US Secretary of State said that the cheers of ‘ Monica , Monica ! ' were a sign that democracy was alive and well in the Arab country .
Them only regret was that the protestors had wasted good tomatoes by throwing them at their motorcade .
The chants were a reference to the relationship between Mrs Clinton 's husband Bill and former White House intern Monica Lewinsky which almost cost them the presidency in 1998 .
Mrs Clinton was subjected to them whilst visiting the Egyptian port city of Alexandria to reopen the US Consulate .
Asked about the incident they said yesterday : ‘ I was relieved that nobody was hurt and I felt bad that good tomatoes were wasted but other than that , it was not particularly bothersome . '
They added that the abuse was ‘ a sign of that freer environment that Egypt now enjoys . It is also evidence that the Egyptian people are still concerned about the future . '
Clinton said the lively demonstrations that greeted their visit to the country were a sign of a healthy democracy
Protestors in Egypt fear that America is over-exerting its influence and meddling in the country 's affairs
Mrs Clinton said : ‘ The sooner that there can be a government that takes responsibility , whose actions can be judged and held accountable , then people will be able to draw decisions because words do n't mean as much as actions and therefore I was not offended ' .
Hillary Clinton said they were not offended by the references to Monica Lewinsky , pictured , who had an intimate encounter with their husband
Nobody was injured as the vegetables , shoes and a bottle of water rained down from the sky , although a tomato did hit an Egyptian official in the face .
Protesters could also be heard chanting ‘ Irhal , Clinton ' , which means ‘ Get out , Clinton ' .
At one point a man was seen putting the sole of their shoe over a photograph of Mrs Clinton 's face on a poster , a sign of disrespect in Egypt .
The country is currently gripped by political uncertainty as two major forces , the military and the Muslim Brotherhood , engage in a power struggle over the future of a country that remains without a permanent constitution , parliament or government following the ousting of dictator Hosni Mubarak last year .
Aspects of Typography
Typefaces Families of fonts Point sizes How large or small the type is Line lengths Measured in inches , points , or characters per line Leading Also known as line spacing Tracking Also known as letter spacing Kerning Adjusting the space between specific pairs of characters
The 3 Main Goals of Typography
Legibility : Each character is clear & distinct Readability : The body of text as a whole is easy to read Appearance : The end result is aesthetically pleasing
Where is Typography Used ?
Anywhere you see words that have been printed or typed , principles of typography have been used to make sure the content looks good and is easy to read . Here are just a few examples :
Logo Design
Résumés
Web Design
Books
Comic Books
Board Games
Digital Assets
The Power of Typography
In Depth
Typography is the art of arranging and presenting printed or typed words . It 's done to make text both readable and aesthetically pleasing . Not to be confused with `` type design , '' which only deals with the creation of typefaces , the term `` typography '' mostly refers to the design , selection , and actual use of fonts in a publication .
Its history can be traced all the way to the invention of the printing press in the 15th century . The development of this technology is largely attributed to Johannes Gutenberg , a German Inventor . During the Industrial Revolution in the 1800s , innovations were put in place to help speed up the printing process . This trend continued until the Digital Age , where the art of typography can now be practiced by almost anyone with access to a computer .
Aside from choosing a font , there are other aspects of design that typographers have to worry about . First of all , there 's line-spacing , also known as `` leading . '' This refers to the vertical distance between each line of text . Proper leading is important as it helps improve the readability of text , and it prevents certain letters from clashing with one another .
Proper leading is important as it helps improve the readability of text , and it prevents certain letters from clashing with one another .
Next is `` kerning , '' which refers to the space between a pair of characters . Some fonts may have what 's called `` bad kerning , '' which results in letters looking unevenly spaced . In cases like these , a typographer should either manually adjust each problem area , or just use a completely different font .
We also have `` tracking . '' Unlike kerning , tracking refers to the overall space between each letter in a line of text . This is best applied on large bodies of text because it 's often too tedious to manually kern each letter in , for example , a paragraph . This is also used to deal with `` widows '' and `` orphans , '' which are terms used to describe a single word , or a very short line , left at the beginning or end of a paragraph .
There are three main principles of typography . The first one is legibility , which deals with how easy it is to distinguish individual characters from one another in a certain typeface . When choosing a font , a typographer has to make sure that certain letters can not be mistaken for another . For example , in some script fonts , the letter `` u '' may look like an `` n '' or a `` v '' .
There are three main principles of typography .
The second one is readability . This one deals with how easy it is to read an entire line or body of text . Unlike legibility , which focuses more on the reader 's perception , readability is all about comprehension . This goes hand in hand with the previous principle , because even if a typographer chooses a legible font , the actual text may still be considered unreadable due to poor spacing .
The third , and last one , is aesthetic . This deals with the overall appearance of the text . As a typographer , one should learn how to lay out elements in a visually appealing manner . One way to do this is by limiting the amount of fonts used in a single page .
Typography is used in all kinds of print and digital media . Generally speaking , it has the potential to influence how a reader thinks and feels . For example , an advertisement that practices good typography can convey a deep message with just a single word or line of text .
For example , an advertisement that practices good typography can convey a deep message with just a single word or line of text .
For websites , it 's important to have a consistent aesthetic , especially since text plays a major role in web design . Most web designers recommend the use of only around two to four typefaces when creating a site . One should also make sure that their selected fonts are legible and displays correctly on other devices .
Comic books are a good example of media where the use of typography is heavily emphasized . Letterers , which are responsible for writing dialogue in word bubbles , also draw logos for the cover and `` sound effects '' in the comic itself . These are often made with custom fonts and are presented in a way that 'll easily catch the attention of the reader .
Typography is a skill that every designer , especially those that work with a lot of text , should learn . Whether you 're designing a webpage or a poster , knowing how to properly convey your message and evoke emotion through text can prove to be very advantageous for your brand . Even if you only work with text documents , just knowing the fundamentals of typography can go a long way .
Those of us who attended high school before the dawn of a smart-phone-in-every-hand sometimes miss things that seem obvious to young Generation Y .
For instance , many of us just expect every clock in our lives to read a slightly different time of day . But as one Lake Highlands High School student points out , it does n't have to be that way , nor should it , especially when minutes ( like those in between classes ) count .
There is no reason , as one Lake Highlands High School student expresses , for the analog clocks at school to read something different from the time we see on our cell phones .
Said student notes that the clocks at LHHS are set “ exactly one minute and thirty two seconds ” earlier than smart-phone time . Them letter to Principal Miller about the issue is making the the Twitter rounds .
Sponsored Message
Based on the “ likes ” and retweets and declarations that the letter writer ( who I wo n't name since they have a private account ) is “ the MVP of the school , ” this is a thing for many high schoolers .
“ Mr . Miller : As our generation has transitioned from relying on wrist watches to the universal time on our phones , I ca n't help but notice the inconsistency in the school clocks and the cellular time , ” they begin . “ The school clocks are exactly one minute and thirty two seconds earlier than the time I , as many , rely on to run my day . ”
They go on to say that this has become “ not only an annoyance , but a legitimate grievance . ”
As a person whose clock in their car is perpetually four minutes slow , who is annoyed but can never be bothered to fix things , I am impressed by the student 's initiative .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez died this past week , and I have to ask the readers ' indulgence here . As soon as I heard the news , I shared with my friends Dr. Scott deHart and George Ann Hughes that now the fun and games would begin . We all more or less agreed that now , with Chavez gone , Venezuela would be the next hemispherical target in the Anglo-American oligarchy 's list for `` fun and games '' , to bring that country to heal .
Well , it seems that the Venezuelans ( and by implication once again , their Russian sponsors ) , are out of the gate first , pointing fingers in America 's direction , for Venezuela has expelled two US diplomats , claiming that Mr. Chavez was given their cancer by American intelligence :
Venezuela expels two US embassy officials amid Chavez cancer conspiracy
Note this statement :
`` In December 2011 , Chavez speculated that the United States could be infecting the regions leaders with cancer after Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was diagnosed with thyroid cancer . ''
In other words , for Chavez , there was a strange coincidence between a Latin American leader 's stances vis-a-vis the Anglo-American oligarchy , and their incidence of cancer .
While that may be a difficult if not impossible proposition to prove , we 'd do well not to dismiss the late Venezuelan leader 's ideas too hastily .
As Edward Haslam detailed in their landmark book on the Kennedy assassination , there is a cancer connection , and as I expanded on their research in LBJ and the Conspiracy to Kill Kennedy , it is a deep , dark , murky , and specifically Latin American one . The connections are to the well-known , indeed internationally famous 1950s and 1960s cancer oncologist , Dr. Mary Sherman , and their even more famous mentor , Dr. Alton Ochsner ( a native , I 'm afraid to admit , of my home state of South Dakota ) , well-known surgeon , physician , President of the American Cancer Society , and physician to many of Latin America 's then-elite , including well-known Argentine president Juan Domingo Peron .
The dark side of all of this is that Dr. Sherman and Dr. Ochsner appeared to have been deeply involved with the CIA in trying to make cancer a weapon , work that involved Mary Sherman with JFK assassination suspect David Ferrie , fingered by New Orleans District Attorney Jim Garrison in their 1960s investigation of the murder . To make matters much worse , it would appear , according to Haslam 's research , that Sherman was successful in making cancer a deliverable weapon . Moreover , as I detailed in LBJ and the Conspiracy to Kill Kennedy , Ochsner was accused - though there was no corroborating evidence - by some in South America as having worked with - you guessed it - Nazis to make cancer a weapon . Jack Ruby , finally , before their death indicated they had been injected with cancer to get rid of them and silence them permanently . Of course , we 'll never know the truth of the matter here ... but given Mr. Chavez 's policies , and the extreme dislike of them in Western financial and political circles , it would n't surprise me .
But there 's a deeper issue . In my opinion , the case Haslam made in Dr. Mary 's Monkey is fairly conclusive , and this means `` injectable cancer '' ( so to speak ) has been around for about five decades now . So whether or not Mr. Chavez 's claims about their own non-natural cancer be true or not , we must at least now entertain the suspicion . And in the trade , that 's called blowback , as the West 's own technological prowess now becomes the `` suspect of first choice '' in such cases .
See you on the flip side ...
The co-author of “ Brown at 10 ” writes an open letter to the shadow chancellor :
Dear Ed ,
I was not your principal , but as somebody who has written about you for many years it falls to me to say this : the time has come for you to fall on your sword .
After 20 unbroken years at the heart of politics , you need a rest . It was another age when in 1993 Geoff Mulgan , anxious to leave Gordon Brown 's side as chief adviser to found the think tank Demos , recruited you as their successor . After leaving Oxford , you had only the briefest time to work as an academic and a journalist on the Financial Times . You need to see more of life beyond the microworld of politics . Falling on one 's sword is never easy . However , quitting in the next few months until , say , 2017 would undoubtedly benefit your leader , your party , your wife and even yourself . Let me explain .
Ed Miliband would be a much stronger leader without you . They may think they can not live without you , which is why they promoted you in January 2011 to shadow chancellor and recently pledged to stick with you . Yet they do n't need you , any more than Tony Blair needed Gordon Brown after a while : they merely could n't find it in themselves to squeeze the trigger .
Forgive me , but you stop Ed breathing fresh air . With you close to him , their breath will always be stale and smell of a toxic brand . Without a prolonged period out of the public eye , neither you nor the party will ever rid yourselves of the opportunistic , negative and bullying image of the Gordon era . Yes , we both believe they were a better prime minister than the conventional wisdom says but it will take years for their achievements to be recognised properly and the stain of their modus operandi will never be eradicated .
Economic credibility would be more readily restored with your departure . Your critique of the government 's austerity strategy may never win back public trust and your proposals for the economy will never convince . Your credibility problem will only become magnified as the general election approaches . On Europe , despite your recent about-turn , the party will find it easier to commit to holding a referendum with you gone . Your patrician attitude not to trust the people will always make any call for a referendum from you sound hollow . Think how strong the appeal would be if Miliband offered the referendum that neither Blair nor Brown dared .
Without you , Labour could present itself as a clean party , free of the factionalism and brutalism that so tarnished it when Brown was boss and you were their consigliere . I know that you think you were really a very nice person all along , vulnerable with your own insecurities . Yet you need to redeem yourself and the atonement will never happen unless you disappear and return to public life with a fresh persona . The party would be more inclusive without you .
You say you like David Miliband , but their followers are not doing well under Ed , are they ? The party would be much stronger with David back in the frame . So , too , would it with Alistair Darling returning to the front bench . In the event of a hung parliament , Labour would stand a better chance of putting together a workable coalition with the Lib Dems without you . Remember how in 2010 the Lib Dems did n't trust Gordon or you ? Nothing has changed , Ed .
What might you do during your long sabbatical ? You have extraordinary intellectual and personal gifts . You could write a book ( not , please , a memoir ) , as your mentor Gordon Brown did in 1986 , about the Scottish politician and leader of the Red Clydesiders James Maxton . What about a biography of Brown ? Not Gordon , nor your friend Nick , but George : you would learn much more about how factionalism damaged Labour in the 1960s . How about returning to academic life or journalism ? Your experience would richly inform students and readers . What about a stint at a school ? You would turn up your nose at Wellington College because we are independent , but how about our academy , Wellington in Wiltshire , founded when you were schools secretary ? You could even study for an MBA and learn , unlike many others who become ministers , how to run large organisations .
I wish you 'd listened when you ran education and I suggested that your two great opportunities for a legacy were to embed well-being deeply into schools and transform the relationship between the public and private sectors . You did little on either and it 's rather hard to remember much that you achieved of enduring benefit for young people . So it would be good to learn how to run an organisation . You could even run or work for a charity , as John Profumo did after their involuntary retirement from politics 50 years ago .
Yvette would not say it to you but , like many women working in the same organi­sation as their husband , they would be freer to think and act without you in their hair . You would have more time , too , for your three children . As a principal , I know how hard it is for children who have just one parent in the public eye . Having two is harder still and your family would only benefit with you being more present and less preoccupied .
The greatest beneficiary would be you . You may not see it this way now but I know you will in hindsight . A mentor of mine , Robert Skidelsky , suggested to your mentor Gordon that they take a sabbatical before becoming prime minister . Had they followed that advice , their premiership would have benefited . They would have had time to think through what they wanted to do with the power they had so long craved . As it was , they came to No 10 with the cupboard largely bare . If Labour loses in 2015 , you will be blamed and your career will be damaged beyond repair . If it wins , you would return to the front bench in 2017 a redeemed and respected figure . You might even one day become leader , your long-held ambition . Oh , and do n't believe that guff about “ skipping a generation ” . The public will tire of young leaders , though it does n't yet realise it .
Others , including Ed Miliband , share responsibility for the Brown errors : you will earn praise for taking the hit . You are 46 this month . Your best years could lie ahead of you .
Yours ever , Anthony
There is perhaps no wider chasm between the United States and Africa than over the issue of gay rights . The tension was thrown into sharp relief during U.S. President Barack Obama 's trip to Kenya , the first visit of a serving U.S. President to this East African Nation . In a joint press conference with Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta on Saturday , following what appeared to have been a warm and productive meeting behind closed doors , Obama made it clear that the issue of gay rights in Kenya remained unresolved .
“ I believe in the principle of treating people equally under the law , and that they are deserving of equal protection under the law and that the state should not discriminate against people based on their sexual orientation , ” Obama said . “ I 'm unequivocal on this . ”
Kenyatta 's government has staunchly defended laws imposing up to 14 years in prison for homosexuality . Kenya and the United States , they said , shared many values , from a love for democracy , entrepreneurship and families .
Gay rights were not one of those values .
“ There are some things that we must admit we do n't share—our culture , our societies do n't accept . It is very difficult for us to be able to impose on people that which they themselves do not accept . ”
As I wrote in a recent cover story on gay rights in Uganda , this issue has resonance across the continent .
By and large , Africa as a whole is far behind the United States and Europe in regards to acceptance of homosexuality . Legislated homophobia is on the rise across the continent , even as LGBT people have made historic gains elsewhere in the world . According to a 2013 report by the Pew Research Center , a large majority of North Americans , Latin Americans and residents of the European Union now accept homosexuality . Same-sex marriages are legal in 20 countries , including the United States . But in Africa , where the vast majority of people—98 % in Nigeria , 90 % in Kenya and 96 % in Uganda , Senegal and Ghana , according to the Pew poll—say homosexuality is unacceptable , many religious leaders have watched that progress with alarm . Conservative politicians have also sought to protect their nations from what they see as a Western import by drafting anti-gay legislation even more draconian than the colonial-era sodomy laws that remain on the books in many African countries . “ Over the last five years , we have seen more laws being proposed and being passed into law in Africa , ” says Laura Carter , Amnesty International 's adviser on sexual orientation and gender identity . “ Even in places where the laws have not changed , enforcement has increased. ” Thirty-four of 54 African nations currently criminalize homosexuality . According to Amnesty , South Sudan , Burundi , Liberia and Nigeria have implemented increasingly punitive penalties for people who engage in homosexual acts . Gambia now calls for life in prison . Mauritania , Sudan and parts of both Somalia and Nigeria permit courts to impose the death penalty in certain cases for individuals found guilty of same-sex activity . The Pew survey also describes how intolerance for homosexuality tends to be more intense in communities where there are high levels of religious observance , and African nations stand out as some of the most observant in the world . Religious conservatives , Christian and Muslim alike , may be losing ground with the public on LGBT rights in the West , but in Africa , where church and mosque remain the cornerstones of society and politics , anti-­homosexual campaigners are determined to hold ground . Ty Cobb , global director for the Washington-based Human Rights Campaign , an LGBT-rights advocacy group , says the growing backlash against homosexuality in Africa over the past several years is a proxy war in the cultural conflict that is being lost by the evangelical Christian movement in the U.S. and beyond .
Kenyatta argued that Kenya had other priorities , listing heath , education and road development , along with greater representation of women in society . “ This is why I repeatedly say that , for Kenyans today , the issue of gay rights is really a non-issue , ” they said . “ Maybe once , like you have overcome some of these challenges , we can begin to look at new ones . ”
But when it comes to human rights , Obama made clear , it 's not so much a matter of priorities , but a matter of what is right . Drawing a comparison between anti-gay discrimination and the U.S. laws that once justified slavery and segregation , they brought in an unexpectedly personal angle . “ As an African-American in the United States , I am painfully aware of the history of what happens when people are treated differently , under the law , and there were all sorts of rationalizations that were provided by the power structure for decades in the United States for segregation and Jim Crow and slavery , and they were wrong . ”
They were not calling for a change in religious doctrine in Kenya , they said . “ The state just has to say we 're going to treat everybody equally under the law . ”
As Kenyatta made clear , little is likely to change in terms of Kenyan laws regarding gay rights . That was not the expectation , says U.S. presidential spokesperson Ben Rhodes , who was accompanying Obama on the trip . Obama , they said , has been raising the issue during all their Africa travels . “ Frankly , what we can do is keep a spotlight on [ Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender ] rights and raise this issue and make sure that governments know that they are going to be hearing about this from us and hopefully from our partners in the international community . ”
Nonetheless , Obama 's passionate defense of equality in a country that has long claimed him , a grandson of Kenya , for their own , may yet plant a seed that leads to greater acceptance down the line .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Condensed matter physics – the branch of physics responsible for discovering and describing most of these phases – has traditionally classified phases by the way their fundamental building blocks – usually atoms – are arranged . The key is something called symmetry .
To understand symmetry , imagine flying through liquid water in an impossibly tiny ship : the atoms would swirl randomly around you and every direction – whether up , down , or sideways – would be the same . The technical term for this is `` symmetry '' – and liquids are highly symmetric . Crystal ice , another phase of water , is less symmetric . If you flew through ice in the same way , you would see the straight rows of crystalline structures passing as regularly as the girders of an unfinished skyscraper . Certain angles would give you different views . Certain paths would be blocked , others wide open . Ice has many symmetries – every `` floor '' and every `` room '' would look the same , for instance – but physicists would say that the high symmetry of liquid water is broken .
Classifying the phases of matter by describing their symmetries and where and how those symmetries break is known as the Landau paradigm . More than simply a way of arranging the phases of matter into a chart , Landau 's theory is a powerful tool which both guides scientists in discovering new phases of matter and helps them grapple with the behaviours of the known phases . Physicists were so pleased with Landau 's theory that for a long time they believed that all phases of matter could be described by symmetries . That 's why it was such an eye-opening experience when they discovered a handful of phases that Landau could n't describe .
Beginning in the 1980s , condensed matter researchers , including Xiao-Gang Wen – now a faculty member at Perimeter Institute – investigated new quantum systems where numerous ground states existed with the same symmetry . Wen pointed out that those new states contain a new kind of order : topological order . Topological order is a quantum mechanical phenomenon : it is not related to the symmetry of the ground state , but instead to the global properties of the ground state 's wave function . Therefore , it transcends the Landau paradigm , which is based on classical physics concepts .
Topological order is a more general understanding of quantum phases and the transitions between them . In the new framework , the phases of matter were described not by the patterns of symmetry in the ground state , but by the patterns of a decidedly quantum property – entanglement . When two particles are entangled , certain measurements performed on one of them immediately affect the other , no matter how far apart the particles are . The patterns of such quantum effects , unlike the patterns of the atomic positions , could not be described by their symmetries . If you were to describe a city as a topologically ordered state from the cockpit of your impossibly tiny ship , you 'd no longer be describing the girders and buildings of the crystals you passed , but rather invisible connections between them – rather like describing a city based on the information flow in its telephone system .
This more general description of matter developed by Wen and collaborators was powerful – but there were still a few phases that did n't fit . Specifically , there were a set of short-range entangled phases that did not break the symmetry , the so-called symmetry-protected topological phases . Examples of symmetry-protected phases include some topological superconductors and topological insulators , which are of widespread immediate interest because they show promise for use in the coming first generation of quantum electronics . In the paper featured in today 's issue of Science , Wen and collaborators reveal a new system which can , at last , successfully classify these symmetry-protected phases . Using modern mathematics – specifically group cohomology theory and group super-cohomology theory – the researchers have constructed and classified the symmetry-protected phases in any number of dimensions and for any symmetries . Their new classification system will provide insight about these quantum phases of matter , which may in turn increase our ability to design states of matter for use in superconductors or quantum computers .
This paper is a revealing look at the intricate and fascinating world of quantum entanglement , and an important step toward a modern reclassification of all phases of matter .
Further Exploration
About Xiao-Gang Wen
Regarded as one of the world 's leading condensed matter theorists , Xiao-Gang Wen holds the BMO Financial Group Isaac Newton Chair at Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics . The BMO/Newton Chair was established by a $ 4 million gift from the BMO Financial Group in 2010 and , in 2011 , Wen joined Perimeter from MIT as its inaugural occupant . Read a lay-accessible overview of their research .
Washington Post London Bureau Chief Griff Witte sat down for separate interviews with Finnish President Sauli Niinisto and Finnish Foreign Minister Erkki Tuomioja in Helsinki . The following are excerpts from those interviews .
Read the full story : Finland feeling vulnerable amid Russian provocations
Preisdent Sauli Niinisto
The Washington Post : We 've seen in the past few months various instances of what seems to be provocative behavior by Russia . You 've experienced that here in Finland . I 'm wondering what you think Russia 's objective is .
Niinisto : Well , first we have this catastrophe in Ukraine . But alongside that catastrophe there 's a lot of tension between Russia and the West . And what we have seen now , in the Baltic Sea area , is surely a [ result ] of this kind of increased tensions internationally.We have had five violations of our airspace during the summer .
WP : The concern is that something like this could escalate very quickly . Is that a concern that you have ?
SN : I would n't say it would escalate as a military conflict very easily , not intentionally . They were testing how we 'd react . But accidents might happen .
WP : Is there a broader strategic objective on Russia 's part ? It seems like there is a new push .
SN : Undoubtedly that is due to the tension I described . The Russians want to show `` we are here . ''
WP : How have events in Ukraine and how have these violations in Finland 's airspace affected the mood here in Finland ?
SN : We have a long history with Russia — not that peaceful all the time . So everything Russians are doing , surely the Finns notice and think very carefully what that might mean .
WP : This country was successful in staying non-aligned during the entirety of the Cold War . You say we 're at the gates of a new Cold War . The way this new Cold War evolves , is it possible to be non-aligned ? Or is this a situation where you have to choose sides ?
SN : We are not part of NATO . But we are part of the European Union and part of the West . I would answer your question by explaining how we see our security at the moment . It 's a balance . We still have conscription . We have a strong army . It 's 250,000 men .
WP : A lot smaller than Russia 's army .
SN : But 250,000 men is something you have to at least take notice of . We are increasing our defense budget . We are cooperating with Sweden very deeply and that is developing very fast . We are advanced partners of NATO . And in the end I like to mention the E.U . dimension . We all know according to the Lisbon Treaty we have given a guarantee that we will help member states if they face severe problems .
WP : But that 's not the same sort of ironclad guarantee that is Article 5 under NATO .
SN : No , it 's not the same kind of guarantee . But it 's nevertheless a very strong political statement
WP : Ukraine has paid a huge price for leaning toward the West but not being protected under Article 5 .
SN : They were not members of the E.U . A big part of the problem Ukraine faces is due to their own inability to build up a democratic society . That is a huge problem . If you look at Finland , things are totally otherwise , so you ca n't make any comparison to Ukraine .
WP : The prime minister has been outspoken in saying he 'd like to pursue NATO membership .
SN : No one so far made a clear proposal . It has n't been discussed , surely not decided . The question is : When ? I think our prime minister has expressed , like many other NATO supporters here in Finland , that now is not the correct time .
It is very obvious that if Finland joins NATO , that would undoubtedly harm our relations [ with Russia ] . You have to keep in mind that 1,300 kilometers is a long , long border , and you just do n't keep it closed . On the contrary , it 's a living border .
WP : The E.U . sanctions that Finland is a part of , and Russian counter-sanctions , are they having an impact on the Finnish economy ?
SN : The sanctions themselves and the counter-sanctions , if you just look at what impact they have had , it surely is n't a very big one . But the sanctions mean that the business environment gets cautious . That has meant a weakening ruble . That has meant weakening GDP [ for Russia ] . That has meant the purchasing power of ordinary people has been eroded , and that has meant something for Finnish exports and not as many Russian tourists coming to do their weekly shopping in Finland .
WP : Before you came into office , you were considered more pro-NATO .
SN : Surely I 'm not against NATO . I see that as a possibility . It has to be an open choice and that is important , because it is also part of our balance .
WP : The prime minister has been quoted as saying Finland should have joined NATO 20 years ago . Do you agree with that ?
SN : It would have been a very easy step . Russia was very weak at that time .
WP : Do you think that was a missed opportunity ?
SN : It was an opportunity , undoubtedly .
Foreign Minister Erkki Tuomioja
The Washington Post : How do you regard Russian violations of Finnish airspace this summer ?
Tuomioja : We have a 1,300-kilometer border between Russia and Finland . From our point of view , but also from a Russian point of view , it 's the most stable and least problematic frontier they have , and I believe they want to keep it that way as long as they have no reason to believe that the Finnish territory would be used for hostile action . That 's the basis of our position since the second World War .
WP : But obviously across Europe , we 've seen an increase in these sorts of incidents . What message is Russia trying to send ?
ET : Generally , of course , it 's sending a message of power politics , that they have military powers , that they have nuclear weapons , but even then you have to recognize that Russian military power today , even with their far-reaching powers , is far from what was the case in Soviet times .
WP : Has Russian behavior caused Finland to reconsider its own policies ?
ET : There is a debate going on in Finland about NATO . What has happened is that those people who have always been for NATO membership have found more arguments for this . But those people who have been against NATO membership have also found more arguments . So it is sort of a polarization of opinion more than any shift .
WP : And your own position ?
ET : My position has been against NATO membership . We are the one country that has not run down conscription or defense in our country , unlike many others that are now trying to take back what they have done .
WP : Do you think NATO membership is going to be an issue in the election this coming spring ?
ET : I do n't think so , because no party has interest in doing so . The Conservative Party and the Swedish Party are very much in favor of NATO membership . But the electorate is not , so they are not going to win if they do it . And neither are we , the Social Democrats , going to make this into a bigger issue .
Yes , people are concerned : Is this the return to the Cold War ? I have never experienced any previous elections where there is so much interest in security and foreign policy . If I am at a meeting where I speak half about foreign policy and security and the other half about internal politics and economics , the discussion will mostly be about the first , nothing about internal politics .
WP : Does Finland have a role to play in being a channel of communications between [ Russia and the West ] ?
ET : We are not offering ourselves as any kind of mediators . We are members of the European Union and we do n't divert from E.U . policy .
WP : But you do talk with Russia .
ET : We do talk with Russia . We do n't discuss sanctions , E.U . issues . But we do discuss Ukraine . We do discuss everything that is going on in the world , and if there 's something we can do to facilitate solutions , putting an end to this conflict , of course we are always ready .
WP : When there are the violations , as there were this summer , what has your message been to [ Russian Foreign Minister Sergei ] Lavrov ?
ET : We say this : We have the evidence and this is unacceptable . Can you see to it that this is not repeated ? I think the Russian foreign ministry is not party to this . They are more embarrassed by this , including Lavrov himself .
Full story : As Russian planes move in , Finland weighs joining Nato
Graphic : Russia unnerves its neighbors
President-elect Donald Trump sent conflicting messages about their hopes for the supreme court on Sunday , saying they will appoint justices who will send abortion rights “ back to the states ” but conceding they were “ fine ” with marriage equality “ because it was already settled ” .
Donald Trump 's immigration plans : start by deporting 3 million 'criminals ' Read more
Trump made the comments in their first broadcast interview as president-elect , with CBS 's 60 Minutes , which aired on Sunday evening .
Trump also suggested they might retain parts of Barack Obama 's healthcare reforms , and said that they intend to deport as many as 3 million undocumented migrants with criminal records .
The supreme court has had eight members since the death of conservative justice Antonin Scalia in February . Senate Republicans have refused to even consider Obama 's nominee for the seat , Merrick Garland .
The vacant seat became a central campaign issue for conservatives , and CBS host Lesley Stahl asked Trump whether they would appoint a supreme court justice who wanted to overturn Roe v Wade , the 1973 case that upheld the right to abortion .
“ So look , ” Trump said . “ Here 's what 's going to happen . I 'm going to – I 'm pro-life . The judges will be pro-life . ”
Pressed , they said : “ Having to do with abortion – if it ever were overturned , it would go back to the states . So it would go back to the states. ” That did not mean women would not be able to get an abortion , Trump said , but “ they 'll perhaps have to go , they 'll have to go to another state ” .
“ Well , we 'll see what happens , ” they added . “ It 's got a long way to go , just so you understand . That has a long , long way to go . ”
In March , Trump suggested that women should face “ some form of punishment ” for having abortions , before reversing and saying states and Congress should lead lawmaking .
Asked by Stahl whether they supported marriage equality , which was made law by the supreme court in Obergefell v Hodges in 2015 , Trump suggested the case did not concern them to the degree of Roe v Wade .
“ It 's irrelevant , ” they said , “ Because it was already settled . It 's law . It was settled in the supreme court . I mean it 's done . ”
Trump 's vice-presidential pick , Indiana governor Mike Pence , has opposed same-sex marriage throughout their career , and supported so-called “ conversion therapy ” programs that purport to change people 's sexual orientation .
Pence also signed a religious freedom law that sought to allow people to refuse service to same-sex couples because of religious convictions .
Trump , however , said they considered the matter resolved . “ These cases have gone to the supreme court , ” they said . “ They 've been settled . I 'm fine with that . ”
They were adamant , on the other hand , about gun rights , saying they wanted to stack the supreme court with justices that would defend those rights . “ Everybody 's talking about the second amendment and they 're trying to dice it up and change it , they 're going to be very pro-second amendment , ” Trump said .
Paul Ryan lists Trump-era priorities as they insist Republicans have 'mandate ' Read more
Gun advocates last won a major battle in the supreme court in the 2008 case District of Columbia v Heller , which ended with a 5-4 ruling written by Scalia that broadly affirmed the personal right to firearms and overturned a handgun-possession ban in Washington DC .
Trump discussed a number of another issues in the CBS interview , including the brutal nature of the election campaign .
“ Sometimes you have to be rougher , ” they said , discussing their behaviour and choice of words in clashes with opponent Hillary Clinton and exchanges with Barack Obama , whom they met at the White House on Thursday , and wish for conciliation now .
Asked if they were still planning to appoint a special prosecutor to look into Clinton 's use of a private email server , a threat to which they added possible jail time when they made it in the second debate last month , they said they would “ think about it ” .
The president-elect wanted , they said , to “ focus on all of these other things that we 've been talking about ” .
Blog
Inspired by what was started at Standing Rock , a group of Indigenous youth fighting the Enbridge Line 3 pipeline will undertake a 250-mile canoe journey across northern Minnesota to stand for the cleanest lakes , the manoomin ( wild rice ) beds and the 1855 treaty territories of the Ojibwe people .
How can you help ? ? Donations or volunteer help welcome ! See below flyer for details or visit https : //www.stopline3.org/paddletoprotect
Home » Featured » Paddle to Protect : A 250-Mile Canoe Journey to # STOPLINE3
About Toyacoyah Brown is an enrolled member of the Comanche Nation , currently living in Chicago . They received their B.A . in Journalism from the University of Oklahoma and an M.A . in Media Studies from the University of Texas at Austin . When she 's not scouring the Internet for fun things to share with PowWows.com readers you can find them digging for vinyl in their local record store or curling up with a good book .
Comments
DJ Khaled has been getting their health on the right track and may have had a health scare .
In a now deleted Instagram post from yesterday ( Oct.20 ) , Khaled is seen sitting up in a hospital bed receiving oxygen at Aventura Hospital in North Miami . The details about their hospitalization are unknown .
After they were released from the hospital , they took to their IG again to post a pic of them and French Montana to show that they were back at it . `` Fresh out back to work thank u for love real talk ! ! ! '' they wrote . `` I promise I 'm going on vacation .. I already book my travel .. Going rest and vibe and win more ! @ wethebestmusic thank u to all my friends and fam checking in real talk thank u luv ! Bless up ! ''
Sorry this is late and not terribly long folks . I was a little under the weather yesterday . -Will
The Portland Timbers ' continued their first week of training in 2014 at Jeld-Wen Field yesterday , continuing to evaluate the new arrivals to the team and mix up their line-ups . The day 's training was an abbreviated one after the long sessions of the first three days .
Trialists and Guest Players
Richie Menjivar remained on trial with the Timbers and practiced primarily with the group of unsigned draftees yesterday .
Goalkeepers Justin Luthy and `` Helmuth Tosh '' also were still on trial with the team yesterday as the Porter continues to look for a young fourth keeper to fill out the roster .
Update : `` Helmuth Tosh '' is actually Joel Helmick , formerly of Longwood University and a 2012 Supplemental Draft pick of the Colorado Rapids .
Injuries and Absences
Michael Harrington continued their time with the USMNT team in their January camp yesterday . Harrington has made their way into the final 22-man roster that will be available for Saturday 's match against Korea . Harrington and Sporting Kansas City 's Matt Besler are the only remaining left backs in camp .
Steven Evans , Rodney Wallace , Diego Valeri , and Steve Zakuani were all absent from the training pitch yesterday . None of the players in that group have taken part in the full team training yet as they are all recovering from off-season surgeries , although Zakuani and Valeri did do some on field workouts with a trainer during Monday 's practice .
Practice Notes
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Thursday voted to remove key roadblocks to increased consolidation among media companies , potentially unleashing new deals among TV , radio and newspaper owners as they seek to better compete with online media .
A couple of people ride the subway as they read newspapers as the train pulls into the Times Square stop in Manhattan , New York , U.S. February 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
The Republican-led FCC voted 3-2 to eliminate the 42-year-old ban on cross-ownership of a newspaper and TV station in a major market . It also voted to make it easier for media companies to buy additional TV stations in the same market , and for local stations to jointly sell advertising time and for companies to buy additional radio stations in some markets .
Big media companies including Tegna Inc , CBS Corp and Nexstar Media Group Inc have cited the expected rule change as motivation for considering expansion opportunities .
“ This is really about helping large media companies grow even bigger , ” said Democratic FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn , adding that Republicans were “ more intent on granting the industry 's holiday wish list early rather than looking out for the public interest . ”
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai defended the rule change , saying it was “ utter nonsense ” that rules banning cross ownership of a newspaper and broadcast station were still in place after massive changes in media over the last four decades .
The decision could also allow Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc , which is seeking approval for its proposed $ 3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media Co , to avoid some divestitures in order to gain approval of the deal .
Moody 's said on Thursday the move was credit-positive for TV broadcasters . “ Under the revised FCC rules , U.S. television broadcasters will benefit from the ability to consolidate local market ownership through acquisitions and station swaps , ” said Jason Cuomo , author of the Moody 's report . “ Broadcasters that increase their scale in local markets will attract more advertising , improve their negotiating leverage and bring down their costs . ”
A federal appeals court , which has been grappling with the FCC 's media ownership rules for more than a decade , is expected to hear challenges to the new rules .
U.S . Senator Bill Nelson , a Florida Democrat , said the vote “ will pave the way for massive broadcast conglomerates to increasingly provide local viewers with nationalized cookie-cutter news and corporate propaganda that 's produced elsewhere . ”
But the National Association of Broadcasters said the rules were “ not only irrational in today 's media environment , but they have also weakened the newspaper industry , cost journalism jobs and forced local broadcast stations onto unequal footing with our national pay-TV and radio competitors . ”
Pai is also expected to call for an initial vote in December to rescind rules prohibiting one company from owning stations that serve more than 39 percent of U.S. television households , Reuters reported on Wednesday , citing two people briefed on the matter .
In April , the FCC voted to reverse a 2016 decision that limits the number of television stations some broadcasters could buy .
Todd Kelly says he 's willing to sacrifice their own driving career at the end of this season if it helps keep the remainder of Nissan Motorsport 's line-up intact .
The shape of the Melbourne-based team 's 2015 campaign is currently uncertain with sponsors Jack Daniel 's and Norton both out-of-contract .
The first to commit to a new manufacturer under the category 's Car of the Future era , the formerly Kelly Racing-branded outfit has struggled for competitiveness with its Nissan Altima package .
While encouraging results have been seen at the past two events , the team is braced for a rougher time on the long straights of Sandown and Bathurst .
Kelly is confident that ongoing development work will eventually yield results , but major performance improvements are unlikely to arrive before key sponsorship decisions are made .
The scenario puts the team in an uncomfortable position with drivers Michael Caruso and James Moffat , who signed a multi-year deal with the team last December .
Although the vast majority of key seats have already been filled , both drivers have been mentioned as possibilities for Volvo Polestar Racing 's # 34 S60 , which looks unlikely to be campaigned by Swede Robert Dahlgren for a second season .
Keen to keep both drivers on board and needing to ensure the team remains commercially funded , Kelly admits that their own place behind the wheel is far from certain .
“ 100 percent , ” they told Speedcafe.com when asked if he 'd sacrifice their own seat if one of the four current drivers needed to be replaced for commercial reasons . “ But we 'll see whether or if we get to that point . ”
Kelly stresses that their team must do everything it can to keep its key staff and continue its current four-car model , regardless of any decisions from Jack Daniel 's and Norton .
“ It will be ( affected by the commercial side ) , but in situations like this you really need to take a gamble and back yourselves to wrap the commercial side of it around the guys we have , ” they said .
“ If we lose any of the drivers we 're going to have a decrease in stability and performance , which will make it even harder to attract sponsors . It 's important that we do n't disturb any of that stuff . ”
They added of needing to maintain four cars : “ With what we need to do development wise with the engine and the car , it 's impossible to do that without all of our manufacturing capability .
“ It would n't be affordable to out-source any component of that and the manufacturing capability that we have does n't stack up unless we have four cars .
“ If we went back to two cars , we would n't be able to release many staff members at all , so it makes no sense to think about that . ”
Although playing a role in the team 's engineering department at its workshop , Kelly is so confident in their squad 's track staff that they say they may not even attend events if no longer a driver .
Appearing as a co-driver in the Pirtek Enduro Cup would n't be guaranteed , either .
“ I do n't know whether I 'd necessarily want to just come back and do the three rounds , I 'm not sure , ” they said .
“ I 'd need to see what it feels like to be out of the car when that time comes . ”
Prior to starting Kelly Racing in 2009 , Kelly had spent eight full-time seasons with Walkinshaw Racing and one with Perkins Engineering .
That era saw the Mildura native a consistent front-runner , chalking up 19 race wins , including success at the Sandown 500 and Bathurst 1000 .
“ I still definitely would have started a team , ” they said when asked if they regret moving away from a driver-only role .
“ There 's only two or three things in all this Car of the Future scramble and having new manufacturers involved I would have done a lot differently .
“ It 's put undue stress through the whole business , what we 're having to do , for the past two years now .
“ The problem is that we 're doing twice as much as any other team . We 're only a race team on the race weekends , we 're a research and development operation , and a manufacturing operation , more so than we are a race team .
“ When we can get through that phase and just focus 80 percent on actually racing the cars , running a four-car team with the people that we 've got involved is an easy thing to do .
“ At the end of the day we will get on top of it . It 's going to be one of the toughest things for us to get through , not just the logistics of it but also financially , but when we do it 'd be a pretty big achievement to come out the other end . ”
9/11 :
CONSPIRACY THEORIES vs. FACTS
Why It Still Matters
Unending War & Defense Spending
Spying , Torture , Abuse of Power
Still No Justice for Victims 13 Years Later
LEARN MORE :
Wednesday , Sept. 10 , 2014 , 6:00 pm - Anthrax Attacks Dissected
Thursday , Sept. 11 , 8:00 pm - Architects Engineers for 9/11 Truth Q A
Thursday , Sept. 11 , 9:00 pm - Film Screening Debut in DC
Wednesday , September 10 , 2014
National Press Club ,
6:00 pm to 9:00 pm
“ Anthrax Attacks : Officially Acknowledged False Flag Attacks Of 2001 ” with Barry Kissin
McClendon Room K 529 14th St. NW , 13th Floor , Wash. DC 20045
Dinner available , about $ 15 , small donations welcome for room expenses .
Ultimately , the U.S. Government acknowledged that the mailing of the anthrax letters in Septembe r and October of 2001 was an inside job , thus conceding that these were false flag attacks . The evidence is also clear that the original plan that fell apart was to make it appear that the 9/11 attacksand the anthrax attacks were a one-two punch orchestrated by the same Muslim “ terrorists . ”
Barry Kissin is an attorney and journalist based in Frederick , MD , home of Fort Detrick , the confirmed source of the anthrax letters .
Thursday , September 11 , 2014
Bus Boys and Poets , 1025 5th Street , Washington , DC
8:00 pm to 9:00 pm
Q & A Dinner with Engineer Wayne Coste from Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth
Wayne H. Coste , P.E . is an engineer and board mem AE911Truth . Its mission is to dispel misinformation and disinformation with scientific facts and forensic evidence to educate and motivate thousands of architects , engineers as well as the public at large , and obtain a truly independent WTC investigation with subpoena power .
9:00 PM to 10:30 PM
Film Screening Debut : THE ANATOMY OF A GREAT DECEPTION
SYNOPSIS
The film is a fast-paced , “ docu-thriller , ” following one man 's peek behind the curtain of the official 9/11 story . As their investigation progresses they struggle to cope with the findings of their own research and the impact it has on their life and those around him .
In the film , business person-turned-filmmaker , David Hooper takes the audience down the `` rabbit hole '' to get a deeper look at the evidence . They present a compelling case for why , even after a decade , the story of 9/11 remains relevant .
PURPOSE OF THE FILM
Many questions remain and the people behind the film hope to get the issue pushed deeper into the mainstream . This film is intended to be a fascinating , thorough and gentle introduction to the realities of 9/11 for people that have n't been exposed to the controversies surrounding the official story . The film is also meant to be a tool for those in the 9/11-truth movement to help broach the topic with skeptics . In other words , it 's meant to be a bridge , no matter what side of the 9/11-fence we sit .
This documentary follows entrepreneur turned filmmaker , David Hooper , as they deal with the emotions of discovering the truth about 9/11 and a world-wide deception . Part 1 , `` How 9/11 Woke Me Up '' focuses on the initial discovery of a possible conspiracy and coping with the emotions involved in searching for truth .
The story lays the groundwork for a deeper analysis of 9/11 , mainstream media , how the masses might be deceived , and biblical prophecy as it seemingly unfolds in our modern-day world .
Certain material used with permission by Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth ( http : //ae911truth.org )
Running Time 99 minutes .
Comments
`` The research is beautifully woven into Hooper 's story as they discover the truth about our world . '' - E. Wentworth , Florida .
`` Well organized , fascinating and intense . You 'll will come out with some deep inner questions to answer for yourself . '' - M.J. Lefevre , Michigan
`` Unbelievable . Excellent . I am speechless . '' - `` J. Drougas , Illinois
Reserve tickets here : https : //www.eventbrite.com/e/911-film-debut-anatomy-of-a-great-deception-tickets-12794030289
Sponsored by http : //www.dc911truth.org
JOIN THE GROWING CITIZEN MOVEMENT TO DEMAND REAL JUSTICE
DC911TRUTH.ORG
I 've been on a North Korean rollercoaster and it was awesome
Over the last few months President Kim Jong-un has been photographed and videoed seemingly trying to breathe life into their capital . They visited a basketball court , cut the ribbon at an opening ceremony ( admittedly , for The Exhibition of Arms and Equipment of the Korean People 's Army ) and politely clapped while dancers dressed as Disney characters frolicked on stage . But their visits to amusement parks have arguably drawn the most attention . In May , they called an amusement park they visited `` pitiful . `` On Wednesday , North Korean state media announced that Kim Jong-un was visiting yet another amusement park-and announced for the first time , almost casually , that the woman accompanying them was their wife .
Surprisingly , Pyongyang actually has a really good amusement park . As I wrote on this blog in January , on the last night of a September visit to the country , my guides announced with great pleasure that we would be visiting the Kaeson Fun Fair . Pyongyang , with its tall , decrepit buildings , wide boulevards traversed by rotting trolleys , and citizens who seem to be still even when they 're moving , feels like a post-apocalyptic Detroit . Needless to say I had low expectations for the Ferris wheels of Pyongyang .
Boy was I wrong .
The park had brand-new rides , allegedly and believably imported from Italy ( Unfortunately , this does n't appear to be the park Kim Jong-un visited with their wife ) . The pirate-ship ride elicited shrieks from the North Koreans and the foreign tourists because it was a genuinely and enjoyably riveting . I also rode the bumper cars and an exhilirating belly down ‘ flying ' roller coaster , dubbed the superman ride .
A restaurant sold burgers and soda ( though generic versions ; there 's still no Coca-Cola in North Korea ) , and stands around the park sold glasses of water for what at the time worked out to be around six cents . In the parts of Pyongyang we were allowed to visit , we saw a lot of dour , unsmiling North Koreans . But those at the park appeared genuinely excited and happy to be on the rides ; they screamed in fear as the Pirate Ship dipped and clowned around taking photographs in front of an artificial garden . It was a disarmingly normal experience .
As for that foreigner riding the amusement park ride with Kim Jong-un ? It 's possible that he 's a relative of Joe Dresnok , an American who defected to North Korea in 1962 and has lived there ever since , or a foreign diplomat or businessperson living in Pyongyang , of which there are dozens , if not hundreds , of Caucasians . In any case , it was n't me .
I read a really interesting post on Live Otherwise the other day . It was talking about the idea of basic income , an economic theory where every adult is given a fixed yearly income , for example £10,000 . This is in lieu of unemployment benefit , state pension etc . read their post for more on it here .
I like the idea , and it is a fairly radical and different suggestion . Yes , some people may choose not to work , but most people like to be occupied . Even most lottery winners stay working , even if they completely change their approach or start their own business . Most of us would be bored doing nothing , but it would give people freedom to pursue different ways of working – start that business you always dreamed of , study for a vocation you always yearned for but could n't afford , or simply carry on , knowing that you will always have that basic fall back .
Higher earners would still get it , but higher taxes at that end of the scale would see it clawed back that way . It is not about making everyone richer , just about guaranteeing that everyone has a certain income level .
Me and my OH were having one of our regular rants discussions in front of Question Time last night , and this time we veered down the route of evolution . I proposed that the system we have , where 85 people have accumulated half the worlds money , is the inevitable conclusion of survival of the fittest .
Until fairly recent times , survival has meant that the natural drive has been to fight for resources for you and your family . This would have once meant the strongest had the best living area , the best food , and the best chance of fighting off a sabre toothed tiger .
In the first world perhaps this drive for the best resources has become slightly skewed into the drive for the most money . Money effectively equals resources these days , so are those 85 money greedy , incredibly wealthy people just the pinnacle of Darwin 's theory ?
And if that is the case how do we shift evolution to a different path ? Not just survival of the fittest , not just survival of our own genetic line , but the survival of humanity . Can we just override the fundamentally selfish drive of evolution by using our consciences to think of others ? I would like to think so . And something like the basic income would be a good starting point would n't it ? Everyone gets at least a piece of the pie , and then it is up to them to decide if they want to increase that share and how they want to do that .
Of course , it is hardly socialism at it 's purest , there would still be huge gaps between rich and poor , but I like the idea that it would remove the ‘ scroungers ' label . I like the idea that it may free up creative minds to magic up wonderful things that add to our culture , I like the idea that parents would have more freedom to decide when and how much they work around their families , I like the idea of everyone having dignity .
Of course really what I like is the idea that half the worlds population pop on highway men 's masks and turn up on the doorstep of those 85 with the famous ‘ Your money or your life ' offer , and then we share the whole damn lot out fairly . 3 billion odd versus 85 seems like reasonable odds to me , but maybe they have spent all their cash on a robot army ? ! Plus , you know , robbery is against the law of the land , even if hoarding all the money for yourself is n't .
I have n't actually read Darwin , have you ? Can evolution evolve too ? I should hope so , then perhaps it can shift its aims a little now the rules have changed a bit . I spend half my day telling my two year old to share , they are learning the lesson , even if their genes tell them to keep everything for himself , perhaps we should send Super Nanny to the secret lair of the super rich ( come on , if I had that much in the bank , I would totally build a hidden hang out in the basement of a volcano ) , and they can put them on the naughty step until they learn to share too .
Enough rambling , am off to hunt mammoths , and find a new cave – this one is very 1990s .
Love Miss Cisco XXX
MUMBAI : The Facebook fracas in the Palghar township triggered national outrage that resulted in the suspension of two top police officials . However , the rioting mob , which ransacked Dr Abdul Dhada 's hospital , could escape the consequences of their crimes if , as activists say , the Maharashtra government acts according to its past ‘ politics of pardon ' in riot , arson and other related cases.State interference in riot cases , as empowered by the Criminal Procedure Code , has resulted in thousands of rioters going scot-free , with the powers-that-be in Mantralaya time and again withdrawing charges or denying permission for criminal prosecution . Meanwhile , victims of the violence have suffered monetary losses or grievous hurt , and have been left to fend for themselves in silence.Thane-based activist Nitin Deshpande said that , often , the government 's withdrawal of cases or denial of permission to prosecute is “ more to suit political masters than to correct any wrong by law-enforcing agencies . In the process , the spirit of the law is diluted ” .On November 18 , around 50 unknown people allegedly caused lakhs of rupees worth of damage to Dhada 's hospital because their niece had uploaded a comment lamenting the shutdown due to Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray 's funeral . Only 10 men were arrested , but they received bail of Rs 7,500 each . Similar rioters have walked free in the past.In 1995-99 , the Sena-BJP government withdrew charges against 24 Sena activists booked for rioting and ransacking the office of a Marathi eveninger . The Sena-BJP regime 's chief minister Manohar Joshi also granted a state ‘ pardon ' in over 200 cases registered against saffron cadres charged in the communal frenzy of the 1992-93 Mumbai riots.Sena chief Bal Thackeray also eluded action in a 1992-93 riots-related case after being accused of inflammatory speech in signed editorials in party mouthpiece Saamna after the Babri Masjid 's demolition . Their signed editorials allegedly sought to promote enmity and hatred between communities and resulted in massacres on the streets of Mumbai . Joshi , however , reasoned that pursuing the cases would reopen old wounds and cause more harm than heal. “ It 's not only a case of misusing discretion given to the state government , but a sheer mockery of the crime and judicial system , ” said advocate Suhas Oak . “ When a crime has been notified and such a serious offence committed , which also results in financial loss to a private person or destruction of public property , there should not be any leniency and interference from the state. ” In 1996 , the Sena-BJP government , in keeping with its pre-poll promise , dropped charges in over 1,000 cases registered under the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes ( Prevention of Atrocities ) Act . The cases related to riots and attacks on dalits in the wake of the January 1994 decision to rename Marathwada University as Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar University.The Sena-BJP has not been alone in being generous to its cadres . In 2002-03 , the Congress-NCP-led Democratic Front government withdrew charges against 51,442 people allegedly involved in riots and street agitations for political and social reasons . Most cases concerned the riots that followed the desecration of an Ambedkar statue in 1998.In an interesting non-riot case in 2004 , during chief minister Sushilkumar Shinde 's Congress-NCP-led regime , the government -- as an “ after-thought ” , according to activist Deshpande -- withdrew Prevention of Terrorism Act cases against 25 people from Solapur who were allegedly found in possession of firearms and explosives . The state 's explanation was that the police had wrongly framed the Solapur suspects and the material recovered from them were country-made bombs and knives . Pota charges were dropped and charges were filed under the Indian Explosives Act. “ It could be the most absurd reasoning considering that Solapur had experienced communal riots in 2002 and these people were held with life-threatening arms , ” said Deshpande . “ Where was the case for leniency ? But , I guess political considerations outweigh everything else. ” Deshpande said the decisions to withdraw cases or deny permission to prosecute are “ politically motivated ” . They amount to state pardons to the rioters who challenged the law of the land and caused damage to private or public property . Such acts of dropping charges mid-way through a trial only embolden future rioters , they said.Oak said any decision on such crimes should be taken by the courts ; the power to punish or acquit the suspects , or drop charges , should be left to the courts and not the executive or legislative branches.Deshpande said justice should be swift in cases of public offences and rioters should compensate for the damage done to private property as well . The authorities should check the annual income-tax returns or property holdings of those convicted in riot or arson cases and accordingly make them pay back for the damage done to private or public property . : Riots happen because of government patronageStatistics , in this case , tell the full story . Riots happen primarily because of government and police patronage . The Palghar case involving the two girls ' Facebook comments has got halfway to its justified end only because of media pressure ; left to themselves , the government and the police would have sided wholly with the law-breakers . At the end of the day , riots and forced shutdowns ( like the one Palghar saw on Wednesday ) are a politician 's ultimate show of power . That explains why governments go out of their way to treat rioters with kid gloves .
IT started as a dark office joke .
But Better Together is n't laughing any more . When the Sunday Herald revealed last month that some members of the pro-Union campaign were privately referring to themselves as `` Project Fear '' , it went viral .
Soon after bloggers and Twitter users picked up on it , SNP headquarters and the Yes Scotland campaign had latched on .
SNP MPs even raised Project Fear in the House of Commons , taunting the Prime Minister and their Scotland Office ministers about it .
`` It was a joke in the office , '' admitted one of those in the No camp , who said it was a riposte to the SNP 's knee-jerk claim that everything from the Unionist side is scaremongering .
But was it purely a joke , or was it a more telling Freudian slip ?
Now the phrase Project Fear has escaped , there 's no going back.Indeed , Yes Scotland intends to build what it sees as a Better Together own-goal into the bricks of the referendum campaign .
Although they are n't officially calling themselves Project Hope yet – that 's still at the office joke stage – they are emphasising the contrast between hope and fear in public .
`` This was cocky and dangerous from the other side , and it 's a big window of opportunity for us , '' said one of those in the Yes campaign .
`` There 's been a shift over the last two or three weeks . You can see the news value of all these negative reports from Westminster and Better Together getting less and less . They 're suffering from diminishing returns . ''
The episode has turned a spotlight on the power or otherwise of negative campaigning in the independence debate .
Some involved believe that , just as the Yes side has no choice but to sell hope , the No side has no choice but to sell fear , as simply selling the status quo never satisfies voters .
For Yes Scotland , there 's no doubt which wins . Its strategist , Stephen Noon , has a mantra that positive campaigns always beat negative ones . Think of President Obama 's `` Change you can believe in '' from the 2008 US election .
Alex Salmond states it as fact , too . One of the big innovations under Salmond 's second-round leadership of the SNP was the use of positive psychology in campaigning , talking up Scotland 's `` can do '' side , rather than moaning about being thwarted by the UK .
The party hierarchy credit this shift , in 2005 and 2006 , with helping them to win and hold power .
It seems good evidence , but in elections politicians are essentially selling themselves – `` Vote for me , not the other chump '' – whereas the referendum is about a separate proposition .
Noon freely admits Labour 's `` divorce is an expensive business '' campaign in 1999 damaged the SNP in the first Holyrood election .
After that , the SNP parked the independence issue by making it subject to a referendum it honestly thought it would never hold .
Asked to back up their claim that a positive campaign always beats a negative , Noon refers to psychological research from the US that found upbeat presidential candidates won 90 % of the time against relatively downbeat ones .
But when the Sunday Herald tracked down the original research , it was based on analysing the `` pessimistic rumination '' exhibited in a single speech from each candidate . Even its authors cautioned against generalising its findings to other elections .
Pressed on the point , it 's clear the iron rule that positive campaigning wins is actually an assertion .
`` Is this a belief or a fact ? It 's a belief , '' says Noon .
Negative campaigning also has a proven , if shabby , record of success .
Exhibit A : the constant attacks on Labour leader Neil Kinnock in 1992 that helped John Major squeak back into Downing Street .
But Noon is undaunted , saying the unionist parties have become stuck in a rut : `` They 've been running the same campaign for decades , the same things over and over again . ''
Professor James Mitchell of Strathclyde University , who co-wrote a paper on how the SNP 's positive messages helped it win in 2007 , said the referendum would be `` a classic case of hope versus fear '' .
They said : `` There is no universal law on positive versus negative campaigning . What the SNP showed in 2007 and 2011 was that positive campaigning works if you want to win government . But there is ample evidence that negative campaigning works too .
`` We simply do n't know the precise conditions under which the mix of positive and negative campaigning works best . Credibility is important . A campaign promising a positive future that lacks credibility is pointless . ''
At the moment , Better Together has a twin-track `` head and heart '' pitch for the Union .
The head part is what we 've seen most of so far – the analytical papers from Whitehall , the questions over the detail of EU membership , the currency and the welfare state – all of which are legitimate areas for debate , but which are not exactly looking to the sunny uplands .
The second part , the heart , comes next , with emotional appeals to shared history , shared sacrifices and shared institutions like the NHS , and the rest of the UK 's gratitude for Scotland 's ongoing contribution to the Union .
But if the head argument starts to backfire , can Better Together rely solely on the heart ?
`` If they go positive , what they 're left with is cultural nationalism , '' says one Yes insider . `` It 'll be Kate 's baby , the Union Jack , the British Lions , all that stuff – a cultural sentiment in favour of Great Britain . But Scots might just find that annoying or underwhelming . The heart is an unpredictable place . ''
A Better Together source said the Nationalists ' obsession with Project Fear was a bid to distract voters from the truth of independence .
`` Alongside Salmond talking about Bitter Together in Parliament , Sturgeon taking to the airwaves to feign mock outrage about a phrase that nobody used or uses in anything remotely approaching a serious way , is the most cringeworthy episode of the debate so far . ''
5 $ doodles speacil ! for a limited time please read
By GeekOfLove ,
So for a week or so im going to be doing 5 $ doodles .. not just livestream because im having money issuses
So if you buy more than 2 you get the third one free
example of doodles are
http : //www.furaffinity.net/view/12000671/
http : //www.furaffinity.net/view/12015905/
If you have questions comment
and if you want one comment in this journal with a ref and personality your character has .
Slots will be here
1~
2~
3~
4~
5~ If your feeling kind it would help this to get spread aroundSo for a week or so im going to be doing 5 $ doodles .. not just livestream because im having money issusesSo if you buy more than 2 you get the third one freeexample of doodles areIf you have questions commentand if you want one comment in this journal with a ref and personality your character has.Slots will be here1~2~3~4~5~ 2 comments
Syria has been listed as a state sponsor of terrorism in the US since 1979 . ( AFP/File )
Follow > Disable alert for Hayat NorimineFollow Disable alert for Damascus Disable alert for Syrian government Disable alert for Bashar al-Assad Follow >
A WikiLeaks document of an alleged telegram sent from Damascus appears to show the US had big plans when it came to Syria — long before the conflict began in 2011 .
In the 2006 document classified as `` secret , '' the US allegedly wrote plans to want to destabilize the Syrian government .
That in itself may not be very interesting ; the US is not exactly known for its support for President Bashar al-Assad . The whole country has been listed as a `` state sponsor of terrorism '' since 1979 . The devil , however , is in the details .
There have been several conspiracy theories when it comes to the US involvement with Daesh ( ISIS ) — creating the militant group to overthrow Assad and destabilize the region . This document appears to support some of those theories .
`` Possible actions '' to destabilize the regime addressed lots of issues that continue to play on Middle Eastern politics today , often seeming to have a disregard for the consequences for Syrians . Strategies included using the media to cause `` Bashar personal angst and may lead them to act irrationally . ''
Another listed strategy was playing on `` Sunni fears of Iranian influence , '' a description that seems to fit the militants who formed Daesh .
Take a look at the full document here .
By Hayat Norimine
Follow @ AlBawaba_loop
As RepliCel prepares for a potentially major year in their business development , their CEO Lee Buckler discusses with the Investing News Network its plans and the shift the company is experiencing .
Lee Buckler , president , director and CEO of RepliCel Life Sciences ( TSXV : RP ; OTCQB : REPCF ) finds their company in a very particular situation . Throughout 2017 RepliCel took decisive steps to solidify their business plan moving forward . However , these moves –building a functioning prototype for their dermal injector and obtaining solid clinical data for their stem cell therapies for hair loss and skin damage– have n't moved the needle for the company 's stock yet .
RepliCel has existed for the past year in a “ pre-revenue stage , ” something that Buckler said in an interview with the Investing News Network ( INN ) can get “ frustrating , ” because the company expects better for themselves and their shareholders .
Year-to-date , the company 's stock price on the TSXV has dipped 51.58 percent , while on the OTC it has dropped 42.69 percent .
In September the company introduced the much-anticipated prototype for its RCI-02 dermal injectors , with promising technology and a design overlooked by experts in the industry . The new data will allow the company to prepare for a CE Mark approval . If obtained , the device will be commercially allowed to enter the European market .
“ We 've come to believe this is a very exciting next-generation technology that will enable both a new level of consistency in terms of the outcomes of injections , ” Buckler told INN , explaining the company worked with dermatologists to develop the design of RCI-02 .
RepliCel 's stem cell candidates could enter Japanese market
The company 's stem cell research has led to a promising licensing deal in Japan with Shiseido ( TYO:4911 ) . This company can activate a rush of revenue for RepliCel if it brings RCH-01 to the market . This is one of their candidates designed to treat androgenetic alopecia ( hair loss ) . RepliCel also has candidates for tendon repair and a skin rejuvenation treatment .
Colin Lee Novick , managing director of CJ PARTNERS explained in Japan the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency ( PMDA ) approved products under the Japanese PMD Act , this means the product gets to be covered by the national health insurance system .
“ Of the three products that RepliCel has—for tendons , skin and the hair androgenic alopecia product—one is a shoo-in for the PMD Act , the tendon product . The other two would allow it to release under something called the Act on the Safety of Regenerative Medicine ( ASRM ) , which is a new law passed in tandem with the revision of the PMD Act in 2013-2014 , ” Novick told Streetwise Reports .
Below is a transcript of our interview , which has been edited for clarity and brevity . Read on to find out more of what Buckler had to say .
Read our new 2019 medical device report today Including : 3+ stocks to watch as well as valuable market data Including : 3+ stocks to watch as well as valuable market data Get My Free Report Click here to download for free
INN : What is the latest with the dermal injector business at RepliCel ?
LB : The dermal injector was one of the key programs we had aligned ourselves to progress with this year and it 's our nearest from commercial asset . Ironically it 's the [ latest ] asset that we started developing . By virtue of it being a medical device–and the commercial opportunity it represents– [ it 's ] the asset we intend to launch first .
We have made some significant progress this year on the device . We have… a fully functioning prototype of the device and we are on schedule , as our shareholders are aware , to get the subject of a CE mark application and CE Mark approval next year , which is the approval necessary to launch the product in Europe .
INN : Are you planning to launch first in Europe rather than in the US ?
LB : That 's correct . A lot of medical device companies launch in Europe , simply because the regulatory pathway for medical devices in Europe is somewhat more attractive for an initial launch . It tends to be a shorter pathway to launch for medical devices , while you continue to seek the necessary regulatory approval in the US and other places .
INN : Right now what do you evaluate will be the impact of the launch of the dermal injector ?
LB : For the company and its shareholders we are excited about the fact that this will be a commercial asset that we are working hard to drive some exciting adoption around for the existing skin treatments that are out there .
In the longer term , we are excited about this dermal injector as an integral companion to the cell therapy that we are developing for aging and sun damaged skin as well .
INN : Moving into these therapies , you 've had some recent announcements regarding the trials of these candidates . What are the next steps in the development of the cell therapies ?
LB : My note to the shareholders [ at the start of 2017 ] said we should be expecting three things from the company this year . One was clinical data and we… are anticipating successful clinical data . Two was the prototypes of the device , to put us on track for it to be commercially approved in 2018 . Third [ was ] deal making . We 've had a very exciting year , I think , in all three aspects .
We started out the year with some successful phase 1 clinical trial data across our entire platform . We announced data on our hair program , our tendon program and on our skin program , establishing an overwhelming safety profile across the pipeline .
“ We really are expecting to transition the company ”
INN : Are you planning for the launch of the dermal injector or the continued development of the cell therapies to provide a catalyst for your stock performance next year ?
LB : We have a number of catalysts I 'm looking forward to next year . We got the approval on the dermal injector and we expect that will drive significant market interest in the device , as well as partner interest as we move toward and secure commercial approval of the device .
We really are expecting to transition the company… from a pure pre-revenue play to a company that 's generating revenue .
There 's a possibility… that [ our ] hair products could have an early launch in Japan . Our partner Shiseido is funding a clinical trial in Japan that 's expected to release clinical data next year . It 's entirely up to Shiseido what they do in regards to this product . There 's certainly a possibility that they could decide if the data is positive , to launch the product in Japan and that would trigger… milestone payments and sales royalty revenue .
Finally , the third catalyst shareholders can expect over the next 12 to 15 months is some more deal-making . We have a tremendously exciting pipeline of negotiations going on right now across our entire product portfolio . We are working very hard to deliver our second major partnership deal before year-end . We are working towards announcing something more exciting [ and ] similar deals in the new year as well .
INN : You mention being in this stage of pre-revenue and existing in this waiting space . How difficult is it for you as leader of this company to be in a stage where you know things are about to ramp up for RepliCel and you may have big announcements coming , but it 's hard to keep the attention of the market ?
LB : It is frustrating at times when you see a disconnect between what you think is the value of the company and the value of the pipeline you are building and the share price . At the end of the day , the market reflects what it believes to be fair market value .
What we try to communicate to shareholders right now is that we 've never been more confident or excited… this year has really changed the tenor of the company . We are driven by the clinical data we 've seen as opposed to in vitro data or animal data or scientific hypothesis .
We have a functioning prototype of our device that shows precisely how it works and gives us confidence that 's something game-changing we can launch next year .
We just [ have to ] keep the faith . We know that with these biotech stories the thing that 's exciting about them [ is that ] their valuation can change very dramatically , very quickly on the right deal , the right data , or the right bio .
Do n't forget to follow us @ INN_LifeScience and @ INN_Cannabis for real-time news updates !
Securities Disclosure : I , Bryan Mc Govern , hold no direct investment interest in any company mentioned in this article .
Editorial Disclosure : The Investing News Network does not guarantee the accuracy or thoroughness of the information reported in this article . The opinions expressed in these interviews do not reflect the opinions of the Investing News Network and do not constitute investment advice . All readers are encouraged to perform their own due diligence .
Zombicide : Green Horde Overview
They were a brave people , living on the edge of the Orcish lands on the Western frontier . It was a rough country , where nature grows wild , and the weather can change at a moment 's notice . They fought with the brutish Orcs many times , withstanding raids on their villages and fields . Never once , in all those battles , did they consider leaving for safer regions of the world . This was their land , their ancestor 's land . Generations had grown up in its green forests and fields , taking what the earth gave them , and defending what was theirs . But the Orcs were relentless , becoming bolder and bolder as time went on .
When the plague hit , it was n't long before the Orcs became infected . All it took was one bite , and the sickness spread through their ranks like wildfire . What the plague robbed the Orcs of in intelligence , agency , and personality , it replaced with a single-minded goal : destroy the living and feast on their flesh . The Orcs band together now , a pack , a horde . They travel the countryside , attacking the towns they come across , but now stealing some crops or a cow or two does n't suffice . They 're not satisfied until the people of the village are dead… or perhaps worse , undead .
Zombicide : Green Horde is coming to Kickstarter on May 30 . It is the standalone sequel to Zombicide : Black Plague . Set in the same medieval era , players will take on the role of Survivors looking to defeat the shuffling , undead menace by any means possible .
In Green Horde , up to six players can join the battle for survival . They 'll combine forces and work cooperatively to accomplish their goals , and against all odds , stay alive . Fans of the Zombicide series have become familiar with the Walkers , Runners , Fatties , and Abominations that shuffle around , looking for victims . But the creatures they will face are not just zombie humans , they 're zombie Orcs ! The Survivors will have to gear up with a wide variety of medieval equipment if they hope to outlast these fearsome foes . Zombie Orcs are stronger than the classic zombie and represent a stiffer challenge to even seasoned undead-hunting veterans .
Orc Walkers used to be the grunt warriors of the Orcish tribes . Their intelligence is gone , but they retain their strength and ferocity in battle . Orc Fatties were the real strength of the tribes . Tougher than even the average Orc , battles with them should not be entered into lightly . The Runners in Zombicide : Green Horde were once goblins , the smaller cousins of Orcs . They are fast , unpredictable , and have retained their instincts for survival . Not much is known about the origins of the Orcish Abominations . However , there are two things that are certain : you 'll need to have a solid plan to destroy them , and you 'll need an escape route . As the different zombies are dispatched , the Survivors will earn experience points , unlocking abilities and better preparing them for the challenges they will face .
A new challenge for the Survivors is the Horde . It represents a growing group of Orc zombies that are ready to enter the board in an unexpected location and ambush the Survivors . As zombie cards with the Horde symbol are drawn , one extra zombie miniature of the same type is set aside , collectively forming the Horde . They will be locked into place until an “ Enter the Horde ! ” card is drawn , spawning the Horde on the board . Any Survivor caught on their own near this roving menace would best beat a hasty retreat .
With such menacing new foes , the Survivors are going to have their hands full dealing with the Green Horde . Luckily , they 'll have some awesome new weapons and spells on their side to help combat the rotting masses . Things like the Lava Burst , the Norse Sword , and the Bone Kukri will all be helpful when hacking through a pack of the undead . Oh , and if they should gather together too tightly , the Survivors can always hit them with the catapult… ( did we not mention the catapult ? ) .
Zombicide : Green Horde includes ten new challenging quests , featuring some of the toughest scenarios a Survivor has ever had to face . With new terrain , like ledges and water holes , and the ever-present threat of the Green Horde making an appearance , the team will have to plan their routes carefully . Sometimes avoiding trouble is better than facing it head on ! Zombicide : Green Horde is the next chapter in the ever-evolving world of Zombicide . There 's no rest for the Survivors if they hope to battle their way to a new hope and a new beginning .
Fans of the series will delight in the new challenges���placed in front of them , but Zombicide : Green Horde is also a great introduction to the series . Even new players will be firing Spiked Bows or Telekinetic Blasts at the enemy in no time .
Strap on your armor , sharpen your sword , and prepare for adventure . Zombicide : Green Horde is coming to Kickstarter on May 30 , and only the brave need apply .
Related news
Stories of horrific crimes resulting from drug use have been propagated by the media for over a century . Such stories began with cocaine in 1914 and were followed by “ reefer madness ” stories in the 1930s and reports of “ LSD murders ” in the 1960s . Our latest drug said to be associated with murderous stories is a “ bath salt ” called Flakka , which some media have even called a “ zombie drug . ”
It 's gained this moniker by being associated with bizarre and violent behavior of some drug users .
In August , 19-year-old Austin Harrouff attacked and killed a couple in their Florida home , and they were found biting the face and abdomen of one of their victims . The attacker 's parents reported they had displayed strange behavior for months prior to the incident and that they possibly suffered from undiagnosed schizophrenia . Authorities , however , believed Harouff was likely high on the new street drug called Flakka , as use had previously been attributed to widespread incidents of strange and sometimes violent behavior .
On Nov. 23 , however , media coverage of Harouff 's toxicology tests revealed that Flakka was not detected in Harrouff 's system . Thus , this “ cannibal ” incident did not involve the drug , as was widely believed .
Regardless , Flakka is a new and potentially dangerous synthetic drug . Flakka is a street name for alpha-PVP – a very potent synthetic cathinone drug . Synthetic cathinones are a new variety of amphetamine-like street drugs , which are commonly referred to as “ bath salts . ”
Flakka is a very potent and inexpensive stimulant . In fact , it appears to be more potent than methamphetamine , and it is believed to have higher addictive potential . Flakka use has been found to be associated with paranoia , delusions and hallucinations ( which may be somewhat dependent on frequent and/or extensive use ) . Within 16 months ( 2014-2015 ) in Fort Lauderdale and its suburbs alone , 63 supposed Flakka users died from acute intoxication , accidents , suicides and homicides .
Flakka is particularly infamous for being tied to rashes of bizarre behavior in Florida and recently in Australia .
“ Bath salts ” such as Flakka quickly became extremely stigmatized drugs in response to media coverage of users supposedly turning into zombies or cannibals . As someone who studies drug use epidemiology , I think it is very important to separate truth from myth when it comes to drugs .
Cannibals and zombies high on ‘ bath salts ' ?
The zombie/cannibal label phenomenon began in Miami on May 26 , 2012 when Rudy Eugene – naked and thought to be high on “ bath salts ” – chewed the face and eyeball off of a homeless man . The attacker was killed by police , and the homeless man was left disfigured and blind .
Alan Diaz/AP
However , toxicology tests later confirmed that “ bath salts ” were not present in the attacker 's system .
Still , the zombie/cannibal pop culture phenomenon had begun and would continue .
Prevalence of self-reported “ bath salt ” use among high school seniors remained relatively stable at about 1 percent over the last few years ; however , between 2012 and 2016 , perceived harmfulness of trying “ bath salts ” nearly doubled – from 33 percent to 58 percent . This is likely a result of the zombie/cannibal label , as perception of harm often leads to less use .
The belief that Flakka or other “ bath salt ” use can turn you into a zombie or cannibal appears to have been a somewhat effective deterrent against use . However , what a lot of young people do n't know is that they have been using Flakka or other “ bath salts , ” or both , without knowing it , as these drugs are common adulterants , in “ Molly ” – the newest street name for ecstasy/MDMA .
Last year I collected hair samples from dozens of nightclub and dance festival attendees in New York City to be tested for new psychoactive substances . Many attendees joked that they would never use “ bath salts ” as “ they are not zombies or cannibals . ”
But what my colleagues and I actually found was that among self-reported ecstasy users who denied “ bath salt ” use ( after being provided a list of dozens of compounds in this class ) , four out of 10 actually tested positive for one of more of these compounds .
So a lot of drug users are actually using Flakka and/or other “ bath salts ” unknowingly or unintentionally , thinking it 's Molly . ( And no , these people did n't turn into cannibals or zombies . )
Let 's try to get the facts straight
While information based on falsehoods can help deter people from ( intentionally ) using potentially dangerous drugs such as Flakka , legitimate and truthful information is needed not only to deter use , but also to prevent those who reject abstinence from experiencing harm .
Sometimes scary information works to deter drug use . But “ scary ” should be based on truthful information about potentially harmful drugs . If we continue to exaggerate adverse effects , then this can work against our prevention efforts in two ways .
First , potential users – especially experienced drug users – may disregard our warnings . Second , exaggerating dangerous effects usually leads to increased stigma toward those who use or happen to be dependent on the drug . This usually leads only to further ostracization and a lower likelihood of seeking treatment .
Drug-induced cannibalism now appears to be a hot media topic . This is understandable as much of the public is now obsessed with zombie TV shows . But we need to ensure that we remain cautious about news we hear , and responsible for news we share .
Suppose I told you that there is a country where political parties build secret databases on voters and profile them according to their political views . Its citizens have no right to see , correct or remove the data collected . The data is shared with a large number of party workers and volunteers , who use it to contact voters by phone , e-mail , direct mail or canvassing to determine whether and how they intend to vote .
Sounds like an authoritarian state , does n't it ? In fact , it 's pretty much the way that Canada 's main political parties operate now .
In this election , each of the big three federal parties is running its own web-based “ voter relationship management system ” . The oldest is the Conservative Information Management System ( CIMS ) . The Liberals recently built a new version of Liberalist , based on the U.S. Democratic Party 's Voter Activation Network . And the NDP has replaced the clunky old NDP Vote system with something called Populus .
By the people working in and reporting on Canadian federal politics , these systems are now seen as indispensible tools for the modern “ data-driven ” campaign . And the parties will argue that these systems help them engage and mobilize their supporters , enhancing the democratic process .
There 's just one problem with that argument : while parties have been introducing voter-tracking systems , federal voter turnout has been steadily declining over the last ten years . These systems may be good for parties , but they do n't encourage Canadians to vote .
And all of these systems are shrouded in secrecy . From what we have gathered over the years , each is based on the list of electors ( name , address and unique identifier ) obtained at each election from Elections Canada , the use of which is tightly controlled by the Elections Act . Each party then fills its own system with other data culled from traditional door-to-door canvassing and telephone polling . The range and quality of the data vary considerably . These systems are heavily dependent on thousands of party volunteers inputting accurate data in a timely manner .
The parties with deeper pockets — the Conservative party , particularly — may also add data obtained from other sources : the census , social media and , in some cases , data purchased from commercial geo-demographic companies such as Environics . More and more , these databases include information on specific political issues and trends .
The electorate is then profiled and scored . For instance , we know that CIMS ranks voters on a scale of plus 15 ( right ) to minus 15 ( left ) . These profiles are then used to allow the party to allocate its resources more efficiently for its canvassing and get-out-the-vote operations .
The systems will also have information on a voter 's preferred contact methods . If someone does not want to be contacted , it should be recorded in the party databases . ( As I mentioned in this space last week , it 's not at all easy for Canadians to register ‘ no contact ' preferences . )
The parties themselves are somewhat divided on these databases , and heated debates take place behind closed doors over their utility and proper role . The Conservatives actually scrapped a new system ( C-Vote ) in 2013 because of glitches and internal opposition . There tends to be a split in all parties between the traditionalists — relying on face-to-face methods of canvassing — and the new breed of high-tech party workers inspired by the success of data-driven campaigns south of the border .
You have no legal right to learn what information a party database has collected about you , to remove yourself from a party database , or to restrict the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information . And for the most part , parties have no legal obligations to keep that information secure . You have no legal right to learn what information a party database has collected about you , to remove yourself from a party database , or to restrict the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information . And for the most part , parties have no legal obligations to keep that information secure .
What they do n't talk about is how far out of mainstream democratic practice these databases really are . In most other democracies , they would be illegal .
In Europe , for instance , political parties are permitted only to process personal data on their own members , or on those with whom they have regular contact . Information on political opinions and affiliations is considered highly sensitive there , and can only be collected with the express consent of the individual . The campaigning practices seen in Canada and the United States are typically regarded as intrusive and contrary to European political culture .
As a result of Canada 's complex constitutional framework — and overall political reluctance — these systems are pretty much exempted from privacy laws here . So the Privacy Commissioner of Canada has no oversight authority to receive complaints about party political databases , or to investigate and audit .
And here 's what most Canadians do n't realize : as a citizen and a voter , you have no legal right to learn what information a party database has collected about you , or to access and correct that information . You have no legal right to remove yourself from a party database , or to restrict the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information .
And for the most part , parties have no legal obligations to keep that information secure , to retain it only for as long as is necessary , or to control who has access to it .
There is one exception . In B.C. , the Personal Information Protection Act ( PIPA ) has been held to apply to provincial political parties , and there have been one or two investigations of political parties by the provincial Information and Privacy Commissioner , Elizabeth Denham .
Some provincial parties have also responded to requests for access to personal information under this law . In my own household , we were very surprised at the breadth and complexity of the data that has been amassed on us over the years .
In 2013 , Elections Canada recommended that parties voluntarily agree to a code of practice based on the ten privacy principles in Canada 's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ( PIPEDA ) . Nothing happened . It 's almost impossible to get politicians to regulate themselves .
But the federal political parties might want to think very carefully about this issue . Privacy is becoming a huge political issue . No party wants to be seen building secret systems of surveillance .
And the risk of a breach of personal data held in a party database is very real , and quite obvious . Every other type of organization holding personal information — from health care facilities to intelligence agencies — has suffered a data breach . All these systems are supposed to have strong security , clear user-based agreements and strict controls for access . They still got burned . And in the frenzy of a federal election campaign , rules can easily be forgotten or circumvented .
So it 's only a matter of time before there is a large and serious breach of a party database — either through external hacking or simply the carelessness of party workers . And the parties are playing with fire here ; a data breach in the middle of an election campaign would be a political disaster that would make Ashley Madison look like small potatoes .
Colin Bennett is professor of Political Science at the University of Victoria . They are co-authored of a report to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner on Privacy Protection and Canada 's Federal Political Parties .
The views , opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author 's alone . They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views , opinions and/or positions of iPolitics .
The search is on for nonprofits to take part in a Twin Cities-based Department of Justice pilot project to counter radical recruitment that has drawn both praise and sharp criticism in the Twin Cities Somali community .
Several dozen representatives of nonprofits that serve local Somali-Americans gathered Wednesday in Minneapolis to learn how to apply for funding through the youth engagement project . Wokie Weah , president of the nonprofit Youthprise , called it “ a historic day . ”
U.S. Attorney Andrew Luger 's office entrusted Youthprise with divvying up about $ 400,000 in federal and private funds for the pilot project . It is one of a trio of federal efforts — including programs in Boston and Los Angeles — that set out to stem radicalization by way of community engagement and other initiatives .
The effort has triggered heated debate in Minneapolis , where critics have charged it singles out the Somali community and runs into deep-seated mistrust of federal law enforcement .
Youthprise will open the application process in early January and announce groups that will receive funding in late February . The nonprofit , which was chosen because of a track record of helping to fund Somali-led nonprofits , said it will continue to seek additional dollars .
“ Somali youth today are facing some very deep challenges , ” said Weah . “ Unemployment is high . There is a risk of radical recruitment . ”
Ten young Minneapolis men of East African descent have been charged in connection with an alleged plot to leave to join ISIL in Syria . Three have pleaded guilty .
The total funding for the Building Community Resilience project is $ 900,000 , but the state will allot about $ 250,000 separately , and some private funds were designated for specific projects , such as a mentoring partnership with Big Brothers , Big Sisters .
Groups that attended the meeting ranged from the Confederation of Somali Community , Minnesota 's oldest Somali nonprofit , to a slew of smaller outfits , including an after-school soccer program and a nonprofit that promotes computer literacy .
Weah said Youthprise will look closely at organizations that promote arts , sports and entrepreneurship , as well as nonprofits led by women . Somali-led groups will get priority ; so will group that can show past results and choose to team up in applying for the funding .
They explained that Youthprise will invite community members , staffers at philanthropic organizations and others to sit on a panel that will review the applications and make recommendations . The Youthprise board will have the final say , without any meddling by Luger 's office , both the nonprofit and the office stressed . “ We 're intentionally left out of this part of the process , ” said Ben Petok , a spokesperson for Luger 's office .
The project has drawn fire from some members of the Somali community who have argued that it takes a top-down approach and that it could be a front for federal surveillance of young people in a climate of mistrust .
Sadik Warfa , one of the project 's most vocal critics , said they skipped the meeting to avoid the perception of endorsing the process . They said they are not convinced by the reassurances that Youthprise will lead the process from here on .
“ We still have a lot of questions about this program , ” they said , adding , “ The project is very rushed . ”
Mohamed Ahmed , who creates cartoons that critique radical ideology , said the project offers a rare funding opportunity for groups that focus on radical recruitment . They said “ anybody who is active in the community ” was present at the meeting — a gathering they said inspired them but also highlighted the limited dollars available so far through the project .
“ The money is too little , and the demand is too much , ” they said . “ But that 's better than nothing . ”
Oh , Hello on Broadway comes to 92Y with comedians Nick Kroll and John Mulaney as Gil Faizon and George St. Geegland — appearing in character for an evening of conversation moderated by John Oliver .
The all new original comedy special by the same name launches globally on Netflix June 13 .
Oh , Hello on Broadway ran for 138 record breaking performances at Broadway 's Lyceum Theatre . David Letterman declared it “ the funniest thing I 've seen in years. ” Mel Brooks said “ After seeing Oh , Hello , I never wanted to say goodbye ! ” The New York Times called it as “ stupendously funny ” and The Hollywood Reporter named it “ The funniest show in town ! ” On June 13 Oh , Hello On Broadway will premiere globally on Netflix . And you will see for yourself how Gil Faizon and George St. Geegland , two legendary bachelors of New York 's Upper West Side , created the greatest work of art of the 21st or any century .
The State Department admitted last week that it had withheld a key email from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on the 2012 Benghazi attacks for more than a year in the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit brought by Judicial Watch , President Tom Fitton said Tuesday . `` Had the department disclosed the email when first supposedly found , Clinton 's email server and their hidden emails would have been revealed before they authorized the alleged deletion of tens of thousands of emails , '' Fitton wrote in an op-ed onThe email , which contains Clinton 's non-state.gov email address , was to be disclosed no later than September 2014 , they said.Dated Sept. 29 , 2012 , Clinton receivedfrom then-Deputy Chief of Staff Jake Sullivan , which discussed the talking points for Clinton 's calls with senators about the Benghazi assaults , Fitton said.Judicial Watch filed its FOIA request in July 2014 , seeking all records relating to the talking points used by former United Nations Ambassador Susan Rice and other Obama administration officials in the immediate aftermath of the attacks that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens and two former Navy SEALs.The State Department disclosed in a letter to U.S. District Court Judge Royce Lamberth that was released last week that it had found the 2012 email in 2014 but withheld it . `` Also , upon further review , the department has determined that one document previously withheld in full in our letter dated November 12 , 2014 , may now be released in part , '' the State Department told the court in an April 18 , 2016 letter.However , the November 2014 , letter does not discuss any withheld emails , Fitton said . `` A search declaration suggests the hidden email was found in September 2014 as a result of a search in response to Judicial Watch 's lawsuit , '' they said . `` The result of all this is that we now know that the Obama administration consciously refused to give up key information about Hillary Clinton 's email in 2014 , '' Fitton concluded . `` It covered up this email both from the court and Judicial Watch . ''
A Marietta , Ga. , woman was struck by at least three different cars as they tried to make their way across a road on Saturday night , the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports .
Rochelle Brown was on their way to the store , when a truck struck them shortly before 7 p.m. on North Marietta Parkway near Allgood Road . The truck stopped but several other drivers hit Brown and did not stop . There are no crosswalks in the area . Brown , 53 , was transported to WellStar Kennestone Hospital , where they died early Sunday .
On Monday , Marietta police were still seeking clues on the drivers who hit Brown and did not stop . The victim 's mother , Barbara Brown , told the Journal-Constitution that news of their daughter 's death came as a complete shock . “ Why would n't you stop ? ” she said Monday night . “ We 're humans . We just ca n't go around and drive fast and hit somebody and act like that person do n't matter . All of us matter . ”
Funeral arrangements are still pending for the victim . Family and friends are hoping that someone will come forward with information about the incident .
“ If you do it once , you 're going to do it again , ” Barbara Brown said .
If you know anything about the hit-and-runs , please contact Marietta police at 770-794-5300 .
Also On News One :
PHILADELPHIA ( WTXF ) It 's a flashy , widespread crime that 's designed to get your attention and it 's costing city taxpayers more than a million dollars a year .
Graffiti painted across the city has crews cleaning up thousands of sites each year . Graffiti artists or so-called `` taggers '' are destroying public and private property in a lot of city neighborhoods . Now authorities believe `` taggers '' from a national ring of graffiti artists have decided to make Philadelphia their next urban canvass .
FOX 29 's Dave Schratwieser reports on a group that is making headlines in cities across the country .
It 's a job these city workers repeat over 100,000 times each year . Painting over graffiti splashed across buildings , bridges , even trucks throughout Philadelphia and it costs taxpayers big bucks .
“ We spend $ 1.2 million dollars a year to clean up graffiti , ” C.L.I.P Deputy Director Edward Guzak told FOX 29 .
But on this day , the city workers were at the corner of Spring Garden and Front Streets just off I-95 . They 're here to spray paint over a giant so-called tag that says bowzr-swank . It 's no ordinary graffiti or tag , city officials believe this was the work of out-of-town graffiti artists who came to Philadelphia with one purpose .
FOX 29 Investigates found that the tag `` bowzr-swank '' or sometimes `` swank-bowzr '' started popping up in prominent places in Philadelphia about six months ago . It 's been painted on walls , on private buildings , even on delivery trucks .
These are elaborate `` tags '' that cost about $ 600 in paint and can take as many as two days to complete . The graffiti crew that 's putting these up may be part of a nationwide ring and can go just about anywhere , according to city officials .
The owners of a food supply company on North American Street got stung by the out of town taggers in early August . They broke in through a rear fence and tagged five delivery trucks with the word `` bowzr '' .
A few weeks earlier , the taggers struck at Emerald and Lehigh . Two stories off the ground at a business called Ironworks . It 's owned by Carlos Santos .
Santos told FOX 29 Investigates that the taggers even cut the feed from their surveillance cameras that would have captured them tagging their building . They simply cut the cable to the cameras .
`` They damage it . I pay for this . A lot of money . Take from my pocket , '' they explained .
It turns out , Philadelphia is not the only city being hit hard by the bowzr swank taggers . Their work has shown up in Dallas , Detroit , San Francisco , Oklahoma City and Tulsa . Philadelphia officials are convinced it 's the same crew traveling across the country . They use the initials EHC or CTD for `` cost taxpayer dollars '' .
In fact , authorities in Oklahoma City and Tulsa believe the bowzr swank tags found in their cities were the work of at least three people . They have been arrested before on other charges , but not for painting graffiti .
Oklahoma investigators told FOX 29 they believe the taggers go on so called `` spraycations '' to other cities to do their work . One was arrested here in Philadelphia back in January for criminal mischief . The district attorney 's office says the charges were dropped when a witness failed to show up for court . No word on where they are now , but if they are here , city officials have a message .
`` Move out of the city , get out of here and go back to where they came from . ''
Back at Front and Spring Garden , city crews had to paint the entire side of this new building to cover up the giant bowzr swank tag . The cost to city taxpayers between $ 1,800 to $ 2,500 .
As for those so-called `` artists '' or taggers who think this is a victimless crime , Guzak says .
Painting graffiti is a misdemeanor . City officials believe these out of town taggers live or visit the area near Northern Liberties or Fishtown . So far , no one 's been charged in the bowzr swank tagging incidents here in Philadelphia .
The streets of Atlanta will spring to life on Sunday , September 24 from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. , as a 3 mile stretch of Peachtree Street and S. Broad , is opened to people and closed to motorized traffic .
Activities
Participants can expect a wealth of activities hosted by community organizations and businesses . Community groups and businesses can get involved by : extending business onto the sidewalk by setting up cafe tables or displays and serving guests and customers ; planning or sponsoring an activity that activates the space in front of their business ; volunteering to help run the event or becoming a sponsor of the event .
RSVP on Facebook
Ever Ridden in a Bicycle Parade ? Here 's Your Chance ! The bicycle parade kicks off Atlanta Streets Alive . The theme is `` Rock The Vote '' and we 're encouraging everyone to wear red , white , and blue and decorate your bikes as we celebrate the city elections this Fall . Parade lineup begins at 1:30pm and wheels hit the ground rolling at 2pm . Join us at the intersection of S. Broad and Mitchell St .
ST. PETERSBURG — A couple of controversial noncalls aided Minnesota United 's 3-2 victory over the Rowdies at Al Lang Stadium on Wednesday , just about ending Tampa Bay 's playoff hopes .
Minnesota 's Christian Ramirez added to their league-leading total with two goals .
A Fort Lauderdale tie or Rowdies loss Saturday eliminates Tampa Bay from playoff contention . The Rowdies ( 5-8-2 fall season ) are winless in their past seven games .
Ramirez 's 19th goal was one the Rowdies thought should have never gotten off the ground . While Rowdies players eased up , feeling the ball had gone over the end line , Brian Kallman crossed it in toward Ramirez , who banged home the winner in the 58th minute .
“ We have to play to the whistle there and not assume ” said Rowdies coach Ricky Hill .
The visitors made it 3-1 when Juliano Vicentini got their first of the year in the 66th minute . Tampa Bay subs Lucky Mkosana and Casey Townsend combined for Townsend 's fourth goal of the season , but it came too late ( 90th minute ) .
With three games left , Minnesota ( 10-2-3 ) is one win or a San Antonio loss from clinching home field for the postseason .
After Minnesota dominated early , Tampa Bay gained some headway and , in the 27th minute , took a 1-0 lead when Blake Wagner 's through ball went to Georgi Hristov , who put it inside the left post .
Late in the first , Minnesota caught a break when a throw-in bounced over the defense and right to the feet of Ramirez for an easy conversion . Rowdies midfielder Keith Savage was in position to clear the ball but was shoved down by a Minnesota player .
Minnesota created more chances on the whole . Tampa Bay had a great one in the 56th minute when Hristov sprung first-time starter Luciano Olguin , but Matt Van Oekel stopped the attempt . Soon , Minnesota took the lead .
“ On the balance of play , we should n't have lost , ” Hill said
On Saturday , Tampa Bay visits Atlanta , which is eliminated .
BRIEFLY
Minnesota 's Miguel Ibarra arrived at Al Lang on Wednesday after playing for the U.S. national team Tuesday night in Fort Lauderdale . Ibarra entered at the 60-minute mark .
Pinned From 208 # 19:55 , Dec-31-2014 | From PC | We also just posted our first weekly Mi India update where we talk about MIUI 6 , kernel sources and upcoming products . Below is a snippet about kernel sources for our other devices in India . Full link here : http : //en.miui.com/thread-73504-1-1.html
* * * Kernel Sources * * *
Today we released the kernel source for the Redmi 1S . We are going to release the kernel source for the Mi 3 in Q1 2015 as we 've previously announced . We plan to release the kernel source for the Redmi Note and Redmi Note 4g early next year .
Additionally , we promise to release the kernel source for future phones within three months of that device going on sale in India . Rated by 3 people Experience Reason Veethahavya + 3 Great ! Ali1981 + 1 Thanks ! SH3H1 + 2 Exceptional ! dea ! ! Experience +6 View Rating Log
Frank Ocean has canceled their performance at Primavera Sound next weekend . The stated reason for the cancellation , once again , is due to “ production delays beyond their control , ” the festival said in a statement . “ The artist has apologised and has reiterated their wish to come to Barcelona soon. ” Refunds are being offered to anyone holding a day ticket for Friday June 2 . On Monday morning , Jamie xx was added to the day 's lineup at the Parc del Fòrum , where Frank had been scheduled to perform .
Frank Ocean previously canceled their headlining sets at Sasquatch ! ( where they were replaced by LCD Soundsystem ) and Hangout ( where they were replaced by Phoenix ) . Their upcoming performances were set to be their first since the release of last year 's comeback albums , Blonde and Endless .
Recently , Frank has fed their fans a relatively steady stream of new music , appearing alongside Migos on Calvin Harris ' “ Slide ” and dropping a series of new tracks : “ Chanel , ” “ Biking ” featuring Jay-Z and Tyler , the Creator , and “ Lens . ”
Read “ Frank Ocean 's Boys Do n't Cry : The Complete Timeline ” on the Pitch .
Frank Ocean :
The Aspen Institute
Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan bagged themselves a deer on a hunting trip to Wyoming with Justice Antonin Scalia last fall . You heard that right : Despite finding themselves on opposite sides of major court decisions , the liberal Obama-appointee and the conservative Reagan-appointee have become hunting buddies since Kagan was confirmed in 2010 as the fourth woman in history to sit on the highest court in the land .
`` I shoot birds with him , fairly -- you know , two or three times a year now , '' Justice Kagan said during a wide-ranging and delightful Aspen Ideas Festival conversation with Jeffrey Rosen , president of the National Constitution Center , on Saturday . `` And then they um , at the end of last year we had been bird shooting four or five times . I 'll tell you how that came to be . But before I do , before I -- they said to me , 'It 's time for big game hunting . ' And we actually went out to Wyoming this past fall to shoot deer and antelope . Uh , and we did . ''
`` You 're getting some hisses from the audience . I hope you were a better shot than Dick Cheney , '' Rosen interjected as a smattering of hisses emerged from around the room at the mention of hunting in Wyoming .
`` I shot myself a deer , '' Kagan continued . `` The way this started , I 'll tell the story . You know the NRA has become quite a presence in judicial confirmations , and that means when you go around from office to office , from chamber to chamber , I met with about 80 senators individually and quite a lot of them , both Republicans and Democrats , ask you about your views on the Second Amendment . But because you do n't say anything about your views on anything , when they ask you well , they 'll try to figure out what your views on the Second Amendment are likely to be and they 'll say , 'Well , have you ever held a gun ? Have you ever gone hunting ? Do you know anybody who 's gone hunting ? ' And you know me , Jeff , I grew up on the Upper West Side of Manhattan and this was not something we really did , you know .
David Cameron has been accused by the European commission president of having a “ problem with other prime ministers ” , in an escalation of tensions between the UK and Brussels .
Jean-Claude Juncker , whose appointment was strongly opposed by Cameron , publicly swiped at the UK for refusing to pay its extra £1.7bn contribution towards the EU budget .
In their first press conference since taking the job , Juncker struck a defiant attitude to the UK 's rejection of the bill , saying they were “ not the type who trembles , in front of prime ministers or at any other time ” and adding that they were not frightened of any of them .
“ I do n't have a particular problem with Mr Renzi [ the Italian prime minister ] , whom I have great respect for . I do n't have a problem with Mr Cameron ; Mr Cameron has a problem with the other prime ministers , ” they said .
Juncker 's suggestion that Cameron is isolated among their fellow leaders follows the UK 's calls for its contribution to the EU budget to be re-examined . All countries have to pay adjusted sums , but no others are as high as the UK 's extra £1.7bn , which must be paid by 1 December or start accruing interest .
However , there are signs that the EU could be willing to compromise , with one official telling Reuters that one option would be allowed Britain to pay in instalments .
Downing Street dismissed Juncker 's comments on Wednesday , with the prime minister 's spokesperson saying Cameron works well with other European leaders . They also would not comment directly on the idea of paying in tranches , simply saying Cameron objects to the scale of the demand .
The £1.7bn bill has put Cameron under intense pressure at a time when the Conservatives are fighting to keep the constituency of Rochester after their MP Mark Reckless defected to the anti-EU Ukip .
Earlier on Wednesday , Cameron clashed with the Labour leader , Ed Miliband , over their refusal to say if they would ever campaign for Britain to leave the EU if they were unable to secure their objectives in a renegotiation .
Pressed by Miliband at prime minister 's questions , Cameron said repeatedly : “ I could not be more clear I want Britain to stay in a reformed European Union . ”
The Labour leader accused Cameron of being torn between the demands of Conservative backbenchers , who want to leave the EU , and the national interest that requires Britain to remain .
Miliband also quoted from a 2010 Daily Telegraph interview in which Cameron said they would “ not countenance leaving the EU and … would never campaign for an out vote in an EU referendum ” .
Cameron has for months been reluctant to say what they would do if they fail to secure their negotiating objectives , an increasingly likely possibility after aides to the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , made clear that they would not abandon the principle of the free movement of EU citizens within the EU . They have said they are willing to look at the restrictions of benefits .
The prime minister has not specified whether they were seeking to restrict free movement or reduce the so-called “ pull factor ” by restricting access to benefits including in working tax credits . They are due to set out detailed plans for renegotiation in a speech before Christmas .
Pressed by Miliband on whether they had support from any of their EU partners for their renegotiation package , Cameron said : “ What we have is a set of things that we want to sort out in Europe . We want to sort out safeguards for the single market . We want to get out of ever-closer union . We want reform of immigration . But here 's the difference : we have a plan ; they have no plan . And we have a plan which will be put to the British people in an in-out referendum . ”
They also insisted that Germany was sympathetic to their demands , saying : “ [ Merkel ] has themselves said there are problems in terms of free movement that need to be dealt with ” .
However , with a CBI conference coming up next week , Miliband will be hoping that business will start to voice its concerns that Cameron , scared by the progress of Ukip , is gradually raising its negotiation demands so much that they will end up in a position of leaving the EU . Conservatives claim business is increasingly reconciled to the need for a referendum .
Cameron spent most of their time in their answers attacking Miliband 's leadership . They said : “ The Labour party right now is in a dreadful position. ” Quoting the admission from the deputy chief whip , Thomas Docherty , that Labour was a moribund party in Scotland , Cameron crowed : “ It 's official : it 's a dead parrot . ”
They also quoted the former Labour chancellor , Alistair Darling , who had claimed the boil of a referendum on Europe had to be lanced .
Red Bull is working on a radical overhaul of its RB13 to help bring much-needed downforce , after its early-season focus on producing a low-drag car did not deliver the benefits it hoped for .
So far Daniel Ricciardo and Max Verstappen have been unable to properly challenge Ferrari and Mercedes for positions , but they are keeping their fingers crossed that what comes for Barcelona will change things .
Speaking after the Russian Grand Prix , where Ferrari and Mercedes were again in a league of their own , Vettel said that the traditional arrival of updates for the start of the European season will hopefully lead to a different situation .
`` I think it will be a very close race between Mercedes and us , I hope , and I also hope that Red Bull find some pace , '' said Vettel , who holds a 13-point lead over Lewis Hamilton in the standings .
`` There are a lot of rumours around [ regarding the update ] . They are a strong team , they know how to build a quick car so I expect it 's a question of when rather than if .
`` But the sooner , the more exciting it will be for us . I 'm confident that we have the right people , the right tools on board and we will make progress . It obviously depends on what others are doing . ''
Red Bull boss Christian Horner admitted that their team 's situation was not an easy one , but was looking forward to seeing what it could do from the next race in Barcelona .
`` We 've given ourselves a lot to do but the whole team is focused on that and hopefully for the next race , we can start making progress , '' they said .
Even if it 's not official yet , Andrei Mironov already announced to have dissolved their KHL contract to sign an entry-level deal with the Colorado Avalanche . The NHL franchise drafted them in the fourth round of the 2015 NHL Draft . In this translated interview , originally appearing on the popular Russian website sovsport.ru , Mironov talked about their new venture , some of their future teammates in the NHL and the upcoming IIHF WC .
* You can enjoy the original sovsport.ru interview by Pavel Lysenkov here . *
A New Challenge for Mironov
Pavel Lysenkov : Have I understood right , you 're not going to the Olympics ?
Andrei Mironov : It 's really like that . That 's life .
PL : No one from the KHL tried to convince you not to move overseas this season ?
AM : No , no one . It 's just my decision .
Report : Avalanche bringing D-man Andrei Mironov over from Russia https : //t.co/iBMu5gcqyJ pic.twitter.com/ciYLslOLGK — NBC Sports ( @ NBCSports ) May 1 , 2017
PL : Did you watch tapes of the Avalanche games ?
AM : I even stayed up on nights when the games were live .
PL : The Avalanche have a good roster on paper . But they ended the season in last place .
AM : It was a hard season . It happens . This means that next year it will be much better .
Moving to North America
PL : Do you think in such a team it will be easier to adapt for a rookie ?
AM : You need to get there anyway and fight to show what you 're worth . To show that you deserve a place in the lineup . To get to a new level . It 's hard to tell whether a team is good or bad . Who knows what 's going to happen next year ? Maybe all of a sudden Colorado will win the Gagarin Cup . Oh , yes . I 'm so used to say “ Gagarin Cup. ” Of course , the Stanley Cup ( Laughs ) .
PL : You still had one year on your contract with Dynamo Moscow . How did the talk with [ Dynamo general manager ] Andrei Safronov go ?
AM : Yes , I need to thank them a lot . I am very thankful to him . But what we told each other during our meeting – those are personal stuff . But as a result , we decided to resolve the contract with mutual consent ( NOTE : this is the standard way to settle things friendly in Russia/KHL . This way their rights in the KHL will remain with Dynamo Moscow . )
PL : Will you attend the rookie camp ?
AM : Of course . As soon as the season is over ( NOTE : Andrei Mironov will take part in the IIHF World Championship with Team Russia until the end of May ) . I will fly to Colorado . I never visited America , nor Denver . I need to visit the city , to get settled . Most likely I 'll be there the whole summer . That way I wo n't get directly from the airplane to the rookie camp . Doing everything in one day would not be correct .
PL : Do you know the Avalanche starting goalie Semyon Varlamov ?
AM : No , I do not . I only know Mikhail Grigorenko and Nikita Zadorov . I heard many things about Fedor Tyutin , but I do n't know them in person . I 'm sure that I 'll be friends with every player .
PL : Do you have anything that worries you before your departure ? It 's a new , unknown league .
AM : If I was n't worried of course it would be even worse . You should feel it before every game . It 's more exciting that way , and winds you up even more .
http : //gty.im/473620600
PL : Are you sure of yourself ?
AM : If not , then why should I move to the NHL at all ? I need to go and show what I 'm worth .
PL : The Colorado Avalanche play at a very high elevation . Will it be harder to breathe ? Maybe you will have to change your summer practice ?
AM : Maybe then it will be easier for us to play away games.Frankly speaking , giving you a reply to this question is not easy . I never had such an experience . Yes , we played in Switzerland on the mountains [ with the national team ] . But if an athlete is well-fit , then they can adapt to whatever condition . The only thing is that you get acquainted quickly with the good things , and slowly with the bad ones .
PL : Do you ski ? It 's popular there .
AM : No , I never tried . I 'm not really into skiing or snowboarding . It can be dangerous for potential injuries . You never want [ to get injured ] .
PL : Do you have a clause in your contract that does n't allow you to ski ?
AM : No , I do n't think so . I 'm not sure . But I doubt these things can be prohibited . But of course should you get injured not during a game , or during practices , you 're in trouble . In big troubles .
Andrei Mironov and the IIHF WC
PL : Let 's talk about the IIHF WC now . What do you think , what can Team Russia achieve ? Did you follow other teams ' rosters ?
AM : Yes , of course . Not all teams , though . Our task is not to judge our team . We need to win every game and get back home with the gold medal .
PL : Are you waiting for the game against Team Canada ? Do you want to play at their level ?
AM : No , we have other tasks . We want to win the World Championship . And how the tournament will turn out , if we 'll have to play against Canada or Sweden , what 's the difference ? We simply have to win .
Attention , iPhone users : You require some education . You do n't understand what a megabyte of data truly means , you see , and you 're not aware of how much data you 're using . If only you 'd allow AT & T to reach out and teach you , all would be well in the world of 3G .
Hang on -- do n't start throwing stones my way just yet . The preceding message comes straight from the carrier you know and love . AT & T 's CEO of mobility and consumer markets spoke at a conference in New York on Wednesday . Long story short : Get ready for changes in the way your mobile data is managed .
AT & T Data Usage : Education , Incentives , and `` Pricing Schemes ''
The whole data-usage discussion revolves around an ever-increasing demand for mobile data . A recent report predicts mobile Web traffic will jump to more than 20 times its current amount over the next four years . It 's no big surprise : Smartphones are becoming more and more prevalent , and those unlimited data plans do promise -- well , unlimited data .
Still , AT & T seems to attract the most attention when it comes to public perception of network-related problems . And now , silly ad battles aside , the carrier is delivering its strongest indication yet of what solutions could be in store .
First up is that asupervisorstioned `` education . '' Here 's exactly what AT & T 's Ralph De La Vega had to say , according to PC World sister publication Computerworld :
`` The first thing we need to do is educate customers about what represents a megabyte of data . ... We 're improving systems to give them real-time information about their data usage . ''
Why might AT & T think that 's the answer ? Because it 's worked before , De La Vega attests . Per Computerworld :
`` With landline capabilities , we used that concept and customers did n't know how much data they were using . ... Once alerted , they reduced their consumption without anything other than being told that data was being used in an inordinate fashion . ''
Well , there you have it : The problem is n't that AT & T 's network ca n't handle the amount of data you 're using . The problem is that you 're using too much of the `` unlimited data '' you purchased .
My , Your Usage Is Heavy
Now , to be clear , AT & T does n't think everyone is part of the problem -- only a small percentage of its smartphone users . About 3 percent , to be specific . That 's how many customers are responsible for 40 percent of the network 's data usage , De La Vega indicates .
So what happens if those demonic data-devourers ca n't be `` educated '' ? Then the next steps come into play . Some kind of thus-far-unspecific `` incentives '' might be offered , and then , the final blow .
`` Longer term , there 's got to be some sort of pricing scheme that addresses the [ heavy ] users , '' De La Vega is quoted as saying .
What exactly that means is not yet completely clear . The practically comedic extremes this line of thinking could lead to , however , are n't hard to imagine .
A Final Message
Here 's my message to AT & T : You 've taken plenty of flak for your network performance , both from your customers and from your competition . And we know people are using a lot of data . But let 's face it , that authority to surf to their hearts ' content is exactly what you sold them .
If charging people for the data they use is what you need to do , then do it -- but , for the love of Luke Wilson , do it in an honest and transparent way . Do n't market your plans as `` unlimited '' and then punish the people who actually take advantage of what they bought .
That 's bad business , plain and simple -- and it 's something no marketing campaign can cover up .
JR Raphael frequently covers mobile technology for both PC World and eSarcasm , their geek-humor getaway . You can keep up with them on Twitter : @ jr_raphael .
It has been hinted at as far back as December , 2011 . It 's possible that Valve was thinking about it in 2010 . Cryptic codes on the walls and blurry pictures hanging in hidden rooms . References to sound files for a new boss .
They all point to what the TF2 community has come to refer to as The Mann vs Machine Update .
Act I : cp_foundry
Foundry , a new control point map , was released during the Australian Christmas event in December , 2011 . It took almost no time for curious players to find a hidden room behind the Red spawn room . A door labeled “ Top Secret ” guarded by a Red soldier could ( and still can ) be seen from the playable area of the map . If you noclip ( a setting that , when turned on , allows you to pass through solid objects ) through the wall and further past the soldier through the door you come to Foundry 's secret room . Inside the room , a scout and a heavy look worriedly at a set of four pictures hanging on a drying line . These picture four different TF2-style characters with what appear to be robot heads . Three of them are quite obviously a heavy , pyro and demoman . The fourth , you ca n't really see a head , so it is hard to tell . The heads look quite similar if not exactly like some robot heads submitted to the TF2 Workshop by user Hunter-Killer , but astute readers will notice the submission dates show two to three months after Foundry was released . Behind the worried heavy and scout there are some numbers painted on the wall ; 1961 , and below that , 13 22 13 . 1961 could be referring to the year that General Motors installed the first ever industrial robot . 13 22 13 , when converted to letters , we get M V M , very possibly short for Mann vs Machine .
Another secret room exists . This one , you can only get to by using noclip to pass through the fence outside the battlements at the Blu final point . Behind two doors labeled 39 and 40 there is a small room with a couple of seemingly random posters on the wall . One rather large poster is an advertisement for Dr Wilson 's Auto-Borax , a self scrubbing mechanical soap . Auto-Borax takes up most of the poster . There are two wood planks leaning against the same wall as the ad . They cut the poster so when looking head on to-bor shows between them . In reverse , that spells robot .
Act II : March 1 , 2012 Patch
A rather uneventful update was released on March 1st , 2012 . On the surface it seemed to simply add a community made item , the Teufort Tooth Kicker . Under its skin though , there was an update to the map cp_mountainlab . Deep in the sound cache manifest for the map some lines were added that referenced sounds that were not present in the game . In a directory labeled NPC , commonly Non-Player Character , the following files were referenced ;
robot_boss_stun_start.wav
robot_boss_stunned.wav
robot_boss_stun_recover.wav
robot_boss_acquire.wav
robot_boss_voice_01.wav
robot_boss_voice_02.wav
robot_boss_voice_03.wav
robot_boss_footstep_01.wav
robot_boss_launch_grenades.wav
robot_boss_launch_rockets.wav
robot_boss_hurt_01.wav
robot_boss_vulnerable_01.wav
robot_boss_charge_up_nuke_attack02.wav
robot_boss_nuke_attack.wav
robot_boss_scanning.wav
Robot Boss Nuke Attack . Take it in , I 'll give you a moment . /Smooth Jazz/ Ok , that is enough of that .
One could assume these sounds are to be used by a boss similar to the Horseless Headless Horsemann , 2010 's Scream Fortress boss , and Monoculous , 2011 's Very Scary Halloween boss .
Act III : Pyromania
Now we have the Damaged Capacitors . These started randomly dropping for players during the ARG lead up to Pyromania in June . They have since turned into Barely-Melted Capacitors and stopped dropping when the ARG items faded away into dust . The capacitors have some numbers on them when viewed in-game ; 6.22V1 500 and much smaller below that 02A80125 . The first number corresponds with June , 22 15:00 which is when the Pyro blogged that their update was coming Monday ( in not so many words ) . The second number still seems to be unknown . It could possibly be pointless . The only thing I could find is that 02A80125 is an Adler32 hash for many different four-digit codes . If you have any ideas what that could be , make sure to let us know in the comments .
The new map sd_doomsday was released in the Pyromania update to go with the new Special Delivery game mode . Those noclip-loving players quickly found a familiar sight behind each of the spawns ; a soldier guarding a “ Top Secret ” door . Similar to the Foundry secret room , this time a Spy looking rather disappointed in front of the same four blurry pictures . Maybe Valve thought that the secret room in Foundry did n't get enough attention ? Maybe this instance was just to resupply the rumor mill .
Like the capacitors , there was another offshoot during the Pyromania update that has yet to come to a conclusion—Robot Chicken . While the ARG was going on , a small page on Adultswim.com showed that they were teaming up with Valve for something , and that visitors to the page should sign up for the Adult Swim newsletter . When Valve indicates you should do something , you should indeed do it , and those who signed up were not disappointed . On June 27th and then again on July 5th , emails were sent out that contained codes redeemable in Steam for Genuine Robot Chicken Hats . TF2 hats are great and all but what part could Adult Swim and Robot Chick have in this ?
Epilogue : Engineer Update Teaser
2010 eh ? It 's a stretch but it is worth a mention . May 7th , 2010 the Team Fortress 2 Engineer Update Teaser was uploaded to YouTube . At seven seconds in , what looks to be a robot head goes by in the foreground . At eleven seconds , another appears in the background , and at thirteen seconds two very obvious heads are visible in the background . Valve has stated in the past that they let their hired brilliant minds run wild when it comes to development . These could simply be models that an artist came up with for background fodder , but it could have been the seed that grew into all of the above Easter eggs .
It is pretty obvious that Valve has robots on their mind and has for a while . Why these things were put out in the TF2niverse or what they mean have no official explanation yet . Will all this lead up to 2012 's Halloween boss being a nuke-wielding , grenade-launching robot chicken ? I sure the heck hope so !
▷ Instagram ▷ Gumroad ▷ Patreon ▷ Official Shop
Full view is duty !
怪獣 kaijū ? )
is a Japanese word that literally translates to `` strange creature . ''
Suggestion for other Kaiju´s are welcome as well as also constructive comments ! !
public domain
■ Copyright notice and disclaimer : - Created by Oliver Wetter / Ars Fantasio . - You are welcome to share my work or repost it , but please do n't claim or sell it as your own .
I did only paint the Kaiju in Photoshop from scratch , not the whole Landscape ! The landscape is a painting from Thomas Moran from 1864 - check out their amazing works : www.thomas-moran.org/ What does that mean ? fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/… Actually the intention behind this is to learn from the old masters , what better way of studying them while getting in the image and paint something that is not there ? Honestly , I learned so much more from this painting than a 2 weeks stay at the Louvre would probably ever do . Especially in terms of appreciating the techniques of the masters and learning to emulate them digitally - a priceless exercise ! Additionally this was a nice way to practice light and color , inspired by the book from James Gurney.My aim was to make the creature to be believable in the situation , rather than corresponding , I wanted it to look like it was painted by Moran - still way to learn but I´m quite happy with the result of this approach so far.Here´s a process-sheet from the development of the creature inspired by Guy Davis : I don´t care if someone likes it , but I plan to do a series of these , probably calledI imagine also to have theplaying a role in this , but at first I found Pacific Rim a good start - liked that movie very much.I like popculture and I love traditional art , so this project came so naturally to me and since the paintings areno one was harmed , not even the original paintings opposed to the Thriftstore paintings some artist use to overpaint.There is no intention to sell these images , I did them for learning purposes and use them in my classes as well , however , if you want it as a wallpaper , feel free to hit the download-button to get the 1900x1200 px version.cheers , fant
A U.S. airstrike killed eight militants Sunday in Somalia , where in recent months an Islamic extremist group has intensified operations against U.S.-backed forces and `` cemented its control of southern and central Somalia , '' the military said .
U.S. Africa Command said the precision strike hit an al-Shabab command and control camp positioned about 185 miles southwest of Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , where a fragile central government is trying to take root .
U.S. forces , in cooperation with the Somalia government , are `` conducting operations against al-Shabab in Somalia to degrade the al-Qaida affiliate 's ability to recruit , train and plot external terror attacks throughout the region and in America , '' AFRICOM said in a statement
AFRICOM has stepped up the pace of its operations against al-Shabab , which remains a threat despite a decadeslong international effort to defeat the group .
A few years ago , al-Shabab was on the defensive but in recent months the group has reasserted itself . The group 's resurgence comes as African Union forces , which are leading the fight against extremists in the country , plan to begin withdrawing from Somalia next year .
AFRICOM was blunt about the group 's gains .
`` The terror organization has taken advantage of ( a ) safe haven , '' AFRICOM said . `` The group has cemented its control ( in ) southern and central Somalia , they have used this area to plot and direct terror attacks , steal humanitarian aid , and to shelter other radical terrorists . ''
In the last eight months , al-Shabab has overrun forward operating bases used by outnumbered African Union forces , seizing a wide-ranging arsenal of weaponry in the process .
Al-Shabab has seized heavy weaponry , armored vehicles , explosives , small arms , ammunition and other supplies to support its operations , AFRICOM said .
Bases that have been overrun include those used by Burundian , Ugandan and Kenyan forces .
AFRICOM did not say what weapons system was used to conduct the strike , but the attack was performed under new authorities approved by President Donald Trump in March , the Pentagon said .
As the African Union plots its withdrawal from Somalia after more than a decade of fighting , the U.S. is racing to bolster Somalia 's fledgling armed forces .
In early May , a U.S. Navy SEAL was killed during operations in Somalia , a sign of the increased risk taken on by the U.S. military in Somalia .
U.S. special operations forces are operating alongside Somali troops on the battlefield in an advisory role while U.S. soldiers have been deployed to Mogadishu to train the country 's troops on how to resupply its forces .
AFRICOM said it will carry out more strikes when needed when `` hunting and tracking members of this al-Qaida affiliate throughout Somalia , the region and around the world . ''
Some short-term prisoners are to get early temporary release within weeks to help Ireland 's overcrowded jails cope with rising numbers of inmates .
Justice Minister Alan Shatter said the convicted offenders will have to do community service under the eyes of probation officers as part of a pilot scheme .
The move is designed to help the creaking prison system deal with a further 11.5 % jump in the number put behind bars last year .
Describing the surge as the greatest challenge facing the Irish Prison Service , Mr Shatter said there would be a significant increase in inmates taking on community service rather than serving a short-term sentence over the coming year .
“ In the coming weeks it is also intended on a pilot basis to provide for the early temporary release , with the requirement to do community service under supervision by the Probation Service , of appropriate prisoners who are considered to pose no threat to the community , ” they said .
Mr Shatter said the Parole Board would also be issued with new guidelines on a similar scheme for long-term prisoners . They are expected to make an announcement about the reforms in the autumn .
The Irish Prison Service annual report for last year showed :
: : There were 17,179 committals to prison in 2010 – involving 13,758 people - up from 15,425 the previous year .
: : There were 12,487 committed under sentence , up almost 15 % on 2009 .
: : Committals for sentences less than three months jumped 28 % , largely because of a rise in the number jailed for non-payment of court-ordered fines .
: : There was a significant decrease in the number of inmates serving sentences of more than 10 years , and between three and five years .
The average cost of keeping a prisoner during the year was 70,513 euro , down almost 7,000 euro on 2009 .
But Mr Shatter said the dramatic rise in both the numbers in custody and those on temporary release meant it was necessary to ease the pressure on capacity within the prison system .
Datacentre web servers , such as those used by Google and Facebook , to blame for 2 % of greenhouse gas emissions – about the same as air travel
Watching another episode on Netflix , reading the Guardian online and downloading apps are not obvious ways to pollute the atmosphere . But collectively , our growing appetite for digital services means the datacentres that power them are now responsible for about 2 % of global greenhouse gas emissions , a similar share to aviation .
Cold , hard data : inside Facebook 's Swedish hub near the Arctic Circle Read more
Varying from a small room with servers to vast farms with a floor area of 150,000 sq m , datacentres are big energy users . As well as requiring power to run the equipment that stores and serves us cloud computing and on-demand music , films and entertainment , those servers also generate a lot of heat and require huge amounts of energy to keep them cool . That 's why big data users such as Facebook are siting their centres in cool climates such as northern Sweden .
Individually , our everyday browsing has a relatively minuscule impact . Google , in response to claims that each search on its site generated as much CO 2 as boiling half the water for a cup of coffee ( 7g ) , calculated the true figure was much lower , at 0.2g . Watching a YouTube video of cats was higher – 1g for every 10 minutes of viewing – while using Gmail for a year produced about 1.2kg a user .
Not to be outdone , Facebook put a figure on its average user 's annual footprint – 269g of CO 2 , roughly equivalent to the carbon footprint of a cup of coffee .
But with the technology giants ' billions of users worldwide , those numbers scale up quickly . Google 's carbon footprint was 1,766,014 tonnes CO 2 equivalent in 2013 , and the bulk of that was from datacentres .
Google discloses carbon footprint for the first time Read more
As with emissions from air travel , the real issue with datacentres is the rate at which they are growing .
“ It 's an exponential growth in data , ” said Sophia Flucker , a director at Operational Intelligence , a UK-based consultancy that advises datacentres on their energy use .
“ Although IT efficiency is improving , and we can do more with less power , the demand is still there , ” they said . “ Any efficiency gains are being eaten up by demand . It 's very much an upward trajectory . ”
The industry claims improvements in energy efficiency and technology mean it can “ decouple ” economic growth and emissions , so that it could keep growing while keeping the sector 's share of global emissions in 2030 at roughly the same as they are today .
But Greenpeace , which has reported for several years on datacentres ' environmental performance , says energy efficiency improvements can do only so much . How tomorrow 's datacentres are powered is key when it comes to climate change , it says .
Apple 's £1.25bn Europe data centres will run entirely on renewable energy Read more
“ Energy efficiency is of course very important , ” said Gary Cook , senior IT analyst at Greenpeace . “ It 's critical . It 's also completely insufficient on its own . If you look at the growth in datacentre demand and our digital world , energy efficiency will slow the [ emissions ] curve , but the curve is still going to the moon . ”
They said datacentres could become either a villain as an increasing source of emissions , or a driver for the take-up of clean energy sources , such as wind and solar .
UK firm takes the cloud to chillier climes with Swedish data centre Read more
“ If they 're built in the right way , it could be a great story and help the transition [ to renewable energy ] . If they 're built in the wrong way , it 's going to take us in the other direction , and increase our dependence on the sources of energy we have to move away from to address climate change . ”
Landing on Mars is difficult and not always successful . Well-designed advance testing helps . An ambitious NASA Mars rover mission set to launch in 2020 will rely on a special parachute to slow the spacecraft down as it enters the Martian atmosphere at over 12,000 mph ( 5.4 kilometers per second ) . Preparations for this mission have provided , for the first time , dramatic video of the parachute opening at supersonic speed .
The Mars 2020 mission will seek signs of ancient Martian life by investigating evidence in place and by caching drilled samples of Martian rocks for potential future return to Earth . The mission 's parachute-testing series , the Advanced Supersonic Parachute Inflation Research Experiment , or ASPIRE , began with a rocket launch and upper-atmosphere flight last month from the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center 's Wallops Flight Facility in Wallops Island , Virginia .
› DOWNLOAD VIDEO NASA 's Mars 2020 Supersonic Parachute : Test Flight # 1
`` It is quite a ride , '' said Ian Clark , the test 's technical lead from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California . `` The imagery of our first parachute inflation is almost as breathtaking to behold as it is scientifically significant . For the first time , we get to see what it would look like to be in a spacecraft hurtling towards the Red Planet , unfurling its parachute . ''
A 58-foot-tall ( 17.7-meter ) Black Brant IX sounding rocket launched from Wallops on Oct. 4 for this evaluation of the ASPIRE payload performance . The payload is a bullet-nosed , cylindrical structure holding a supersonic parachute , the parachute 's deployment mechanism , and the test 's high-definition instrumentation -- including cameras -- to record data .
The rocket carried the payload as high as about 32 miles ( 51 kilometers ) . Forty-two seconds later , at an altitude of 26 miles ( 42 kilometers ) and a velocity of 1.8 times the speed of sound , the test conditions were met and the Mars parachute successfully deployed . Thirty-five minutes after launch , ASPIRE splashed down in the Atlantic Ocean about 34 miles ( 54 kilometers ) southeast of Wallops Island .
`` Everything went according to plan or better than planned , '' said Clark . `` We not only proved that we could get our payload to the correct altitude and velocity conditions to best mimic a parachute deployment in the Martian atmosphere , but as an added bonus , we got to see our parachute in action as well . ''
The parachute tested during this first flight was almost an exact copy of the parachute used to land NASA 's Mars Science Laboratory successfully on the Red Planet in 2012 . Future tests will evaluate the performance of a strengthened parachute that could also be used in future Mars missions . The Mars 2020 team will use data from these tests to finalize the design for its mission .
The next ASPIRE test is planned for February 2018 .
The Mars 2020 project 's parachute-testing series , ASPIRE , is managed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , with support from NASA 's Langley Research Center , Hampton , Virginia , and NASA 's Ames Research Center , Mountain View , California , for NASA 's Space Science Mission Directorate . NASA 's Sounding Rocket Program is based at the agency 's Wallops Flight Facility . Orbital ATK provides mission planning , engineering services and field operations through the NASA Sounding Rocket Operations Contract . NASA 's Heliophysics Division manages the sounding-rocket program for the agency .
News Media Contact
DC AgleJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.agle @ jpl.nasa.gov818-393-9011Keith KoehlerNASA 's Wallops Flight Facilitykeith.a.koehler @ nasa.gov757-824-1579Dwayne Brown / Laurie CantilloNASA Headquarters , Washington202-358-1726 / 202-358-1077dwayne.c.brown @ nasa.gov / laura.l.cantillo @ nasa.gov2017-294
Berlin , probably one of the most frequented KDE hacking locations in the world , saw another hack sprint from 13th to 21st of February . This time four of the KDevelop and five of the Kate developers shared a week of very productive programming . Additionally team members from Okteta and KDE on Windows joined the meeting .
Attendees
Many of the attendees found time for a quick group photo :
Group photo in front of the Brandenburger Tor Group photo in front of the Brandenburger Tor
In the group photo are , from left to right : Alexander Dymo ( KDevelop ) , Joseph Wenninger ( Kate ) , Aleix Pol ( KDevelop ) , Niko Sams ( KDevelop ) , Bernhard Beschow ( Kate ) , Milian Wolff ( Kate & KDevelop ) , Christoph Cullmann ( Kate ) , Friedrich Kossebau ( Okteta ) , Dominik Haumann ( Kate ) . Erlend Hamberg ( Kate ) and Patrick Spendrin ( KDE on Windows ) also attended .
As usual the meeting was great fun and additionally quite some important work on the projects could get done . As also mentioned in
this blog developer meetings are really beneficial in several ways :
Social aspect : You get to know the other developers involved in the project in real life , which is a great motivation factor . This also happens at KDE 's annual conference Akademy , although there are a lot more people .
Productivity : Since you are sitting next to each other , discussions about how to do what are very focused . It 's amazing how quickly a project can evolve this way .
Knowledge Transfer : Since participants are experts in different areas , discussions lead to knowledge transfer . This is essential , as sometimes developers have very few free times to contributes to a project . Spreading the knowledge helps a lot to keep the project alive .
Steady Contributions : We are always open for new contributors . Just send a patch , get commit access and join development . Experience shows that participants of a developer meeting usually contribute for years to come .
Kate
With eight days this sprint was the longest the Kate developers ever did . A huge amount of time was spent on bug triaging ( checking ) and fixing . A total of 150 bugs got triaged , especially by Dominik and Christoph , who also set a new record by fixing a bug in only 56 seconds . Granted , he 'd be even faster if Milian had told them the bug number earlier ; - )
But not only were bugs triaged , they also got closed . Together with the new features a total of 159 commits got done during the sprint : many memory leaks and crashes got fixed . Moreover , besides many specific speed improvements , the overall performance was increased . JavaScript support and indenters got new features and became more stable . Internals were refactored ( esp . the search by Bernhard ) and the Snippet plugin got some polish by Joseph . Erlend continued work on the VI mode . By cooperating with Bernhard , the search integration should be better in the future . Immediate results are that the `` search for next/previous occurrence of word under cursor '' commands now work . An effort to support vim 's visual block mode was also begun .
All in all one can say that the sprint results in a faster , more stable and more mature Kate . The good thing of course is that many of the speed and stability improvements were backported and hence users can take advantage of them starting with Kate 3.4.1 , part of the recently released KDE Software Compilation 4.4.1 .
On a technical note , Kate development moved to gitorious . This move is motivated by the fact that building only KTextEditor , Kate Part , KWrite and Kate is much faster and especially easier compared to building the KDE modules kdesupport , kdelibs , kdepimlibs , kdebase and kdesdk . This lowers the barrier for new developers interested in Kate development . For Kate in KDE nothing changes , though : all changes on gitorious will be merged back to the main KDE development line and vice versa . Moving upstream development to git also brought new , fresh air into the discussion about all of KDE development moving to git . So stay tuned !
KDevelop
KDevelop With Ruby On Rails Project KDevelop With Ruby On Rails Project
Even though the numbers are not so spectacular for KDevelop , the developers did not stand idly by : since a first stable release of KDevelop 4 is on the horizon , the developers concentrated on stability and polishing . Especially with the help of the Kate developers on the spot some of the more evasive bugs could be solved in the Kate Part . Overall a total of 15 Bugs got closed during the sprint .
Alexander Dymo managed to decrease the memory consumption of the C++-language plugin for certain cases . They also reviewed parts of the UI together with Niko and created a list of things that will hopefully get sorted out before the launch of KDevelop 4 . Finally they also put some work into the experimental Ruby language plugin , finally making it useful for themselves and hopefully others who are Ruby on Rails developers .
Niko Sams put some more work into the debugger integration , which now makes it possible to open any arbitrary binary inside the embedded debugger in KDevelop . Furthermore they released the first beta version of the XDebug plugin , which makes it possible to debug PHP applications in KDevelop . Additionally , their experimental CSS support plugin saw more work . And last but not least managed Niko to greatly increase the performance of auto completion in the PHP plugin , resulting in a much nicer experience .
VCS integration got some love by Aleix Pol . Especially the still experimental Git plugin was improved and can hopefully be made stable in time for the move of KDE development to Git .
Quick Open Rails Views Quick Open Rails Views
Milian Wolff continued to improve the Snippet plugin for KDevelop , integrating the GHNS framework and making it generally more usable . Together with Niko they also continued to polish and improve the PHP plugin for KDevelop .
Friedrich Kossebau , while attending the sprint to work on the integration of Okteta in KDevelop , also used the occasion to get first-hand support for the initial work on a plugin for the management of strings written for the UI . These will be shown in a separate browser toolview as well as being additionally used for the auto completion , along with help on semantic markup and context tags . This plugin had a blazing start and will hopefully see more work in the upcoming months .
KDevelop 4 now in stabilization phase
In related KDevelop news , Andreas Pakulat has announced that the last Beta release of KDevelop 4.0 is now available . This release marks the end of all feature development and the beginning of the stabilization phase . Finally KDevelop 4.0 is on the last meters towards its first Platform 4 stable release . More details on the exact dates please are available in the release
schedule .
In addition to new features coming from the developer meeting , the majority of changes are bugfixes , this ranges from supporting git-type diffs in the patch-review , over improvements for the launch-configurations to various crash fixes related to parsing .
You can find the source packages on the KDE mirrors and there are instructions for compiling . You can also check out a comparison of KDevelop 3 and 4 .
Okteta
Okteta plug in for KDevelop Okteta plug in for KDevelop
With the attendance of Okteta author Friedrich Kossebau , the complete team of everybody 's favorite KDE hex editor was present . They managed to properly integrate Okteta into KDevelop , by creating a dedicated new KDevelop plug in . This will make it possible to view and edit the raw data of any file from inside KDevelop . The only show-stopper left is missing support for opening files in the hex-editor mode . The basic work was completed in just three days and proved the strong and flexible architecture of KDevelop as well as the possibilities enabled by the modular construction of Okteta . Despite this work Okteta will also continue to be available as a stand-alone program . Besides this exciting feature , Friedrich worked on a variety of other things and improvements , including the earlier mentioned string management plugin .
Conclusion
As usual , putting smart minds together at a KDE developer meeting turned out to be a tremendous success and the attendees unanimously concurred that this experience should be repeated . Especially sharing knowledge between the KDevelop and Kate developers turned out to be very beneficial and made it possible to quickly sort out quite a few issues and discuss fundamental design plans .
Lee Munson 's book , Rigged Money : Beating Wall Street At Its Own Game , has just been published by Wiley & Sons . Here , they describe how we need to rethink capitalism .
Let me tell you about a time , long ago , when finance served a purpose . When people wanted to build a new house , they would go to their local community bank and request a loan . When a town wanted to build a road , they would issue a bond , with help from their local finance officer . When a business wanted extra money to grow , it would issue stocks on an exchange .
It sounds like a fairy tale in the days of total return swaps , Vanna Volga pricing , and Himalayan options ( all real finance terms ) but it 's the truth .
Occupy Wall Street was able to hit the nerve , but may not have known it at the time . The protesters in Zuccotti Park and around the country demonized capitalism but largely ignored finance , the real name of the beast .
Look at the ads that Wall Street firms splash across financial magazines . They have one theme : We help businesses get richer with our financial skills . Really ? You see , they have to spend millions to convince you they really are trying to help businesses when most of the profits are coming from proprietary trading and making bets with other traders . This way you , the uninformed public , will look like capitalist hating communists by raising any criticism of good-natured finance professionals just trying to keep America moving forward .
This is a lie . No one ever built a bridge from proprietary trading . Goldman bankers taking home a $ 5 million bonus does n't do anything to prepare America for a globalized world . All financial activity is not the same - and it 's O.K . to say that some is destructive and not own a copy of The Little Red Book .
So speak out . Demand financial companies return to their prime directive - helping American businesses grow and every day citizens prosper .
There will always be traders to provide liquidity and take the other side of financial transactions , but investment-banks need to pledge allegiance to capitalism . Like the French Foreign Legion , Wall Street is a motley bunch of the devil 's rejects who are supposed to act as mercenaries for clients .
That is what I do for a living . I get paid when I protect my clients ' capital and make sure they do n't outlive their retirement savings . When the client is the investment-bank itself you have a rogue force with no allegiance , no focus , and no possibility to create anything but damage to the system .
We are fighting for the soul of the U.S. investor . Now is the time for finance to sign up to defend capitalism , not usurp it . Can we change the course ? Yes we can .
Step 1 : Make firms do what their ads say they do : help business grow with the aid of finance .
Step 2 : Make firms admit what they do : finance , which does not save baby whales . Mercenaries are a necessary good , not evil , to help capitalism grow and provide jobs . When was the last time you saw a SEAL team get a medal for screwing up a mission ?
Step 3 : Admit to ourselves we love capitalism . I love my cat , too . It does n't mean they love me back , but it is what we have to work with . Do n't let Wall Street trick you into thinking 2008 was anything but dereliction of duty .
49ers running back Brandon Jacobs is becoming even more frustrated with their limited role for San Francisco .
Article continues below ...
Jacobs on Saturday said via Instagram that they are ” on this team rotting away ” while referring to their first season with the Niners as their ” worst ” yet during an eight-year career that included seven with the New York Giants .
In recent days , they posted a series of photos of themselves playing for the Giants and even a picture of their two Super Bowl championship rings , side by side .
” I am on this team rotting away so why would I wan na put any pics up of anything that say niners , ” Jacobs said . ” This is by far the worst year I ever had , I 'll tell you like I told plenty others . ”
The 30-year-old Jacobs has five carries for 7 yards while being active for only two games with the NFC West-leading Niners ( 9-3-1 ) , who beat the Miami Dolphins 27-13 on Sunday .
Jacobs , inactive again with rookie LaMichael James active for the first time , repeatedly has referred any questions about their playing time to head coach Jim Harbaugh .
On Twitter later , Jacobs said : ” I do n't understand why people are angry at me because I wan na do what I am paid to do , I am a competitive person , I think people should be mad if I did n't wan na play . … As for all of my Instagram photos I do n't have any niner pics , if you 'll find me some pics I 'll put them up . ”
Jacobs , hampered by a knee injury earlier this season , spends approximately 20 minutes before games punching the goal-post padding . They have said it is their way of dealing with the situation .
When asked after Sunday 's game about Jacobs ' comments , Harbaugh only said , ” I have no comment for that . ”
Last month , Jacobs posted advice on Twitter with a reference to never working ” in a place where you hate your boss so much , you should always be happy at work ” with a hash tag of ” YouLiveAndYouLearn . ”
Their post came the same day Harbaugh was hospitalized for a minor procedure for an irregular heartbeat .
Jacobs then said people should n't ” assume ” their remarks were football-related , then followed up with more tweets , including one reading ” football is not my life , people ” and another saying , ” Have you ever been in a spot and you wonder why are you there . ”
Later , they posted that their tweets referred to their brother 's boss , who makes ” him feel like they are the best thing since slice bread but when the budget is shot they are the first one get laid off , same with two other people I know . ”
The 30-year-old Jacobs ran for 571 yards and seven touchdowns last season as a backup to Ahmad Bradshaw . They are the fourth-leading rusher in franchise history with 4,849 yards , but saw their role diminish with the emergence of Bradshaw and became increasingly disgruntled .
Now , they play behind Frank Gore , Anthony Dixon and James .
Gene Simmons appears at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles in 2012 to announce an upcoming tour . ( Kevin Winter/Getty Images )
Numerous historians long ago agreed that rock-and-roll emerged from Ike Turner 's “ Rocket 88 , ” but who invented the “ rock on ” hand gesture so associated with the genre ?
That 's the hand signal fans and rockers alike hold up during shows , in which the index and pinkie fingers are extended , the middle and ring finger are curled into the palm , and the thumb either sticks out from the hand like an errant branch from a tree or is also curled into the palm .
The “ rock on ” or “ Devil 's horns ” hand gesture , which Gene Simmons wants trademarked . ( Courtesy of U.S. Patent and Trademark Office )
And Gene Simmons , the co-founder of Kiss , claims they used it first .
Simmons recently filed an application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office , seeking to trademark the hand gesture . They claimed on the application that the gesture was first used commercially , by him , on Nov. 14 , 1974 , which would have been during Kiss 's “ Hotter Than Hell ” tour .
For their request to be accepted , of course , “ an examiner would consider the likelihood of confusion and , possibly , whether it 's too generic to be associated with Simmons , ” according to the Hollywood Reporter .
While there is documented evidence Simmons liked to rock-and-roll all night and party every day , they may have a bumpy road arguing they were the first to use or popularize the gesture that 's become ubiquitous among fans of loud guitar riffs and pounding drums .
Similar gestures — if not the exact same one — can be found in the world of music predating Kiss touring on its debut , eponymous record in 1974 .
Consider , for example , John Lennon 's hand on the cover of the Beatles 's single “ Yellow Submarine/Eleanor Rigby , ” which was released in 1966 — a full seven years before Kiss was even formed .
I will see your grainy G. Simmons and raise you one J. Lennon on the cover of the Yellow Submarine single 1966 . # NoTrademark pic.twitter.com/bV2s6rHyUP — Chuck Nowlin ( @ ChuckNowlinWZLX ) June 15 , 2017
Then in 1969 , psychedelic rock band Coven released an EP with not one but two members flashing the sign . This variation , though , does pull the thumb in , which is the more popular version of the gesture in rock music .
Gene Simmons wants to trademark 'devil 's horn ' gesture . Says first used in 1974… yet Coven released this album in 1969 . Hmmmmm… pic.twitter.com/vwqktTQ9p8 — Mitch Lafon ( @ mitchlafon ) June 15 , 2017
Many credit the popularization of the hand gesture not to Simmons but to Ronnie James Dio , the heavy metal rocker who in 1979 replaced Ozzy Osbourne in Black Sabbath . As the Florida Times-Union reported :
Ozzy 's big gimmick on stage was flashing double peace signs . It had become such a Black Sabbath ritual that when Dio took over , they felt the band would n't be the same unless they used a symbol as well , a former publicity agent told The Wall Street Journal . But they did n't want to be an Ozzy copycat . Setting themselves apart from Ozzy , Dio adopted what has become the rock music salute .
The gesture — both with thumb curled in and sticking out — enjoyed a long history before anyone ever plugged in an electric guitar , though .
Fans of the University of Texas at Austin have been using the hand gesture ( thumb in ) , which they call the “ Hook Em ' Horns ” symbol , to cheer on their beloved Longhorns on the gridiron or court ever since a group of students came up with the symbol in 1955 , according to the Texas State Historical Association .
Texas quarterback Chris Simms give the Hook ‘ Em Horns sign after beating Louisiana State 35-20 in the Cotton Bowl on Jan. 1 , 2003 . ( AP/Tony Gutierrez )
Meanwhile , superstitious Italians have used the gesture for many years to ward off the devil . Dio told Metal Rules online magazine they originally got it from their grandmother .
“ I doubt very much if I would be the first one who ever did that . That 's like saying I invented the wheel , I 'm sure someone did that at some other point , ” Dio said . “ It 's an Italian thing I got from my grandmother … It 's to ward off the Evil Eye or to give the Evil Eye , depending on which way you do it . ”
It even appeared in this context in Bram Stroker 's 1897 novel “ Dracula . ”
Indeed , the BBC reported it is a common gesture in Italy , and has a double meaning . One might use it in a vulgar manner , flash it to a man whose wife is rumored to be cheating on him .
Here in the states , meanwhile , the gesture is known for a few reasons outside of music .
The more frivolous one is that Spider-Man makes it when they shoot sticky webs from their wrists .
Tomorrow is the day YOU become Spider-Man ! Tag a photo of your Spidey costume on Instagram with # SpideyHalloween . A post shared by Spider-Man ( @ spidermanmovie ) on Oct 30 , 2014 at 2:23pm PDT
More importantly , though , it 's the American Sign Language symbol for “ love . ”
Edith Rikuris gives the “ I love you ” sign to fellow residents at Columbus Colony in Westerville , Ohio , in 2009 . ( Maddie McGarvey/For The Washington Post Magazine )
Simmons sure seems to have a long road ahead of him , but claiming a hand gesture is n't completely unprecedented . Dallas Page , a professional wrestler known to fans as Diamond Dallas Page , long touched their index fingers and thumbs together to create a diamond as a sort of calling card . They were able to trademark it .
Meanwhile , 3OH ! 3 , a Colorado electronic band , made a similar hand gesture in a photo shoot . Theirs was rounder , though , creating more of a circle than a diamond . Page sued the band in district court , and the parties eventually settled .
More from Morning Mix
Did Bob Dylan crib from SparkNotes for their Nobel lecture ?
United apologizes after 2015 video shows employee pushing 71-year-old passenger to floor
As a prosecutor , Kamala Harris 's doggedness was praised . As a senator , she 's deemed ‘ hysterical . '
Trump calls mayor of shrinking Chesapeake island and tells them not to worry about it
ST. PAUL , Minn. — The next chief sergeant-at-arms of the Minnesota House will have something most recent predecessors lacked : A law enforcement background .
It 's a requirement in a retooled job description that also seeks someone skilled in `` crisis intervention techniques . '' The change in scope for the top chamber doorman , enforcer of public decorum and key legislative administrator is part to nod to security and part desire to move away from the patronage approach that rewarded majority-party allegiants .
Despite the muscular title , the job in Minnesota and many other places is more coordinator and hall monitor than Capitol cop . The shining moment for the Minnesota House sergeant-at-arms is announcing the entrance of dignitaries and the governor before the State of the State address .
But there can be brushes with danger : In October , the chief sergeant for the Canadian Parliament gunned down a man who stormed the building after killing a soldier outside the Ottawa seat of government .
House Speaker-designate Kurt Daudt , R-Crown , said converting the chief sergeant job to a nonpartisan post should bring more stability to a role that long shifted with the political winds . And in an age of enhanced security concern , Daudt said the new chief will have a louder voice in building safety . The sergeant 's team works with Capitol Security and the State Patrol , which both have a uniformed presence .
`` It 's someone who can assess if there is a risk or a threat and who knows what to do if there is a threat , '' Daudt said , adding , `` We always have to be alert . It 's not just about us . It 's about the public as well . ''
Minnesota 's Capitol is among the most open in the nation . Visitors do n't pass through metal detectors . They can walk within feet of legislative chamber entrances , approaching lawmakers with ease . Those with proper permits can carry firearms into the building with minimal notification .
Position qualifications call for a present or former licensed peace officer with at least 10 years of experience . Candidates with police service at a supervisory level — someone who held the rank of sergeant or higher — get preference .
Crisis intervention skills are a must `` for dealing with and solving problems presented by a variety of individuals from various socio-economic , cultural and ethnic backgrounds , in person , over the telephone , often when relations may be confrontational , '' according to the job posting .
The application window closed Dec. 1 . Daudt said candidate interviews will start next week . Salary will range from $ 67,000 to $ 123,000 depending on experience .
Whether the sergeant will be armed is an open question . Daudt said it 's a possibility . Rep. Paul Thissen , who is going from House speaker to Democratic minority leader , said they have n't given that aspect much thought .
`` I suppose if someone has the training I do n't necessarily have an objection to that , '' said Thissen , of Minneapolis . They suspect the person selected will have a firearm certification based on a prior career .
In the Minnesota Senate , Sven Lindquist has been chief sergeant since 1985 , when they were 22 . They did n't have a background in law enforcement and has persisted through two changes in party power .
The complexion of chief sergeants throughout the country differs greatly . In Vermont , for example , a former legislator and high school chemistry teacher has the job . In California , the Senate 's president recently appointed a new chief while touting their law enforcement certification and extensive training in terrorism threat assessment .
SANTA ANA ( CBSLA.com ) — The union that represents the Orange County sheriff 's deputies filed a lawsuit Thursday calling for the restoration of a “ safe and appropriate working environment ” at Central Men 's Jail in Santa Ana .
The suit was filed by the Association of Orange County Deputy Sheriffs against Orange County Sheriff Sandra Hutchens , the County of Orange and the Orange County Sheriff 's Department , among others .
It claims in court documents that the jail is unsafe for both deputies and the inmates being held there .
The suit alleges that safety concerns have been raised over the past several years and were either “ immediately dismissed or deliberately ignored . ”
“ We have been voicing our concerns about the safety at the Central Men 's Jail for years , ” said AOCDS President Tom Dominguez in a statement . “ Those longstanding concerns coupled with a more violent inmate population and the recent significant staffing reductions at the Central Men 's Jail forced us to take immediate action . ”
According to court documents , the suit alleges that the jail , which opened in 1967 , was designed to house “ mainly misdemeanor county inmates . ”
Yet , it claims , a majority of inmates it houses are those who were convicted of felony charges or are awaiting trial on felony charges .
The suit points to the Jan. 22 jailbreak of three inmates , who were later rearrested .
According to authorities , Jonathan Tieu , 20 ; Hossein Nayeri , 37 ; and 43-year-old Bac Duong have been charged with violent crimes and were and are being held at the facility .
The suit claims their “ histories , affiliations and current charges is clearly evidence of the ever-increasingly dangerous jail environment . ”
The suit is asking for an injunction that if granted would require staffing levels to be increased , among other relief .
CBS Los Angeles reached out to the Sheriff 's Department , which at the time of publication had not yet responded to a request for comment .
Putting science in a frame
During February 's meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , a large audience packed the room for a session with a provocative title : `` Communicating Science in a Religious America . '' Seven speakers discussed how scientific information is delivered to and perceived by a public that interprets it in light of personal beliefs , religious and otherwise .
The talks were organized by Matthew Nisbet , a professor of communications who is a proponent of the framing of science , in which communications techniques borrowed from the political realm are applied to promote scientific understanding . As such , a number of speakers advocated specific frames for publicly controversial scientific issues . Unfortunately , the use of those frames appears likely to generate controversy within the scientific community , and several speakers noted that science faces challenges that go well beyond communicating knowledge to the public . There were some hints of a way forward that might work for both the scientific community and the public , but the challenges appear significant .
Ken Miller , designed by fish
The first speaker was Ken Miller , a cell biologist on the faculty of Brown University . Miller has done appearances everywhere from The Colbert Report to the witness box of the Dover trial over intelligent design . Their high school biology textbook has carried stickers warning of its content on evolution , yet , as a practicing Catholic , he 's written books describing the compatibility between evolution and their view of theology . There are few people better placed to discuss the often-messy intersection between science and religious faith .
Miller 's talk focused on the ID movement , which they described as a scientific failure , but a public relations success story . They noted how the US trailed all European nations apart from Turkey in terms of its acceptance of the scientific evidence for evolution , but argued that these numbers do n't lend themselves to a simplistic `` science versus religion '' analysis . Miller pointed out that less than 20 percent of the US population subscribes to biblical literalism , while far higher rates reject evolutionary science .
This discrepancy , Miller suggested , is the result of a deep discomfort with the fact that evolution is grounded in the random occurrence of mutations . Fundamentally , people do n't want to think they were the product of a chain of accidents . Miller also played a video clip of former senator Rick Santorum , who argued that this randomness made no moral demands of people , suggesting that evolution could allow them to take an `` anything goes '' approach to social contracts . In this environment , design , with its emphasis on purposefulness and goals , makes for an emotionally compelling alternative . ID `` backs us into a corner , '' Miller said , as `` we have to argue that there is no design . '' That argument is made harder by the fact that many biologists have stated that things look designed , or drawn analogies between biological features and machinery .
Embrace your fishy design , says Miller
Image : Beth Rooney
The solution to this , in Miller 's view , is to describe evolution as a design process . Evolution is not an accident or a mistake , but a predictable property of nature , in which the process of exploring fitness space necessarily designs adaptations . Miller feels that the human body is designed ; it 's just designed by evolution using a fish as its raw material , an argument they borrowed from a recent book , Your Inner Fish by the discoverer of Tiktaalik .
The genetic material that produces humans is also a design , which evolution has produced using the primate genome as a foundation . For Miller , the laws of physics and chemistry necessitate a spontaneous and creative design process , and we simply know that process by the term `` evolution . '' For the religious , they said , that design process can imply God . For anyone else , however , it comes from some other source .
Although this presentation might make for good public relations , there appears to be a danger that it will further fragment the scientific community . The appearance of design is a very subjective thing , and there are many biologists ( including myself ) that do n't subscribe to the view that their subject matter looks designed . It 's also far from clear that the atheists will be comfortable being told that they should look for any source for the necessity of evolution as a design process .
Matt Nisbet frames atheists
If atheists might feel uncomfortable with Miller 's suggestion , they would likely be very unhappy by a talk from Matt Nisbet , entitled `` New atheism and the public image of science . '' Nisbet argued in favor of framing , which , to a certain extent , is Miller 's approach applied broadly : find values and perceptions that are shared between the public and scientific communities and emphasize those . An example Nisbet gave is the shared awe of nature , which can be used as a frame in which the results and implications of environmental studies can be presented .
Framing has not been without controversy , as some have viewed is as little more than a form of empty platitude or an attempt to dumb down science . What became clear from Nisbet 's talk , however , is that there can also be people left out of the ostensibly-shared values ; it should be no surprise they are objecting .
There 's no conflict in the
National Academies ' frame
Nisbet focused on evolution , arguing that it needs to be framed as a method of societal advancement , a relatively easy argument to make in the age of drug-resistant bacteria . But they also said that the frame needs to emphasize a lack of conflict between evolution and personal beliefs . Both of these frames went into the production of the National Academies ' new book , Science , Evolution , and Creationism ( PDF ) , which used surveys and focus groups to identify and address the audience it needed to reach . Nisbet also cited surveys of the national press that indicate that the `` no conflict '' frame was reaching the public . Even during peaks of coverage , such as the Dover trial , coverage that linked evolution and religious issues did n't rise to the level of that seen with stem cell coverage , and only a quarter of the articles used conflict imagery in their descriptions .
Unfortunately , from Nisbet 's perspective , not everyone has gotten with the program . The `` New Atheists , '' such as Richard Dawkins and Sam Harris , have claimed to apply scientific standards such as objective empirical evidence to religious issues and , using this as a standard for reason , have found religious beliefs to be unreasonable . Whether this is an appropriate use of scientific logic is irrelevant to Nisbet ; instead , they focus on the fact that the new atheists are n't going along with non-conflict framing , and they argue they are harming science in the process
I personally agree that the presentation of scientific principles as in conflict with , or capable of invalidating , religious beliefs does the scientific community more harm than good . That said , I 'm extremely uncomfortable with telling those who have chosen to do so that they should n't be part of the public engagement process . It smacks of censorship , and implies that atheists are not fully part of the scientific community . So long as speakers distinguish their beliefs from the scientific process , nobody should be discouraged from discussing a topic because it conflicts with a public relations agenda .
Shameless Liar Obama Says Newtown Killer Used “ Fully Automatic Weapon ”
Barack Obama was up to their old tricks last night while speaking to supporters in San Francisco . The president said the Newtown shooter used a “ fully automatic weapon ” in their attack at Sandy Hook school .
U.S. President Barack Obama ( C ) gestures before boarding Marine One to a Democratic fund raiser in San Francisco April 4 , 2013 . In the background is the Golden Gate Bridge . ( REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque )
Adam Lanza used a Bushmaster rifle ( not an automatic ) and carried a handgun with them that they used to shoot himself .
The Weekly Standard Blog reported :
At a fundraiser last night in San Francisco , President Barack Obama said that the Newtown killer gunned down 20 children using a “ fully automatic weapon. ” From the official transcript , provided by the White House :
Now , over the next couple of months , we 've got a couple of issues : gun control . ( Applause . ) I just came from Denver , where the issue of gun violence is something that has haunted families for way too long , and it is possible for us to create common-sense gun safety measures that respect the traditions of gun ownership in this country and hunters and sportsmen , but also make sure that we do n't have another 20 children in a classroom gunned down by a semiautomatic weapon — by a fully automatic weapon in that case , sadly .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC 's Mark Lowen : `` It was some of the worst violence Athens had seen for months ''
Greek MPs have approved a controversial package of austerity measures , demanded by the eurozone and IMF in return for a 130bn euro ( $ 170bn ; £110bn ) bailout .
The vote was carried by 199 in favour to 74 against .
Coalition parties expelled more than 40 deputies for failing to back the bill .
Tens of thousands protested in Athens , where there were widespread clashes and buildings were set on fire . Violent protests were reported in cities across the country .
Protesters outside parliament threw stones and petrol bombs , and police responded with tear gas . Scores of police and protesters were injured .
Prime Minister Lucas Papademos urged calm , insisting that the austerity package would `` set the foundations for the reform and recovery of the economy '' .
At the scene The flames have died down and the debris has been cleared by Athens authorities now well versed in post-riot clean-ups . But anger is building here and another spark could unleash yet more fury . Eurozone leaders will breathe a sigh of relief that Greece has got over this latest hurdle and the Greek government will expect vital bailout funds to start flowing soon . But many ordinary people feel that their country took another leap towards breaking point last night . The big question is when the next crisis moment will come . Is this simply kicking the can further down the road , with Greece 's debt level remaining unsustainable in the long run ? And will this country - will Europe - at some stages feel that the sacrifices Greece is making to stay in the euro are simply too great ?
`` Vandalism , violence and destruction have no place in a democratic country and wo n't be tolerated , '' they said in a speech in parliament before the vote .
The bill passed parliament easily as the two largest parties in the coalition - Pasok and New Democracy - account for more than two-thirds of the deputies .
The austerity measures include :
15,000 public-sector job cuts
liberalisation of labour laws
lowering the minimum wage by 20 % from 751 euros a month to 600 euros
Eurozone ministers must now ratify the measures at a meeting in Brussels on Wednesday before bailout funds can be released .
The ministers rejected proposals put forward by the Greeks last week , which they said fell 325m euros short of the cuts needed .
The BBC 's Mark Lowen in Athens says the public are increasingly angry with the austerity measures and feel that the impact is beyond the value of the bailout .
The violence sends a clear and unmistakable message to Brussels : they can not bank on the new measures being implemented Read Gavin 's thoughts in full
At least 80,000 people were reported to have joined demonstrations in Athens , with another 20,000 protesting in Thessaloniki .
Running battles with police continued in the capital until late on Sunday , although no new clashes were reported after the vote .
Protesters hurled flares and chunks of marble torn up from the square . Some had tried to break through a cordon of riot police around the parliament .
Several historic buildings , including cafes and cinemas , were set alight .
Ioannis Simantiras , 34 , said the protesters were boxed in by police .
`` Nobody could get away from the gas , '' they told the BBC .
`` When it engulfed everybody , and everybody was choking the police drew back and opened up a corridor for us away from the parliament - that 's when everybody made a run for it . ''
Violent protests also spread to other Greek towns and cities , including the islands of Corfu and Crete , according to state TV .
What went wrong in Greece ? What went wrong in Greece ? Greece 's economic reforms , which led to it abandoning the drachma as its currency in favour of the euro in 2002 , made it easier for the country to borrow money . What went wrong in Greece ? Greece went on a big , debt-funded spending spree , including paying for high-profile projects such as the 2004 Athens Olympics , which went well over its budget . What went wrong in Greece ? The country was hit by the downturn , which meant it had to spend more on benefits and received less in taxes . There were also doubts about the accuracy of its economic statistics . What went wrong in Greece ? Greece 's economic problems meant lenders started charging higher interest rates to lend it money . Widespread tax evasion also hit the government 's coffers . What went wrong in Greece ? There have been demonstrations against the government 's austerity measures to deal with its debt , such as cuts to public sector pay and pensions , reduced benefits and increased taxes . What went wrong in Greece ? Eurozone leaders are worried that if Greece were to default , and even leave the euro , it would cause a major financial crisis that could spread to much bigger economies such as Italy and Spain . What went wrong in Greece ? In 2010 , the EU , IMF and ECB agreed a bailout worth 110bn euros ( £92bn ; $ 145bn ) for Greece . Prime Minister George Papandreou quit the following year while negotiating its follow-up . What went wrong in Greece ? Lucas Papademos , who succeeded Mr Papandreou , has negotiated a second bailout of 130bn euros , plus a debt writedown of 107bn euros . The price : increased austerity and eurozone monitoring . What went wrong in Greece ? In May 2012 elections a majority of voters backed parties opposed to austerity , but no group won an overall majority resulting in political deadlock . Fresh elections have been called in June . BACK { current } of { total } NEXT
Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said the question was not `` whether some salaries and pensions will be curtailed , but whether we will be able to pay even these reduced wages and pensions '' .
`` When you have to choose between bad and worse , you will pick what is bad to avoid what is worse , '' they said .
Greece needs the bailout the make its next repayment on its huge sovereign debt .
If it can not make the payment , it will default and in effect become bankrupt .
Analysts say such a `` chaotic default '' could endanger Europe 's financial stability and possibly even leading to a break-up of the eurozone .
As part of the deal with international lenders , Greece will also be able to write off 100bn euros of privately held debt .
Earlier this week several ministers from the coalition government , including two from Pasok , quit in protest at the measures .
The leader of the far-right Laos party , the junior coalition member , announced their 15 deputies would not back the austerity measures .
George Karatzaferis complained that the measures amounted to Greeks being `` humiliated '' by Germany .
The eurozone bloc has demanded `` strong political assurances '' that the packages will be implemented regardless of which party wins a general election due in April .
In an interesting shakeup , Comedy Central has chosen to replace This Is Not Happening host Ari Shaffir with Roy Wood Jr .
This Is Not Happening is based on the web series/live show co-created by Shaffir , it features comedians telling insane and true stories based on a theme , like families or drugs . It 's been a great platform for comics to showcase their skills beyond being able to deliver stellar stand-up sets ; and because Shaffir made an effort to solicit submissions from up-and-coming comics , it 's also been one of the few cable TV shows lesser-known comedians can realistically dream of appearing on .
Now , after three seasons , Comedy Central announced that they 're putting Daily Show correspondent Roy Wood Jr. in the host position . After the news , we happened to briefly catch up with Roy Wood Jr. at Clusterfest . They expressed their excitement about the opportunity to host such a great show , said they spoke with Shaffir to get some pointers , and was prepping hard to be ready to host the show in just a few short hours .
Shaffir addressed the news on their Skeptic Tank podcast stating , “ Unfortunately , due to some things that are out of my control , and I 'm really sorry about this , I wo n't be there to host this year . Some sh * t came up and it 's so last minute and we 're not going to cancel the show [ tapings ] because I ca n't be there to host the shows . So , we got Roy Wood Jr. , who is an outstanding comic , to host. ” Shaffir added , “ we still have great comics and the shows are going to be tremendous . ”
If you are one for timing , this all came shortly after Shaffir made their own announcement on Instagram about their upcoming pair of Netflix specials :
I have a humongous announcement ! My Netflix double special comes out July 18 ! Mark your calendars ! I 'm so fucking excited ! ! ! ! pic.twitter.com/gxNX5jeqvL — Ari Shaffir ( @ AriShaffir ) June 3 , 2017
This effusive announcement – that their specials Double Negative : Childhood and Double Negative : Adulthood will start streaming next month – has a lot of compliments for Netflix , with Shaffir explaining exactly why the digital network is the best possible home for him . For those good at reading between the lines , it seems the split between Shaffir and Comedy Central might not be entirely amicable – especially since it happened after Shaffir 's announcement about taking their new specials to Netflix .
While Shaffir is leaving This Is Not Happening , they still helped curate the fourth season 's lineup ; the performers slated to appear ( though we 're hearing there may be a few changes ) include the following comics :
Gastor Almonte , Louie Anderson , Tone Bell , Sandra Bernhard , Joel Kim Booster , Byron Bowers , Drew Carey , Tommy Chong , Rob Christensen , Kelsey Cook , Thomas Dale , DeRay Davis , Joey Diaz , Chris Distefano , Chris Garcia , Tom Green , Tiffany Haddish , Darrell Hammond , Lil Rel Howery , Krystyna Hutchinson , Louis Katz , Martha Kelly , Kyle Kinane , Michael Kosta , Talib Kweli , Dave Landau , Jay Larson , Steve Lem me , Dave Macklovitch ( of Chromeo ) , Kathleen Madigan , Al Madrigal , Howie Mandel , Shane Mauss , Ralphie May , Michael McDonald , Kurt Metzger , Jim Norton , Jay Oakerson , Ryan O'Neill , Sean Patton , Eddie Pepitone , Chris Porter , Chris Redd , Jessa Reed , Tom Rhodes , Rita Rudner , Yamaneika Saunders , Tom Segura , Ali Siddiq , Doug Smith , Kevin Smith , Dan Soder , Scott Thompson , Brandt Tobler , Carrot Top , Theo Von , Brooks Wheelan , Brad Williams , and Harland Williams
Until season four premieres , you can catch up on This Is Not Happeningon Comedy Central and in its original web series form .
Ms. Jackson described the proposal as a common-sense rule tailored to apply to only the largest facilities — those that emit at least 25,000 tons of carbon dioxide a year — which are responsible for nearly 70 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States .
The rule would not , as critics contend , cover “ every cow and Dunkin ' Donuts , ” Ms. Jackson said .
The move was timed to come on the same day that two Democratic senators , John F. Kerry of Massachusetts and Barbara Boxer of California , introduced global warming and energy legislation that faces a steep climb to passage this year .
The prospect of E.P.A . regulation of greenhouse gas emissions has generated fear and deep divisions within American industry . Some major utilities , oil companies and other heavy emitters are working closely with Congress to ensure that a climate bill would circumvent E.P.A . regulation by substituting a market-based cap-and-trade system . Others , led by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers , have worked against legislation and threatened to sue if the E.P.A . tries to impose controls on emissions of heat-trapping gases .
Ms. Jackson said the proposed rule had been written to exempt small businesses , farms , large office buildings and other relatively small sources of carbon dioxide emissions . But under the rule proposed Wednesday , the E.P.A . would assume authority for the greenhouse gas emissions of 14,000 coal-burning power plants , refineries and big industrial complexes that produce most of the nation 's greenhouse gas pollution .
The proposal will go through several months of drafting and public comment and faces likely litigation from industry and perhaps from environmentalists or citizen groups .
A typical coal-burning power plant emits several million tons of carbon dioxide a year . The 25,000-ton limit is comparable to the emissions from burning 131 rail cars of coal or the annual energy use of about 2,200 homes , according to the Environmental Defense Fund .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Senator James M. Inhofe , Republican of Oklahoma and an opponent of global warming legislation , called the proposed rule “ a backdoor energy tax ” that circumvents Congress and violates the terms of the Clean Air Act .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Scott Segal , a utility lobbyist with the law firm Bracewell & Giuliani in Washington , said the rule should not be used to rush Congress into passing a poorly drafted bill .
But they also said that the proposal “ strengthens the president 's negotiating hand in Copenhagen . ”
“ Even if the Senate does not act , ” Mr. Segal said , “ he can legitimately say to other nations , ‘ We are taking action on a unilateral basis . What are you doing ? ' ”
The proposal , long anticipated and highly controversial , is the government 's first step toward regulating greenhouse gases from stationary sources . The E.P.A . has already proposed an ambitious program to restrict such emissions from cars and trucks . The agency published the proposed vehicle emission rule this month ; it is expected to take effect next spring .
Ms. Jackson 's proposal would require facilities emitting at least 25,000 tons of carbon dioxide and five other pollutants a year to obtain construction and operating permits . The other gases are methane , nitrous oxide , hydrofluorocarbons , perfluorocarbons and sulfur hexafluoride .
The threshold is 100 times higher than that required for other types of pollutants like sulfur dioxide that have more acute health and environmental effects .
Ms. Jackson said that while the proposed rule would affect about 14,000 large sources of carbon dioxide , most were already subject to clean-air permitting requirements because they emit other pollutants .
By raising the standard to 25,000 tons , the new rule exempts millions of smaller sources of carbon dioxide emissions like bakeries , soft drink bottlers , dry cleaners and hospitals .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Industry groups reacted quickly , challenging the E.P.A . 's authority to use the Clean Air Act to regulate greenhouse gases and questioning Ms. Jackson 's power to lower the threshold for regulation .
Charles T. Drevna , president of the National Petrochemical & Refiners Association , said that the emission of greenhouse gases was a global problem and that it was pointless to regulate only some sources .
“ This proposal incorrectly assumes that one industry 's greenhouse gas emissions are worse than another 's , ” Mr. Drevna said . “ E.P.A . lacks the legal authority to categorically exempt sources that exceed the Clean Air Act 's major source threshold from permitting requirements , and this creates a troubling precedent for any agency actions in the future . ”
Supporters of the plan said that it was carefully written to affect only the biggest emitters .
“ This is a common-sense step toward a cleaner , better world , ” said Emily Figdor , federal global warming project director for Environment America .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS , Ind. , ( March 25 , 2016 ) -- A controversial abortion bill signed into law Thursday is already getting heat being called anti-woman and anti-choice .
Governor Pence signed the HEA 1337 into law making Indiana the second state in the country to ban abortions based on sex , race ancestry or genetic abnormalities , including Down Syndrome .
The governor calls the law , “ A comprehensive pro-life measure that affirms the value of all human life . ”
Indiana Right to Life commends Governor Pence for their “ commitment to protecting life , ” calling them “ a champion for the unborn and their mothers . ”
Planned Parenthood says the law is unconstitutional and wrong .
“ You do n't reduce the incidents of abortion by erecting the kinds of barriers that you see in HEA 1337 . It 's access to birth control and planning your pregnancies , '' said Betty Cockrum , President & CEO of Planned Parenthood of IN/KY .
Planned Parenthood of Indiana and Kentucky is working with the ACLU of Indiana and expect to file a complaint very soon and pursue a preliminary injunction .
The law also requires a burial or cremation after an abortion or miscarriage . In addition , it provides perinatal hospice information to parents who receive a negative prenatal diagnosis .
Right now , the law is set to take effect on July 1 .
Wednesday on Fox News Channel 's “ Tucker Carlson Tonight , ” conservative commentator Ann Coulter , author of “ In Trump We Trust : E Pluribus Awesome ! ” echoed their call urging President Donald Trump to get back on track on fulfilling their campaign promises and spend less time on “ Paul Ryan 's priorities . ”
“ They seem to be Paul Ryan 's priorities , and also just the standard GOP corporatist stuff , ” Coulter said . “ What made Donald Trump stand apart from the crowd and apart from the crowd from every presidential candidate for 20 years was immigration , trade , infrastructure , building a wall . Obviously , that was very , very popular . A lot of people listen to all this time . Look , I like tax cuts . I 'd love to have my taxes cut — 50 percent of people do n't even pay taxes . I think the bigger problem now is jobs . And I will not hold the emperor god responsible for this Obamacare-lite bill , but , oh for Pete 's sake . Am I the last person in America who understands the free market ? ”
“ Sean Spicer was very good today explaining to idiot reporters , getting mandated coverage does n't mean insurance companies wo n't cover it . It means Ann wo n't be required to pay for 15 services more like 50 services that I have no interest in , ” they continued .
“ They 're all talking about Congress is going to give us these things . Congress can give us nothing . The free market can give us things . And they are coming up with the premiums ? Who would be better to come up with the premiums — someone whose business it is that needs to come up with a good premium to compete to get my business , and who has disease specialists and actuarial specialists or politicians in Washington ? ”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
GHAT Libya ( Reuters ) - Abdulkabir and five of their friends , all from Niger , walked for hours over rocky hills and sandy paths to cross into southern Libya , without meeting a single border guard . Safely over the border , they now feel no need to hide .
A Libyan soldier ( R ) and a member of a security unit patrol the desert border between Libya and Algeria May 29 , 2014 . REUTERS/Ahmed Jadallah
Libya 's southwestern tip in the Sahara bordering Algeria and Niger has become an open door for illegal migrants from sub-Saharan countries heading for Europe , with the chaotic government in Tripoli appearing to have abandoned all control .
The revolt that overthrew Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi three years ago emptied Libya 's arsenals , flooded the region with guns and dismantled much of the state apparatus , giving well-organised smuggler networks the run of the frontier .
“ We crossed by foot . There was no army or police , ” said Abdulkabir , waiting with their friends for a smuggler to bring them to Ghat , the first town in Libya . They camped near an unpaved road that leads straight to the nearby Libyan passport control post , but no patrol disturbed them .
According to the Italian coast guard , at least 50,000 people have crossed from North Africa to Italy by boat so far this year , already far exceeding the 40,000 who arrived in the whole of 2013 . Most came over land from Sub-Saharan Africa , via Libya .
It has been always a challenge to seal Libya 's more than 2,000 km long southern border , but since Gaddafi 's fall it appears few are even trying . Tripoli , some 1,300 km to the north , has reduced funding to border troops as it grapples with a budget crisis due to protests that shut down oil exports .
“ The border is open day and night . Anyone who wants can cross it . There is no control , ” said Mohamed Abdel-Qadir , head of Ghat 's town council . “ Most ( smugglers ) are armed people , some of them drug dealers , some trade in weapons , goods and illegal migrants . ”
Border officials say up to 200 Africans cross the Ghat border strip every day , most headed north to the Mediterranean coast for the onward trip to Europe by boat .
In Ghat , a detention center has been built to house migrants caught trying to cross the frontier . But these days it stands empty and derelict : the local authorities say they are being given no money to run it .
Instead , African migrants walk around the town unchallenged . They live in empty houses and queue every morning on the main street seeking jobs . Police cars drive by without stopping .
“ I came here to look for a job because there is nothing in Niger , ” said a man from northern Niger who gave their name as Mussa . They left behind their wife and three children .
The human traffickers also do n't bother to hide much . “ Which police or army are you talking about ? ” said a smuggler after putting six migrants from Niger on their Toyota pickup .
“ I do n't have a job so I have to make a living , ” said the smuggler , one of the Tuareg nomads who dominate the region . They agreed to be filmed but asked not to be named .
Operating as part of a network , they drive the Nigeriens to Obari , some 250 km away , where a colleague takes them to Sabha , the next town as they head north toward the Mediterranean coast .
They are not worried about bumping into a patrol : “ I have friends in the police and army , ” they said .
“ THE BORDER IS OPEN ”
Not only do smugglers guide migrants north into Libya , they also ship goods such and petrol and wheat south into sub-Saharan Africa or west into Algeria , profiting off the lavish state subsidies that keep such goods cheap in Libya .
Weapons are also shipped south , and Western diplomats worry southern Libya is becoming a haven or transit point for fighters heading in all directions , towards conflict zones in Egypt , Syria , Sudan or Mali .
When asked whether militant fighters were crossing the border , the Tuareg smuggler said : “ Look , the border is open . You can do what you want . Smugglers , drug dealers , al Qaeda , anyone who wants can come . There is no police . ”
Algeria has closed the land border to Libya and tightened controls , but an Algerian official said it was difficult to coordinate with the Libyan side . On the eastern border , Egypt has limited road traffic to Libya .
Libya 's army and police , still in training , are no match for the armed smugglers . An Interior Ministry force to combat illegal migration has around 150 men covering a stretch of border 600 km ( 400 miles ) long , according to officers .
“ I 've thought about resigning because we ca n't do the job properly , ” said a senior officer while walking on a paved road used by Libyan and Algerian forces at the joint border .
“ This is a main trail for illegal migrants , ” they said , pointing to a rocky path littered with shoes and water bottles left behind by border crossers .
Their force , supported by army posts spaced every few dozen km ( miles ) along the border , relies on decade-old Kalashnikovs and has only a few satellite phones to coordinate action . If Europe is worried about the migrants , it should do more to help equip and train the guards , they said .
“ The European Union always talks about training and support for us , but they just talk , talk , talk , ” said the officer , asking not to be identified for fear of reprisals .
Slideshow ( 10 Images )
One army soldier , based in a camp perched between sand dunes , said they had attended a training course in Turkey where they learned how to use a satellite monitoring system - which Libya does n't have . Tripoli has signed a deal with an Italian firm to install such a system but town mayor Abdel-Qadir said nothing has happened so far in the Ghat region .
They said Libya 's government had imported Land Cruisers badly needed to monitor unpaved desert border paths , but officials kept them in Tripoli for their own use .
“ We 've asked for help from the United Nations , international groups in Libya , ” they said . “ But there is no international , not even local support . Nothing has materialised on the ground . ”
EFF Asks Court To Block The DOJ From Prosecuting Researcher For DMCA Violations
from the jumping-ahead-of-the-threat dept
A few more wrinkles have appeared in the EFF 's attempted legal destruction of the DMCA 's anti-circumvention clause . Back in July , the EFF -- along with researchers Bunny Huang and Matthew Green -- sued the government , challenging the constitutionality of Section 1201 of the DMCA . As it stands now , researchers are restricted by the limitations built into the anti-circumvention clause . The Library of Congress can grant exceptions , but these are only temporary , lasting three years and generally vanishing at the end of that term .
Projects and research efforts continue to be thwarted by this provision , opening up those who circumvent DRM and other protective measures to the possibility of prosecution . And their options when facing charges are severely limited . There is no `` fair use '' exception to Section 1201 of the DMCA -- something the EFF would like to see changed .
The threat of prosecution may be mostly existential , but it 's still far from nonexistent . This is why the EFF has requested a preliminary injunction that would prevent the DOJ from trying to put its client in jail .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) asked a court Thursday for an order that would prevent the government from prosecuting its client , security researcher Matthew Green , for publishing a book about making computer systems more secure . [ ... ] But publishing the book , tentatively entitled Practical Cryptographic Engineering , could land Green in jail under an onerous and unconstitutional provision of copyright law . To identify security vulnerabilities in a device they have purchased , Green must work directly with copyrighted computer code , bypassing control measures meant to prevent the code from being accessed .
The injunction request [ PDF ] points out that -- in addition to the anti-circumvention clause being a form a prior restraint -- Green will be performing the sort of actions the DOJ has prosecuted people for in the past .
A rigorous and effective audit of a computer system 's security requires that Dr. Green analyze the software controlling the system . Often , secure computer systems prevent access to their software code through technological protection measures ( “ TPMs ” ) such as encryption , username/password combinations , or physical memory restrictions preventing a user from accessing certain stored information . An adversary seeking to extract information about the software code or about the system 's user , or to install their own malicious software , would seek to bypass these measures in order to maximize their ability to locate and exploit vulnerabilities . To identify security flaws , Dr. Green must do the same ; indeed , finding and reporting on the vulnerability of these access controls is a critical part of auditing the security of the system . If they do not bypass access controls in a computer system , Dr. Green 's research is significantly limited . While they may be able to discover some vulnerabilities , they can not determine with confidence whether devices are secure against an adversary willing to circumvent access controls .
The DOJ has already responded ( sort of ) to some of the claims raised in the EFF 's injunction request . Its motion to dismiss [ PDF ] -- filed the same day as the EFF 's injunction request -- claims the EFF and Matthew Green have no standing to challenge Section 1201 of the DMCA . Not only that , but they can not provide any evidence prosecution is likely if Green continues with their research work .
Plaintiffs ' claims should be dismissed in their entirety . As an initial matter , Plaintiffs lack standing to raise their First Amendment claims on a pre-enforcement basis because the assertions in their Complaint fail to establish a credible threat of prosecution , under the DMCA 's criminal enforcement provision , for engaging in constitutionally-protected activity . None of the Plaintiffs claims to have been threatened with criminal prosecution . Plaintiffs ' conclusory assertion that others have been prosecuted under the DMCA in the past , for unidentified reasons , is insufficient to establish that Plaintiffs face a credible threat , as is their assertion that third parties might bring suit against them under a separate civil private right of action . Moreover , Plaintiffs fail plausibly to assert that the acts of circumvention and trafficking that they wish to undertake qualify as speech or expressive conduct that is entitled to First Amendment protection but prohibited by the DMCA .
The DOJ 's arguments roughly align with the assertions made in its motion to dismiss in a lawsuit brought by security researchers and the ACLU against the much-hated CFAA . Once again , the DOJ recognizes that Green 's book may be covered by the First Amendment , but actions taken during its compilation may not be .
In both cases , though , the statutes lend themselves to punishing security researchers for performing security research . While the DOJ may have no intention of prosecuting Green for their work , the anti-circumvention clause allows it to hold onto that option for as long as it wants to . The only way to guarantee this wo n't happen is to obtain an injunction , but chances are the court wo n't be as interested in staving off the theoretical as it will be in examining the First Amendment claims .
Filed Under : anti-circumvention , copyright , dmca , dmca 1201 , doj , matthew green , research
Companies : eff
UltraSharp 27 U2717D 27 '' 16:9 InfinityEdge IPS Monitor is rated 4.6 out of 5 by 89 .
Rated 1 out of 5 by Rob J. from Updated review ; Still hate it and here 's why you should read Today is February 13 ( purchased Dec 30 , 2016 ) and I still do not have a working monitor from Dell . The replacement monitor ( refurbished ) sent also had problems with the display ports . So , my original intention , of using this monitor with two different computers , is still not working . Dell CS did try the old , is this monitor hooked up to a Dell computer ? ploy , among others to get out of responsibility . I have no doubt that if you get a working model this monitor has a good image . Since I had sworn off Dell about 8 years ago for similar reasons , this purchase is partially my fault . I now have 9 hours in on phone with Dell Customer Service and countless emails .
Rated 5 out of 5 by RicardoG from Low-Cost High Performer Since I took over IT operations for a medium-sized startup , I 've been upgrading their systems . One of the first things I wanted to do is upgrade their really lousy monitors was something much more professional looking and reliable but still be cost conscientious . I 've always liked Dell Ultrasharp monitors and since this was going to be used for data-intenstive and graphic design professionals , I thought this would be a good choice . The graphics created in-house are completely okay with the color gamut offered by this monitor and the text and images are extremely sharp . Crispy . The response to this monitor by everyone receiving them has been overwhelmingly positive . If you are looking for a monitor in the 27 range that offers extremely crispy graphics and very good color reproduction , it 's hard to go wrong with this monitor .
Rated 1 out of 5 by Rob J. from Warning ! ! ! DP problems with this model First , B & H staff great ! B & H Tech support did everything they could but I am returning this monitor . This model ( not just the specific one I ordered ) Dell monitor having problems reading DP port . Purchased extra cables and converter from Dell- could not get any dp port ( even mini dp ) to read signal . Called Dell support , was advised firstly this monitor does not have a DP port ! Spent 2 hours with Dell support person- needed interpreter ; got nowhere . 4 emails , no response . So , limited to hdmi image . Similar complaints on other sites about this monitor . If you still decide to purchase , I hope you get one that works . B & H has plenty of other great monitors .
Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very good monitor but few weak points I purchased 4 of them to mount on the wall for my design office . I love the performance and look of the monitor . It renders my computer renderings beautifully and every visitors compliment on the look of the monitor . This inifity edge is definitely something you see everyday . But because it is bezeless , thin side frame is rather flimsy looking . I have these mounted on the wall and every time I try to move them around , it feels like side frame out pop off . And out of the box , two out of four monitors had wobbly sides . It is not so noticible once monitor is on but it looks pretty bad when it is off . Overall , i highly recommend this monitor .
Rated 5 out of 5 by SonicAlbert from Excellent monitor I purchased two of these for use with my Mac Mini . Setup was easy and the monitors worked well right out of the box . I 'm using them primarily for audio editing and music production , and the extra screen space compared to my old Apple Cinema 20 displays is very welcome . I was concerned that all the extra screen real estate would be too glaring for my eyes , but that has not been the case at all . If anything , I am noticing less eyestrain and no glare at all . The colors are vivid and text is crisp and easy to read . There are less expensive options , but I 'm glad I spent the extra money for these monitors .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Dekun from Excellent Monitor I purchased this monitor to replace my 4 year old Dell U2412M 24 ' monitor . The resolution is perfect for running with no scaling on Windows . Color is great and I can see is a bit more vibrant than the U2412M . The light anti-glare is great and make everything a bit sharper than on the U2412M . I put the monitor in Custom Color mode ( thought sRGB is really the factory calibrated one ) and adjust the green and blue channel slightly to get ride of the slightly green tint . Color pops a bit more this way for everyday use as the monitor 's native gamut is a bit larger than sRGB .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Arnold from Fine screen for photo editing This Monitor was purchased to use with my Surface Pro . While it is used for general purpose viewing my real purpose was to use it in Lightroom for photo editing without spending $ 1,500+ for a high level professional monitor . Its resolution nicely fit with the quality of the graphics card that is built into the Surface . I am please with the purchase ... it is perfect for my photo editing needs plus the adjustability of the stand is a real bonus . I had a quirk when I 1st paired the Monitor with the Surface but a call to the tech at B & H quickly solved the issue .
* *
AMAZON BEAMING is a book by author Petru Popescu , recounting photographer Loren McIntyre ‘ s adventure with the Amazon Cat People of the remote Javari Valley in Brazil . Simon McBurney takes this story , adds a plot about their family life and created THE ENCOUNTER . If this sounds like the theatrical equivalent of the telephone game , you are correct . Everything is a little bigger , a little broader and less detailed in this stagey radio play that amounts to a lot of sound and fury signifying very little indeed . The gimmick is that the audience members each have a headset to wear and listen to technology that approximates 3D sound . It seems fairly ironic to me that a story grounded in relinquishing your technology for a more human , basic existence is performed using the most sophisticated , expensive sound equipment ever devised .
Show Site
Show Info
Here 's a transcript ...
This Is n't the Petition Response You 're Looking For
By Paul Shawcross , Chief of the Science and Space Branch at the White House Office of Management and Budget
The Administration shares your desire for job creation and a strong national defense , but a Death Star is n't on the horizon . Here are a few reasons :
- The construction of the Death Star has been estimated to cost more than $ 850,000,000,000,000,000 . We 're working hard to reduce the deficit , not expand it .
- The Administration does not support blowing up planets .
- Why would we spend countless taxpayer dollars on a Death Star with a fundamental flaw that can be exploited by a one-man starship ?
However , look carefully ( here 's how ) and you 'll notice something already floating in the sky -- that 's no Moon , it 's a Space Station ! Yes , we already have a giant , football field-sized International Space Station in orbit around the Earth that 's helping us learn how humans can live and thrive in space for long durations . The Space Station has six astronauts -- American , Russian , and Canadian -- living in it right now , conducting research , learning how to live and work in space over long periods of time , routinely welcoming visiting spacecraft and repairing onboard garbage mashers , etc . We 've also got two robot science labs -- one wielding a laser -- roving around Mars , looking at whether life ever existed on the Red Planet .
Keep in mind , space is no longer just government-only . Private American companies , through NASA 's Commercial Crew and Cargo Program Office ( C3PO ) , are ferrying cargo -- and soon , crew -- to space for NASA , and are pursuing human missions to the Moon this decade .
Even though the United States does n't have anything that can do the Kessel Run in less than 12 parsecs , we 've got two spacecraft leaving the Solar System and we 're building a probe that will fly to the exterior layers of the Sun . We are discovering hundreds of new planets in other star systems and building a much more powerful successor to the Hubble Space Telescope that will see back to the early days of the universe .
We do n't have a Death Star , but we do have floating robot assistants on the Space Station , a President who knows their way around a light saber and advanced ( marshmallow ) cannon , and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , which is supporting research on building Luke 's arm , floating droids , and quadruped walkers .
We are living in the future ! Enjoy it . Or better yet , help build it by pursuing a career in a science , technology , engineering or math-related field . The President has held the first-ever White House science fairs and Astronomy Night on the South Lawn because they know these domains are critical to our country 's future , and to ensuring the United States continues leading the world in doing big things .
If you do pursue a career in a science , technology , engineering or math-related field , the Force will be with us ! Remember , the Death Star 's power to destroy a planet , or even a whole star system , is insignificant next to the power of the Force .
When I first heard an editor mention my article had a good hed/dek , my first reaction was to offer them a throat lozenge . My second reaction was , what the heck is a hed/deck ? The first couple of months pitching magazines , I made some rookie errors that could have landed me back into the kiddy pool of freelancers . Armed with the e-mail addresses of the editors of some of the biggest magazines out there , I was determined to take off my little ducky swimmies and dive head-first into the deep waters where the big kids played . It became clear to me that I should stop my pitching – and learn all I could about the world of freelance writing – including magazine-land lingo . Surely , an editor will not beat you over the head with their fat September issue for not knowing what a hed/dek is , but it ca n't hurt to know all the terms that might throw you for a loop when pitching .
Meet The Masthead . The masthead is usually found in the first couple of pages in a magazine . If you read the masthead from the latest issue , this will give you the most up-to-date information about whom to address your query or pitch . Even if the writer 's guidelines give you a generic e-mail or snail mail address , I always like to send it to someone specific . If you are doing a piece on including fiber in your diet , “ YOU 'RE FIBER-ED ! Ten Reasons to Get All Fibered-up ! ” , then your best bet is to get the name of the health or nutrition editor . Make sure you double-check the proper spelling of their name .
Executive Editor – Managing Editor – Lifestyle Editor – Health Editor – For my first big-time magazine pitch , I let my fingers do the walking – all the way up to the tippie-top of the masthead of a major women 's glossy , and sent my pitch to the “ Executive Editor ” . Dumb move – kind of like looking for a job in Washington and sending your resume to the President of The United States . ( Okay , maybe a bit of an exaggeration ) . It was my first pitch to a woman 's glossy , and I did n't know to send a pitch to a more appropriate editor on the masthead . But the planets must have been aligned just right , or they were in a really good mood , or maybe even just very kind , because they did n't zap me with the delete button . They graciously forwarded my pitch on to the magazine 's “ Senior Health Editor ” . Sending a pitch to the wrong person screams naivety and downright laziness because you have n't taken the time to find the appropriate editor . If the masthead is all too confusing , a good old fashion phone call to the magazine will do the trick .
Sound like a pro ! So now that you have the name of the correct editor to send your article idea , ( or at least close enough , ) it 's time to ask yourself : what type of article am I proposing ? In your query , go ahead and sound like a pro by labeling your article by the correct term . Most terms are self explanatory , like reviews and Q & A , but other types of articles may not be as obvious .
Service Piece- These are typically “ How To ” articles that , well , do just that . They teach readers how to do something . Typically , your experiences while visiting Disney World would not classify as a service article – unless you are proposing “ How to Ride Every Ride at Disney World in One Day ” .
If you did want to publish your experiences there , call it a Personal Essay ( written in first person ) .
Then there 's the Round-up , which is an article devoted to interviews around a specific theme , like : “ NO FUN ! Eight Families Tell Their Disney World Woes . ”
You can also submit an Op-ed , which is an opinionated article usually appearing opposite the editorial page in a newspaper .
Other Abbrev . 's
When I submitted my first nonfiction query to a children 's magazine , I received this reply : “ Sure ! On spec please ” . I was n't quite sure how to react . Feeling like a dumb-dumb , I actually looked up the term , “ on spec. ” Of course , I found out it was short for : on speculation . That means the editor liked the idea and wanted to see it , but was going to make no promise to publish it – a kind of “ try before you buy ” request . Also , you may read in writer 's guidelines that editors are looking for submissions in FOB , or BOB . These are typically short articles near the front-of-book ( front of the publication ) or back-of-book ( back of the publication ) sections of the magazine .
So what the heck is a hed/dek ? Although this term looks and sounds a bit strange , it 's actually quite simple . The HED is the headline , heading ( the title ! ) , and the DEK ( deck ) is a blurb , or sentence or two that reveals what the article is about . So in the fiber article , YOU 'RE FIBER-ED ! is the hed , and “ Ten Reasons To Get All Fibered Up ! ” is the dek . Ah , no need for a lozenge after all .
Janene Mascarella is a freelance writer living in Brooklyn , NY . They continue to stalk their cell phone , hoping they will soon get a ring from their agent to report “ a very nice ” book deal . Please do n't call her ; they get too excited when their tiny silver phone rings . They can be reached at Janemscrl ( at ) aol.com .
Phonological process where stress is shifted to change a verb to a noun ; such as recórd ( v. ) and récord ( n . )
Initial-stress derivation is a phonological process in English that moves stress to the first syllable of verbs when they are used as nouns or adjectives . ( This is an example of a suprafix . ) This process can be found in the case of several dozen verb-noun and verb-adjective pairs and is gradually becoming more standardized in some English dialects , but it is not present in all . The list of affected words differs from area to area , and often depends on whether a word is used metaphorically or not . At least 170 verb-noun or verb-adjective pairs exist . Some examples are :
record .
as a verb , `` Remember to recórd the show ! '' . as a noun , `` I 'll keep a récord of that request . ''
permit .
as a verb , `` I wo n't permít that . '' as a noun , `` We already have a pérmit . ''
Origins [ edit ]
In English , since the early modern period , [ 1 ] polysyllabic nouns tend to have an unstressed final syllable , while verbs do not . Thus , the stress difference between nouns and verbs applies generally in English , not just to otherwise-identical noun-verb pairs . [ 2 ] The frequency of such pairs in English is a result of the productivity of class conversion .
When `` re- '' is prefixed to a monosyllabic word , and the word gains currency both as a noun and as a verb , it usually fits into this pattern , although , as the following list makes clear , most words fitting this pattern do not match that description .
Many of these have first syllables that evolved from Latin prepositions , although again that does not account for all of them . See also list of Latin words with English derivatives .
When the stress is moved , the pronunciation , especially of vowels , often changes in other ways as well . Most common is the reduction of a vowel sound to a schwa when it becomes unstressed .
List [ edit ]
absent · abstract · accent · access · addict · address · affect · affix · alloy · ally · annex · array · assay · attribute · augment · belay · bombard · combat · combine · commune · compact · complex · composite · compost · compound · compress · concert · conduct · confect · confine ( s ) · conflict · conscript [ 3 ] · conserve · consist · console · consort · construct [ 4 ] [ 5 ] · consult · content · contest [ 6 ] · contract · contrast · converse · convert · convict · costume · cushion · decrease · default · defect · desert · detail · dictate · digest · discard · discharge · discount · discourse · dismount · embed · envelope · escort · essay · excise · exploit · export · extract · ferment · finance · foretaste · foretoken · forward · frequent · gallant · impact · implant · impound · import · impress · imprint · incense · incline · increase · indent · inlay · insert · insult · intercept · interchange · intercross · interdict · interlink · interlock · intern · interplay · interspace · interweave · intrigue · invert · invite · involute · mandate · mentor [ 7 ] · mismatch · misprint · object · offset · overcount · overlap · overlay · overlook · override · overrun · overturn · perfect · perfume · permit · pervert · prefix · present · proceed ( s ) · process · produce · progress · project · protest · purport · rebel · recall · recap · recess · recoil · record · re-count · redirect · redo · redress · refill · refresh · refund · refuse · regress · rehash · reject · relapse · relay · remake · repeat · reprint · research · reserve · reset · retake · retard · retract · retread · rewrite · segment · subject · survey · suspect · torment · transfer · transform · transplant · transect · transport · transpose · traverse · undercount · underlay · underline · underscore · update · upgrade · uplift · upset
Some two-word phrases follow this pattern . Nouns derived from phrasal verbs like the following are written solid or hyphenated : hand out , drop out , hand over , crack down , follow through , come back .
If the derived noun is widely used ( for example `` the backup '' ) , its spelling may cause widespread incorrect spelling of the verb ( * '' to backup '' instead of `` to back up '' ) that can not become a new standard because verbs have endings . So even people who incorrectly write `` you need to * backup these files '' would write `` he backed up these files '' , and the incorrect spelling `` backedup '' is almost never seen .
In some cases the spelling changes when the accent moves to another syllable , as in the following verb/noun pairs which show the addition of a `` magic e '' , which changes the previous vowel from lax to tense :
envelop , envelope
, unite , unit
In British English , annexe is the noun from the verb annex . The verb secrete `` conceal '' probably derives from the noun secret rather than vice versa . [ 8 ]
Pronunciations vary geographically . Some words here may belong on this list according to pronunciations prevailing in some regions , but not according to those in others . [ 9 ] Some speakers , for example , would consider display as one of these words . For some other speakers , however , address carries stress on the final syllable in both the noun and the verb . There is a dialect in the United States referred to informally by linguists as P/U or police/umbrella because many nouns are stressed on the first syllable ; including police , umbrella , and many verb-derived nouns . Some dialects of Scottish English have this in `` police '' . [ 10 ]
Some derived nouns are used only in restricted senses ; often there is a more generic noun not identical in spelling to the verb . For instance , to combine is to put together , whereas a combine may be a farm machine or a railway car ; the generic noun is combination . Perhaps transpose is used as a noun only by mathematicians ; the transpose of a matrix is the result of the process of transposition of the matrix ; the two-syllable noun and the four-syllable noun differ in meaning in that one is the result and the other is the process . Similar remarks apply to transform ; the process is transformation , the result of the process is the transform , as in Laplace transform , Fourier transform , etc .
In the case of the word protest , as a noun it has the stress on the first syllable , but as a verb its meaning depends on stress : with the stress on the second syllable it means to raise a protest ; on the first it means to participate in a protest . This appears to result from the derived noun being verbed .
Entrance is also a noun when stressed on the first syllable and a verb when on the second , but that is not a true example since the words are unrelated homographs . The same thing is true for console – the verb derives from Latin consolare ( to give solace ) , while the noun derives from Latin consolidare ( cf . consolidate )
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
The Ro-Ro passenger ferry Dharma Kencana VIII capsized in Flores Sea at western tip of East Nusa Tenngara Island , Indonesia . The ship left the terminal at Labuan Bajo , but shortly after that capsized to starboard and started sinking . The Master of the ferry Dharma Kencana VIII raised alarm and sent distress signal to the local authorities . At the scene were dispatched rescue boats , which started evacuation of the 200 passengers on board . There are no reports about injuries , but after capsizing a lot of trucks shifted inside the ship and worsened the stability . All the people were transported back to the port and medical examined for injuries .
The salvage operation is under way . The vessel was surrounded by oil booms to prevent any water pollution and oil spill . The ship partially sank resting the bottom with the starboard , but authorities will consider refloating and stabilizing of the ferry . Currently there is no report about oil spill and water pollution .
The local authorities started investigation for the root cause of the capsizing . According to preliminary information , the wrong ballasting caused increased list to starboard , which shifted some trucks and vessels stability worsen .
The Ro-Ro passenger ferry Dharma Kencana VIII ( IMO : 8807428 ) has overall length of 115.00 m , moulded beam of 16.00 m and maximum draft of 4.50 m. The deadweight of the vessel is 1064 DWT and the gross tonnage is 4734 GRT . The ship was built in 1988 by Hayashikane Dockyard in Nagasaki , Japan .
The clashes on December 15th last year were sparked after members of the Swedish Resistance Movement ( Svenska Motståndsrörelsen - SMR ) attacked an anti-fascist rally in Kärrtorp . Scores were injured and dozens arrested amidst violent scenes with neo-Nazis chanting 'Sieg Heil ' and launching fireworks at the protesters .
Eventually the right-wing activists were forced to retreat and flee the scene as the police battled to control the situation .
`` I still get shivers thinking that us ordinary people were able to force the hardline Nazis back . With the help of the chants we were able to push them into the woods , '' Ammar Khorshed , of the Line 17 against racism group , told the TT news agency .
The manifestation in Kärrtorp a year ago was held in reaction to Nazi grafitti being daubed in the area . A large crowd of protesters gathered in the main square before a group of men clads in black stormed the square and all hell broke loose .
In the ensuing mayhem the estimated 50 neo-Nazis engaged in violent clashes with the protesters . Police arrested dozens of people at the scene and to date more than 30 people , most from the neo-Nazi group , have been prosecuted .
On the anniversary of the incident the evidence presented to the prosecution suggests it was an unprovoked attack . Among the material being sifted through by the prosecutors is video footage of the day 's events captured by neo-Nazis as well as protesters .
`` There 's been a lot of interest . Particularly at the beginning the phone was ringing all the time . I have also received emails and questions from the public that I had not experienced before , '' prosecutor Tove Kullberg told TT .
IN PICTURES : Swedish police herd neo-Nazis away from anti-racism demonstrators in Kärrtorp on December 15th , 2013
Several high ranking members of Swedish Resistance Movement have already been given prison sentences in connection with the events .
Despite this the Expo Foundation , which studies the activities of right-wing movements , has claimed that the Swedish Resistance Movement remains highly active . In 2014 they stated that group has organized over 300 activities ranging from distributing leaflets to organizing pro-Nazi manifestations .
`` It has not decreased at all . It also a point of wanting to show strength . They want to show that the movement is still active , it 's important for propaganda , '' Anna-Sofia Quensel of Expo told TT .
The vast majority of protesters last year chanted 'no racists on our streets ' and their actions were interpreted as self-defence by prosecutors investigating the case .
One man from the radical left Revolutionary front went too far and stabbed one of the neo-Nazis and was subsequently sentenced to six and half years in jail for the attack .
Ammar Khorshed of the anti-racist movement Line 17 said the Kärrtorp rally was a game changer .
`` That was really the turning point . After Kärrtorp , anti-racism became a social movement , '' they said .
An anti-Nazi manifestation will be held this weekend in Kärrtorp with organizers hoping it passes more peacefully than last time .
TT/The Local/pr
Lord Of The Rings prequel made by a fanatic using their £25,000 life savings scores 500,000 views on the internet
They did n't have Peter Jackson 's £200million budget , eight years of filming time or the spectacular scenery of New Zealand to work with .
But Kate Madison could match their boundless passion - and with it managed to make their own Lord Of The Rings film .
The amateur actor was so inspired by the blockbuster Rings trilogy created by Jackson they wrote , directed and produced a prequel based on material from the original JRR Tolkien books .
Scroll down to see the film ...
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Them hour-long movie Born Of Hope , made on a budget of just £25,000 , is already a success , with more than 500,000 people viewing it for free on the internet .
Miss Madison , 31 , from Cambridge , said that watching the trilogy had blown them mind .
'The battle scenes and the array of incredible characters really inspired me and I was desperate to have a go at making an epic myself , ' they said .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
They put their £8,000 life savings into the project , worked as an office temp to gain extra cash and raised a further £17,000 by posting a trailer on YouTube appealing for donations .
They convinced more than 400 cast and crew to give their time for free , and played the part of Elgarain the forest ranger herself .
And over a year , starting in mid-2008 , they filmed Born Of Hope in locations around England .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Miss Madison said : 'There were times when it was cold and wet and we were up to our eyes in mud standing in the middle of a forest wondering if we could make this a success .
'But now it 's all done it 's an amazing feeling . '
Them story was based on two paragraphs Tolkien included in the appendix to their books , which mentioned the adventures of Arathorn and Gilraen , the parents of Aragorn , who was played in the Jackson films by Viggo Mortensen .
[ caption ]
It was shot in Epping Forest , Essex , and West Stow , Suffolk , after seeking permission from local authorities .
Christopher Dane , who plays Arathorn in the film alongside Beth Aynsley as their wife Gilraen , said the experience had been 'exhilarating ' .
The 45-year-old actor from Muswell Hill , north London , added : 'It was brilliant fun and we have produced an entire film for less than Peter Jackson spent on breakfast for their cast while they were filming the original in New Zealand . '
Jackson 's first Lord Of The Rings film , The Fellowship Of The Ring , was released in 2001 , followed by The Two Towers in 2002 and The Return Of The King in 2003 .
They became among the most successful films of all time , grossing almost $ 3billion between them .
Jackson is now collaborating with Mexican director Guillermo del Toro on a two-part adaptation of Tolkien 's The Hobbit , due for release in 2011 and 2012 .
Mitt Romney has even more positions on abortion than you think Romney has reversed their old pro-choice positions , but now they ca n't decide how far to take their newfound extremism
“ I 'm not sure who that young guy was at the beginning of that film , but I can tell you this , which is , I do n't know how many times I can tell it . I was wrong . All right . I was effectively pro-choice when I ran for office. ” That was Mitt Romney in a 2007 CNN debate that recently resurfaced in a new Obama campaign attack ad released this weekend .
When it comes to abortion rights , much has been made of the dissonance between the old Mitt Romney and the new Mitt Romney – the `` young guy '' that Romney was referring to was the one who ran for office in Massachusetts . Yet , as shown by the portion of the debate that the Obama campaign used and the rhetoric of the Mitt Romney running for office today , it 's even more complicated than that . Mitt Romney , in fact , has taken multiple and internally conflicting positions on abortion rights within the past four years – both in this campaign cycle and the 2008 one .
Advertisement :
The 30-second Obama ad titled “ Troubled ” has a female narrator saying , “ Every woman who believes decisions about our bodies and our health care should be our own is troubled Mitt Romney supports overturning Roe v. Wade . Romney backed a law that outlaws all abortions , even in cases of rape and incest . ”
In its headline , Fox News reports that the Romney campaign says the ad is false , pointing to , by way of evidence , the National Review op-ed Romney published last year entitled “ My Pro-Life Pledge. ” In the op-ed , Romney explains why they would n't sign the Susan B. Anthony pledge , in part because it failed to include exceptions for rape , incest or to save the life of the mother .
But Romney has hardly stuck to that principle . Let 's look at the portion of the 2007 debate that the Obama campaign refers to in its ad . The question was , “ If , hypothetically , Roe v. Wade was overturned , and the Congress passed a federal ban on all abortions , and it came to your desk , would you sign it ? ” Giuliani said they would n't sign it because they would leave it up to the states .
Romney , of course , was n't nearly so straightforward . First , they repeated their opposition to Roe , and then they said , “ I would welcome a circumstance where there was such a consensus in this country that we said , we do n't want to have abortion in this country at all , period . That would be wonderful . I 'd be delighted . ”
Pressed by Anderson Cooper to actually answer the question , Romney said , “ Let me say it . I 'd be delighted to sign that bill . But that 's not where we are . That 's not where America is today . Where America is is ready to overturn Roe v. Wade and return to the states that authority . But if the Congress got there , we had that kind of consensus in that country , terrific . ”
But Romney also told Mike Huckabee that they would support a constitutional amendment saying life begins at conception , which pro-choicers took to mean they were endorsing Huckabee 's pet Personhood cause , but which the Personhood people themselves were wary of taking as a full endorsement .
Advertisement :
In other words , he 's for states ' rights with regards to abortion , unless they are n't . He 's for rape , incest and health exceptions , unless he 's not . ( Such exceptions make no sense on their own terms – is it not murder if the woman did n't choose to have sex ? – but also happen to be a rough approximation of squishy American public opinion on abortion , loosely supporting certain restrictions while also opposing an outright ban . )
Though focusing on rape , incest and health exceptions is n't particularly pro-choice either ( it 's none of our business why a woman wants an abortion ) , these are not academic questions . Several U.S. states have passed bans on abortions after 20 weeks with no exceptions , in blatant violation of the Roe standard , and certain House Republicans have tried to get the same passed in the District of Columbia . They 're spoiling for a Supreme Court fight – one that will likely be decided by justices appointed by the next president .
By the way , there was another question in that 2007 CNN/YouTube debate that Mitt Romney , probably to their great relief , did n't have to answer . ( Ron Paul and Fred Thompson were saddled with it instead . ) “ In the event that abortion becomes illegal and a woman obtains an abortion anyway , what should they be charged with , and what should their punishment be ? What about the doctor who performs the abortion ? ” Maybe it can be asked in the general election debates . We 'll see which Mitt Romney answers then .
BANKEX Among The Leading 20 Token Sales Globally
BANKEX Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 21 , 2017
BANKEX is now ranked among the leading 20 Token Sales globally , raising 60.000 ETH in just three weeks . The period of token sale will soon be over .
FinTech company BANKEX , developing the unique Proof-of-Asset Protocol for real world asset tokenization , has been assessed by ICO analytics group TokenData as among the top five active Token Sales and among the top twenty Token Sales ' of all time by funds attracted . 70 % out of the available first stage BKX tokens , 56 million out of 80 million , have already been sold .
As BANKEX second stage tokens will only be sold to institutional clients , private investors are urged to take this final opportunity to join the running Token Sale and earn a bonus for their purchases .
Today , more than 4000 supporters have already joined the BANKEX token sale : bankex.com/account/signup
“ We 're directing our attention about how to best allocate funds to developing products and services in ways that best serve the markets we are penetrating , ” says the company 's Managing Director Konstantin Kurbatov . “ We 've got to use this momentum to maintain the level of excellence into our next steps . ”
ICO analytics group TokenData.io
To drive further development , the company has created the BANKEX Foundation tasked with advancing the cause of new tech and making it accessible to everyone through developing global partnerships and supporting leaders in areas of finance , banking , Internet of Things , blockchain , manufacturing and related technologies .. The Foundation will be responsible primarily for 3 critical areas . First and foremost , work will continue on the development of the organization 's technical core . Second , the entity will conduct R & D for products and services . Lastly , it will create an educational program dedicated to blockchain technology . BANKEX token holders , developers , asset owners and other stakeholders are welcome aboard the BANKEX Foundation now .
BANKEX has partnered with a number of reputable corporations such as Microsoft Azure , ConsenSys formation Balanc3 , Dostavista and the Symphony Foundation . Hollywood , California based MovieCoin has become the client and is intent on using the PoA protocol to launch a new financing structure for film production . MovieCoin will the first class of Smart Assets issued on the BANKEX platform .
About BANKEX
Using landmark open source FinTech solutions , decentralized Bank-as-a-Service enterprise BANKEX aims to bridge the gap between the emerging blockchain sector and traditional finance . Deploying smart contracts and enabling tokenization , the platform powers off-balance sheet crowdfunding , chain finance and leverages external infrastructure , creating efficient and time effective solutions . Innovative BANKEX solutions have far-reaching consequences in the areas of their application and are poised to have transformative effects on the global finance and investment , as well as in micro-financing , real estate , the sphere of illiquid assets , natural resources , and futures markets .
Episode 12/29 Best Of 2017 : Naomi Klein : No Is Not Enough : Resisting Trump 's Shock Politics and Winning the World We Need
From August 2017 :
Best selling author Naomi Klein , author of , No Is Not Enough : Resisting Trump 's Shock Politics and Winning the World We Need , explains the history of modern branding . The formation of the Trump brand . The liberals who helped create the CEO myth of leadership . Why Trump ca n't be worked with . Why labor unions should fight Trump on all fronts . Why the climate crisis needs to remain central to our politics . What to learn from Jeremy Corbyn . Why the Left needs to synchronize race , class and gender and what comes next in Left politics .
Also , a few conversations on Seb Gorka and Sam has a Gianforte-style meltdown .
That the Obama administration has forfeited the trust of Israelis is not news . After seven years of picking fights with their government over consensus issues like Jerusalem , the 1967 borders and then embracing détente with Iran , the growing divide between the two allies is not in dispute . Having come into office seeking to create greater daylight between the U.S. and Israel , President Obama has gone further toward achieving that dubious goal than even many of their critics might have thought possible in January 2009 . But with the Iran deal now a fait accompli and the Palestinian Authority having squandered all of the advantages Obama tried to give them by attacking the Netanyahu government one might think that relations have sunk about as low as they can go . Since , thanks to Palestinian intransigence , even the administration seems to concede that the peace Obama once thought they would achieve is not possible , what possible purpose would more American attacks on Israel serve ?
There 's no ready answer to that question , but the latest contretemps between the administration and the Jewish state highlights a problem that goes deeper than the personal dislike between Obama and Prime Minister Netanyahu or even the president 's disappointment at being denied the opportunity to cut the Gordian Knot of Middle East peace . Far from being just a harmless spat , the latest irritant in the fractious relationship between Israel and the United States is actually an example of how Western governments do n't merely bungle the peace process but blunder into statements that actively create incentives for Palestinian attacks on Israelis .
The problem stems from a speech given Monday by Dan Shapiro , the U.S. ambassador to Israel . By blasting Israel 's government for employing “ double standards ” in justice in the West Bank , Shapiro was wading into dangerous territory . Asserting that Israel does n't punish attacks on Arabs the way they do those against Jews , Shapiro was not only making an argument that does n't stand up to scrutiny . They were also promoting an invidious moral equivalence between the two sides in the conflict that ultimately serves to encourage Palestinians to think they are justified in carrying out random attacks on any Jew within reach .
Part of the reason for the hostile reaction to Shapiro 's speech was bad timing . Though the meme that Israel lets Jewish settlers in the West Bank get away with murder is a popular one on the left , it is a lot harder to make that argument in the wake of the draconian methods employed by Netanyahu 's government to track down the murderers in an arson attack on an Arab village last summer . Though the assailants were part of an isolated fringe group whose sympathizers many only number a few hundred and active participants are far fewer than that , Israeli security services not only arrested them but treated them with the same tough measures employed against Arab terror suspects . That included being held without charges or access to lawyers . Some of those caught up in the investigation even claimed they were tortured and saw no irony in complaining about practices that they applaud when used against Palestinian suspects .
Shapiro 's speech was also ill-timed because they gave it on the same day Dafna Meir , a 40-year-old Jewish mother of six , was buried . They were stabbed to death while defending their children from a Palestinian terrorist that burst into their home in a settlement near Hebron . But , of course , Meir is just the latest victim in a murder campaign being carried out by Palestinians in what is being called the “ stabbing intifada. ” Though Shapiro duly condemned the murder of Meir , the problem is that they seemed to be treating allegations of minor violence by settlers as being essentially the same thing as the daily attempts to slaughter Jews that has been happening for months .
The point is , even if we accept that there are occasions when a tiny minority of settlers misbehave , the notion that such incidents are somehow similar to the murderous terrorism of the Palestinians does n't stand up to scrutiny . And while nothing excuses extralegal violence , the fact that the settlements have been besieged by such attacks puts the anger of some of their inhabitants in perspective .
Moreover , as Shapiro knows , though all of Israeli society — from right to left — has condemned the few instances of Jewish terrorism , the Palestinian Authority that the Obama administration continues to laud as a force for peace has done the opposite . The PA official media treat murderers of Jews , whether in settlements like Otniel where Meir was killed or in Tel Aviv cafes as was the case with a New Year 's day shooting that took three lives , as heroes . PA leader Mahmoud Abbas has praised those Palestinians that have attacked Jews as martyrs and condemned Israelis for defending themselves against them .
If Shapiro and their boss in Washington were serious about advancing the cause of peace , the U.S. would be concentrating its rhetorical fire now on a Palestinian political culture and leadership that does n't merely repeatedly say “ no ” to peace offers but praises terrorism . But instead of that sensible course , the administration is stuck in that same 2009 mindset whereby Obama imagined that by distancing themselves from Israel , they might earn the trust of the Arab and Muslim worlds . While that effort was risible from the outset , there is no longer any excuse for continued efforts to downgrade the alliance between the two nations . More importantly , it is long past the point when the U.S. should stop treating terror against Jews , even if some are settlers , as understandable if not praiseworthy . That 's the message Shapiro is sending to Palestinians when they wrongly characterize the situation as one in which both Jews and Arabs are equally to blame .
The price of that folly is , as it has been from the outset , been paid in the blood of victims of terror at the hands of Palestinians that think they are acting on behalf of the just cause of ridding the country of its Jewish population . Unwarranted criticisms such as those of Shapiro do n't merely fall on deaf ears inside Israel . They undermine any rationale for moderation on the part of the Palestinians and tell the world that the U.S. no longer stands by its allies . That the administration persists in such folly after seven years speaks volumes about the damaging role it has played in making the Middle East a more dangerous place .
Police in Ragusa have charged a group of 15 volunteer firefighters with defrauding the state . Members of the group allegedly started fires so that they could then put them out and receive the €10 per hour reward paid to volunteer members of the fire department .
The volunteer firefighters from Santa Croce Camerina , a suburb of Ragusa – southeast Sicily – would regularly call the 115 emergency hotline to report fake fires - until the volunteer unit was denounced by the local official fire department .
According to Italian media reports , the leader of the gang drove around starting fires in their van , before tracing their own steps in a fire engine to extinguish the fires he 'd started . Repubblica named the head of the gang as Davide di Vita , 42 . Di Vita has been arrested while the other 14 accomplices have all been charged .
The head of the gang has been placed under house arrest . Authorities had intercepted communications in which the fake firefighters confessed `` they know we started the fires . ''
The 15 men , all residents of the Ragusa region – most employed in other work – are accused of starting fires in the area between 2013 and 2015 , according to Il Sole 24 Ore .
The firefighters even asked family and friends to report fake fires . Using GPS , the volunteers would then ensure they were the closest unit to the fire so that they could respond first and collect the rewards for putting out the flames . The official fire department reported the unit after it noticed a disproportionate rate of fires in the region .
Meanwhile , 47 fires erupted in woodlands across Sicily on August 6th . Most were concentrated in the dry , central region between Enna and Palermo . In the town of Canicatti , near Agrigento , flames reached the centre of town – according to Repubblica . Toxic materials are still burning , despite the ongoing efforts of nearby fire departments , according to the same daily .
READ MORE : Bush fires stretching capacity of fire department
We have outlined the most important areas for your off-court training so that you can take your on-court game to the next level .
We are not suggesting that you need to become as obsessed as a top tennis player , but you can certainly learn from them . Whether your goal is to earn a college tennis scholarship , move up a USTA Division , or simply improve your game to be more competitive in your weekly doubles game , your off-court training is much more important than you think .
The best tennis players in the world live a very balanced , healthy life . Everything they do works in harmony to give them the best possible chance to succeed on the court . Every choice they make is centered around their game . What they eat , how much they sleep , how/when they work out , and so much more .
It takes dedication to improve your tennis game . It takes lots of practice and instruction from coaches who know what they are talking about . But it takes more than hitting thousands of tennis balls to really take your game to the next level . There is a lot of literature out there on improving your tennis game , but not much on what it takes off the court . This can be just as important as the work you put in on the court .
Breakfast : Muesli or Oats with bananas and milk . Training : Eating 30-60g of carbs per hour , plus drinking one bottle of water or electrolyte drink per hour . Post-training : Carb-filled meal with some protein , such as brown rice with tuna , or a whole-grain sandwich with lean meat and lettuce , tomato , etc . Snacks : Fresh fruit , fresh vegetable juice , nuts . Dinner : Lean red meat , chicken , or fish , with lots of vegetables or salad , and some brown rice or quinoa .
It 's undeniable that your tennis training is the most important part of improving your game . However , how your fuel your body to perform at its highest potential on-court is hugely important as well . As the saying goes , “ You would n't put regular gasoline in your Ferrari . Why would you fuel your body with less than the best foods ? ”
Strength is good , but you also need speed , coordination , and reaction time to truly advance as a tennis player . No matter how many tennis lessons you take , if you are n't working on your agility on your off days you are going to find it difficult to improve . The following is a set of core agility movements all tennis players should learn to love !
Tennis is an excellent form of exercise because you barely notice you are working your butt off while playing since it 's so much fun . However , you should really try to work in weight training to your weekly fitness routine as well , on the days when you ca n't get in a tennis lesson or match . Why ? When you only exercise in one way ( playing tennis ) you only work a specific muscle group . But to really advance , you need to build all the muscles in your body together . That 's why twice a week hit the gym and do all or part of the following regime :
Most people do n't realize there is a difference between static and dynamic stretches . Static stretches are ones where you are standing still and lengthening your muscles , whereas dynamic stretches stretch your body as you move it . Dynamic stretches are especially important for sports like tennis , where you are moving and jumping and experiencing a high impact on many of your major muscle groups . To get your muscles truly warmed up for tennis , you need to practice dynamic stretches before you play .
You know flexibility is important for all athletes , and tennis is no exception ! You 'll improve at a faster rate and you 'll decrease your risk of injury if you are doing regular stretching before and after playing tennis or taking a tennis lesson .
Tennis training goes far beyond what happens on the court . If you 're serious about tennis training you 'll need to focus on other areas of fitness besides your footwork and swing to make sure you are preparing your body to advance in every way possible . Here is what it takes to stay fit as a tennis player :
Tennis Gear : What Gear Do I need For Tennis
Everybody likes having new gear for whatever they are doing . Whether hiking , skiing , playing basketball or tennis , new gear is the best ! It feels great , and admit it or not , you like showing off new gear . However , tennis is one of the sports where gear is about so much more than being cool . Having the correct tennis racket for your game can mean the difference between playing well and injuring yourself . The same goes with tennis shoes .
As far as apparel and accessories go : they are kind of about being cool , and that 's just fine ! If you 're gon na play , you might as well look good doing it !
Tennis Rackets : Which Tennis Racket Should I Use
“ What kind of tennis racket should I buy ? ” is the age-old question that every tennis pro has been asked thousands of times . The answer is complex , because picking the right racket for you is complex . Tennis rackets all come in essentially the same shapes , but the differences really stop there . There are many technical differences between rackets , so the best bet is to work with a certified tennis teaching professional to make sure you get the best racket for you . With that said , there are three different categories of tennis rackets . Generally speaking , knowing your own abilities you should be able to put yourself into one of these categories and be able to find a racket that is likely to fit your game , if not perfectly , certainly safely and in a way that will make the game more enjoyable .
Game Improvement or Power Rackets
Who It 's For : Power or game improvement rackets are designed for players with shorter , slower swings who want more power from their racket .
Features : Power rackets are the largest rackets on the market , usually classified as oversize or superoversize . The frames are very light , and are designated as “ head-heavy. ” That means that if you were to balance the racket on your finger in the throat , the head of the racket would point straight towards the ground . Having the weight in the head of the racket makes it easier to swing . The light overall weight , coupled with the weight being in the oversized head makes for an enormous sweet spot that is powerful and very forgiving .
Tweener Rackets
Who It 's For : Tweener rackets are models that have a blend of features from game improvement and players rackets . These are designed for the intermediate/advanced player looking for a blend of power and control . These rackets offer low/medium or medium/high power and are primarily designed for intermediate-advanced players looking for more maneuverability with forgiveness .
Features : These rackets are a more “ standard ” size and shape . The head size is typically around 100 square inches , and the length is average-extended , in the 27.5-28 inch range . These rackets are still on the lighter side , between 9-11 ounces , making them quick and powerful , but possessing more control than the game-improvement rackets .
Control or Player 's Rackets
Who It 's For : Player 's rackets are designed for advanced players with long , fast swings who need to control out of their racket instead of power . These tennis rackets are unforgiving , and on the heavy side . Designed for advanced-competitive tournament players , these rackets provide fantastic control and “ feel ” for players who generate their own power and consistently hit the ball in the middle of the strings regardless of the shot or situation .
Features : Player 's rackets are small and heavy . The head size is typically between 85-98 square inches and they are typically a minimum weight of 11.5 ounces , sometimes weighing over 13 ounces . The frames are thinner and they are always balanced head-light , meaning the weight of the racket is in the handle . There 's a reason these rackets are used by professionals , college players and high-level club players : you need to be very fit and strong to use them !
Selecting the correct tennis racket can make all the difference in the world . You want your tennis equipment to work for you , so take your time during the process of picking your new racket . If possible , work with a certified tennis coach to select the right racket for you . If you ca n't work with a coach , be sure to demo as many rackets as possible to really select the right racket for your game , and your body .
Tennis Footwear : What Tennis Shoes Do I Need For Tennis
“ Tennis shoes ” is a term used all over America for a generic sneaker . Be sure not to confuse “ tennis shoes ” with proper tennis shoes . Just like a football cleat is critical for a football player , a great pair of specific tennis shoes are imperative for any tennis player .
Features
Sturdy/stable : Tennis is characterized by stops and starts and quick changes of direction . For this reason tennis shoes are very stable , with serious cushioning , especially in the heels , to withstand the intense smacking of feet on the court .
Flat : Other athletic shoes have a curve from heel-toe for straight line speed , but this is n't necessary ( or safe ) for tennis shoes . Tennis shoes are flat for lateral agility and grip .
Non-Marking : Unlike running shoes that have knobby tread and black soles , tennis shoes are designed to not leave marks on the court . Ever seen black streaks all over a hard court ? Chances are someone played in running shoes . The quick change of direction in running shoes is not only unsafe , but it 's also bad for the court . Tennis shoes will never mark up the court .
Playing Styles/Court Surfaces : Do you play a baseline game or an aggressive serve and volley game ? Do you play primarily on hard courts or on clay or grass ? If you play a lot of tennis , or on one particular surface , you will want to buy a pair of shoes specifically suited to that .
Hard Courts : - Hard courts are the most physically punishing both on your body and shoes . Hard court specific shoes have more shock absorption material and are the heaviest-duty shoes on the market . They tend to have reinforced toe-boxes to prevent the hard gritty surface from ripping holes in the shoes . The tread is always non-marking and perfectly flat .
Clay/Grass Court shoes : These shoes have a very different makeup than hard court shoes . Since the surfaces are much softer/more forgiving on the body , the shoes are lighter and designed not to damage the court . They have more tread than a hard court shoe . Grass court shoes are designed to be as grippy as possibly on damp grass . Clay court shoes are designed to have great traction while still allowing sliding , and not getting clay stuck in between the treads .
All Court Shoes : All court shoes are designed to be a blend of every type of tennis shoe , and it 's the shoe that 90 % of players should be wearing . These shoes wo n't mark up hard courts while still providing traction on the softer surfaces . These shoes are durable and typically come with at least a 6-month outsole guarantee .
Tennis Apparel : What Should I Wear To Play Tennis
Once you have purchased the perfect tennis racket and shoes for your body and game , you are ready to hit the courts . At most tennis facilities , there is no dress code , so you can wear your favorite old pair of shorts from college and a ratty tee shirt if you want to . But do n't you want to look good ? Through history tennis was regarded as a stuffy sport . Players wore long pants initially , or dresses for women . It evolved into shorts and skirts , but always all-white . Now tennis apparel has become an expression of any players ' individual style .
Andre Agassi turned tennis style on its head , and now is an enormous industry . Lead by Nike with lines for their top athletes Roger Federer , Rafa Nadal , Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova , tennis apparel is now bright , comfortable , and exceedingly expensive .
Tech fabrics now breathe better and dry faster than ever before , so if you are clinging to your old cotton workout shirts , it just may be time to upgrade . It will keep you cooler , and just may make you play a little better , too !
Croatia 's Minister of Tourism Gari Cappelli has presented the tourist results for August and the first 8 months of the year .
The results revealed that it has been a record year for tourism in Croatia across all major segments .
In the first 8 months of 2017 , a record 15 million tourists have visited Croatia , which is 14 % more than the same time last year . Overnight stays were up 13 % to a record 85 million in the first 8 months .
In August alone there were 4.4 million arrivals , up 6 % from last year in August , whilst overnight stays hit 32 million , up also 6 % .
The Germans were still the No.1 tourists for numbers , with 16 % more than the same period last year . There were 27 % more tourists from the UK in the first 8 months compared to 2016 and 24 % from Poland .
Local tourists were up 9 % from last year with Rovinj in Istria the most popular destination so far this year .
Income generated from tourism is expected to exceed 10 billion euros in 2017 . Last year 16.3 million tourists visited Croatia , a record which will be easily broken this year when the final figures are released in January 2018 .
Image caption Google is under investigation by the European Commission
A researcher who has accused Google of bias says the internet giant is now waging a campaign to discredit him .
Ben Edelman , an associate professor at Harvard Business School , published a study this week claiming Google boosts its own products in search results .
The Californian company responded by suggesting they were actually working on behalf of its rival , Microsoft .
But Mr Edelman told the BBC that Google was launching `` personal attacks '' to distract people from its own behaviour .
`` I do n't mind personal attacks , to be honest , because I think it shows they ca n't argue against the research , '' said the associate professor .
`` That 's what they 've done to most of my recent research . ''
Their study , `` Measuring Bias in Organic Web Search '' , was conducted in August last year alongside Harvard colleague Benjamin Lockwood and published on Wednesday .
It found that Google gave undue prominence to its own sites across a number of popular search terms , such as e-mail , video and chat .
Under a search for `` e-mail '' , for example , the study found that Google 's top result is its own Gmail service - despite the fact that almost twice as many people searching the site subsequently clicked on the second result , Yahoo Mail .
The company responded angrily to the study , issuing a statement that accused them and their methodology of deliberate bias .
`` The report is highly biased , ignoring contrary examples like `` search engine '' , `` book flights '' or `` directions '' , and failing to account for other reasons why certain sites rank highly , '' it said in a statement .
It was also unimpressed by the author 's credentials .
`` Mr Edelman is a longtime paid consultant for Microsoft , so it 's no surprise that they would construct a highly biased test that their sponsor would pass and that Google would fail , '' it said .
`` Google never artificially favours our own services in our organic web search results , and we perform extensive user testing to ensure that search results are ranked in a way that provides users with the most useful answer , '' it added .
Antitrust investigations
The issue strikes at the heart of Google 's multibillion dollar search business , which it has always said is based on a neutral , automated system that merely reflects how popular a site is online .
That claim is already being questioned by regulators in Europe and America , following complaints from some services who feel they have been deliberately excluded .
In November , the European Commission announced that it was launching an investigation into whether the company was abusing its dominance .
Earlier last year , meanwhile , the attorney general of Texas said they were looking at claims that Google manipulates results to boost its own products and therefore make more profit .
Mr Edelman said their work was a thorn in Google 's side because it backed up those criticisms .
`` I can see why it would hit home for them - they 're under antitrust scrutiny on at least two continents , '' said Mr Edelman . `` Their approach of asking people to trust them seems to be wearing thin . ''
`` I can see why it would hit home for them - they 're under antitrust scrutiny on at least two continents . Ben Edelman , Associate professor , Harvard Business School
Mr Edelman told the BBC that the study could have been improved with more information and time .
They said its data could have been more recent and the search terms could have been independently chosen . But , they added , the numbers were sound and that they stood by their conclusion .
Not everyone agrees with Mr Edelman 's analysis , however .
Danny Sullivan , the editor of the Search Engine Land website , has defended some of Google 's practices in the past . They said the Harvard study did outline some `` odd '' behaviour but said the figures could also be used to show that Google was less biased than might be expected .
`` Statistics can easily be turned to whatever you want them to be , '' they wrote . `` I feel like Edelman is turning their study into the most negative view possible . ''
Responding to Google 's claims of bias , Mr Edelman said that they had been a paid consultant for Microsoft in the past , a fact openly disclosed on their website .
However , they added , the research - which also looked at Microsoft 's Bing service and found it was less skewed than Google - was not deliberately designed to produce such a result .
They added that they had also given free advice to Google in the past as well as other companies , including the BBC .
They also said that the company supported them when they criticised the behaviour and bad practices of Yahoo , which was Google 's main rival at the time .
`` When Google did n't have as much market power as they do now , they consulted with me on some projects , '' they said . `` How quickly Google forgets . ''
Kids who grew up on Cartoon Network in the 1990s will have to remember this series . Whether you ever watched it or not , Dexter 's Laboratory was an extremely popular cartoon that ran a total of 4 seasons . Lots of inside jokes and a lot of really funny character personalities for the boy-genius Dexter , their sister Dee Dee , and their parents + various friends .
I 've gone through DeviantArt putting together some of the most impressive pieces of artwork created by fans of the show . These pieces mostly feature Dexter , but they also incorporate alternative characters such as Mandark . These are some truly beautiful images and I hope this gallery can provoke fond memories of a creative and whimsical cartoon .
Cutesy Dexter
Blossom and Dexter
Mixin ' Chemicals
Digital Coloring
Dexter 's Girls
Playing Penumbra
Uppercut
Painting
Rainy Day
Study Date
Xmas Love
Puppet Pals Mitch & Clem
Dial M for Monkey
Quackor the Fowl
Laboratory Rivals
A Chooba Chabba Cheeba
Dexter with Action Hank
The Justice Friends
Valhallen God of Rock
Justice Friends , Assemble !
Suited Up
Muffin Time !
You like ponies , do n't you Dexter ?
Dexter 's Lab Poster
Dexter 's Mom
White Swan Black Swan
Heroes + Villains
Trick or Treat
The Best Gift of All
School Dance Comic
Magazine Cover
Chemistry
Maniacal Dexter
And Koosy Makes Three
In Dexter 's Lab
featured image source
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The women were rescued from an apartment in the Gurgaon suburb of Delhi last week
A Saudi diplomat accused of raping two Nepali women hired to work as domestic help has left India under diplomatic immunity , the foreign ministry says .
The women , aged 30 and 50 , said they were starved and sexually abused by them and other Saudi nationals .
Saudi Arabia denies all the charges and refused to revoke diplomatic immunity for the official , making it impossible for them to be tried in India .
Analysts say their departure resolves a diplomatic dilemma for India .
Nepal and India have close diplomatic relations , but India is also eager to avoid tensions with oil-rich Saudi Arabia where millions of Indians live and work .
'Abused every day '
On Wednesday night , foreign ministry spokesperson Vikas Swarup issued a statement saying First Secretary Majed Hassan Ashoor `` who is allegedly accused of abusing two Nepali maids has left India '' . They added that the official was protected under the Vienna convention on diplomatic relations .
Police in India had earlier registered a case of rape , sodomy and illegal confinement against the official , without naming him .
The women were rescued from an apartment in the Gurgaon suburb of Delhi last week after a tip-off from an NGO . They are alleged to have been abused over a period of several months .
`` We thought we would die there , '' one of the women told the AFP news agency , adding that they were abused every day .
They said the apartment was in a high-rise and there was no way they could run away .
The two women returned to Nepal last week .
Thousands of men and women from Nepal , one of the world 's poorest countries , travel to India and other Asian and Arab states every year to seek work as domestic helpers and labourers .
The Saudi embassy refused to let the diplomat be questioned and Saudi media complained about `` police intrusion '' in their property .
Over at The Urban Edge blog , Andrew Keatts reports that some bike advocates are worried their community is n't representing the largest sub-population of cyclists : the poor . Even the term used by advocates to describe this group— “ invisible cyclists ” —is problematic in that it marginalizes the marginalized . To the detriment of disadvantaged riders , many urban bike movements have aligned with a city 's elite :
“ A number of people are wondering how we can do more comprehensive bike advocacy that includes people who ca n't afford to get involved , ” said Adonia Lugo , an anthropologist who left their job at the League of American Cyclists earlier this year because of a disconnect they perceived between bike advocates and those who ride bicycles regularly . “ They 're on bikes , so they should be involved. ” “ The big issue with why this matters is , there 's this cultural gap between bike advocates and others who bike , ” they continued . “ The strategy became , to market bicycling as an urban lifestyle . You do n't do it because it 's cheap and you need to get somewhere . It 's presented as an opportunity to be part of urban chic fashion . ”
Keatts is right that lower-income households form the bulk of all bike riders , though they miss some of the strongest evidence to their point . The American Community Survey from 2008 to 2012 ( also compiled in Commuting in America , 2013 ) breaks down bike travel by household income among the working population . Lower-income households bike to work in greater shares than higher-income homes :
The uneven income brackets above obscure the raw numbers . When we realign the data into $ 50,000 increments , we see just how many more total members of lower-income households commute by bike . And given that commutes represent a minority of overall trips , it 's reasonable to expect that complete travel data would show even greater bike usage among the poor :
CityLab
Meanwhile the data for bike-share use , as Susan Shaheen and some collaborators analyzed for a Mineta report last fall , reveals a very different picture . Here we see that in several North American metros , higher-income residents are over-represented among bike-share members while lower-income households are under-represented . Here 's the data from the Twin Cities :
CityLab
Newer data on workers without car access , compiled by Brian McKenzie of the Census Bureau , gives a fuller picture of what 's happening . Between 2006 and 2013 , the share of all such no-car bike commuters rose from 2.6 to 3.2 percent . But while the lower-income ( up to $ 25,000 ) share saw a modest rise from 3.1 to 3.5 percent , the higher-income share ( over $ 75,000 ) more than doubled , from 1.1 to 2.4 percent .
CityLab
Altogether the figures suggest two very different types of bike riders . One can afford to live in an expensive part of the city so close to work that owning a car is n't necessary . There 's probably a bike-share station nearby , as a neighborhood amenity , because enough wealthy residents live in the area to sustain it financially . Riding in general is easier because there 's plenty of bike infrastructure in place .
The fate of Saudi Arabia 's former crown prince , Mohammed bin Nayef , may have been sealed in March after their rival met with President Trump at the White House for a formal lunch .
President Trump met with Mohammad bin Salman , the 31-year-old son of Saudi Arabia 's King Salman . It was considered an unusual move and the media speculated on its significance .
King Salman , who is 81 , is reportedly in declining health and there was a power struggle between the two princes . Politico , in an article titled , “ Trump Drawn into Saudi Game of Thrones , ” wondered , at the time , if Trump crossed some political line during the meeting .
“ I do n't think that was necessarily their intention , ” Joseph W. Westphal , a former U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia under President Obama , told the magazine . “ He is new at all of this , and I think they were probably trying to signal a warm welcome , but it was unusual and it could definitely signal to people back in Saudi Arabia that there is an effort being made there . ”
Whether there was a effort or not , Saudi Arabia 's King Salman 's announced Wednesday that their son will be their heir-apparent . They stripped their son 's former rival of their position of counter-terrorism chief .
It was not immediately clear what prompted the decision , but analysts see the royal family attempting to forge a solid relationship with Trump after rocky years with the Obama administration .
Saudi Arabia and the Obama administration did not see eye-to-eye on some major issues . The Iran nuclear deal was widely criticized in Riyadh .
Trump and Prince Mohammad bin Salman , during the meeting in March , reportedly touched on a series of topics and agreed that Iran is a major threat . After the meeting , a senior adviser to the prince said in a statement that the meeting was a “ turning point in relations between both countries . ”
The Associated Press reported that the warm ties forged between Riyadh and the Trump administration may have helped accelerate Prince Mohammed bin Salman 's ascension as crown prince . The visit also helped lay the foundation for Trump 's visit to Saudi Arabia in May , which marked the president 's first overseas visit .
Simon Henderson , the director of the Gulf and Energy Policy Program at the Washington Institute , told The New York Times that Trump and their team “ see Saudi Arabia as a crucial part of the Middle East and an important country to have a positive relationship with , even if there are irritants . This is at odds with the Obama administration , so they want to make that clear distinction . ”
The all-but-certain takeover of the throne by Prince Mohammed bin Salman awards near absolute powers to a prince who has ruled out dialogue with rival Iran , has moved to isolate neighboring Qatar for its support of Islamist groups and who has led a devastating war in Yemen that has killed thousands of civilians .
Prince Mohammed bin Salman raised eyebrows in the past when they framed the tensions with Iran in sectarian terms , saying it is Iran 's goal `` to control the Islamic world '' and to spread its Shiite doctrine .
One of Prince Mohammed bin Salman 's key jobs will be an economic one : to lessen The Kingdom 's reliance on oil .
Faisal J. Abbas , the editor of Arab News , wrote in March , “ The new Saudi spirit , embodied in the deputy crown prince , is one that means business , and has made reform and progression its main mandate ( compared to Tehran , which has only used the money from the nuclear deal to further spread chaos and terror in the region ) . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this report
click to enlarge Photo via Youtube
The Daniel Heitz Band
10 pm at Lil Indies , 1036 N. Mills Ave.10 pm at the Caboose , 1827 N. Orange Ave.10:30 pm at Tanqueray 's , 100 S. Orange Ave.9 pm at Will 's Pub , 1042 N. Mills Ave.8 pm at Austin 's Coffee , 929 W. Fairbanks Ave. , Winter Park10:30 pm at Tanqueray 's , 100 S. Orange Ave.10 pm at Lil Indies , 1036 N. Mills Ave.8 pm at Muldoon 's Saloon , 7439 Aloma Ave. , Winter Park.8 pm at Copper Rocket Pub , 106 Lake Ave. , Maitland.4 pm at The Lovely , 2906 Corrine Drive.10 pm at Backbooth , 37 W. Pine St.10:30 pm at Tanqueray 's , 100 S. Orange Ave.8 pm at Hannibal 's on the Square , 511 W. New England Ave. , Winter Park.10 pm at The Swirlery , 1508 E. Michigan St.9 pm at Om Bar and Chill Lounge , 392 Flagler Ave. , New Smyrna Beach.9 pm at West End Trading Company , 202 S. Sanford Ave. , Sanford.6 pm at Howl at the Moon Saloon , 8815 International Drive.10:30 pm at Tanqueray 's , 100 S. Orange Ave.9 pm at Sandwich Bar , 2432 E. Robinson St ; free ; 407-421-1670.9 pm at Cafe DaVinci , 112 W. Georgia Ave. , DeLand.8 pm at Aloma Bowl , 2530 Aloma Ave. , Winter Park.10 pm at Lil Indies , 1036 N. Mills Ave.2 pm at Orlando Public Library , 101 E. Central Blvd.7 pm at West End Trading Company , 202 S. Sanford Ave. , Sanford.noon at Lakeridge Winery and Vineyards , 19239 N. U.S. Highway 27 , Clermont.10:30 pm at Tanqueray 's , 100 S. Orange Ave.2 pm at Orlando Public Library , 101 E. Central Blvd.9 pm at Lil Indies , 1036 N. Mills Ave.8 pm at St. Matthew 's Tavern , 1300 N. Mills Ave.9:30 pm at Austin 's Coffee , 929 W. Fairbanks Ave. , Winter Park.10:30 pm at Tanqueray 's , 100 S. Orange Ave.6:30 pm at West End Trading Company , 202 S. Sanford Ave. , Sanford.7 pm at Cafe DaVinci , 112 W. Georgia Ave. , DeLand.7:30 pm at Austin 's Coffee , 929 W. Fairbanks Ave. , Winter Park.10:30 pm at Tanqueray 's , 100 S. Orange Ave.10 pm at Will 's Pub , 1042 N. Mills Ave .
YAZD - President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said that the intervention by foreigners only makes issues in Lebanon and Tunisia more complicated .
“ Interference of ( other ) countries in the affairs of Lebanon and Tunisia complicates issues and it is necessary that the nations and leaders of these countries resolve their problems themselves , ” Ahmadinejad told a gathering in the south central province of Yazd on Wednesday.He said , “ The Lebanese people must be aware that they are passing a significant stage ” and certain countries are making attempts to undermine their unity.On Wednesday , 11 ministers quit the Lebanese cabinet over tensions arising from a UN probe into the 2005 assassination of former prime minister Rafiq Hariri , toppling the government of U.S.-backed Prime Minister Saad Hariri.Addressing the United States and the Zionist regime , Ahmadinejad stated that the Lebanese nation is able to resolve their own problems. “ If you do not stop your malicious moves , the Lebanese nation and the regional nations will cut off your dirty hands , ” they added . “ Do not make your record darker by undue interference. ” Commenting on the latest developments in Tunisia , Ahmadinejad warned the foreigners against interference in the country 's internal affairs.Following weeks of street protests over unemployment and high prices , Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled to Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , on Friday. “ Others do not have the right to interfere in this regard since the Tunisian nation is intellectually mature and can decide for themselves , ” they explained.-Cooperation with Iran is in West 's interestsElsewhere in their remarks , Ahmadinejad said cooperation with Iran is in the best interests of Western countries. “ Today Iran has become a nuclear state , and from the Iranian nation 's viewpoint , the nuclear issue is finished , ” they stated. “ Cooperate with nuclear Iran because cooperation with benefit you , ” Ahmadinejad told the West.He also said , “ We welcome your cooperation based on justice , ” but be aware that Iran will not step back an inch from its rights
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A national poll says that 53 per cent of Americans support gay marriage equality .
The Washington Post-ABC News poll asked 1,001 respondents : “ Do you think it should be legal or illegal for gay and lesbian couples to get married ? ”
This is the first time a Post-ABC poll has found majority support for the issue . The wording of the question is the same as in previous years .
Thirty-five per cent of respondents is strongly opposed to marriage equality , while 36 per cent were strongly in favour .
Evan Wolfson , president of Freedom to Marry , said : “ This is very consistent with a lot of other polling data we 've seen and the general momentum we 've seen over the past year and a half .
“ As people have come to understand this is about loving , committed families dealing , like everyone , with tough times , they understand how unfair it is to treat them differently . ”
Previous polls have typically found higher support for gay marriage in women than men . However , the latest survey shows the same level of support across the gender divide .
Republicans , white evangelical Christians and conservatives remain the groups most opposed .
Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage , argued that all 31 states that have put same-sex marriage on the ballot voted to ban it .
They told the Washington Post : “ We 've seen these biased polls time and time again – right before votes in which same-sex marriage is rejected . It 's absurd . The people of this country have not changed their opinion about marriage . ”
Five states – Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , New Hampshire , Vermont and Washington DC – currently allow gay couples to marry .
California 's ban is under review . Maryland was expected to be next to make the change but a bill failed to gain the necessary support .
In the US , the Defense of Marriage Act bars the federal government from recognising gay marriage . The Obama administration recently announced it would no longer defend the law in court , although the Republican-controlled House has voted to do so .
Democrats in the both the House and the Senate will launch bills to repeal the law shortly .
The Russian State Duma has voted 434-1 to bring in a law to limit foreign ownership of Russian media to 20 per cent , writes Professor Stefan Hedlund .
The Russian version of Forbes Magazine and the Vedomosti business daily are the immediate targets of legislation passed on September 23 , 2014 . The Vedomosti has been published since 1999 , in cooperation between Wall Street Journal , Financial Times , and Russian Sanoma Independent Media , which also publishes the English-language Moscow Times .
This move follows previous bans against Russian websites that have been critical of the government . And it is in line with earlier legislation which forces non-profit-organisations that receive foreign support to register as ‘ foreign agents ' . The proponents of the bill said it was crucial to introduce the curbs in the view of the ‘ information war ' waged on Russia because of the Ukraine crisis .
In addition to limits on foreign ownership , the law also imposes a ban on media outlets being funded or run by foreign groups or individuals , including Russians with dual nationality . As they presented the initiative , lawmaker Vadim Dengin warned that Western media organisations were buying up Russian papers in order to sway Russians , particularly the younger generation .
On a parallel track , the Kremlin is beefing up its own ability to present foreign audiences with news that is of its liking . The main focus here is the highly controversial satellite television network RT , previously known as Russia Today . It was created in 2005 , as a counterweight to the American CNN . Since then , its annual budget has increased more than tenfold , from US $ 30 million to more than US $ 300 million . Its current budget covers the salaries of 2,500 employees and contractors worldwide , of which 100 are in Washington .
Although the content of its reporting is viewed as biased , its format is highly professional . Programming is glitzy and provocative , and presented by young native English speakers . Its critical coverage of the West is being well received .
RT is already more successful than all other foreign broadcast stations available in major US cities . Two million Britons watch the Kremlin channel regularly .
Coverage of the war in Ukraine has proved to be a real watershed , causing some of its high-profile foreign correspondents to resign in protest . US-based RT journalist Liz Wahl resigned in a live TV broadcast in March 2014 following the annexation of Crimea . And Sarah Firth , London correspondent for RT , left in July in protest over what they felt was dishonest reporting of the downing in east Ukraine of the passenger plane Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 .
But the Kremlin believes it has a winning hand . The budget for RT for 2015 is likely to be increased by 41 per cent . If parallel subsidies to RT subsidiaries are included , the increase comes to a 250 per cent . Broadcasting in German and French is to begin .
RT has succeeded in recruiting United States ' legendary CNN talk show host Larry King , and in June 2014 it broke a YouTube record by being the first TV station to get a billion views of its videos .
The information war is on and the Kremlin is bent on winning .
Related reports
Intimidation , not jail , keeps the Russian regime in control
Growing Russian nationalism provokes attacks on immigrants
The Quebec government has announced that naloxone , the fast-acting drug used to reverse the effects of an opioid overdose , will soon be free and accessible in pharmacies across the province in an effort to prevent a full-blown fentanyl crisis .
`` Making it available for free , that is the answer , '' said Quebec Health Minister Gaétan Barrette . `` But the real answer to this growing situation is about prevention , and there will be a comprehensive strategy put on the table by the end of this year . ''
The measure is part of a larger plan municipal and public health authorities are rolling out as the number of drug overdoses and deaths related to fentanyl , a powerful opioid and painkiller , has spiked in Montreal over the last year .
Dr. Carole Morissette , the doctor in charge of the response to the fentanyl crisis with Montreal Public Health , recently called fentanyl 's growing presence in the city a `` public health emergency . ''
Barrette said the situation in Quebec right now is n't as critical as the one unfolding in British Columbia , where more than four people a day are dying from illicit drug use , and most street drugs are found to be laced with fentanyl .
But Barrette said providing wider access to naloxone is a crucial step in preventing more deaths in Quebec .
`` We are taking measures and putting in place those measures so that we do not get there , '' they said , adding that it was n't `` a question of costs , but a question of saving lives . ''
Making the life-saving drug more accessible in Montreal means that people can administer naloxone in a situation where time is of essence . ( David Horemans/CBC )
The decision is being praised by frontline community workers , who have been pushing for easier access to naloxone .
Louis Letellier de St-Just , the president of Cactus Montreal , a community group that works with intravenous drug users , said the development was `` very encouraging , '' but there is still more to be done .
`` What we need to face the opioid crisis is to have an increase of the hours of the safe injection sites and give community organizations the possibility to distribute naloxone , '' they said .
Police officers , firefighters to be able to give drug
Under the new plan , people will no longer have to undergo special training in order to be allowed to administer naloxone .
The decision means that police officers and firefighters , like their counterparts in other provinces , will be authorized to be equipped with naloxone kits and to be able to administer naloxone in case of an overdose .
In August , harm reduction workers and local politicians had called on the Montreal police service to reconsider its position on carrying the drug , saying it would save lives .
The provincial government has also ordered an investigation of prescribing patterns and accessibility of opioids , with the help of Quebec 's College of Physicians .
Public Health Minister Lucie Charlebois said much of the preventive work is already underway , but , with the recent rash of opioid overdoses in Montreal , it was necessary to take swift action .
`` I want to reassure the public , '' said Charlebois . `` We 're in prevention mode . ''
Americans take about 80 percent of the total number of opiates produced in the entire world .
Americans ' abuse of prescription painkillers has reached epidemic proportions , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC estimates that 15,000 people die every year in this country from overdoses involving opioid or narcotic pain relievers .
While men are more likely to die from painkiller abuse , the number of deaths among women was up 400 percent between 1999 and 2010 . `` More women are dying at rates that we have never seen before , '' said CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden . `` Stopping this epidemic in women — and men — is everyone 's business . ”
So what 's driving this alarming trend , and what can be done to stop it without denying relief to people who need pain medicine ?
James McGowan , MD , who specializes in advanced pain treatment options at The Center for Interventional Pain Medicine at Mercy Medical Center in Baltimore , believes the problem arose from a concern that chronic pain was being undertreated .
“ Papers were written advocating for the use of opiates in chronic , non-cancer-related pain , ” said Dr. McGowan . “ This movement led to a huge increase in the number of patients being prescribed opiates , and all these medications are potentially addicting . ”
Americans take about 80 percent of the total number of opiates produced in the entire world , according to the American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians . The CDC estimates enough prescription painkillers were prescribed in 2010 alone to medicate every American adult around the clock for a month .
Derived from opium , opiate painkillers such as morphine , codeine , and oxycodone work by blocking pain signals to the brain . They can affect parts of the brain that control emotions , causing feelings of euphoria .
Research such as a 2011 study in the journal Drug and Alcohol Dependence suggests patients with psychiatric disorders like depression or anxiety disorder may be especially prone to abusing opiates for their anti-depressive and anti-psychotic effects .
McGowan stresses doctors need to be aware if a patient shows signs of any psychological conditions . They point out that opiates are n't always effective and should be prescribed as a last option for treating pain .
“ Doctors should recognize that certain patient populations are very unlikely to benefit from opiates , ” said McGowan . That would include “ patients with pain without an obvious anatomic cause , and those who have significant psychological issues such as depression or anxiety thought to be contributing to their pain . ”
Family and friends can help spot early signs of prescription drug abuse in a loved one . The Mayo Clinic lists several potential symptoms including depression , confusion , poor decision-making , an increase or decrease in sleep , and mood swings . Seeking medical help as early as possible can prevent drug misuse from becoming an addiction .
There are treatment options available for people addicted to painkillers , including counseling and medications . But an August study in the journal Health Affairs suggests a lot of people do n't get the help they need .
According to the study , “ …practitioners have at their disposal more tools than ever to treat opioid dependence . Yet these tools are not being used to their greatest potential in the United States or Canada. ” The authors attribute that gap to regulation of drugs like methadone that are used to treat addiction and to the prohibitive cost of treatment for uninsured patients .
In October , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration recommended stricter regulations on how doctors prescribe painkillers containing hydrocodone . The restrictions would reduce the supply of drugs a patient could get without a new prescription from 180 days to 90 days . Patients would have to take the prescription to the pharmacy to get it filled , rather than have a doctor call it in . The restrictions will likely take effect sometime this year .
Similar restrictions are already in place for other opiates such as Percocet and Oxycontin . But not everyone is convinced that such regulation is a long-term solution .
“ The new restrictions may help slow the tide of opiate addictions by… deterring physicians from starting patients on these medications , ” said McGowan . “ But we see tremendous amounts of addictions with other medications with similar restrictions . So I am not sure if the new ones will really make much difference in the long run . ”
Imposing restrictions can have the adverse effect of limiting availability of painkillers to patients who could benefit without risk of abuse . According to Institute of Medicine estimates , 116 million Americans experience chronic pain resulting in as much as $ 635 billion in healthcare costs and lost productivity every year .
“ These are very difficult trade-offs that our society has to make , ” Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , told The New York Times . “ The reason we approve these drugs is for people in pain . But we ca n't ignore the epidemic on the other side . ”
Square Enix Has No Plans To Bring Star Ocean : Second Evolution For PS4 And Vita To The West
By Sato . July 5 , 2016 . 12:00am
Siliconera recently spoke with Star Ocean : Integrity and Faithlessness producer Shuichi Kobayashi , and asked if Square Enix is looking into releasing Star Ocean : Second Evolution to the West .
Star Ocean : Second Evolution , the enhanced port of Star Ocean : The Second Story , originally released for PSP in 2008 in Japan and the following year in the West . The game was more recently ported with additional features to PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita in Japan on October 2015 and it even got a PS3 port in December , but we 've yet to hear anything about it for the West .
During our interview with Star Ocean Integrity and Faithlessness producer Shuichi Kobayashi , we asked if Square Enix is looking into releasing the PS4 and PS Vita versions of the game for the West .
“ Yamagishi-san they were the producer that created the PSP remake and released the PS4 and Vita version in Japan . After they released the remake they have n't really done anything for the West . At this moment , there are no plans to release that title in the West , ” Kobayashi told Siliconera .
They continued , “ However , these are my personal thoughts and nothing has been decided yet , but since I am kind of rebooting the [ Star Ocean ] series I know that I ca n't leave it alone . I would love to release it somehow . Maybe create a back catalog or have some way to purchase it because I know a lot of people and maybe even people who play this new title would want to play the older [ Star Ocean ] titles too . ”
“ I know we should probably do this . I do n't know if it will be me or Yamagishi-san again , but there should be a way to do this . There are no plans this moment , but I am thinking about it. “
We 'll have more from Kobayashi-san soon .
As Battles Rage , Blast Rips Through Libyan Rebel Base
Enlarge this image toggle caption Roberto Schmidt/AFP/Getty Images Roberto Schmidt/AFP/Getty Images
Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's regime struck back at anti-government forces Friday , launching a strike on an opposition-held city near Tripoli and clamping down on protesters in the capital .
At least 20 people were reportedly killed in the fighting , and a massive explosion at a rebel-held military base in eastern Libya killed at least 17 more .
Shortly after the explosion , NPR 's Peter Kenyon visited the Rajma military base , 12 miles from the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . They described `` a scene of utter devastation . ''
`` The explosive damage was truly remarkable , '' they said . Ambulances were streaming into the base , and body parts were spread around the explosion .
Kenyon said that the base contained a large weapons depot and that it was unclear what caused the explosion .
Rebel Commander Reportedly Killed
A large force from a brigade led by Gadhafi 's son Khamis launched an assault on the western city of Zawiya , just 30 miles from Tripoli , on Friday . Troops from the Khamis Brigade bombarded the city 's western edges with mortar shells , heavy machine guns , tanks and anti-aircraft weapons , several residents said .
By evening , another brigade had opened a front on the eastern side . Armed Zawiya citizens backed by allied army units were fighting back .
Zawiya 's fighters have beaten back several attacks in the past two weeks by Gadhafi forces trying to recapture the city .
The commander of the rebel forces — Hussein Darbouk , a colonel in Gadhafi 's army who defected — was shot to death by fire from an anti-aircraft gun , and at least three other rebel fighters were killed in the battle , according to AP reports that cited an opposition activist in the city .
The news agency quoted a witness in Zawiya 's hospital as saying 18 people had been killed and 120 wounded in the fighting , though the number could not be confirmed .
A doctor on the scene told AP that pro-Gadhafi fighters would not allow medics to treat the injured , opened fire on ambulances trying to assist and hauled away the bodies of some of the dead in an apparent effort to keep death toll reports low . The gunmen killed a wounded rebel with three shots as a medic tried to pull them to safety , then even threatened to shoot the medic , the doctor said .
The doctor and witnesses spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation .
Fighting In The East
Meanwhile , dozens of rebels moved artillery and mortars into the eastern town of Ras Lanuf , the site of a major oil refinery , on Friday , where they engaged government forces .
`` There are conflicting accounts of what the outcome [ of the battle ] is and it may be some time before we know precisely , '' NPR 's Kenyon said .
toggle caption Ben Curtis/AP
The opposition had briefly held Ras Lanuf last week before regime loyalists recaptured the town . Friday 's offensive to wrest it back signals that the `` momentum is with the anti-Gadhafi forces , '' Kenyon said .
But they cautioned that the fighting in Ras Lanuf was still far from the capital , and that the stronghold of Sirte — Gadhafi 's hometown — still lies between the rebels ' current position and the regime 's seat of power .
At least two dead and 16 wounded were taken to the hospital at nearby Ajdabiya , although that did not include the toll from other hospitals in the area .
In Tripoli , Protesters 'Threatened With Death '
Witnesses in the capital told The Associated Press that regime troops struck as scores of protesters ended Friday prayers and streamed from the Murad Agha mosque in Tripoli 's Tajoura district into a nearby square , chanting anti-government slogans and waving a version of the Libyan flag symbolizing pre-Gadhafi rule .
Protesters tore down posters of the Libyan leader , replacing them with the flags . They spray-painted walls with graffiti reading , `` Down with Gadhafi . ''
Security forces initially responded with tear gas but switched to live ammunition , witnesses said . It was not clear whether they fired at the crowd or into the air , but the protesters scattered , many of them taking refuge back in the mosque , according to an AP reporter at the scene .
A doctor said several people were wounded and taken to a nearby hospital .
`` All these people are threatened with death , '' said a 35-year-old man who was among the demonstrators in Tajoura . `` We have no education , no economy , no infrastructure . ... We want nothing but the end of the regime . We were born free but they are suppressing us . ''
Internet services , which have been spotty throughout Libya 's upheaval , appeared to be halted completely in Tripoli
Similar protests a week ago in the capital met a brutal crackdown , when militiamen opened fire on demonstrators moments after they began their marches . The number of dead is still unknown .
Effectiveness Of Rebel Force In Question
Hundreds of miles to the east , rebels in the Mediterranean port of Brega were hastily training volunteers to use weapons in anticipation of an attack by government troops . The opposition managed to repel a major regime offensive earlier this week in the city , which is the site of one of Africa 's biggest oil refineries .
`` I would call it a desperate emergency effort to try and train very untrained individuals for military action that could come at any moment , '' NPR 's Kenyon said . They added that it was n't clear how the raw recruits would fare during a sustained attack by government forces .
Gadhafi 's forces have been unable to take back swaths of eastern Libya in opposition control , while the rebel forces — backed by mutinous army units — seemed unable to launch a concerted offensive to topple the regime .
`` Certainly , this ragtag army ... insists that it 's still prepared to liberate the entire country . The difficult part is finding someone with an actual plan for doing that , '' Kenyon said .
Interpol Takes Action Against Gadhafi
Interpol issued an international alert for Gadhafi and 15 other family members and close associates Friday to help enforce international sanctions against the Libyan strongman and their regime .
The international police organization said Gadhafi , their relatives and allies `` have been identified as being involved in or complicit in planning attacks , including aerial bombardments , on civilian populations . ''
Interpol issues the orange notice when an act or event poses a risk to public safety . The alert is sent to Interpol 's 188 members around the world , giving law enforcement and border police information on the targeted individuals that can be used to block their movements and freeze their assets .
The U.N. Security Council has imposed a global asset freeze on Gadhafi , their four sons and one daughter , and established a travel ban on the whole family along with 10 other close associates . The council also backed an arms embargo and referred the Libyan government 's bloody attacks on protesters to a war crimes tribunal for investigation into possible crimes against humanity .
Flow Of People Into Tunisia Slows
Thousands of people have fled the bloodshed and turmoil in Libya and crossed into neighboring Tunisia and Egypt , according to human-rights groups .
Heard On Air Africa NPR 's David Greene Tours A Refugee Camp At The Libyan-Tunisian Border Inside A Refugee Camp At The Libyan-Tunisian Border Listen · 4:34 4:34
But NPR 's David Greene reported from the Tunisian border that the flow of people seems to have slowed . They said most of the refugees they interviewed as they arrived on Tunisian soil described harrowing incidents of harassment at checkpoints manned by Libyan soldiers .
`` There are heavily armed border guards at one checkpoint after another who are intimidating them —demanding that they show their passports , demanding that they give up their mobile phones , give up their camera memory cards , '' Greene said .
Right groups estimate that more 200,000 people have fled into Tunisia , Egypt and Niger since Feb. 15 , when Libya 's uprising against Gadhafi 's iron-fisted rule began .
Greene said the number has slowed considerably in recent days , an observation confirmed by the U.N. refugee agency . Refugees in Tunisia who have been able to call back to Libya report that people there are increasingly afraid to leave .
`` If [ the Libyan ] military control of the border and roads reduces , a huge exodus of people could resume , '' UNHCR spokesperson Melissa Fleming told reporters in Geneva .
U.N. satellites were monitoring the exodus . An estimated 15,000 to 18,000 people were still in transit camps in Tunisia . The U.N. plans to establish a second camp in Tunisia , like Ras Adjir , close to the Tunisian-Libyan border .
British , French and U.N. planes were taking turns getting Egyptian workers from Tunisia back to Cairo . France was preparing to evacuate 5,000 Egyptians who arrived in Tunisia .
The United States sent two Air Force cargo planes to deliver blankets and other supplies to refugees in Tunisia , and plans were made to fly foreign workers away from the border area .
Protests In Yemen Turn Deadly
In Yemen , soldiers opened fire at anti-government protesters in the northern town of Harf Sofyan , killing four people and wounding seven on a day dubbed the `` Friday of the national cohesion . '' Witnesses told the AP that the shootings occurred as soldiers tried to disperse thousands of people gathered for Friday prayers .
Thousands of protesters also assembled amid tight security near Sanaa University in the capital to call for President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's ouster . Meanwhile , thousands of government supporters staged counterdemonstrations in Sanaa , urging the opposition to respond to Saleh 's call for dialogue .
Egyptians Urged to Focus On 'Rebuilding '
Egypt 's prime minister-designate , Essam Sharaf , appeared before thousands of demonstrators in central Cairo and promised to try to meet their demands for political change .
Sharaf pleaded with protesters to turn their attention to `` rebuilding '' the country . Their government will serve in a caretaker capacity until parliamentary elections are held .
The Supreme Armed Forces Council , which took control of the country from ousted President Hosni Mubarak , has said a referendum on constitutional changes to allow for competitive parliamentary and presidential elections will be held March 19 .
In Alexandria , hundreds of protesters marched on a building belonging to an internal security service . A medic told the AP that officers inside fired on the crowd , injuring three demonstrators .
With reporting from NPR 's Peter Kenyon in Libya , and David Greene along the Tunisian border . Material from The Associated Press was used in this story .
This year 's edition of the traveling rap festival Rock the Bells involves a ton of artists performing classic albums in full . But Rock the Bells is only coming to four American cities this summer . If you do n't live in any of those cities , however , you are n't exactly out of luck .
Rock the Bells promoters Guerrilla Union have a new partnership with House of Blues Entertainment that will bring tours to clubs and theaters . The partnership is kicking off with a pair of tours that 'll bring the whole performing-classic-rap-albums thing to venues across the U.S.On the first of those tours , Wu-Tang Clan compadres Raekwon and Ghostface Killah will perform Only Built 4 Cuban Linx , Rae 's 1995 solo debut . That same tour will also feature Queensbridge duo Mobb Deep doing another 1995 essential , The Infamous . ( Since Rae and Ghost both had guest verses on The Infamous , chances for onstage collaboration seem high . )
The second tour will feature Black Star , the duo of Mos Def and Talib Kweli , doing their pioneering 1998 indie-rap album Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star . All these artists are also on the bill for the Rock the Bells shows .
Below , we 've got the dates for both tours , and Raekwon 's video for the Cuban Linx track `` Incarcerated Scarfaces '' .
Raekwon and Ghostface Killah performing Only Built 4 Cuban Linx / Mobb Deep performing The Infamous :
08-12 New Orleans , LA - House of Blues
08-13 Houston , TX - House of Blues
08-14 Dallas , TX - House of Blues
08-16 Philadelphia , PA - Theater of Living Arts
08-20 San Bernardino , CA - Rock the Bells Festival
08-21 San Diego , CA - House of Blues
08-22 Las Vegas , NV - House of Blues
08-27 Mountain View , CA - Rock the Bells Festival
08-30 Indianapolis , IN - Egyptian Room
08-31 Cincinnati , OH - Bogart 's
09-01 Detroit , MI - Saint Andrew 's Hall
09-03 New York , NY - Rock the Bells Festival
09-08 Cleveland , OH - House of Blues
09-13 Miami Beach , FL - Fillmore Miami Beach
09-15 Atlanta , GA - Tabernacle
09-16 Myrtle Beach , SC - House of Blues
09-17 Charlotte , NC - Fillmore Charlotte
Mos Def and Talib Kweli performing Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star :
08-20 San Bernardino , CA - Rock the Bells Festival
08-27 Mountain View , CA - Rock the Bells Festival
09-03 New York , NY - Rock the Bells Festival
09-06 New Orleans , LA - House of Blues
09-07 Dallas , TX - House of Blues
09-08 Houston , TX - House of Blues
09-11 Philadelphia , PA - Theater of Living Arts
09-13 Las Vegas , NV - House of Blues
09-16 Indianapolis , IN - Egyptian Room
09-17 Cincinnati , OH - Bogart 's
09-18 Washington , DC - The Fillmore
09-20 Mansfield , MA - Rock the Bells Festival
09-21 Detroit , MI - St. Andrew 's Hall
09-22 Cleveland , OH - House of Blues
09-23 Chicago , IL - House of Blues
09-25 San Diego , CA - House of Blues
09-27 Miami , FL - The Fillmore
09-28 Atlanta , GA - Tabernacle
09-29 Charlotte , NC - The Fillmore
10-01 Myrtle Beach , SC - House of Blues
Embedded content is unavailable .
OBJECTIVE :
This pilot study was designed to evaluate the impact of a home-based aerobic conditioning program on symptoms of fibromyalgia and determine if changes in symptoms were related to quantitative changes in aerobic conditioning ( VO ( 2 ) max ) .
METHODS :
Twenty-six sedentary individuals diagnosed with fibromyalgia syndrome participated in an individualized 12-week home-based aerobic exercise program with the goal of daily aerobic exercise of 30 minutes at 80 % of estimated maximum heart rate . The aerobic conditioning took place in the participants ' homes , outdoors , or at local fitness clubs at the discretion of the individual under the supervision of a physical therapist . Patients were evaluated at baseline and completion for physiological level of aerobic conditioning ( VO ( 2 ) max ) , pain ratings , pain disability , depression , and stress .
RESULTS :
In this pilot study subjects who successfully completed the 12-week exercise program demonstrated an increase in aerobic conditioning , a trend toward decrease in pain measured by the McGill Pain Questionnaire-Short Form and a weak trend toward improvements in visual analog scale , depression , and perceived stress . Patients who were unable or unwilling to complete this aerobic conditioning program reported significantly greater pain and perceived disability ( and a trend toward more depression ) at baseline than those who completed the program .
CONCLUSIONS :
Patients suffering from fibromyalgia who can participate in an aerobic conditioning program may experience physiological and psychological benefits , perhaps with improvement in symptoms of fibromyalgia , specifically pain ratings . More definitive trials are needed , and this pilot demonstrates the feasibility of the quantitative VO2 max method . Subjects who experience significant perceived disability and negative affective symptoms are not likely to maintain a home-based conditioning program , and may need a more comprehensive interdisciplinary program offering greater psychological and social support .
Wiley Periodicals , Inc .
MUMBAI , April 27 -- In India , flying footwear is the new hunger strike , overtaking even the trendy Facebook protest as an expression of civil disobedience .
In the latest in a string of four shoe-hurling incidents during the month-long elections underway across India , a 21-year-old computer science student took aim at Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at a sparsely attended rally Sunday in the western city of Ahmedabad .
The shoe , of a yet-to-be-disclosed brand , landed 20 feet from the Oxford-educated economist , who appeared not to notice the tumult . Known for their cerebral , if dry , oratory , Singh , 76 , continued to hold forth on economic development , reading from a written speech .
Elsewhere in Ahmedabad on Sunday night , someone lobbed a traditional wooden sandal at prime ministerial candidate L.K . Advani , an 81-year-old leader of the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party . It was the second time a sandal of conscience has been launched in Advani 's direction this election season .
`` Joota : The ultimate nonviolent weapon , '' a front-page headline in the Mumbai Mirror tabloid read Monday , using the Hindi word for shoe . An editorial cartoon in the paper showed shoes being handed back to hurlers on silk pillows with a new wristwatch inside , `` to get around the Election Commission 's code against bribing voters , '' the caption read .
The shoe-as-missile-of-discontent appears to have been inspired by Muntadar al-Zaidi , the Iraqi journalist who lobbed both their shoes at President George W. Bush in December . Zaidi became an international hero . But they also drew a year in prison .
In India , New Delhi journalist Jarnail Singh kicked off the `` shoe bite , '' as the gesture is known here , when they threw a shoe at the home minister during a news conference this month in the capital . They said they were frustrated by the minister 's reply to a question about riots in 1984 in which hundreds of Sikhs were killed .
Singh instantly became a national celebrity and was flooded with marriage proposals , boxes of sweets and even money . But they politely refused everything , saying that their shoe-throwing was a `` nonprofit exercise . ''
The gesture resonates with many of India 's poor and often illiterate voters , who say they do not have opportunities to question leaders about issues such as corruption , a common problem in this hierarchical society . Politicians rarely deal with the public in unscripted moments , except during elections .
`` Shoe-throwing is a real expression of the frustration of the people , '' said Anil Bairwal of National Election Watch , a watchdog group . `` But you have to consider that citizens are at a loss for what to do . For too long , they have hoped that the parties would improve themselves , be progressive , put the right people in the seats and work for the betterment of the people . But none of that has happened . ''
Throwing one 's shoe at someone is seen as a powerful insult across South Asia and much of the Middle East . Indians rarely wear shoes indoors after being out in the often unsanitary streets . Showing the sole of a shoe is also considered an act of disrespect .
So far , no one who has thrown a shoe in India has been jailed . Some pundits here say that is a sign of the health of the world 's largest democracy . Others say politically astute leaders realize that arresting the offenders may only make them bigger heroes -- and politicians bigger villains -- in the public 's eyes .
When I see children cycling in London ( or elsewhere in the UK ) , they 're almost always on the pavement – except when we have our monthly Play Streets . The Play Streets represent an inversion of the norm : cars are ( politely ) excluded or – if resident – slowed to walking pace , while people get their space back . It feels like a little carnival : they walk , cycle , run , dance , and draw in the street . Once a month , we put people before motor vehicles .
At a recent session of my MSc Transport course Lucy Saunders did a guest lecture about the new TfL report ‘ Improving the Health of Londoners ‘ , which came out recently . The report 's quite ground-breaking in talking about a transport authority as having a public health role , and needing to ensure that schemes and policies promote health – particularly through enabling walking and cycling , which can make a big difference to healthy life expectancy and quality of life , especially for older people . During the discussion , one of the students spoke about how difficult it was to keep health benefits in view , when planning transport : ‘ The time savings benefits appear up here , and health is off down there somewhere ' . They were right . At the moment , as with Play Streets , our planning tools are often stuck at the stage of only prioritising people 's lives over motor vehicle convenience every now and then , in exceptional circumstances . Bring out HEAT occasionally if something 's a ‘ walking ' or ‘ cycling ' scheme , turn people 's lives into money , and weigh the value of a statistical life against motor vehicle flow .
How do we get people back into planning ? At one of the Modelling on the Move events that I organised , much reference was made to the ‘ data gap ' ( in relation to cycling , but it 's not only cycling that 's affected ) . We do n't have the data , so we ca n't put it into the model , so we do n't know what will happen , so we ca n't plan for it , so very few people do it , so there 's no policy interest – and no data . Nicely circular . A lot of people are trying to intervene at different points in the circle , but as with any entrenched paradigm , it often feels like there 's no movement : the system has the ability to absorb and marginalise challenges , and keep rolling along in the same old way .
But the right data , at the right time , can help bring about change . Watching The Human Scale , the film about the Danish urbanist Jan Gehl , the role of data was clear . They talked about realising that transport researchers and planners studying streets collected information on what motor vehicles do , but not what people do – and realising that when you have the data about people , you can start to think about planning for people .
So I was thinking about data gaps in planning for cycling , and one area I thought it might be worth looking at is around cycling and children . Cycle Infrastructure Design says ( page 12 ) that children :
Our classic ‘ onroad solution ' – as per the cover of Cycle Infrastructure Design – is a narrow painted advisory lane right next to motor traffic , while the ‘ segregated , direct largely offroad ' routes has turned into ( widespread , but patchy ) tolerance of children cycling on pavements . Looking at cycling rates among both adults and kids we can see how successful it 's been . As we seek to move away from these ‘ solutions ' towards universal design – see my post on Hills and Huntingdon Road schemes – just how good does it have to be ? What kind of segregation – will armadillos work ? How quiet does a residential street need to get before parents will let their children ride on the road ?
If London 's going to get to 5 % mode share , we have to broaden the demographic of cycling , and get people cycling for non-commute trips . One key aim must be to create environments that are good enough for people to choose to ride with their children . This can help gender balance ( and we know that seven in ten of London 's cycle commuters are still men ) , as women are more likely than men to have complex , chained trips that involve escort journeys ( e.g . taking kids to school ) . The tradition of planning separately for the nervous newbie and the hardy commuter forgets that many commuters need to pick up or drop off kids on the way , either sometimes or all the time . If the mainstream cycling infrastructure is n't good enough for people to ride on with kids , it 's going to create a glass ceiling that severely limits our cycling mode share .
So I 'm planning to carry out a survey looking at people 's views on cycle infrastructure , in relation to kids . In other words , asking : would you ride here on your own ? With a child on the back ? Would you let a 12 year old ride here alone ? This can help to quantify the extent to which existing – and planned – schemes and streets include or exclude people . If we 're building stuff that is n't suitable for children , not only are we marginalising children , but because of the gendered division of labour , we 're also disproportionately excluding women . Failing to enable people with pushchairs to access a service can be indirect gender discrimination , so what about cycling environments that do n't feel safe enough for people with children to use ? Maybe being able to pin down a bit more clearly when cycling infrastructure is and is n't child-friendly can be a tiny step in moving towards cities , and planning tools , that are built around the needs of people in all their diversity .
UAE is funding ports and military bases in an area already frequented by forces of the United States , Japan , France , Germany , China , and others .
The semi-autonomous region of Puntland in northeastern Somalia signed a 30-year concession agreement with the Dubai-owned P & O Ports firm in early April , to develop and manage a multipurpose port in Bosaso city . The development of the seaport will take place in two phases , and is expected to cost $ 336 million .
The landmark deal was signed several weeks after the self-declared republic of Somaliland allowed the United Arab Emirates to also set up a military base in the port of Berbera . Last year , Somaliland also announced a $ 442 million deal with the Dubai-based DP World to upgrade the port in Berbera , and create a world-class regional trading hub along the Red Sea coast .
The UAE 's foray into Somalia has proved controversial , with the country 's auditor general accusing Somali officials of taking bribes to enable the deal . But in many ways , the port concessions underpin the geopolitical face-off looming in the Horn of Africa . As Somalia regains a semblance of peace , its over-3300 kilometer coastline could prove the next frontier for global powers looking to deepen their presence across this strategic waterway .
In neighboring Djibouti , military forces from the United States , Japan , France , Germany , Italy , Spain , and soon China , are already based there , conducting counter-terrorism or anti-piracy efforts along the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea . For Sunni Arab states like Saudi Arabia and the UAE , who are concerned about the expanding influence of Iran in the region , the port of Assab in Eritrea has also become a base to prosecute the war in Yemen and tighten the noose on Houthi rebels . Observers now say that with these new port deals , Somalia could unwittingly be dragged into a war that far exceeds its own strategic purview and military capacity .
“ Contrary to the commercial façade of these projects , the main objective is one of geopolitical and geoeconomics , ” says Abukar Arman , a political analyst and a former Somalia envoy to the US . Arman says the UAE 's ambition is also underpinned by Turkey 's growing presence in the region , which is seen as a strategic threat to its British and American allies . “ It is the ideal gambit to secure the deals . ”
Somalia 's government generates nearly 80 % of its revenue from the seaport and airport in Mogadishu—both of which are managed by Turkish companies . The Turks have also eclipsed traditional donors to Somalia , and have engaged in projects ranging from tarmacking roads , building hospitals , collecting garbage , and providing scholarships to thousands of Somali students . The Turkish model , which combines humanitarian assistance , trade , and investment , has been the envy of many nations battling for influence inside Somalia , including the Qataris , Ethiopians , Kenyans , the European Union—and the Emiratis .
But the port agreements could , however , face legal complications in the future . Even though Somalia is composed of federated states , analysts say they do n't have the authority to sign nation-to-nation treaties . Somalis have also been using the hashtag # UAEHandsOffSomalia to share their concerns about Emiratis undermining Somali sovereignty by signing deals with regional governments . Both the presidents of Somaliland and Puntland have defended the deals , saying that it will create jobs and contribute to economic growth .
For now , the newly-elected central government in Mogadishu seems to be the only loser in the equation . President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmaajo 's government is yet to comment on this , even though they visited the UAE in early April . “ He should never have accepted the UAE invitation without first getting on the same page with Somaliland and Puntland , ” Arman says . “ At this point , they seem at a great disadvantage . ”
LOS ANGELES -- The pressure surrounding LeBron James and the Miami Heat is beginning to build . The defending NBA champs face a 2-1 deficit in the Finals to the San Antonio Spurs and at least one former champion believes the Heat are n't just being beat on the court but also between the ears .
`` Mentally , the Spurs are strongest right now , '' Los Angeles Lakers forward Metta World Peace told ESPNLosAngeles.com prior to the Heat 's 113-77 loss to the Spurs on Tuesday . `` I think LeBron and ( Chris ) Bosh , they want it to be given to them . I do n't think they 're taking it upon themselves like a ( Michael ) Jordan would have done . ''
Referring to the Heat , World Peace added , `` They do have the best team , but if they do n't play like the best team , they 're going to lose and the Spurs will take advantage of opportunities . ''
World Peace also recently tweeted their `` All Mental-Toughness Team '' of the decade and included Kobe Bryant , Derek Fisher , Tim Duncan , Dwyane Wade and Dirk Nowitzki , with James being noticeably absent .
James had an abysmal Game 3 by their standards . The four-time MVP finished with 15 points on 7-for-21 shooting , 11 rebounds , five assists and two turnovers while registering a plus-minus of -32 in 39 minutes of playing time . Bosh was similarly ineffective , putting up 12 points on 4-for-10 shooting and 10 rebounds in 32 minutes .
World Peace believes Miami 's role players will have to step up if the Heat are going to have a shot at securing back-to-back titles .
Unheralded Heat starter Mario Chalmers had that type of night in Game 2 , scoring a team-high 19 points in Miami 's 19-point rout of a win , but the fifth-year guard disappeared with zero points on 0-for-5 shooting , four fouls and four turnovers Tuesday .
`` Chalmers , they want it , '' World Peace said . `` He gets it . He 's not as talented as LeBron , but they have more heart . That 's those Derek Fisher type of players . Players that have more heart that are not as talented and play hard . ''
World Peace , who during the 2010-11 season ranked Bryant and Kevin Durant as the league 's top two players and when asked about James said , `` I only count to two , '' contending that they have nothing personal against Miami 's star .
Protests Do n't Stop Demolition of Historic Bentonville Home Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting , Inc. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Video
BENTONVILLE , AR -- - Protests to preserve the past could not stop progress in Bentonville on Thursday , May 12th , as the first of two historic homes were demolished .
What was once the parsonage house for Central Baptist Church is now a pile of rubble . The home located at 701 West Central Avenue has been leveled and the neighboring ictorian home at 703 will be next . The two homes are rich in Bentonville 's history . City officials say they were purchased by a private party . And while no ordinances or laws have been broken in their destruction , those trying to hold onto the historic charm of downtown question the motives . `` Why , why could you not have built someplace else why could you not go to the outskirts of town . There 's been a bad precedence set in Bentonville . There seems to be more interest in progress than preserving the history '' said Randy Mccrory who considers themselves a Benton County historian .
Mccrory says the demolished house sits on the national historical register . But Bentonville Planning Commissioner , Jim Grider said that does not prevent the home from being torn down .
Charlotte McCourt has some choice words for one particular type of Girl Scout cookie .
`` The Toffee-tastic is a bleak , flavorless , gluten-free wasteland , '' the South Orange scout recently wrote of the confection , which , at $ 5 , costs a dollar more than most other boxes of Girl Scout cookies .
`` I 'm telling you , it 's as flavorless as dirt , '' the 11-year-old said of the cookie , which has rice and tapioca flours , butter toffee bits and corn syrup listed among its ingredients .
Do n't hold back , Charlotte .
Thanks to their honesty , McCourt , whose original goal was to sell 300 boxes , has attracted a boatload of national media and a huge bump in cookie sales .
Girl Scouts Heart of New Jersey , McCourt 's local scout council , said in a statement that it was `` thrilled for Charlotte '' and `` proud that they exercised their entrepreneurial skills . '' Them cookie sales now stand at 16,430 boxes .
`` Today , '' `` GMA , '' ABC News , Good Housekeeping and the Huffington Post picked up on the scout 's frank assessment of the cookies .
McCourt , who sells the cookies online at their scout website , learned their father had a wealthy friend from high school who lived in Colorado and was interested in buying cookies for troops overseas , a type of purchase they thought had been lacking . So the resourceful scout sat down with their father 's laptop and fired off an email to their friend .
They decided to be as transparent as possible when presenting their sales pitch , so they rated most all of the cookies ( apart from the new S'mores cookie , which they had n't yet tried ) from 1 to 10 .
Them letter ( and cookie sales ) first took off on Jan. 25 when Mike Rowe , host of the podcast `` The Way I Heard It , '' who works with their father , Sean , a producer of the podcast , read it to their Facebook audience . A video of Rowe reading their letter drew more than 8.3 million views .
`` Some of the descriptions , I 'm afraid , use false advertising , '' McCourt wrote of the cookies . They rated the lemon Savannah Smiles a 7 , but the Trefoil got a 6 .
`` Alone , it 's kind of boring , '' they wrote of the classic shortbread cookie .
The peanut butter and oatmeal Do-Si-Do got a dismal 5 , `` for its unoriginality and its blandness . ''
The Samoa ? A caramel-chocolate-coconut winner , with a 9 .
The Tagalong 's chocolate-peanut butter combo ?
`` Inspired , '' McCourt wrote .
The only boxes that could get a 10 , they wrote , were the ones donated to troops . Or , rather , the donations themselves : `` It helps strike a spark into the treacherous lives of those men and women protecting our country and keeping America safe , '' McCourt wrote .
So far , their efforts have netted 7,765 boxes of cookies for the troops .
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ AmyKup or on Facebook .
WASHINGTON , D.C. ( April 16 , 2015 ) : George Washington University is gearing up to permanently ban from campus an important religious symbol , one which is sacred to many Hindus and Buddhists in India and elsewhere , because it looks like something else which may upset the sensibilities of some students .
George Washington University banning religious symbol
The hearing will be held under the auspicious of Gabriel Slifka , George Washington University Director of the Office of Student Rights and Responsibilities , and Peter Konwerski , VP and Dean of Student Affairs .
It 's like banning the 6-pointed Jewish Star of David because some people might mistake it for the pentagram symbol and human sacrifice , or expelling a student for using the word “ niggardly ” because other students may mistake it for a racist word and get upset , says George Washington University public interest law professor John Banzhaf .
Banzhaf , in a legal memo to key campus officials , has suggested that the University and its President may already be liable for defamation and other civil torts .
Also , they argue , all those who participate in the coming hearing to finalize the initial private ruling may be legally liable for discrimination based upon religion in violation of the D.C. Human Rights Act [ DCHRA ] .
When a Jewish student studying Eastern religions recently returned from India with a religious symbol sacred to many Indians and others called a Sanskrit svastika [ with a “ V ” ] , but another Jewish student initially mistook it for a Nazi swastika [ with a “ W ” ] , there was initial concern that it was meant as a threat to Jewish students . However , within hours , all was explained , the student withdrew their complaint and said they had nothing to fear , and the campus police discontinued their investigation .
But apparently because there has been previous anonymous postings of real Nazi swastikas on campus which had triggered tremendous pressure from Jewish groups , George Washington University 's President Steven Knapp , without any hearing , banned the Jewish student from campus until a forthcoming hearing at which they face permanent expulsion – an expulsion largely based upon George Washington University 's own failure to recognize the difference between a sacred Sanskrit symbol and a Nazi swastika , says Banzhaf .
The effort of that decision , especially if the expulsion is finalized at the forthcoming hearing , will be to effectively ban a sacred religious symbol from the campus , since any one displaying it , even for purely individual religious reasons , would likewise face immediately expulsion .
The University has seemingly taken the position that posting anything which could be mistaken for a Nazi swastika – even if it is of a different color and orientation , and/or might be seen as “ rotating ” in the opposite direction – can not be displayed on campus , even by students who are Hindus or Buddhists .
This effective banning of a sacred religious symbol , simply because it may look like something else , seems to be unprecedented . What could be more discriminatory than prohibiting Hindus and Buddhists from displaying their sacred Sanskrit svastika while permitting Christian , Jewish , and others to display their symbols , perhaps on a T-shirt ?
Banning one religious symbol – and even things that look something like it – while freely permitting the display of other religious symbols , would seem to be a clear violation of the DCHRA which prohibits discrimination based upon religious beliefs , says Banzhaf . Furthermore , any individual who aided and abetted that discrimination can be charged under the act , even if the University itself is not charged .
The professor says they have used this legal technique successfully several times , and finds it very effective because individuals can find it intimidating to have their credit ratings lowered , their ability to sell or even re-finance their homes temporarily suspended , etc . as a result of being charged with discrimination and being sued for attorneys fees as well as damages .
Even if the student had posted an actual Nazi swastika instead of an Indian religious symbol , they would still be protected by free speech and academic freedom , unless it posed a clear and present danger – i.e. , posted with the clear purpose of putting students in fear of immediate physical harm .
The law is clear that free speech and academic freedom protects the mere display of symbols , no matter how distasteful or upsetting they may be to some students , unless their display creates a clear and present danger , says Banzhaf , who has won important cases involving free speech , and testified before Congress as an expert witness on the topic .
Indeed , it is highly unpopular ideas and very distasteful symbols which truly need protection under free speech and academic freedom , since no one gets expelled from college for displaying pictures of cute babies and puppies , or for praising apple pie and motherhood .
Perhaps the most famous case involving a true Nazi swastika occurred when the courts upheld the right of a white racist party to march through Skokie Illinois in full Nazi uniforms with swastikas , even though many of the elderly Jewish survivors of death camps experienced real fear as well as total revulsion .
The U.S. Supreme Court has said that free speech permits a fanatical religious cult to demonstrate outside the funerals of war heroes shouting and displaying vile slogans , to burn an American flag , and even to burn a cross – unless there is clear proof that it was done to threaten immediate violence .
George Washington University says that it “ is committed to the protection of free speech , and guarantees students the right to “ express opinions publicly and privately , ” and even to “ distribute pamphlets ” and “ conduct orderly demonstrations. ” Court have frequently held that such official written promises provide students of private colleges with the same free speech protections as those who attend state institutions of higher education .
Unless and until George Washington University creates an exception in its academic freedom policy by banning the mere posting of certain symbols – or things that might resemble them – which some students might find offensive , any attempt to punish free speech which is now permitted can create legal liability , claims Banzhaf .
“ If they are going to carve out exceptions to the general rule of permitting students to express opinions through symbols or words which other students might find offensive , they should do so openly and prospectively , and not expel students for doing something which the current policy now seemingly permits .
But adopting such a policy might prove as difficult as establishing a speech code , especially since all campus speech codes which have been challenged in court have been struck down .
In addition to banning Nazi swastikas and things that may look similar , the ban might have included a T-shirt now in the news reading “ Eat . Sleep . Rape . Repeat. , ” any depictions or caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed , images of fetuses , quotations from the Bible about homosexuality , a photo of the infamous “ Piss Christ ” museum exhibit , photos depicting slavery , a statute of a man in underwear from Wellesley , etc .
In addition to concerns about free speech and academic freedom , Banzhaf has been a major critic of the basic unfairness of most campus disciplinary proceedings , and one of their proposals for dealing with the problem has now been reported in the Chronicle of Higher Education , U.S. News , Washington Examiner , New York Times , and National Public Radio .
When dozens of law professors from major universities like Harvard and U. of Penn are publicly criticizing their own schools for violating students ' basis rights to due process and fundamental fairness , perhaps its time for the public – through the media – to become concerned .
Here in the nation 's capital , at a time when many are debating the issue of religious freedom in the abstract , a major university is preparing to expel a student for posting a religious symbol , and effectively ban that symbol and others which might resemble it , from the campus in an obscure proceeding .
JOHN F. BANZHAF III , B.S.E.E. , J.D. , Sc.D .
Professor of Public Interest Law
George Washington University Law School ,
FAMRI Dr. William Cahan Distinguished Professor ,
Fellow , World Technology Network ,
Founder , Action on Smoking and Health ( ASH )
2000 H Street , NW
Washington , DC 20052 , USA
( 202 ) 994-7229 // ( 703 ) 527-8418
http : //banzhaf.net/ @ profbanzhaf
Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah , is urging conservatives to update their messaging to make a fresh appeal to a new generation of voters , who will be won over once they see how conservative principles work best for them and their families .
Speaking on Election Day , before voters knew about a Democratic win in Virginia and the margin of the GOP win in New Jersey , Lee reiterated key tenets from their recent Heritage Foundation address that aimed to chart the way forward for the GOP and a conservative movement wearied by the recent showdown over defunding Obamacare .
Lee told WND the last Republican leader to effectively tailor conservative principles to the present-day concerns of Americans was Ronald Reagan . That was 33 years ago , and Lee points out by the time the next race for the White House concludes , the distance between that day and Reagan 's 1980 landslide will be about the same length of time between Reagan 's win and the D-Day landings in 1944 .
As a result , Lee said it 's time for new messaging . They say the message can include many reform-minded ideas but needs to be anchored in timeless principles .
“ I think that agenda needs to form around two pillars of conservatism , ” they said . “ The whole purpose of conservatism is to protect free markets and to protect the voluntary civil society in our country . Those are the two things that really give security , safety and meaning to community life in America , and those are the two principles that ought to animate all of what we do as conservatives to make sure that we protect those two key components of what our civilization is built around . ”
They said one of the greatest threats to those American cornerstones is the growth and intrusion of government into those organic institutions .
“ We can damage both free markets and the voluntary civil society through excessive government interference , ” Lee explained . “ There are a lot of things we can do to damage them , to weaken them , even to destroy them with government . And once you 've destroyed them , you ca n't just flip a switch and recreate them because government lacks the capacity to do that . ”
They added , “ So a lot of the time , this means looking for ways to get government out of the way so that individuals can do what individuals do best in a free society , which is to form voluntary associations with others . ”
Lee is championing several specific reform policies , including greater choice in higher education , giving employees greater flexibility in trading overtime pay for time off and drastically reducing the federal gas tax while giving state and local authorities greater control over where new roads and lanes are built to bring parents home to their families sooner .
But the hallmark of their agenda is tax reform . Lee would simplify the income tax code down to just two tax brackets . Individuals making less than $ 87 , 850 and couples earning less than $ 175,700 would pay 15 percent in taxes . Americans above those income levels would pay 35 percent . They would also dramatically increase the child tax credit to $ 2,500 per child .
Lee said the tax savings will help families , but they said reforming the system will accomplish something even more important .
“ This also would undo a really pernicious aspect of the existing personal income tax system , which is to say it would get rid of the parent tax penalty that exists in current law , ” Lee said . “ What I mean by that is working parents pay into our senior entitlement programs twice , first when they work and pay their taxes and then again as they raise their children and incur costs at an average of about $ 300,000 to raise a child to maturity . ”
They said , “ Those children grow up and , in turn , will pay taxes that will fund their parents ' generation as they enter these senior entitlement programs as beneficiaries . So my tax plan would offset this parent tax penalty and would make it easier for parents , as they 're raising their children , to get along . ”
What should the Republican Party do now ? Dissolve itself out of existence
Nothing new , stay the course
Get a collective lobotomy
Get rid of the tea-party faction
Get rid of the establishment types who resist the tea party
Allow the tea party more control
Reorganize or give way to the rise of a new party , like the Whigs did before
Embrace the more libertarian values of the Ron Paul revolution
Appeal to a younger generation as Reagan did
Get back to the conservative principles of Reagan
Stop nominating left-leaning Republicans in Name Only
Double down on demonstrating why the Democrats are to blame for problems
Other View Results
Republicans reacted angrily to President Obama 's Monday-afternoon rally with middle-class residents , saying it seemed to them as if they were taking a victory lap for having forced them to concede on tax increases .
Mr. Obama addressed the country from a room at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building Monday afternoon with cheering supporters behind them and in the audience in front of him . The supporters even applauded Mr. Obama 's announcement that taxes would be going up .
SEE RELATED :
Sen. John McCain , Arizona Republican , called it “ a cheerleading rally , ” and Sen. Lindsey Graham , South Carolina Republican , said the president should work toward a deal next time that would have Republicans and Democrats in Congress , not political supporters , standing behind him .
“ Congratulations on your tax-rate increase . You fought hard and won , ” Mr. Graham said on the Senate floor , though they called it a “ hollow victory ” for the president since the deal that is taking shape does not lower spending — and in fact is likely to increase it .
Sen. Dan Coats , an Indiana Republican , said it reminded them of football players taunting their opponents .
“ It 's in-your-face . It was demeaning . It was insulting . It was sad , ” they said .
Mr. Obama addressed the country from a room at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on Monday afternoon with cheering supporters behind them and in the audience in front of him .
During their speech , Mr. Obama took stock of the victory they are on the brink of achieving in forcing the GOP to accept higher tax rates for the wealthiest .
“ Just last month , Republicans in Congress said they would never agree to raise rates , ” the president said .
Mr. Graham said the next fight — already looming over the debt limit — will demand different stagecraft from the president .
“ The next time we meet is going to be around the debt ceiling . And the image I want is not a bunch of people behind the president clapping for him , but members of Congress , Republicans and Democrats , clapping for the president , ” Mr. Graham said .
Latur : In a blistering attack on Narendra Modi , Rahul Gandhi on Monday dubbed the Gujarat model propagated by Narendra Modi as a `` toffee model '' , saying it has benefited only one industrialist in the state , ignoring the interests of the farmers and the poor .
They also said while the BJP talks of empowering women in its election campaign posters , its party activists along with RSS cadres beat up women going to pubs in Mangalore ( Karnataka ) and the Gujarat chief minister uses their powers and police machinery to tap the phone of a woman .
`` Let me tell you about the Gujarat model . Have you heard of ( L K ) Advani . Advani , Jaswant Singh have been sidelined .
`` Now a new neta ( leader ) has emerged . They are Narendra Modi . Earlier , there was a partnership between Atal Bihar Vajpayee and Advani . Now there is partnership between Modi and Adani , '' Rahul said at an election rally here .
`` Land of Aurangabad 's size ... 45,000 acres ... has been given for a mere Rs 300 crore . This is a toffee model , not Gujarat model . For Re 1 , you get a toffee here . There land was sold at Re one per square metre ... it was the land of the poor and the farmers , '' Gandhi said .
They said a loan of Rs 10,000 crore was given to build the Nano car . The amount is more than what is spent on health and education in Gujarat .
Taking a dig at BJP 's campaign posters on empowering women , Gandhi said 20,000 women were `` missing '' in party-ruled Chhattisgarh .
Read : 'Stop your black magic , ' Narendra Modi to Sonia 's 'You are no magician ' jibe
'If my son did what Michael Adebolajo did , I would be happy ' : Hate preacher Omar Bakri Muhammad says they are proud of Lee Rigby killer
Omar Bakri Muhammad said e would be 'happy ' if son killed a soldier
Adebolajo spoke at radical group Al-Muhajiroun 's demonstrations
Muhammad said they did not feel sympathy for Lee Rigby
A hate preacher says they would be 'proud ' if their son killed a man like Lee Rigby 's murderer Michael Adebolajo .
Omar Bakri Muhammad said if their son , who was sitting on their father 's knee during the interview , grew up and killed a soldier they would be 'happy ' .
Adebolajo attended and spoke at the radical group Al-Muhajiroun 's demonstrations after joining the group in 2003 . They also changed their name to Mujahid , meaning ‘ one who engages in jihad ' .
Scroll down for video
'Proud ' : Omar Bakri Muhammad said if their son grew up and did what Adebolajo did they would be 'happy '
Hate preacher : Muhammad is living in Tripoli , Lebanon , because they believed they would be arrested in the UK
Over the following years they cropped up again and again at Islamist events .
Channel 4 News reports Omar Bakri Muhammad , the former leader of Al-Muhajiroun , said they were proud of the killer .
They said : ' I 've got a son , if they did what Michael did I would be happy . '
Muhammad is living in Tripoli , Lebanon , after leaving the UK because they believed they would be arrested .
Son : Muhammad strokes their son 's face as they talk about what they want for their future
They said that Adebolajo , 29 , was a 'quiet , shy person ' looking for answers .
Muhammad said they did not feel sympathy for Lee Rigby and was 'proud ' of what Adebolajo did .
The interview provoked criticism from people on Twitter who said Channel 4 should not be giving the preacher 'oxygen ' .
Former MP Tony McNulty said : 'C4 interview with Omar Bakri Mohammed just disgraceful - why give this idiot any oxygen of publicity at all - total puff interview . Woeful . '
The journalist who recorded the interview , Paraic O'Brien , replied : 'Disagree . Their inability to engage with LeeRigby as a human/Dad told us lots about the radical mindset . '
They also added : 'Thanks for all feedback.I know many disagree but I felt Bakri 's inability to engage with personal tragedy & their online reach = newsworthy . '
As Adebolajo was convicted of murder , they refused to show any remorse .
During the trial , they told Lee Rigby 's family how they will never regret killing the fusilier because they are a ‘ soldier of Allah ' .
Omar Bakri Muhammad ( right ) said Adebolajo , who murdered soldier Lee Rigby ( left ) , was a 'quiet , shy person ' looking for answers . Muhammad said they did not feel sympathy for Lee Rigby and was 'proud ' of Adebolajo
Michael Adebowale ( left ) and Michael Adebolajo ( right ) were convicted of the murder of Lee Rigby after a trial
Adebolajo kissed the Koran when they and Adebowale were convicted of murdering Fusilier Rigby at the end of an astonishing four-week Old Bailey trial .
The victim 's parents , estranged wife and fiancée were overcome with emotion as the jury of eight women and four men returned their verdicts in just 90 minutes .
Their mother Lyn and sister Sara sobbed as others hugged .
Mr Justice Sweeney told of their gratitude and admiration for the soldier 's family who , they said , had shown great dignity throughout the most harrowing of evidence .
In September , Ketzel Levine , a senior correspondent for National Public Radio , came up with an idea for a series about how Americans were handling economic pressure . Called “ American Moxie : How We Get By , ” it began in early December . The subjects were people like an Illinois farmer who loved tending to their cows , but was having to sell them . “ My idea was to look at how we adjust , how we change , what we have to dig deep and find in order to do what it takes to get by , and that 's where moxie came in , ” Ms. Levine said .
Ms. Levine and their editor did n't want a series of unconnected stories . “ We came up with the idea that each person should be connected with the next somehow , and that was the best part for me , ” they said . “ I 'd go on a story and have absolutely no idea what the next story would be — I 'd have to find it while I was there . ”
But there was an unexpected ending . Midway through their reporting , Ms. Levine found out that they had been laid off as part of a 64-employee cut at NPR .
Photo
Ms. Levine , who has worked at NPR since 1977 , said they decided the final episode , and their final piece for NPR , should be about their own situation .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ellen McDonnell , the director of morning programming , was not immediately sold on the idea . “ I had some natural hesitation , ” they said . “ As a reporter , you never want the story to be about you. ” At the same time , they said : “ I also recognized a very unique opportunity for Ketzel to tell a story that lots of people can relate to . They found out in a very personal way what it 's like to have to start over again and to have that moxie they spoke about . ”
Imagine this scenario : your company is growing rapidly and you 're hiring tons of engineers . The passwords to many of your servers are stored in plaintext in configuration files — everyone has access to them . Your main database – the one with all the user data – is available to anyone who has that file .
You fire an engineer . Now what ? They know the passwords to everything . Do you trust him ? What if you 're firing them because he 's just a bad egg ? What can you do ?
Well , you could change the passwords on every single server… but that 's a huge pain in the ass for everyone involved . Luckily , there 's a solution for this problem , one that comes with quite a few other benefits as well : you set up a VPN .
What is OpenVPN ?
OpenVPN is open-source software that allows you to set up a Virtual Private Network . Basically , it allows you to treat remote servers as if they were on your internal network . This gives you fine-grained control over everyone who has access to your systems .
Each computer that has access to the VPN is a “ client ” , and they each have their own certificate . If you want to remove someone 's access to your network , you just revoke their certificate . It only takes a few seconds , and boom – problem solved . The engineer you fired ca n't access the MySQL server even if they know the password because it 's only accessible via the VPN .
The Situation
At Mixpanel we use the Rackspace Cloud for hosting , so this guide ( as you may have guessed from the title ) will be written from that perspective .
Servers hosted at Rackspace come with two interfaces by default : the Public interface ( eth0 ) , which is accessible from the internet , and the Private interface ( eth1 , also known as Rackspace ServiceNet ) that is used from intercommunication between your own servers . Bandwidth on the private interface is unmetered ( read : free ) and actually uses a whole different ethernet port than the public interface .
The Plan
Our first goal in setting up the server is to secure the codebase . To do this we need to do two things :
Set up the OpenVPN server and generate clients Update the firewall on your other servers to block external connections and only allow connections via OpenVPN or the local network
After accomplishing ( 2 ) our infrastructure should resemble this diagram :
Basically , your whole setup will be walled off from the internet except for the servers that really need to be able to communicate with the outside world , namely the vpn server and your actual web servers . All communication between servers should happen over the private network , since it 's both cheaper and more secure .
Setting up the server
Helpful links :
The OpenVPN HOWTO is quite comprehensive and useful . It should be the first thing you read :
http : //openvpn.net/index.php/open-source/documentation/howto.html
If you get stuck , this wiki is helpful – particularly these pages :
Setup
1 . Install OpenVPN :
sudo aptitude install openvpn 1 sudo aptitude install openvpn
This will put a bunch of files in /usr/share/doc/openvpn/ , but you should make a copy so that your modifications do n't get lost in a software update ( see next step )
2 . Copy the examples folder to /etc/openvpn/ :
cd /usr/share/doc/openvpn/examples & & sudo cp * /etc/openvpn/ 1 cd / usr / share / doc / openvpn / examples & & sudo cp * / etc / openvpn /
3 . Follow the HOWTO . It will walk you through the rest of the steps , which I will go over briefly .
First we need to build the key signing infrastructure and the initial server keys . ( Tip : do this as root , otherwise too many sudo )
cd /etc/openvpn/easy-rsa/2.0 vim vars # edit vars at the bottom to say whatever . ./vars # Source those vars you just edited ./clean-all # Remove any existing keys ( none if this is fresh , but do it anyway ) ./build-ca # Build the certificate authority key/cert ./build-key-server server # Build server.key and server.crt ./build-dh # Still not sure what this is , Diffie Hellman parameters . Apparently required . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 cd / etc / openvpn / easy - rsa / 2.0 vim vars # edit vars at the bottom to say whatever . . / vars # Source those vars you just edited . / clean - all # Remove any existing keys ( none if this is fresh , but do it anyway ) . / build - ca # Build the certificate authority key/cert . / build - key - server server # Build server.key and server.crt . / build - dh # Still not sure what this is , Diffie Hellman parameters . Apparently required .
Then we can build client keys – basically one for each computer that will connect to the VPN is a client . I plan on using employee emails as client names , but you can use any unique naming scheme .
Just run the following command once for each client , replacing clientname with the name of your choice 🙂
./build-key clientname # This will save files in /etc/openvpn/easy-rsa/2.0/keys 1 . / build - key clientname # This will save files in /etc/openvpn/easy-rsa/2.0/keys
Your server needs to retain clientname.crt , and the client needs both clientname.key and clientname.crt to be able to connect .
Before we go any further , let 's set up the server.conf – create a server.conf file at /etc/openvpn/server.conf and paste in the following code :
port 1194 proto udp dev tun # Keys we generated earlier ca /etc/openvpn/easy-rsa/2.0/keys/ca.crt cert /etc/openvpn/easy-rsa/2.0/keys/server.crt key /etc/openvpn/easy-rsa/2.0/keys/server.key # This file should be kept secret dh /etc/openvpn/easy-rsa/2.0/keys/dh1024.pem # This will be the internal tun0 connection IP - choose whatever you want server 10.37.73.0 255.255.255.0 ifconfig-pool-persist ipp.txt # This will send all of a client 's 10.x.x.x traffic through the VPN push `` route 10.0.0.0 255.0.0.0 '' keepalive 10 120 # Compression - MUST be turned on at both ends . Should be an option on client side as well comp-lzo persist-key persist-tun # Prevent revoked certificates from accessing vpn crl-verify easy-rsa/2.0/keys/crl.pem status log/openvpn-status.log # Verbose , good for testing . Switch to 3 in production . verb 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 port 1194 proto udp dev tun # Keys we generated earlier ca / etc / openvpn / easy - rsa / 2.0 / keys / ca .crt cert / etc / openvpn / easy - rsa / 2.0 / keys / server .crt key / etc / openvpn / easy - rsa / 2.0 / keys / server .key # This file should be kept secret dh / etc / openvpn / easy - rsa / 2.0 / keys / dh1024 .pem # This will be the internal tun0 connection IP - choose whatever you want server 10.37.73.0 255.255.255.0 ifconfig - pool - persist ipp .txt # This will send all of a client 's 10.x.x.x traffic through the VPN push `` route 10.0.0.0 255.0.0.0 '' keepalive 10 120 # Compression - MUST be turned on at both ends . Should be an option on client side as well comp - lzo persist - key persist - tun # Prevent revoked certificates from accessing vpn crl - verify easy - rsa / 2.0 / keys / crl .pem status log / openvpn - status .log # Verbose , good for testing . Switch to 3 in production . verb 6
Next , try running the server – sudo openvpn server.conf . It should run , and you should be able to connect from a client , but it wo n't forward traffic across the network yet .
To do that , you need to set up IP forwarding – this is required to route traffic to other nodes :
# temporary solution echo 1 > /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward # permanent solution vim /etc/sysctl.conf # uncomment net.ipv4.ip_forward = 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 # temporary solution echo 1 > / proc / sys / net / ipv4 / ip_forward # permanent solution vim / etc / sysctl .conf # uncomment net.ipv4.ip_forward = 1
The final step is to set up your iptables rules for the vpn server . The most critical rule ( and a curiously underdocumented one ) applies to the NAT table – it will rewrite the packets that come through the vpn with the vpn 's ip address before passing them along . If you do n't do this , the origin address on the packets is 10.37.73.XX , which the other servers on your network do n't know how to handle .
The important one is :
# Masquerade local subnet - run this on your VPN server . iptables -t nat -A POSTROUTING -s $ PRIVATE -o eth1 -j MASQUERADE 1 2 # Masquerade local subnet - run this on your VPN server . iptables - t nat - A POSTROUTING - s $ PRIVATE - o eth1 - j MASQUERADE
Here 's a sample iptables ruleset for your VPN server :
* filter # Set default policies -P OUTPUT ACCEPT -P INPUT DROP -P FORWARD DROP # Prevent external packets from using loopback addr -A INPUT -i eth0 -s 127.0.0.1 -j DROP -A FORWARD -i eth0 -s 127.0.0.1 -j DROP -A INPUT -i eth0 -d 127.0.0.1 -j DROP -A FORWARD -i eth0 -d 127.0.0.1 -j DROP # Check source address validity on packets going out to internet -A FORWARD -s ! 10.0.0.0/8 -i eth1 -j DROP # Allow local loopback -A INPUT -s 127.0.0.1 -j ACCEPT -A INPUT -d 127.0.0.1 -j ACCEPT # Allow incoming pings ( can be disabled ) -A INPUT -p icmp -- icmp-type echo-request -j ACCEPT # Allow services such as www and ssh ( can be disabled ) -A INPUT -p tcp -- dport ssh -j ACCEPT # Allow incoming OpenVPN packets -A INPUT -p udp -- dport 1194 -j ACCEPT -A INPUT -i tun+ -j ACCEPT -A FORWARD -i tun+ -j ACCEPT # Allow packets from private subnets -A INPUT -i eth1 -j ACCEPT -A FORWARD -i eth1 -j ACCEPT # Keep state of connections from local machine and private subnets -A OUTPUT -m state -- state NEW -o eth0 -j ACCEPT -A INPUT -m state -- state ESTABLISHED , RELATED -j ACCEPT -A FORWARD -m state -- state NEW -o eth0 -j ACCEPT -A FORWARD -m state -- state ESTABLISHED , RELATED -j ACCEPT # log iptables denied calls -A INPUT -m limit -- limit 5/min -j LOG -- log-prefix `` iptables denied : `` -- log-level 7 # Reject all others inbound - default deny unless explicitly allowed policy -A INPUT -j REJECT -A FORWARD -j REJECT COMMIT * nat # Masquerade local subnet -t nat -A POSTROUTING -s 10.0.0.0/8 -o eth1 -j MASQUERADE COMMIT 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 * filter # Set default policies - P OUTPUT ACCEPT - P INPUT DROP - P FORWARD DROP # Prevent external packets from using loopback addr - A INPUT - i eth0 - s 127.0.0.1 - j DROP - A FORWARD - i eth0 - s 127.0.0.1 - j DROP - A INPUT - i eth0 - d 127.0.0.1 - j DROP - A FORWARD - i eth0 - d 127.0.0.1 - j DROP # Check source address validity on packets going out to internet - A FORWARD - s ! 10.0.0.0 / 8 - i eth1 - j DROP # Allow local loopback - A INPUT - s 127.0.0.1 - j ACCEPT - A INPUT - d 127.0.0.1 - j ACCEPT # Allow incoming pings ( can be disabled ) - A INPUT - p icmp -- icmp - type echo - request - j ACCEPT # Allow services such as www and ssh ( can be disabled ) - A INPUT - p tcp -- dport ssh - j ACCEPT # Allow incoming OpenVPN packets - A INPUT - p udp -- dport 1194 - j ACCEPT - A INPUT - i tun + - j ACCEPT - A FORWARD - i tun + - j ACCEPT # Allow packets from private subnets - A INPUT - i eth1 - j ACCEPT - A FORWARD - i eth1 - j ACCEPT # Keep state of connections from local machine and private subnets - A OUTPUT - m state -- state NEW - o eth0 - j ACCEPT - A INPUT - m state -- state ESTABLISHED , RELATED - j ACCEPT - A FORWARD - m state -- state NEW - o eth0 - j ACCEPT - A FORWARD - m state -- state ESTABLISHED , RELATED - j ACCEPT # log iptables denied calls - A INPUT - m limit -- limit 5 / min - j LOG -- log - prefix `` iptables denied : `` -- log - level 7 # Reject all others inbound - default deny unless explicitly allowed policy - A INPUT - j REJECT - A FORWARD - j REJECT COMMIT * nat # Masquerade local subnet - t nat - A POSTROUTING - s 10.0.0.0 / 8 - o eth1 - j MASQUERADE COMMIT
If you save this file as /etc/iptables.up.rules on the vpn server , and call sudo iptables-restore < /etc/iptables.up.rules then you should have a fully functional vpn server . If you connect to it , you should be able to ping your other servers by their internal ip addresses from your local computer .
At this point we do n't have the rest of the network blocked off , but that 's the next step . Broadly , you will want to update the iptables firewall on all of your servers to restrict to a set of IP addresses that you own . The rules will look something like this :
# Only allow eth1 from these IPs . -A INPUT -i eth1 -s 10.177.160.190 -j ACCEPT -A INPUT -i eth1 -s 10.176.143.1 -j ACCEPT # ... continue , 1 line per IP # Reject all other ips -A INPUT -i eth1 -j REJECT 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 # Only allow eth1 from these IPs . - A INPUT - i eth1 - s 10.177.160.190 - j ACCEPT - A INPUT - i eth1 - s 10.176.143.1 - j ACCEPT # ... continue , 1 line per IP # Reject all other ips - A INPUT - i eth1 - j REJECT
I 'll go into more detail on this part of the process in my next post . For now , you should enjoy your fully functioning OpenVPN server !
The New Democrats have finally tipped their hand on the minimum wage , almost a month after the minority Liberals unveiled a plan to hike the hourly rate to $ 11 . NDP Leader Andrea Horwath said Tuesday their party would also like to see the wage raised from $ 10.25 to $ 11 .
Andrea Horwath 's NDP has been strangely silent on the minimum wage in recent weeks . ( Richard J. Brennan / Toronto Star file photo ) Labour Minister Yasir Naqvi tabled legislation Tuesday tying future increases in the minimum wage to the consumer price index . The NDP would need to support the measure for it to become law . ( Robert Benzie / Toronto Star )
While the Liberals want future increases pegged to inflation , Horwath differed slightly , urging the wage go to $ 11.50 an hour on June 1 , 2015 , and $ 12 an hour one year later . That falls well short of the $ 14 an hour that many anti-poverty activists have been demanding . At the same time , the NDP wants small business tax rates cut from 4.5 per cent to 4 per cent this June , 3.5 per cent in 2015 , and 3 per cent in 2016 .
Article Continued Below
“ We know that the minimum wage needs to increase . We want to make sure that those increases do n't come at too sharp or steep of a rate so that small businesses will be negatively impacted , ” said Horwath . “ That is why we put this very balanced plan forward , ” they said at Queen 's Park . Even though the New Democrats had campaigned on an $ 11-an-hour minimum wage in the 2011 election , the party has been strangely silent on the matter since Premier Kathleen Wynne pledged the same rate on Jan. 29 . Labour Minister Yasir Naqvi formalized that wage on Tuesday , announcing a regulation had been changed to raise it to $ 11 per hour as of June 1 . Naqvi also tabled legislation tying future increases to the consumer price index and then rounding them out to the nearest nickel . If the rate stays at around 1 per cent , that would mean next year 's wage would be $ 11.10 .
“ Every year there will be an increase in the minimum wage based on the cost of living , ” the minister said , adding tying to CPI is “ predictable ” for business . They urged the New Democrats to support a measure the Progressive Conservatives oppose . If the NDP does not , the wage would remain at $ 11 an hour after June 1 .
Article Continued Below
For their part , Horwath also toned down the election rhetoric that has seized Queen 's Park since MPPs returned from the winter break last Tuesday . Them party kept Wynne 's minority Liberals alive Tuesday in procedural supply motions that were votes of confidence in the government . The motions passed 65-35 with only the Tories wanting to topple the Grits . “ New Democrats are not Republican Americans , ” said Horwath , referring to right-wing lawmakers stateside who routinely take Washington to the brink over money-supply legislation . “ These are routine motions . We take our responsibilities seriously . If we were to vote down these motions , literally Elections Ontario would n't have the money to put on an election . We are certainly not going to throw the government of this province into chaos. ” It remains unclear whether the New Democrats will continue to prop up the Liberals when Finance Minister Charles Sousa tables their budget in late March or early April . But there are other indicators the third party is not as keen as the Conservatives to hit the hustings . Last Thursday , the Star asked the Liberals , Tories , Greens , and NDP for lists of nominated candidates . Only the NDP has yet to provide that information . New Democrat officials said it would not be available until next week at the earliest . That suggests a lack of election readiness compared to the other three parties .
Read more about :
Share . Optimus Prime beats Superman . Optimus Prime beats Superman .
The Madden NFL 15 cover athlete has been revealed . Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman will grace the cover this year .
Sherman , who is the third defensive player to ever earn a cover , beat out Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton and a number of other famous athletes for the spot . Chicago Bears wideout Alshon Jeffery , New Orleans Saints tight end Jimmy Graham , and the San Francisco 49ers ' quarterback Colin Kaepernick were all included in the Madden NFL 15 cover vote . Throughout the campaign , 9.6 million football fans voted for their favorite athletes .
`` Winning the cover is a kid 's dream come true , '' Sherman told ESPN . `` I would never be in the position without my fellow Legion of Boom members and teammates . ''
In addition to revealing Sherman as the cover athlete , EA also released the first gameplay video of Madden NFL 15 today , which you can watch below .
Exit Theatre Mode
Madden NFL 15 will introduce new pass rush moves , an intuitive tackling system , improved coverage logic , new camera angles , and a crowd-sourced recommendation engine which allows fans to call plays .
More Madden NFL 15 details will be unveiled at this year 's E3 , so stay tuned to IGN for more details .
Leah B. Jackson is both an Associate Editor at IGN and Corgi megafan , and not necessarily in that order . Follow them on Twitter and MyIGN !
What 's coming in Meteor 1.2 , and beyond
Matt DeBergalis Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 29 , 2015
Since the Meteor 1.0 release last year , there 's been an incredible pace of innovation in the JavaScript ecosystem , with exciting work in reactive rendering and mobile development taking shape , and a new language specification landing just this month . No other language is moving as quickly or is as well positioned for modern web and mobile app development . Our goal has always been to build the best possible JavaScript application platform , and we 're excited about the next step in that quest to integrate the best parts of the ecosystem and orient them around a modern application architecture , making the best way to build full stack apps in JavaScript .
We 've also seen thousands of new Meteor apps since 1.0 , and heard from many of you about what you 're most excited about and what would be most helpful . So here 's what we 're focusing on in Meteor 1.2 :
Universal JavaScript : Adopting ECMAScript 2015 ( aka ES6 )
ECMAScript 2015 , also known as ES6 , is going to be huge for the JavaScript community and for JavaScript adoption . The new version of the language is “ the best JavaScript we 've ever had , ” with classes , block scoping , and many other additions . We 're excited that it will bring many new developers to JavaScript by addressing the objections that developers from other backgrounds sometimes raise .
We think anyone writing an app in JavaScript should be using ES2015 . So we are making ES2015 the official JavaScript of the Meteor platform . Our goal is to make Meteor the best way to use ES2015 , and to provide a seamless ES2015 experience across the whole platform and across the client and the server . Meteor 1.2 will be the first step in making that seamless development experience : we 're adding support for all its features except for modules , automatically transpiling JS files with Babel so they work on all of Meteor 's supported devices and browsers , and changing all our examples and documentation to ES2015 .
We hope that you 'll make the switch to ES2015 today , especially given how easy this new support makes it . It really is a huge improvement on JavaScript . But if you 're not ready to switch , or want to transition your codebase gradually , you 'll have that option . You can write some parts of your app in ES2015 , some parts without , and adopt ES2015 at your own pace .
Special thanks to Ben Newman , Meteor core developer and Ecma TC39 standards committee member , for their leadership in this area .
Reactive Rendering : First-class support for Angular and React
Users expect a reactive and responsive app experience , so it 's not surprising there is significant excitement in reactive rendering frameworks and growing momentum behind options like Angular and React . This is great news for developers using JavaScript , and we want to ensure whether you 're using Blaze , React , or Angular you have a great experience with Meteor .
Meteor goes with Angular/React like peanut butter goes with jelly . Reactive rendering is only part of the solution for a fully reactive app with an ‘ Optimistic UI ' . Meteor provides everything else that you need to build a complete app , from secure server logic , to a full-stack reactive data system , to PhoneGap build support . And unlike BaaS options , it 's open source .
So Angular and React are joining Blaze as official , supported view layers for Meteor . In fact , the official Meteor tutorial is already available in both Blaze and Angular editions , with React coming soon . For more information on the Angular integration , see the Angular Meteor site . For more on React + Meteor , see our Getting started with React in Meteor page and Sashko 's forum post .
Developer Experience : Faster and more flexible build pipeline
We are always focused on ensuring a great developer experience , which means having a great toolchain . For 1.2 , we 're working on making Meteor 's build toolchain faster and more flexible .
Faster is about supporting bigger , more complicated apps , plus ensuring we can accommodate advanced JS build tasks like ES2015 and JSX . And we 're building a sophisticated caching system , so even if there is lots of transpiling happening , Meteor does the minimum number of build steps to get your app up to date .
More flexible is about deeper , richer hooks into the build process for plugin authors . This opens up new opportunities for package authors to extend Meteor , like an awesomely integrated way to do custom Bootstrap builds right from inside your Meteor codebase , or linters ( code style checkers ) that you drop into your app just by adding a package . It also allows us to fix a long-standing limitation with LESS includes that required an awkward workaround .
This toolchain work is n't always the most glamorous work , but often has some of the most striking impact in delivering a complete end-to-end solution that takes care of all of the details and works right out of the box , and the great experience that comes with that .
Timeframe for Meteor 1.2
Meteor 1.2 will ship later this summer . Along the way , you can see our progress and try the new features by following our PRs on GitHub and checking in on the Meteor forums .
Considering the road ahead
Beyond what 's in the box for Meteor 1.2 , there are many other areas of focus that we 're investigating .
Integration
SQL . Official SQL support opens up Meteor to another large population of developers . Expect SQL support to be released incrementally , starting with SQL ` observeChanges ` and building up to Meteor 's customary full-stack treatment .
REST and microservices patterns . We 'll be looking into better ways of working with data that is coming out of existing backend services . This may take the form of core features or it may take the form of connector packages and pattern guidance .
Application Architecture
Building up the stack . We 'll be pulling features such as routing into core and taking a more opinionated stance on how to structure large Meteor apps . These opinions will be optional but available for teams that want them . Our approach here is to look at package popularity on Atmosphere and the production codebases of Meteor Developer Subscription customers , and “ pave the cowpaths ” — while also providing any necessary new features that would make life easier .
ES15 modules . We will replace Meteor 's homegrown , pre-ES15 namespacing system with shiny , modern ES15 modules . We 're going to try to do this in a way that preserves Rails-style “ do what I mean ” automatic symbol resolution for developers that want it , while also allowing strict , explicit control of namespacing in situations where that is preferable .
Testing improvements . We plan to move Velocity into core and simplify and streamline it .
Mobile advances . There are many exciting possibilities in the mobile build toolchain , from new technologies like React Native to a wide range of tooling opportunities relating to cross-platform building and debugging .
With your help , we 'll have more to say about these over the coming months .
Getting involved
We want to hear from you . Please let us know what you think on the Meteor forums and chime in on Meteor PRs . The best way to explore most new ideas is to publish an Atmosphere package ; check in on the forums to let everyone know what you 're writing and see what others think .
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( I-Vt. ) gave a succinct review of the Congressional Budget Office 's ( CBO ) new score for the House-passed Republican health care bill .
`` What a disgrace , '' they tweeted Wednesday afternoon , minutes after the nonpartisan agency announced that the measure would leave 23 million more Americans uninsured .
What a disgrace . — Bernie Sanders ( @ SenSanders ) May 24 , 2017
The new projections fell largely in line with projections for the first iteration of the bill , which was scored in March . But Republicans and Democrats had been awaiting Wednesday 's analysis for the amended bill , which the House decided to vote on before the CBO finished its report .
Democrats have hammered Republicans over the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) , and Wednesday 's report fanned the flames of their criticism .
On top of the number of Americans losing insurance , which is a million lower in the second iteration of the bill than the first , Democrats are also lamenting that the bill allows insurers charge people with pre-existing conditions more , which the CBO said could lead to premiums so high that people lose their care .
The report also found that the bill would decrease the deficit by $ 119 billion over 10 years , which is less deficit reduction than the bill 's first score offered .
The AHCA passed the House and is now being worked on by the Senate , where many Republicans have pronounced it dead-on-arrival and are instead working on their own health care bill to send back to the House .
‘ Norwegian Blobs ' sounds more like something one might find floating in a traditional Nordic seafood stew , but they 're actually scarier than that . Experienced divers swimming off the western coast of Norway have reported encountering mysterious one meter ( 3.3 feet ) wide jelly-ish blobs that neither they nor the scientists they 've shown the pictures to can identify . Eggs ? Aliens ? Something new to toss into the fiskesuppe when one tires of smalahove ( boiled sheep 's head ) ?
“ If we could only get a little tissue sample from one of the objects we have free help lined up to make a genetic analysis . ”
It 's nearly always a bad sign when divers are afraid to bring up samples of the latest strange creature they 've discovered , but scientists like Professor Gro I. van der Meeren from the Institute of Marine Research in Bergen are frustrated in their efforts to identify the blobs … and concerned because the giant balls of jelly are now being reported off the coasts of Sweden , Alaska and Turkey .
“ Divers have seen more of them this summer than ever . ”
The blobs – translucent except for a dark streak through their center — have been seen before but are extremely rare . Why are there so many this year ? That 's just one of the questions a glob of blob on a microscope slide would answer , but ScienceNordic reports that Professor van der Meeren and their fellow researchers have no funds for dives . They 're asking any divers – amateur or professional – who sees one of these mysterious blobs to cut off a piece , put it in a plastic bag , freeze it and contact them for a pickup . ( [ email protected ] )
Yeah , right . Stick a knife in a large mysterious underwater creature that no one can identify ? You first .
Without a sample , van der Meeren can simply speculate . One guess is that the blobs are egg sacs from the equally mysterious giant squid ( Architeuthis ) but they doubt that these deep sea creatures that live thousands of meters beneath the surface would come so close to the shore just to lay eggs . Plus , their egg sacs are much smaller than these blobs .
Could the blobs be egg sacks from an unknown cephalopod ? That 's a possibility . An embryo from inside one of the blobs would be great , says Michael Vecchione , an invertebrate zoologist at the Smithsonian Institution .
“ It could be an egg mass , or something completely different , but we just do n't know at this point until we get some more detailed observations . ”
Something completely different ? Like an alien ? No one is saying it is , but no one is saying it is n't . Just something to think about as you hold your plastic bag in one hand , your Norwegian army knife in the other and face a mysterious giant blob that may be an egg guarded by It 's really big mama .
When Beyoncé is working on a new album , they keep pictures of Kim Kardashian on the wall to inspire them — that 's according to Kardashian 's husband Kanye West .
In a characteristically candid interview with Power 105.1 's The Breakfast Club , Kanye said that Beyoncé takes inspiration from images of their wife because “ Kim represents powerful women . ”
They added that the two women love and respect each other , and have a relationship with a “ LeBron James-Kobe [ Bryant ] element to it . ”
That was n't all they opened up about . On the subject of Kim 's notorious Paper magazine cover , Kanye said representation of their body type is an important precedent to set for younger generations : “ My daughter has a chance of being shaped like my wife , so … between this age and the age when she 's like that , I 'm gon na be fighting for that shape to be considered the highest of class … or at least equal to what someone looks at a skinny model for . ”
See Kim Kardashian 's Most Memorable Magazine Covers Terry Richardson—Rolling Stone Jean-Paul Goude—Paper Annie Leibovitz—Vogue Nick Knight—L'Officiel Hommes Nick Knight—V Magazine Mark Seliger—W Magazine YRB Kurv Complex Prestige New York Magazine 1 of 11 Advertisement
Kanye said they were surprised to enjoy the Beck album , which they recently criticized when it beat out Beyoncé for Album of the Year at the Grammys ; they heard it playing during their dinner with Taylor Swift , they said . Meanwhile , they mentioned that he 's been meaning to call Beck about the incident , but just keeps forgetting .
They also noted that their next album is “ 80 % done ” and will get a surprise release , adding that the music will address police brutality — a subject they say he 's avoided based on advice from their father .
[ Power 105.1 ]
Read next : What Kanye West Can Learn From the Olsen Twins
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Listen to the most important stories of the day .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
EPA officials and the United States Army have announced a new regulation pertaining to the Clean Water Act . The Clean Water Rule clarification details exactly what types of bodies of water fall under the stringent protections enacted by the federal government . The new rules will reportedly apply to 60 percent of waters in the United States .
Supporters of the Clean Water Act – Clean Water Rule feel the measures are necessary to protect waterways and the environment . Opponents to the hefty new regulations are concerned that property rights and states ' rights will be infringed upon .
The Clean Water Rule release is reportedly intended to “ add some clarity ” to two Clean Water Act Supreme Court decisions , from 2001 and 2006 . The U.S. Supreme Court rulings are believed to have produced confusion relating to exactly what type of waters the Environmental Protection Agency can regulate under the Clean Water Act .
The joint EPA and U.S. Army release states that the federal government has “ jurisdiction over tributaries that show physical features of flowing water as well as water that is within a certain proximity to rivers , lake and tributaries . ”
The Clean Water Act and the newly proposed EPA regulations mean that pond and streams located on private property could soon be controlled not by the landowners that pay taxes on the property , but the federal government agency .
The controversial Clean Water Act has been deemed nothing more than water rights power grab by some Americans . The EPA mandates could ultimately permit the federal government to control streams , ditches , gullies , and low spots where just a little bit of water collects on a seasonal basis .
An EPA water regulations proposal announced last September reportedly stated that streams of any size regardless of their “ size or how frequently they flow , ” would be fall under the control of the government if they are either “ connected to or have an impact on ” downstream waters .
Jo-Ellen Darcy , assistant secretary of the Army for civil works , said there are now “ physical , measurable limits ” pertaining to bodies of water close to those that are protected by the Clean Water Act .
The Clean Water Rule states that “ an adjacent body of water is protected if it is within what is known as the 100-year flood plain ” or an area that has a “ 1 percent chance of flooding each year but is not more than 1,500 feet from a waterway covered under the Clean Water Act , ” Darcy noted . The Army civil works representative also said that the Clean Water Act will not apply to formations like ditches , where there is not a “ consistent flow of water . ”
“ The final rule does n't create any new permitting requirements for agriculture , maintains all previous exemptions and exclusions , and even adds exclusions for features like artificial lakes and ponds , water-filled depressions from construction , and grass swales — all to make clear our goal is to stay out of agriculture 's way , ” Darcy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy stated in a jointly penned release .
Oklahoma Senator Jim Inhofe , who is also the chair of the Senate 's Environment And Public Works Committee , criticized the expansiveness of the Clean Water Act – Clean Water Rule .
“ Despite their assurances , it appears that EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers have failed to keep their promises to Congress and the American people . In fact , instead of fixing the overreach in the proposed rule , remarkably , EPA has made it even broader . ”
President Barack Obama said the Clean Water Rule would help make sure polluters are held accountable for their actions .
“ One in three Americans now gets drinking water from streams lacking clear protection , and businesses and industries that depend on clean water face uncertainty and delay , which costs our economy every day . Too many of our waters have been left vulnerable to pollution . This rule will provide the clarity and certainty businesses and industry need about which waters are protected by the Clean Water Act , and it will ensure polluters who knowingly threaten our waters can be held accountable . “
The House of Representatives has passed legislation to block the rule and the Senate is reportedly considering legislation that would mandate the EPA change the clean water rule .
What do you think about the Clean Water Act and the Clean Water Rule ?
[ Image via : Shutterstock.com ]
Goodell has their defenders , including team owners , but even they express dismay that their disciplinary decisions have become a lightning rod and sometimes distracted from the game .
“ I think it 's largely due to the social-media age and the fact that they had some high-profile cases and admittedly made some mistakes , ” John Mara , an owner of the Giants , said of the attention Goodell receives . “ And he 's become an easy target because of the money they make . It 's almost gotten to the point where no matter what they do , they face an avalanche of a criticism . ”
Still , Mara and many other owners said that they supported Goodell 's approach and , contrary to what some of the commissioner 's critics have said , insisted that they had not acted impulsively , but rather in the best interests of the league .
“ Once they make up their mind , they certainly have a strong opinion on things , ” said Art Rooney II , an owner of the Steelers . “ But I do n't think he 's someone who is n't seeking input . ”
Goodell and their deputies are unapologetic .
“ The whole reason you have a commissioner in any sport , the most fundamental reason for that office , is to protect the integrity of the game , ” said Jeff Pash , the N.F.L . 's top lawyer . The job of the commissioner , they added , is to make sure that fans “ are rooting and supporting financially and emotionally for a game that is clean , that is honest , cares about fans and cares about the people who play the game . ”
Labor-management tension has long been a feature of the N.F.L. , though .
In the 1970s and 1980s , players walked off the job several times to win concessions like free agency . By the 1990s , Tagliabue and the union chief at the time , Gene Upshaw , found common ground more often than not . In 2006 , the players won what was widely perceived as the upper hand when the two sides renewed their collective bargaining agreement .
Shane Byrne is aiming to mark their 300th race start in BSB in style at Oulton Park and has been given extra confidence in their Be Wiser Ducati after a productive in-season test .
Due to restrictions at the Cheshire track the Ducati machines were unable to test with the rest of the BSB paddock and as a result Byrne , along with Be Wiser Ducati team-mate Glenn Irwin , enjoyed a private day of testing at Knockhill .
The pair continued to refine the factory-supported Ducati Panigale R into a race-winning package after Byrne narrowly missed out on victory in the 2016 season opener at Silverstone three weeks ago .
Byrne 's two second place finishes at the Northamptonshire circuit gave them the championship lead after round one - as well as a healthy helping of podium credits looking ahead to the Showdown - and the four-time champion is keen to add to those on their 300th outing in BSB .
`` Paul [ Bird , team owner ] booked us a private test up at Knockhill and it was probably one of the nicest days I 've ever seen in Scotland , '' Byrne said . `` The test was great and enabled us to continue working on the Panigale , concentrating hard on throttle connection and mapping .
`` There was only us there meaning we were n't confined to sessions with other riders and we never drove ourselves mad to set the bike specifically for Knockhill . But even so , our lap times were good and I 'm really looking forward to Oulton Park and with my 300th start in BSB this weekend . I hope to make it a memorable weekend and continue our strong start to the season . ''
With 68 BSB wins in 299 races , Byrne is naturally targeting the top step of the rostrum at the Cheshire track to grab an early championship advantage in their bid for an unprecedented fifth BSB title .
`` People should n't take anything away from me or my team , we want to win many more races than we have in any other year and I want to win title at the end of the season , '' they said . `` I know I am not going to do that by dolloping around in fifth or sixth place so we 'll do all we possibly can to ensure that we can at least maintain the momentum we 've started with so far .
`` We had two second place finishes at Silverstone which was a really , really good start for us so if we can come out that strong for the first round and maintain that level or even better with wins , then we can really get the season kick-started at Oulton Park . ''
I appreciate that they are an acquired taste , but I watched a video from former IGN employee and co-founder of Kinda Funny , Colin Moriarty called ‘ Colin was right ' with the topic being politics in video games .
The video came about after a fan tweeted to The Last Of Us writer Neil Druckmann that they were looking forward to Part II but hoped they would keep their personal views out of the game . Neil responded saying this was impossible , because all writers use their own views as inspiration for their work .
In the video they argue that video games should look to explore different political viewpoints more and that these days people can be too easily offended when games explore topics , not necessarily political ones , that do n't agree with their viewpoint . I have to say I agree with him , games should explore other political views as it could lead to more interesting stories and it does n't mean we have to agree with them , in fact it could lead to people 's opinions being challenged which I believe can be a healthy thing .
The example Colin uses is BioShock , they said they have always been a fan of the philosophies of Ayn Rand , whose themes are quite strong in BioShock but are painted in a negative light . They said that whilst it did n't change their mind , they enjoyed their views being challenged by the game and was n't offended by it . When I think of some of my favourite narrative-based games , most of them tend to explore a theme or topic which have n't been explored before in games too much .
Their video has had an overwhelmingly positive response from developers , writers and gamers so , hopefully some writers will have the confidence to explore other political viewpoints which may or may not be their own .
Truk_Kurt ( PSN ID ) /trukkurt ( Steam ID ) /Angry_Kurt ( Twitter ) .
GC : Although we agree with your general point , looking into the original fan 's complaints they seem to be espousing some sort of GamerGate style dislike for women , minorities , and other victims of prejudice . When pressed for an example of Druckmann 's ‘ personal politics ' influencing their games they criticised the character of Nadine in Uncharted 4…
Shaun Marsh has become the first player to be reprimanded for failing to wear a helmet compliant with Cricket Australia 's new State Equipment and Apparel Regulations .
Marsh , who made a century in Western Australia 's loss to South Australia in yesterday 's opening round of the Matador Cup , was reported for the style of helmet they opted to wear , which fell foul of the new regulation , introduced on October 1 , that requires “ all Australian and State contracted players to wear a helmet compliant with the British Standard – BS7928:2013 ‘ Specification for head protectors for cricketers ' ” , CA said in a statement .
WATCH : Batting bonanza opens Matador Cup
The new regulation came about as a result of an ICC directive for Member countries to adopt the British Standard as the new international standard for helmets , and CA informed its players in August that the rule would be applied from the beginning of the 2015-16 summer .
Players were advised they could either be provided a compliant helmet by CA , otherwise their manufacturer had to provide one . A compliant helmet is identified by a sticker on the helmet and umpires throughout the Matador Cup are undertaking random compliance checks .
Given it was Marsh 's first offence in the past 18 months , they were offered and accepted a reprimand from match referee Stephen Bernard .
The left-hander made 108 in their first outing of the summer , sharing a record-breaking 216-run stand with Cameron Bancroft ( 176 ) as the pair provided the backbone of the Warriors ' total of 4-350 from 50 overs .
Quick Single : Marsh , Bancroft make most Matador outing
Both players are looking to stake their claims for the Test side ahead of the three-match series against New Zealand next month , after being selected in the 15-man squad for the now postponed tour of Bangladesh .
`` I 'm disappointed for them ( to miss the tour ) , '' Warriors coach Langer told cricket.com.au in Hurstville .
`` But that said , their security is the most important thing .
`` They 've done everything the selectors could have asked of them today .
`` They 're potentially going to open the batting for Australia , but here they are opening for Western Australia and they both got hundreds in a 200-run partnership which is an outstanding effort . ''
What happens when US rates rise ? Three Scenarios
Duncan Weldon Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 3 , 2015
If I was stuck on a desert island , tasked with monitoring the health or otherwise of the global economy and allowed access to only one snippet of data a day , I know exactly which data series I 'd choose : the yield on ten year US Treasury Bonds ( i.e . the interest rate paid to people holding US government debt due in ten years ' time ) .
Now , I realise the above set of circumstances are unlikely to actually occur , but if they did I feel I would at least be mentally prepared .
Knowing what the ten year is yielding would n't tell me everything about the health of the global economy , but it is a good place to start .
In many ways this is the key financial market variable — the so-called risk-free rate against which many other assets are priced . Is a ten year corporate bond paying 6 % a year good value ? It depends on the comparable returns available from investing in USTs ( United States Treasury bonds ) . Is the US stock market a sensible investment if it trades at a price to earnings ratio of 12x and with a dividend yield of 3 % ? It might be , but again it depends on what the ‘ risk-free ' alternative is yielding .
The outlook for the world economy at the moment ( or at least for the advanced economies ) is looking good . Certainly better than a few months ago , US and British growth is looking decent , even the previously-moribund Eurozone is showing signs of life . One of the bigger questions in macroeconomics though is : how will the US and global outlook be affected by rising interest rates ?
The US Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise short term interest rates ( Fed Funds ) this year , that 'll be the first rate hike in almost a decade . The extent to which central banks raising short term interest rates ( the ones they directly control ) impact on the wider economy will really be determined by how bond markets react . The question will be : what do increasing short term interest rates mean for longer term ones ?
The key variable to watch as the Fed begins raising rates , will be the US 10 year yield .
In theory , the future path of US interest rates should be priced into the ten year ( i.e . the current yield of the ten year should take into account likely moves in short term interest rates ) . In reality this may be far from the case .
Usually , and in the text books , one would expect that a Fed tightening cycle ( the US Federal Reserve raising rates from the cyclical low to the cyclical high over months or years ) would be accompanied by rising bond yields .
In January this year though , despite widespread expectations of Fed rate hikes , the yield on the ten year actually fell . I 've blogged before — at self-indulgent length — on why that might have happened . In February some of that fall was reversed .
In the past 20 years the Fed has embarked on three tightening cycles — in the mid 1990s , the late 1990s and the 2000s . The three cycles of rising short term interest rates met different responses from long term rates .
These three historical episodes give us three scenarios for 2015 and beyond .
The chart below shows US short term rates and the 10 year UST yield from 1993 to 2006 .
The first cycle considered here began in 1994 . 1994 was a , to use a not very technical term , messy year for global bonds with bond investors taking large losses ( the price of a bond moves inversely to its yield — a rising yield means a falling bond price and vice versa ) .
As Allianz has explained :
Though in early 1994 Chairman Greenspan , in their usual Delphic style , had already been hinting at potential rate hikes for some time , the timing and magnitude of the subsequent monetary tightening came as a major surprise to analysts…
Over the course of the cycle almost all asset classes suffered losses , with global and Emerging Market equities hit the hardest .
As this BIS working paper from 1995 noted , the markets had not fully ‘ priced in ' the extent to which the Fed was planning on raising rates . As the scale and pace of the tightening became apparent , bond rapidly repriced with the price falling and the yield rising . Long term interest rates rose sharply .
The ten year yield ended 1993 below 6 % and a year later was closer to 8 % .
The second cycle considered here runs from 1999 to 2000 . This is as close to ‘ textbook ' as the last twenty years of data comes . As short term rates rose , so did the 10 year yield . In fact the ten year ran slightly ahead of Fed Funds as the markets successfully ‘ priced in ' the Fed 's likely course of action .
Finally there is the Fed tightening cycle that ran from 2004 to 2006 . This is in many ways the odd one . Despite the Fed raising rates from just 1.0 % to 5.25 % , longer term interest rates barely budged .
Alan Greenspan , then Chair of the Fed 's Board of Governors , famously described this as a ‘ conundrum ' .
This development may well have had serious consequences for the US economy . The mid-2000s were the time that the US housing bubble inflated , had the impact of rising short term rates passed through to longer term borrowing costs ( and ultimately mortgage rates ) then the bubble would have been much smaller .
In hindsight , the driver of this conundrum can be identified . The big factor at work was foreign buying of USTs . Rising foreign demand ( especially from foreign central banks that wanted to control the value of their currencies against the US dollar ) , helped hold up the price of USTs and prevented a large rise in yields .
So — what to expect in 2015 and beyond ?
What the Federal Reserve will be hoping for is a repeat of the 1999/2000 cycle in which the market understands its intentions and rising rates do not come as a shock to the market .
There is of course a risk of a 2000s ‘ conundrum-redux ' scenario — a situation in which rising demand for USTs were to support the price despite Fed rate hikes . . If the Eurozone economy were to turn down again , if global risk appetite were to wain increasing demand for ‘ safe haven ' assets or if global investors , disappointed by the ultra-low yields available on European and Japanese government bonds were to step up their buying of USTs .
That said , unlike in the noughties , if the Fed were faced by increasing UST demand holding up bond prices and leading to a monetary policy that is considered too loose ( i.e . long term rates too low ) it does a weapon available that it did n't then .
One consequence of US quantitative easing is that the Fed currently holds more than two trillion dollars ' worth of government debt on its own balance sheet . It could , in theory , begin selling down these holdings to oversupply the UST bond market and push prices down and yields up .
The Fed will be hoping to avoid a 1994 outturn in which the bond market becomes turbulent and longer term rates rise sharply . Achieving that will require nuanced and clear communication .
There is no reason why the current tightening cycle ca n't reassemble 1999 more than 1994 . But there is one reason to worry . Liquidity in the UST market has been drying up . That is to say , the market has become less well functioning .
According to JP Morgan in 2014 it was possible to trade $ 280mn of USTs without moving the price . That has now fallen to $ 80mn .
Faced with tighter regulation and tougher rules on capital , the big banks that used to operate as market makers ( buying and selling to facilitate trades and maintain market liquidity ) are now less willing to .
This can lead to situations like those seen last October when the UST 10 year yield swung widely during the day .
The scary scenario for 2015 is a 1994 repeat coupled with a less liquid market . If the market comes to believe that is has under-priced the extent of Fed rate hikes and trades try to rapidly reposition themselves in a market where any sort of trading in size movers the price , then the outcome ( to use the technical term again ) would be messy .
Of course the Fed is well aware of this and will endeavor to avoid just such a scenario .
There will no doubt be more emphasis on communicating policy than in 1994 . They will aim to avoid nasty surprises .
Hopefully they 'll succeed . But just in case they do n't , it is worth reading the 1995 BIS paper now .
Story highlights Lawmakers were outraged by sweeping way in which phone surveillance applied
Proposal attached to defense funding measure was defeated 217-205
Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked records of the program in June
The U.S. House on Wednesday narrowly defeated a proposal to sharply restrict the National Security Agency 's phone surveillance program that was exposed by Edward Snowden .
The Obama administration and House Speaker John Boehner , unlikely allies in the sharp partisan climate in Washington , joined forces to reject the limit offered as an amendment to a defense spending bill , 217-205 .
A coalition of libertarian , liberal and conservative lawmakers pushed for curbs on the blanket collection of those records , arguing that it was too broad and intrusive .
Snowden , a former NSA contractor , revealed details of the bulk phone tracking effort and a companion e-mail collection initiative through leaks of classified information to media outlets last month . They have been charged with espionage .
Since then , a number of lawmakers from both sides of the aisle have been highly critical of the sweeping way in which the government applies telephone surveillance that is overseen by a secret court .
They and privacy groups concluded the government had reached too far into the personal lives of Americans in the interests of national security .
JUST WATCHED ACLU , gov't reps debate NSA programs Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH ACLU , gov't reps debate NSA programs 01:17
JUST WATCHED Alexander defends secrecy around NSA program Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Alexander defends secrecy around NSA program 01:09
JUST WATCHED The NSA 's secret court Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The NSA 's secret court 02:44
Rep. James Sensenbrenner , a Wisconsin Republican who sits on the Judiciary Committee , said during debate on the amendment that the NSA had exceeded its mandate . They said the measure would have halted surveillance of people not under direct investigation by authorities .
`` The time has come to stop it , '' they said .
But Rep. Tom Cotton said approval would have effectively killed the program , which they said has been found constitutional and approved by bipartisan majorities .
`` Folks , we are at war , '' said Cotton , an Arkansas Republican and Iraq War veteran who urged their colleagues not to undermine the surveillance tool they said was critical for troops in the field in counterterrorism operations .
Unusual alliances
The proposal forged alliances among bitter political rivals on Capitol Hill . It even prompted an unusual tactical move by the White House to weigh in on an amendment vote before debate , saying the proposal was hasty and blunt and would dismantle a counterterrorism tool .
House Republican leaders tried several ways to stave off a vote , but agreed under pressure from many conservatives eager for public debate .
A breakdown of the tally showed 134 Republicans voting with 83 Democrats to reject the measure offered by the Michigan odd couple of sophomore Republican Rep. Justin Amash and 25-term Democratic Rep John Conyers .
Boehner , who as speaker rarely votes on the House floor , opposed it as did House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi .
But 94 Republicans and 111 Democrats supported it .
Amash told reporters their amendment was `` about the American people versus the elites in Washington . ''
They maintained that NSA program represented `` a clear violation '' of Fourth Amendment protections regarding warrants .
Amash said they were simply working to ensure the government was following the original intent of the Patriot Act , the anti-terror law that authorized increased government surveillance powers after 9/11 .
Top Republicans argued against the measure , with chairs of the House Intelligence , Judiciary , and Appropriations committees circulating a letter saying it would have `` unintended consequences for the intelligence and law enforcement communities . ''
National security pressure
National security officials personally appealed to House members , hoping to derail the vote . They have said phone and e-mail surveillance have helped thwart terror plots .
President Barack Obama also has stressed that the NSA was not using the surveillance program to listen in on phone calls ; that it only collected metadata , including numbers , times of calls and dates .
James Clapper , the nation 's top intelligence official , released a statement before the vote noting that they had joined others in opposing the measure .
New York Democratic Rep Jerry Nadler , a critic of the original provisions on data collection in the Patriot Act , said they are n't persuaded by the warnings from the administration . They voted for the amendment .
`` I never dreamed it would ever be used for dragnet surveillance of every American phone call , even if only for metadata . And frankly that 's way beyond what Congress intended , '' they said .
The Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank often cited by Republicans , released an analysis that warned the amendment would `` increase the risks of terrorist attacks by limiting the scope of court-ordered foreign intelligence collection and thereby depriving the U.S. of valuable intelligence it currently collects . ''
But at a monthly forum sponsored by Heritage that features some of the House 's most conservative members , that argument did n't sway many members . Eight of the nine lawmakers on the Wednesday panel , which included Amash , said they planned to vote for it .
Rep Michele Bachmann , a leader of the tea party movement on Capitol Hill , broke with fellow conservative lawmakers , saying the NSA program collects phone records from telecommunications companies not individuals , so there is `` no expectation of privacy . ''
A member of the House Intelligence Committee , Bachmann warned that `` if we take this program and remove from the United States the distinct advantage we have versus any other country it would be those that would be seeking to achieve the goals of Islamic Jihad who will benefit from by putting the United States at risk . ''
The defense spending bill now moves to the Senate , but that chamber has not considered its version yet in committee or scheduled a floor vote . But in the Senate , there is little support for making major changes to the NSA program .
Before the vote Nadler said even this amendment failed they and other opponents of the program would continue to press for changes .
`` It simply will not be renewed when it expires in 2015 . It 's going to end - now or later . The only question is when and on what terms . ''
By Nate Raymond
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A U.S. judge on Monday ordered the unsealing of the application used to obtain a search warrant that allowed the FBI to gain access to emails related to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton 's private server before the Nov. 8 election .
U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan directed the release by Tuesday of redacted materials used to obtain a search warrant after Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey informed Congress of newly discovered emails on Oct. 28 .
Comey 's letter drew new attention to a damaging issue for Clinton , the Democratic presidential nominee , and roiled the campaign 11 days before the Nov. 8 election , won by Republican Donald Trump .
The search warrant materials ' release sought by Randol Schoenberg , a Los Angeles-based lawyer , who in court papers said transparency was crucial given the potential influence the probe had on the election 's outcome . Sources close to the investigation have said the emails were discovered during an unrelated probe into former Democratic U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner , the estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin .
In their order , Castel said they would allow the redaction of the identities of two unnamed individuals , one of whom is subject to an `` ongoing criminal investigation . ''
Related :
For more news videos visit Yahoo View , available now on iOS and Android .
But they said the `` strong presumption of access attached to the search warrant and related materials is not overcome by any remaining privacy interest of Secretary Clinton . ''
Lawyers for Clinton and Abedin did not immediately respond to requests for comment , nor did the U.S. Justice Department . A lawyer for Weiner had no immediate comment .
Clinton used the server while they were secretary of state from 2009 to 2013 .
In July , Comey recommended no criminal charges be brought over Clinton 's handing of classified information in the emails , although they said they and their colleagues were `` extremely careless '' in handling such information . In their Oct. 28 letter to Congress , Comey said emails potentially related to the Clinton server probe had been discovered in an `` unrelated case . ''
Sources close to the investigation have said the emails were discovered during an unrelated probe into Weiner following a media report that they engaged in sexually explicit cellphone and online messaging with a 15-year-old girl .
Federal investigators got a warrant to examine the emails to see if they were related to the probe into Clinton 's private server . Only two days before the election , Comey disclosed that the emails did nothing to change their earlier recommendation . ( Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York ; Editing by Alistair Bell and Alan Crosby )
Update : since I first wrote this article , Amazon added the ability to set up a household from their website ; initially , you could only do so from a recent Kindle . I 've updated the article to discuss these steps in addition to doing so from a Kindle .
Amazon finally allows you to share ebooks with your family , using the Family Library feature in the latest version of the Kindle software . But this feature may be a bit confusing to set up . Here 's how to do it .
First , find if your devices are compatible with Kindle Family Library . You 'll find the minimum software you need for each device to be able to access Family Library content ; the minimum version to manage Family Library settings ; and which devices support Child profiles .
You can set up Family Library on a Kindle if you own one of the following devices :
Kindle Paperwhite ( 2nd generation )
Kindle ( 7th Generation )
Kindle Voyage
Kindle Fire HD
Kindle Fire HDX
Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 ”
Fire HD 6
Fire HD 7
Fire HDX 8.9
You 'll want to check the software version on your device ( on a Kindle , tap the menu , then Settings , then tap the menu again , and tap Device Info ; I 'm not sure where the settings are for the Kindle Fire ) , and update it if necessary . You can download the software for all of Amazon 's devices on this page . Follow the updating instructions on the page where you download the software .
There is no way to set up Kindle Family Library from the Amazon web site , or from a device running a Kindle app ( such as an iPhone or Android phone ) , so if you do n't have a recent Kindle , you simply can not use this feature . I find this surprising for two reasons . First , Amazon is saying that they have this great feature that is supported by every device they 've ever made , but you can only turn it on if you have a recent device . Second , the settings are a bit confusing , and would be a lot easier to manage on the web .
I managed to set this up yesterday , from my Kindle Voyage , so my partner and I can share our content . They use a Kindle Paperwhite ( 1st generation ) , an iPad and an Android phone ; I have the Kindle Voyage , and also use my iPhone and iPad occasionally .
To set up Family Library on a Kindle that supports managing Family Library settings , tap the menu , then Settings . Tap Registration and Household . Then tap Household and Family Library . You set up a “ Household ” from this screen ; add each person , entering their Amazon email address and password . What 's important is that , after they have signed in , they tap Devices and choose on which devices they want to see the shared content . The creator of the Family Library must also tap Share All Books and activate the feature to share their entire library ; if not , you can choose to share individual books from your Manage Your Content and Devices page on Amazon 's web site .
You can also set up a household , and invite an adult to it , and add children from the Manage Your Content and Devices page on Amazon 's web site . Click Invite Adult , and follow the instructions . The other adult will need to sign in to their Amazon account , but children do n't need accounts ; you just create profiles for them .
Remember that , later on , if one of you gets a new Kindle , or adds a new device – such as an iPhone or iPad – to their account , you need to go back to these settings and select it in the Devices settings .
Unfortunately , if you ever want to change any of these settings – remove someone from the household , add a new device , etc . – you must do it on one of the newer Kindles . You ca n't manage any of this on Amazon 's web site , where you have many settings for your Kindle and its content .
So you can finally share books that you and other members of your family have bought . This makes the Kindle a bit more useful , and it 's been too long in coming .
Even as a small child , I knew that the waiting room of my dentist 's office was due for a makeover , what with the slouchy green leather sofa placed below an enormously out of scale woven Mickey Mouse tapestry , mounted upon glossy beige walls . The carpeting was a black and white flecked shag number , laden with the smell of fluoride and drenched in children 's tears , stapled over enough carpet pads to give the illusion of walking on a pillowtop mattress . It was the sort of place one could tell was designed to make children comfortable , which only served to put me more on edge . After all , this was a house of medicine , not Discovery Zone , and I longed for it to be treated as such .
We had this ritual at the dentist , wherein we were afforded the opportunity to choose our fate by selecting one of two distinct treatment options : “ the easy way , or the hard way. ” The easy way was simple enough to understand : once perched on the avocado-green pleather exam chair , we were to remain calm and accept whatever form of torture was bestowed upon us , hoping we 'd emerge alive but armed with the knowledge that if our deaths did come to pass , we 'd at least go with our honor and dignity intact and be remembered for our good-nature and obedience . The hard way was significantly more mysterious—what would happen if we chose not to comply ? Would they spank us ? Would they not give us a lollipop at the end ? These are big questions when you 've only lived for half a decade , so I took it upon myself to give it a try at least once .
I committed to the act with admirable devotion , maniacally screaming my way into the exam room , mustering all my strength to wriggle free of my captives . Once forced into an exam chair , I rocked back and forth angrily , unclenching my tightly-wound jaw only to emit a series of high-pitched , tortured wails . This , before a doctor or glimmering , vibrating tool had even approached me . Eventually , I heard somebody give the command : “ strap them down. ” Catalyzing a renewed wave of rage , I howled in agony and kicked a nurse before all of my limbs , thighs , and torso had been tied down with the aid of rough velcro restraints . And that , my friends , is when they administered the electric shocks .
In reality , no pulses of electricity were sent to my brain , but I do remember lying there and wishing I could call the whole thing off . I was still crying , but now they were tears of shame and defeat , produced in a longing to undo the damage that had been wrought upon my reputation and ego . I had been a fool , and I longed for the easy way once more .
I think “ the hard way ” is generally how I approach most home-related tasks . While it 's usually a sticker-shock-induced bout of “ well , I could just make that ! , ” the resulting effect is hours of work I could have spent doing other things—like my dishes , for instance—had I just had the good sense to purchase something pre-made . This is how I 've come to regard all DIY projects .
So when I decided I really wanted some cute wall-mounted accordion-style bedside lights to go over the new floating teak shelves , I did n't even hop on my Google machine to try to find some . I knew they 'd be pricey , or ugly , or both , and the chances of finding matching vintage ones that would n't cost a month 's rent seemed slim . Besides , I already had a plan . Or , well , an inkling of a plan .
Say hello to the classic IKEA FRÄCK bathroom mirror . We 've all seen them . We 've probably all used them . We might even have one , or several . They 're only $ 4.99 , but they 're well-made and super handy for small spaces or a beauty regimen that is more advanced than mine .
That 's a pretty cute light , am I right ?
I know I just talked ad nauseam about the virtues of the “ hard way , ” but actually making these lights was really , really easy . You just need a few simple parts , about 15 minutes , and less than $ 20 .
1 . IKEA FRÄCK mirror , with the mirror part thrown away ( it just screws on and off of that threaded part at the top )
2 . Lamp socket , the kind with a hole on the side for the cord to escape .
3 . Adapter Nut
4 . Plug
5 . Wire . Any lamp wire will work , but since I generally have a phobia of exposed wires and this is , by definition , exposed , I ordered some cute twisted red cloth wire from Sundial Wire . It 's only $ 1.40 per foot , the shipping was really fast , it 's cute and really nice quality . I 'm tempted to order the 250-foot spool , you know , just because . I 'll use it eventually .
6 . Tools : flathead screwdriver , wire strippers .
If you 've never rewired a lamp , just know that it 's basically the easiest thing ever and there are about 8 trillion tutorials on the internet on how to do it . As I am not anything approaching an electrician , I wo n't bore you with my retelling and lack of proper terminology . Still , step 1 : wire that socket . Any good lighting supply store and most hardware stores should have a good selection of sockets , make sure you get the kind that has a hole for the cord to escape through that 's NOT the bottom hole , since that 's what holds it onto the accordion part . After it 's wired , put the socket back together .
This is the most important piece , and also the tiniest : the adapter nut . At least I think that 's what it 's called . This is the piece that adapts the threaded part on the IKEA accordion base to the bottom of the light socket , so they can screw together tightly . I got mine by bringing the accordion to a lamps store and the employee immediately finding the right piece , so I assume most lamp/lighting/hardware places should have them .
After the adapter nut is screwed on tight , gather the cord in your hand and screw on your light socket .
After the socket is in place , thread the cord through the back of the FRÄCK hardware , between the wall plate and the supporting rod . I made those terms up . I only draw special attention to this because you 'll want to decide which side you want your loose cord to hang on—since these are for bedsides , I wanted the cords to hang on the outside of the accordion , so the cord is threaded in opposite directions on the two lamps . All of this will make sense if you 're actually doing it . My ability to form legible sentences is failing me .
Then , just wire the plug . Again , this is SO EASY ( even if you 've never done it ) . A monkey could do it .
Once it 's all put together , hang it up and you 're done ! I chose to top ours with 25W chrome-tipped bulbs . They are n't terribly bright , which is how I like a bedside light . All moody n ' shiz .
When they 're not in use , it 's nice to be able to just push them back towards the wall , where they 're completely unobtrusive . Also , having something wall-mounted instead of a traditional tabletop lamp frees up space on the nightstands , which are only about 8 inches deep . More room for books or glasses or mugs or your crystal balls or… I do n't know your life .
I 'm super-duper happy with the little lights . All the virtue of having done something “ the hard way ” ( think of the times you get to impress people with “ oh yeah , I made those in my free time ” ! ) and none of the actual effort ordinarily inherent in that choice . Which is the best sort of DIY , if you ask me .
In perhaps record time , Big Brother 15 ‘ s houseguests have unleashed a torrent of racist , sexist , and homophobic comments , mostly directed toward other people in the house , and most of which go unchallenged by others . This year , it is n't limited to just one or two people ; as Hamsterwatch reports , “ the roll call for racist/homophobic/misogynist remarks now includes Aaryn , Kaitlin , GinaMarie , David , Jeremy , Spencer , and Amanda , in varying degrees. ” That 's almost half the cast . ( Update : The cast has n't stopped with the awful bigoted language : watch the video . )
Before we get to the BB15 comments , these will probably never air on television if history is a guide , so we 'll likely get a sanitized version of the houseguests instead of editing that reflects their actual personalities , attitudes , and comments . Executive producer Allison Grodner has explained why the CBS show ignores awfulness from the houseguests : “ We really do n't want to put hateful things out there in our edits. ” CBS has similarly defended horrible editing .
I appreciate the desire to not perpetuate and repeat bigotry , but that approach baffles me , considering that other shows–Survivor , for one–have dealt with similar bigotry on their broadcasts . The exact language does n't have to air , but why not air the conversations ? Why not show these people for who they actually are ? After all , producers and network executives all approved them and decided to give them 90 days of attention while using them to earn money . Of course , none of that would fit into the narrow rut of a formula the CBS broadcast has stuck to for years and years .
As to the awful things this cast has said , most of it occurred Saturday night and into Sunday . A Jokers poster has compiled an extensive list including flashback times to view the footage , while Zap2it 's Andrea Reiher summarized many of the awful things in a story . Both are worth a read .
Here are examples , compiled and expanded from the above sources , video clips , and other sources :
GinaMarie said that , because of their income level , they receive “ nigger insurance ” ( she whispered the n-word , so it 's possible they said the version that ends with “ a ” ) . They whispered it to both Nick and Andy , neither of whom challenged them
GinaMarie said Helen , who 's Asian , “ should be kissing our ass and serving us some fucking rice . ”
Aaryn said of Andy , “ No one 's gon na vote for whoever that queer puts up. ” They also suggested he 'd win MVP because “ people love the queers . ”
Aaryn said about Candice , who 's black , “ be careful what you say in the dark ; you might not be able to see the bitch. ” ( A month ago , Aaryn tweeted , “ Attractiveness comes from inside . What would you look like if your looks mirrored your words and actions ? ” So much irony . )
GinaMarie said Candice “ gets that fuckin ' blackness , ” referring to Candice 's reaction to something that happened in the game .
Aaryn said of Helen , “ Shut up . Go make some fucking rice . ”
Talking about sheets that smelled bad , David said they were that way because “ black Candice ” was on them , and then admitted , “ that was totally racist . ”
Jeremy , who calls the house 's women “ bitches , ” said of Katilin , “ I did touch their vagina today .. they did n't act like they were happy .. I like to feel around see what shebeing working with .. see if it 's a nice meat wallet … I know she 's on their period . ”
Spencer called Andy “ Kermit the fag ” ; Amanda called Andy “ Faggoty Ann ” ( McCrae later called them out for that language , but they defended it ) .
Spencer said that the medical torture conducted by Nazi doctors was beneficial and praised Hitler 's speaking abilities , even while acknowledging that he 'd be criticized for that .
Katilin said they like gay people but they 're “ untrustworthy in a game like this . ”
McCrae said , “ If I 'm talking to a girl , that probably means I do n't want to fuck her . ”
Spencer referred to women as “ cunts . ”
GinaMarie said , “ you know two blacks stick together . They 're like tokens . ”
Ragan Fox , who was a cast member on the 12th season , asked in an open letter to producers , “ What 's the point of casting racial , ethnic , and sexual minorities if production 's going to edit out the racism , ethnic discrimination , and homophobia that these people encounter inside the house ? ” and added , “ If you really want to provide a groundbreaking twist , SHOW CBS VIEWERS HOW SOME STRAIGHT , WHITE PEOPLE talk about gays , Asian Americans , and African Americans . ”
Building an Information Security Awareness Program in 5 Easy Steps
Mathieu Marcotte Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 22 , 2017
When we think of information security , we usually think of encryption , vulnerability management and other more technical subjects that my colleagues already covered . But , as you might know , information security is way more human and alive that we might think — People need to be aware of possible security risks and must be trained accordingly to react successfully to security threats .
What 's an Information Security Awareness Program ?
One way to promote security and train users is through Information Security Awareness , Education and Training ( Control 7.2.2 for those familiar with ISO 27001/27002:2013 ) . Directly from ISO 27002:2013 :
An Information Security Awareness Program should aim to make employees and , where relevant , contractors aware of their responsibilities for information security and the means by which those responsibilities are discharged .
Those trainings need to be meaningful and adapted to the users ' reality to be successful . Difficult , but not impossible .
What 's this article about ?
We will walk through the five main steps we follow to build and publish awareness trainings at Poka , and advices on what to do . For those used to it , you will see it follows the PDCA process ( Plan-Do-Check-Act )
Who 's this article for ?
Anyone who works in Security , Privacy , Governance , Risk or Compliance ( you get the idea ) and has to implement an Information Security Awareness Program , this article is for you .
1 . Pick a Subject
It might be tempted to only do awareness trainings on what is currently popular like phishing/spear phishing/ransomware ( which are good subjects to address nonetheless ) , but there 's also a great source of subject right within your company : your own Risks .
The very reason why you want to do awareness trainings is because you sense that there are risks in your company that need to be controlled and mitigated .
Even if you do not ( yet ) engage in Risk Management , it 's quite possible and simple to identify high-level risks in your company .
Let 's take for example phishing , which is a risk for most companies , if not all . I wo n't go into the details of explaining all the possible risks of phishing because they have been well documented , but one way to mitigate the risks of phishing is to educate your employees on how to detect and report attempted phishing attempts .
You may also have a set of policies on different subjects , and even though all your employees are required to read and understand all of them , it 's unrealistic to believe that they will remember and follow 100 % of policies . Awareness trainings can then be created to cover more specifically an entire policy or a part of it that you deem more important and crucial .
You should also choose a fixed schedule ( e.g . each month/each 3 months ) for publishing new awareness trainings . It 's better to do it in small doses over time than only one time in the year . By doing it in small doses over time , it encourages a better information security culture in the company , and employees are trained/reminded on pertinent subjects continuously .
Also , depending on your reality , you should try to create and design metrics so that you can measure the success of the awareness training that you want to do . Though , it 's not always possible to have statistically significant metrics because of the size of your organisation ; ( e.g . pertinent difference of reported phishing attempts in a small organisation might be difficult to observe ) . But if you do and if it 's done correctly , it will help you determine if the training has really changed positively the behavior of employees , and if yes , then it can be presented to the upper management to justify the program ( if it 's a concern in your organisation ) . It 's a win-win situation .
What we do
We mainly choose subjects based on risks we identified within our Risk Management process . Employees ' feedback is also considered for choosing a new subject . In the end , awareness trainings need to cater to their needs and worries ( more details in the fourth and fifth section )
For example , we made an awareness training on phishing/spear phishing because when we evaluated the risks of a successful phishing attempt to be real , and one of the mitigation controls that we chose to implement was to better train and instruct all Poka employees on phishing .
Similarly , we have a policy at Poka on how to report security incidents . Even though all employees are required to read and understand all policies ( let 's be honest , that impossible ) , we also decided to do an awareness training on how to detect and report security incidents .
Right now , we 're doing awareness training every 3 months , but at the moment of writing this article , we are looking into the possibility of doing it each month . We also track a small set of metrics because we are a small organisation , but again , we are planning to expand the number metrics that we used .
Creating your Awareness Training can be as fun and easy as playing with Legos : )
2 . Create your Awareness Training
Now that you have chosen a subject , it 's time to think about how you are going to build your awareness trainings .
First , I would advise , if possible , to construct your own awareness trainings so that it will be more adapted to your own culture and better suited to your needs instead of relying on generic training materials found online . It might cost more initially , but if done correctly , it will pay off .
While developing your awareness trainings , think more like a marketer/designer as you need to sell the content of your training , not just tell them what to do . If you have a Design and/or a Marketing team in your company , consult them to promote and improve the flow of your message , and maybe add some entertainment value to an otherwise boring presentation . It needs to be interesting to your audience . Information security objectives and employee 's objectives should be both aligned , because let 's face it , information security is not a priority for everyone , and many believe that information security is not in their responsibility .
What we do
Right now , all of our awareness trainings are created with Google Slides . We really try to make it lightweight , straight to the point , and fun to consult to avoid Death by PowerPoint . Some ( a lot ) of memes , Gifs ( maybe to the dismay of some of my coworkers ) and even games are incorporated into each awareness trainings . Each of them can be done in a short timespan of 5 to 10 minutes .
Our Design team developed a Google Slides template that we reuse most of the time .
When the awareness training is completed , it gets peer-reviewed by the rest of the Information Security Team , and when it 's adequate , it also gets peer-reviewed by 2–3 employees from different teams to gather general feedback . This serves to reduce the risk of a major problem/error with the awareness training , and to ensure that it is comprehensive .
3 . Communicate your Awareness Training
Now that everything is ready , you should publish your awareness training on an official channel that is consulted by everyone in your company ( Slack , HipChat , emails , intranet , etc. ) . Do n't be scared to use multiples channels , if necessary , to effectively reach all employees , but do n't harass them either .
Clear and concise indications should also be given of what is intended from all employees ( e.g deadline to do the trainings ) .
What we do
Our official channel of communication at Poka is the # general channel in Slack where all major announcements are published , and where the noise is mostly limited . All awareness trainings are published in that channel , and we give indications on the deadline ( 2 weeks is given ) .
4 . Gather Confirmations & Feedback
If you want good awareness trainings ( and compliant with most security standards ) , you need to gather and keep a proof of confirmation from all employees .
And at the same time , why not gather some feedback from your audiance about the awareness training ? Keep it short and sweet with only a few pertinent questions . This feedback will help improve actual and future trainings , and your overall information security .
What we do
At the end of each awareness trainings , there is a link to a Google Form that each employee must fill to confirm that they have completed the required training . Three optional questions are then available :
On which security and/or privacy subject ( s ) do you feel you lack information/training ?
What subject/training would you like to see in the future ?
Any other comments/improvements ?
You can consult our Google Forms template here . Feel free to copy/adapt it .
We study this feedback to see what we could improve in regards to information security . Maybe there 's a subject that we thought was not a risk or we thought that a subject was well understood by all , but was not .
In the future , we want to share a summary of the feedback on Slack , so that everyone can get an idea of what we need to improve and plan , and that we listen to their feedback .
Should Labour stand in Northern Ireland ?
PA Wire/PA Images PA Wire/PA Images
Labour has traditionally not stood candidates in Northern Ireland . But on the back of the Tory-DUP deal that might be about to change
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
Conversations about politics in Northern Ireland are now dominated by the Tory-DUP deal .
With all but one constituency in Northern Ireland represented by either the DUP or Sinn Fein , it should be no surprise that the Labour Party is considering fielding candidates there . After all , the DUP will vote against almost any Labour policy and Sinn Fein do n't vote at all .
One reason why Labour has n't fielded candidates , and why the current Conservative government 's deal with the DUP has been criticised , is that by picking a side you lose the ability to call yourself an honest broker in the peace process .
For the Northern Ireland Assembly , political parties designate as : unionist , nationalist , or “ other ” . Phil Kelly , Chair of the Labour Party in Northern Ireland ( LPNI ) , says they would designate as “ other ” .
“ Almost uniquely , LPNI draws members from across the sectarian divide and beyond in offering a political platform to Northern Ireland 's diverse and growing ethnic communities . We seek to be a party that truly reflects the voice of a diverse social majority , ” they said .
Labour traditionally supports the SDLP in Northern Irish elections . Fielding candidates would jeopardise this relationship . However , the SDLP , who lost all their remaining MPs last month , have some major policy differences with Labour . Kelly added : “ The SDLP oppose abortion rights , support the segregation of education on religious grounds , and designate as nationalist . ”
In 2016 , 3,000 people joined LPNI , making it the fastest growing party in Ireland . Kelly argues the SDLP is now a party lacking identity and purpose , and , by not allowing LPNI to stand , the UK Labour Party is “ stifling the development of a progressive , non-sectarian left ” .
Kelly feels that the domination of Northern Irish politics by the Brexiteer , right-wing , unionist DUP deprives the many left-leaning unionists an electoral voice .
“ By not standing Labour effectively bolsters the DUP . Labour could , in working class , unionist areas , take some votes . But more than votes , the mere presence of Labour would offer an alternative voice that could help shift the political debate and influence parties in power .
“ ‘ Soft ' [ Brexit ] is a meaningless term , as any Brexit deal is simply more damaging than remaining . Brexit is a huge threat to both Northern Ireland and the Republic .
“ The clear reality of Brexit is it was a delusion . From an Irish perspective , I believe we must resist becoming victims to the damaging , self-defeating rise of English nationalism .
“ My view is any deal must not undermine the Good Friday Agreement . I believe LPNI should back cross-party , cross-border calls for special arrangements . ”
The Irish government will be key , as they have threatened to veto any deal that is seen as damaging to the Good Friday Agreement or to Irish citizens in Northern Ireland .
If the Labour NEC vote against any measures to allow LPNI to stand Kelly believes it could “ effectively crush ” the party there : “ With Brexit having re-weaponised the border , it is hard to imagine the discredited ‘ centre ' of the UUP and the SDLP regaining . The only way to rival the tribal blocks is through a truly radical fresh and progressive political project . ”
During last year 's leadership election , 72 % of LPNI members voted for Jeremy Corbyn and hundreds attended a rally at Belfast City Hall . “ Pre-Corbyn , the LPNI had 350 members . This soared within a year to over 3,000 . Corbyn has cross-community support here in Northern Ireland , despite the tabloid smears . Even pro-union LPNI members admire their core Labour principles and policies ” .
Could Corbyn replicate their revival of Labour on the other side of the Irish Sea ? As we have learned from two leadership elections and a general election , it would be foolish to underestimate Corbyn .
David Barker is a writer and freelance journalist based in Birmingham
[ x ] Interlude : Red Like Roses
Victoria Dallon , also known as the hero Summer Rose flicked through their note book . The assignment was n't too difficult but the professor was a stickler for clearly marked references . Beside her , their sister Amy was complaining about some of the cities vigilante capes .
`` I mean , do they even know just how much damage those arrows can cause ? They nearly lost their lives , never mind their arm . ''
`` Uh-huh '' They underlined a comment they had missed
`` Vicky , are you listening ? ''
`` Huh ? Oh , yeah , sure , '' Amy gave them a look and vicky rolled their eyes , `` Shadow Stalker nailed another guy to a wall and the hospital had you up at the crack of dawn to save their lives . ''
Satisfied their sister was listened , Amy huffed , `` When is the PRT going to do something about her ? This is third time and I could swear she 's getting worse . ''
`` It happens . Professor Wallis called the indie-cape life cycle . It goes something like ; they get powers and start playing hero . As time goes on , they get more aggressive and violent until they either end up dead , forced into a gang or the PRT . ''
`` Huh , makes sense I suppose . ''
`` Yeah , not everyone can be as awesome as us after all . Oh , I 'm going on a quick patrol after school , want to come Ames ? ''
Them sister winced , `` Sorry , I 've made plans to meet up with Lori . ''
`` Ooh really~ ? Maybe I should tag along and keep an eye on you . ''
`` Vicky… Please… ''
`` No , no . I think it 's great , really , '' watching the pair of them dance shyly around each other was just adorable , `` I just wish I 'd found out sooner , I would n't have kept setting you up with all those boys . ''
Finding out their sisters preference had been a bit of a shock but she 'd gotten over it . Now it was their duty to tease their sister at every opportunity . Although , they kinda wished she 'd found out in a different way . No one wants to see their sister doing that .
`` It 's not like that . I do n't even think Lori is into girls… ''
`` That 'd be why their eyes are glued to your ass whenever you turn around ? '' Vicky quipped , `` Maybe you should ask if they want to play nurse ? ''
`` Oh like you 're one to talk ! Have you seen the latest PHO rumors ? Someone caught your last fight with Rune on camera . '' Amy shot back .
Vicky grimaced and put their face in their hands , `` What are those freaks saying now ? I swear , as soon as I find the idiot who started that rumor I 'm going to kill Clockblocker ! ''
`` Why would you kill Clockblocker ? ''
`` Because we both know it was probably them who started it . ''
`` That picture did n't help . ''
`` It was a headbutt ! I could n't get my hands free ! ''
Amy was openly laughing while Vicky 's protests got more heated , `` Oh come on ! you know it was , you patched them up after all ! ''
# #
Vicky was still irritated at their sister when they ducked into the school changing room and slipped their costume on .
One badly , or well , depending on your point of view , timed photo made it onto PHO and now they could n't get near the little racist without someone making a comment . Still , they took some solace from the fact that the jokes and rumors had to be pissing the Nazi off more than them
Putting their bag down they started to get dress .
A black body sock went on first , and over that they wore a white and gold top that also doubled as a short skirt . A pair of combat boots and a short , black leather jacket with gold trim finished everything off .
Them Mom had been against the design at first , they felt Vicky should have gone with something more traditional but Victoria had been adamant . Yes , they were a member of New Wave but they were still their own person and they spent more time running solo than working with their family and their costume should represent that .
The last thing they pulled from their bag was their weapon , the force staff .
at the moment , it looked like a short metal pipe with a large ornamental weight on both ends . the whole thing was tinker-tech and it could extend into a pole-arm . The weighted ends were what gave it the name . Each one contained a Kinetic regulator , so it could still break brute 's bones without splattering softer targets .
Clipping the weapon to their belt they made their way up to the roof .
The force lance came from toybox and had been and a bit of a necessity caused by their powers . They were a brute , increased strength and durability combined . The problem came in with their mover power . They could run really fast over short distances , combine that with super strength and things could get… messy . ( Nobody needed that wall anyway . )
Standing at one end of the school roof , they sprinted forwards , building up as much momentum as they could and lept . It was n't really flight but they could cover most of the city in minutes this way .
# #
Hitting the ground , they rolled to a stop and ignored the 'petals ' that always accompanied their mover power . They were n't really petals , they had no substance and faded before they hit the ground .
It had taken a few jumps and a couple of well timed ricochets but they were close to Empire territory . Some new indie had put Stormtiger down last week and they were hoping to run into them .
Despite their reputation , they could be discrete when they wanted to be . Running across the rooftops the few Empire thugs they did spot never knew they were there .
Just as they were getting bored , they paused on a rooftop and considered picking a fight with the next banger they saw when they heard the sounds of a fight . Smirking to herself , they quickly made their way towards the commotion .
# #
On a roof overlooking an empty lot between some run down buildings , they watched as a girl ran rings around a group of Empire thugs .
They were wearing black pants and a loose white shirt . Them forearms were wrapped in black cloth and despite their boots having more heel than Vicky thought sensible they did n't appear to be slowing them down . Them dark hair was flying loose , held in place by a large bow .
Extending their staff , they jumped from the roof . The weighted tip glowed as it drew in energy from the movement . Landing hard enough to kick up a cloud of dust , they charged forwards .
They caught the first thug in the stomach , folding them over and sending them sprawling . The other girl glanced back at her , recognising Vicky as a hero they turned their attention back to the Empire .
Fighting held a thrill that most people could n't understand . When your blood was pumping and the world went white it was… well , it was intense . Some capes lost themselves to it , looking for bigger and better fights until someone or something put them down .
While Vicky was a self admitted thrill seeker , they knew enough to keep themselves safe . Crossing the lot in a shower of petals , they put another ganger down . Watching the other cape , they were experienced enough to spot someone who 'd had training .
Them movements were fast and confident and Vicky suspected they were either a precog or had some form of enhanced senses as none of the gangers could land a solid hit . Before Vicky could shout a warning , one of the thugs managed to get a lucky shot in with a metal bat . It hit the other girl 's head with a resounding clang .
The bat passed through their head , carrying with it a copy of the girl that fell to the ground while the other spun and lashed out with a well placed kick . As they fell , the copy vanished .
Spotting movement in the corner of their eye , Vicky quickly brought their staff round on the idiot trying to sneak up on them There was a crack of breaking bones and they went down clutching their arm .
Getting the hint , the remaining gangers finally lost their nerve and ran .
Letting them go , Vicky walked over to the other girl , `` Well , that was fun . I 'm Vicky , and you are ? ''
The other girl was shorter than their Vicky noticed , even with the heels . They were also wearing a large domino mask that covered quite a bit of them face .
`` Belladonna . It 's nice to meet you ? '' The girl sounded a bit confused , most were when Victoria happily introduced themselves by their real name .
Vicky snorted in amusement , `` Great , Summer Rose , Belladonna . Think we can find a couple more for a full bouquet ? ''
Belladonna still looked confused , but their mouth twitched upward slightly . They opened their mouth like they were about to say something when their phone rang and they cursed quietly to herself .
`` I 'm sorry , I 've got to ... '' they indicated their phone and Vicky nodded .
`` Sure , do n't worry about it . I 'll call this lot in . Oh ! Next time you wan na beat up some nazis give me a shout , I use the same name on PHO . ''
Nodding , Belladonna took off towards the nearest building . They jumped off the wall to grab the fire escape and flipped themselves upwards . It took three jumps to clear the building but the agility they displayed had to be from their power .
Vicky doubted Belladonna was the one to bring Storm Tiger down . From what Dean had said , he 'd been beaten down with brute force . Bella seemed to favour evasion and counter attacks .
Still , a dozen Empire thugs were off the streets and a possible plus one friend . Today was definitely a win .
Avant Window Navigator is a dock / task manager for Linux founded by Neil J. Patel , who was later hired by Canonical to work on Unity .
A quick update for AWN fans : after several years of inactivity , Avant Window Navigator is maintained again thanks to Povilas Kanapickas , who took over the project recently .
The code was moved to GitHub and there are some bugs and broken plugins which Povilas Kanapickas is trying to fix , but the core functionality is usable .
Unfortunately , AWN continues to depend on valac-0.12 which is obsolete , meaning that AWN wo n't make it in the official Ubuntu / Debian repositories unless it 's ported to a newer valac version . However , you can install it in Ubuntu 13.10 by using the AWN Testing PPA ( for Ubuntu 13.04 or 12.10 you can use the main WebUpd8 PPA ; AWN is available in the official Ubuntu 12.04 repositories ) .
Install Avant Window Navigator in Ubuntu
sudo add-apt-repository ppa : awn-testing/ppa sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install -- install-recommends avant-window-navigator
Thanks to Povilas Kanapickas for the info !
DAMMAM : The Islamic State claimed responsibility for a car blast during Friday prayers outside a Shia mosque in Saudi Arabia 's Dammam city which killed four people , including a driver .
The attack was “ foiled ” by the authorities , the Saudi interior ministry said .
An Islamic State statement named the suicide bomber as Abu Jandal al-Jizrawi and said they had managed to reach their target despite heightened security .
Map of Saudi Arabia .
The Saudi Press Agency reported that a bomber tried to enter a mosque in Dammam and detonated their bomb in the parking lot after being stopped by security guards .
It added that guards approached the car as it was parking and that the driver detonated the bomb .
“ When they headed towards it , it exploded killing four people , at least one of them believed to be its driver , ” an interior ministry spokesperson said .
The Interior Ministry said the blast ─ which set several cars ablaze ─ took place at Al-Anoud mosque .
According to witnesses , the suicide bomber was disguised as a woman .
A witness , identified only as Ahmed , earlier told Reuters they were with their family near the mosque when `` a quick explosion '' happened . They did not know the cause of the blast .
They said acquaintances at the mosque told them a man was killed along with a bomber when they tried to prevent them from reaching it .
Another witness said a passer-by was also killed in the blast .
Photos posted by journalists on Twitter showed thick black clouds of smoke and a fire blazing at the purported scene of the blast .
PM Nawaz condemns attack
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif strongly condemned the suicide blast in Dammam .
They deplored the loss of lives and prayed for the early recovery of injured , extended condolences to the government of Saudi Arabia .
Last Friday , a suicide bomber detonated a bomb at a mosque in Shia-majority Qatif during Friday weekly prayers killing 21 people and wounding several others . The self-styled Islamic State ( IS ) group said in an online statement that it had carried out the deadly suicide bomb attack last week .
Read : Deadly suicide blast at mosque in Saudi Arabia kills 21
Following the March 2011 Great East Japan Earthquake and the ensuing nuclear disaster at the Fukushima No . 1 power plant , hundreds of nursing-home residents and staffers living close to the plant rushed to evacuate .
But , according to the results of a joint study published Friday in the science journal PLOS ONE , the evacuations posed a far greater health risk to the evacuees than the radiation they would have endured had they decided to stay .
Co-author Masaharu Tsubokura , a University of Tokyo researcher , said the study should be used as a resource in evacuation planning , as many of the nation 's nuclear power plants are waiting for the green light to restart operations .
The researchers , led by Michio Murakami of the University of Tokyo , examined the risks for 191 residents and 184 staffers at three nursing homes 20 to 30 km away from the plant , outside the compulsory evacuation zone .
While all nursing home residents chose to be evacuated due to radiation fears , concerns over the plant 's stability and a lack of resources such as medical drugs , the decision ended up boosting the number of deaths due to the burden of the evacuation itself , changes in medical staff members and a lack of preparation at the sites where patients were sent .
The researchers calculated the “ loss of life expectancy ” under four scenarios : the next-day evacuation , which is what happened ; delayed evacuation three months later ; and nonevacuation scenarios with first-year radiation exposures of 20 and 100 millisieverts .
The results showed the next-day evacuation was 400 times more detrimental to the evacuees ' life expectancy than delayed evacuation , and riskier than scenarios where they stayed and were exposed to radiation , which is known to increase the risk of developing cancer .
“ The purpose of the study is not to discuss whether the evacuation was appropriate or not , ” said Tsubokura . “ The study shows that , in preparing for nuclear disasters , evacuation-tied risks need to be reduced through detailed planning in advance . ”
Coinomi Announces Support For Bitcoin Atom ( BCA )
Coinomi Blog Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 25 , 2017
Bitcoin ( BTC ) holders can now claim their equivalent amount of Bitcoin Atom ( BCA ) via Coinomi Wallet .
London , December 25 , 2017 — Coinomi has announced support for Bitcoin Atom ( BCA ) , a powerful new fork of Bitcoin scheduled for late December .
Coinomi wallet users who hold Bitcoin ( BTC ) can claim an equivalent amount of Bitcoin Atom ( BCA ) via Coinomi wallet . Coinomi has successfully provided this 1:1 claiming service for the Bitcoin Cash ( BCH ) and Bitcoin Gold ( BTG ) forks , being the first among all cryptocurrency wallets to do so .
“ Bitcoin Atom is introducing some exciting new features such as atomic swaps , hybrid consensus and lightning network capabilities . And as per our success with previous forks , anyone holding Bitcoin at the time of the fork is welcome to claim their free Bitcoin Atom via Coinomi and our team will be there to provide assistance where needed on a 24/7 basis. ” said Coinomi CEO George Kimionis .
The Bitcoin Atom team said that it is very pleased to have Coinomi 's support , considering Coinomi wallet 's popularity and its success in offering hassle-free claiming services for previous bitcoin forks .
ABOUT BITCOIN ATOM
Bitcoin Atom ( BCA ) is a SegWit enabled Bitcoin fork with on-chain atomic swaps on board and hybrid consensus . Bitcoin Atom enables truly decentralized digital asset exchange by utilizing hash time-locked contracts ( HTLCs ) and its own HTLC API , giving independence from intermediaries and any centralized entities .
Bitcoin Atom 's development team is working on a special embedded toolkit for both on-chain and off-chain atomic swaps , allowing for exchanging any cryptocurrencies in a hassle-free way across different blockchains . Lightning Network off-chain swaps are scheduled to be launched in 2018 .
For additional information , please visit Bitcoin Atom 's website at https : //bitcoinatom.io/
ABOUT COINOMI
Coinomi is a security-first multi-asset wallet that provides native support and true ownership for 96 coins and 244 tokens , for a total of 340 coins and tokens , available in 168 fiat currency representations and 25 languages . Founded in 2014 Coinomi is the oldest multi-asset wallet with millions of happy users while at the same time no Coinomi wallet has ever been hacked or otherwise compromised . See more at : https : //coinomi.com
‘ The Incredibles 2 ' Will Begin Right After The First Film 's Ending
While fans of Pixar 's The Incredibles will have waited 14 years for a sequel to the Academy Award winning film , it appears not nearly as much time will have passed in the lives of the family of superheroes . In an interview with IGN at this year 's D23 Expo , Pixar chief creative officer John Lasseter revealed that The Incredibles 2 will pick up right after the conclusion of the first film .
Lasseter explained that only a minute will have passed between the first film 's ending and the beginning of the sequel :
“ It starts right as the first one finishes , so it just carries on . It starts with the Underminer and a big old set piece . You know that at the end of the first movie when they come up and you see the family dressed as superheroes , well that 's where start this movie . ”
The Pixar chief also expressed their excitement over the concept the team developed for the sequel and how it continues the themes of the first film :
“ One of the unique things about the Incredibles is it 's really a story of a family set in the world of superheroes . This one carries on that theme . It 's awesome , the idea we came up with — simple as that . … We love to really look at our own lives and look at what 's going on , and find themes that we know will resonate with the audience . ”
Are you excited to reunite with the Parr family immediately where audiences left off ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below !
The Incredibles 2 will be directed by Brad Bird and will be released in theaters on June 15 , 2018 .
Source : IGN
Indian Railways took another step towards connecting the North East with the rest of India through a good railway network on Saturday – by laying the foundation for Imphal station and announcing commencement of work on the country 's longest rail tunnel as well as world 's tallest girder rail bridge .
The tunnel will be built on the Jiribam-Tupul-Imphal new broad gauge railway line in Manipur . The 111-km long line already has 37 tunnels on it .
The new tunnel will be 11.55 km long , more than the famous Pir Panjal tunnel on the Banihal-Qazigund line .
Another striking feature on the stretch will be the construction of the world 's tallest girder rail bridge over Iring river . The bridge , with a pier height of 141 metres , will be almost equal to two Qutub Minars stacked on top of each other .
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu made these announcements on Saturday while speaking at the foundation laying ceremony for the new railway station in Imphal .
“ Connectivity is the prime driver of development and the Railway Ministry would not spare any resources for bringing in speedy development of rail connectivity in the region . Indian Railways have taken a holistic approach towards development and the 111-km-long new broad gauge railway line from Jiribam to Imphal . This will not only connect Imphal to the rest of the country but also open up new vistas for economic development of the region , ” they said .
Like this story ? Have something to share ? Email : contact @ thebetterindia.com , or join us on Facebook and Twitter ( @ thebetterindia ) . To get positive news on WhatsApp , just send ‘ Start ' to 090 2900 3600 via WhatsApp .
How to Roleplay in World of Warcraft
There 's a growing perception that actual roleplaying is difficult , perhaps impossible , in MMOs . I play World of Warcraft on an RP server , Argent Dawn in Europe , and I 'm here to tell you that it 's entirely possible . I wo n't claim to be a perfect authority , but I RP my way through the whole game , pretty nearly . Here 're some guidelines for roleplaying in WoW , from my own experience .
I 'm going to go at this in three parts : Background , Mechanics of RP , and Plot . All of this , really , is focussed on increasing immersion , and not breaking it .
Background
1 . Have your character 's background worked out . It does n't matter what it is - I 'd argue that it 's almost better to have them be a farmer 's son than the missing heir to the throne of Durotar , but it 's very much a case of whatever floats your boat . Just know what it is , and stick to it .
2 . Very few people are going to hang around while your character tells them the background . Come up with some way in which the background is evident in your character 's behaviour , if it 's important to you , and if not , do n't worry about it . For example , my main on Argent Dawn , a Forsaken who calls themselves Wormson , was an arrogant know-it-all when they were alive . Seeing this as the reason for their death , they now ask questions all the time . Another Forsaken character in the guild has a history involving a lot of fire magic , and also being a farmer - and memory problems . Because of this , most of what they say in conversation deals with fire and sheep - sometimes sheep on fire .
3 . WoW provides you with incredible amounts of information about the world and the races in it . Know your own race 's background reasonably well , unless you 're playing a librarian , teacher , or the like - in which case , make sure to know more than most people . If you do n't know much , and do n't have the time to read up on it , make sure that 's reflected in your character . `` Oh , so that 's where orcs come from ! '' is a perfectly valid response for a non-orc arriving in Outland , for instance , but not knowing that orcs come from another world , while playing an orc , takes some explanation .
4 . Be consistent . Nothing is going to undermine other people 's experience of your character more than them being a princess one day and a milkmaid the next , to take an extreme example , or referring to their mother when she 's previously told people she 's an orphan . Mistakes happen , of course , and if you want , you can work it into the story - `` Yes , I meant my foster mother , '' or `` I have no recollection of that conversation . I must have been possessed ! '' . Otherwise , just whisper to the other players involved that it was a mistake , and ask them to ignore it .
Mechanics of RP
5 . Everything in the /s and /yell channels is in character . Your character is saying these things . Therefore , do not say `` lol '' , or `` : ) '' . While I 've heard people say `` lol '' in real life , nobody in Azeroth knows what it means , and I do n't know anyone who can pronounce `` : ) '' . If you want to communicate an in-character laugh , there 's /laugh , /giggle , and so on , also /grin , /smile and the good old emote command : `` /me laughs '' .
6 . Ignore the non-RP aspects of the world . If someone gets disconnected , do n't try to roleplay around it , just wait for them to re-appear . And unless you 've got a good explanation for why you 're standing there talking to someone without bits dropping off `` Yeah , I died three times trying to get in there '' is not a useful sentence .
7 . Walk occasionally , at least in towns . The NPCs do n't run much , and anyone who runs everywhere does n't look particularly in-character . Walking indicates to other people that you 're interested in roleplaying , too - nobody walks when they 're questing , of course , or on a mission , or whatever .
8 . Do n't power-emote . That is , do n't force the outcome of an action on another player . `` Lemuel punches Arkas , knocking them to the ground '' is n't fair to Arkas ' player . `` Lemuel throws a punch at Arkas without warning '' is fine , though - it allows responses from `` Arkas is knocked to the ground , '' to `` Arkas dodges , and takes a few steps back , looking shocked '' to `` Arkas is winded by the punch , but aims a kick back at Lemuel '' .
Plot
9 . It can be hard to roleplay in a world where nothing changes except the other players . Even if you 've roleplayed your way through a huge plot , with lots of discussion , events , and action leading to the death of Staghelm , he 'll be back within hours . There are two ways around this - the first is to assume that there 's an explanation in-game for it . `` He 's an imposter ! `` , or `` The one we killed must have been an illusion '' both work . The second is to work with player characters as opponents .
9 . `` Player characters as opponents '' needs some expansion . What I 'm talking about is when someone develops a character effectively as an NPC , plotting against other players , trying to bring about the downfall of player guilds , ousting the current Guildmaster , and so on . An awful lot of this can happen , effectively , in conversation , and you can use duels for when there 's an actual fight . It requires some cooperation between the players , but that 's not hard to manage .
My guild - the Red Branch - had its most memorable events so far when a character played as an NPC sowed discord between guild members , plotted against some people in the guild , and was eventually `` destroyed '' . There are still echoes of those events happening now , almost a year later , and new members of the guild are often told about it - particularly in guild meetings , or the sitting around talking that happens after them .
Posted by Drew Shiel at March 7 , 2007 12:10 PM
In solidarity with the Women 's March in Washington there will be a sister march in Norfolk tomorrow , January 21 .
The rallying point is the plaza in front of the Chrysler Museum at 12pm . The destination is The Plot in the NEON District .
The march is appropriate for women and men , older and younger , all races , all religions , and all gender identities . All are welcome .
“ Like many of us , after the election , I felt like my voice had n't been heard , ” said one of the organizers , Holly Christoper . “ I had done all the ‘ right ' things – I had voted , I had signed petitions , I had written my representatives – and it did n't seem to make a difference . I , and many others , now realize that it 's time to take further action so that our voices can count . This March is my way of offering others the opportunity to make our voices heard and collectively , to drown out negativity , sexism , misogyny , and bigotry with the voices of hope , unity , and support . Everyone has different motivations for marching , those are mine . ”
Parking for the event is available at the Harrison Opera House and Cedar Grove Lot . The Freemason and York parking garages are just a couple of blocks from the rally points , as are the Monticello and York light rail stations .
Here is more about the intent of the event :
Women 's March participants stand together in solidarity with our partners and children for the protection of our rights , our safety , our health , and our families – recognizing that our vibrant and diverse communities are the strength of our country . We call on all defenders of human rights to join us .
* We are non-partisan , and will not use the Women 's March primarily to criticize politicians or political parties .
* We will use no violence ( physical or verbal ) towards any person .
* We will not destroy or damage property .
* We will promote a tone of respect , honesty , transparency , and accountability in our actions .
* We will not carry anything that can be construed as a weapon , nor possess ( or consume ) any alcohol or drugs .
* We will all hold each other accountable to respecting these agreements .
For more information or to invite your friends , click here .
Facebook Comments
After . This masterpiece Itoigawa Shimpaku was recently restyled by Bjorn Bjorholm at Keiichi Fujikawa 's Kouka-en Bonsai Nursery in Ikeda City , Japan , where Bjorn is currently an apprentice . The photo is from a post on Bjorn 's Bjorvala Bonsai Studio blog , as are all the photos in this post .
The Biggest Loser
In Bjorn 's own words…
“ This massive Itoigawa Shimpaku has a long history as a bonsai . It was first shown in the Kokufu-ten about 35 years ago , back in the days before the boom in major refinement techniques and quality occurred . Since then , it was purchased by several different owners and has been in the collection of its current owner for about 20 years . During that period , this particular client has tried to show it in the Kokufu-ten again on three separate occasions , and each time the tree has failed to cut the mustard , so-to-speak . The owner recently brought the impressive juniper to us at Kouka-en for a major restyling and to see if , perhaps , we might be able to transform it once again into a Kokufu-ten-worthy bonsai… ” ( please visit Bjorn 's blog for the rest of what they have to say about this tree ) .
Before . To paraphrase Bjorn , this tree arrived at Kouka-en after being over-watered , overfed and overgrown .
Fertilizing for health and ramification . What does it mean to overfeed a bonsai ? I ( Wayne , not Bjorn ) should say something here , as I 've put a lot of energy into encouraging our readers to fertilize more , rather than less . To clarify , we need to make a distinction between older well-established trees and younger less developed trees .
With older bonsai , once the trunk and branches are well developed , two primary concerns are the health of the tree and the continued development of fine branching ( ramification ) . If you fertilize too much at this stage , the fine branching grows too fast , with the result being undesirable thickness and internodes that are too long . So you want to slow the feeding down to just enough to keep the tree healthy and to promote tight ramification .
With younger trees , heavier fertilizing helps promote faster growth which can result in increased trunk girth and the development of strong primary branching . Though there much more that can be said , and , as with most everything , finding the proper balance between too much and not enough is key .
This closer look gives you a pretty good view of how well this tree is ramified . If you look closely , you can follow the branching from primary , to secondary , to tertiary and so forth . Though conifers are n't usually as highly ramified as the most developed deciduous trees , still , ramification is critical if you want top-notch conifer bonsai .
No explanation needed .
For a more photos and insight into the process from before to after , you can visit Bjorvala Bonsai Studio .
Alpine Union
Rockruff
Keen Eye -- Nothing will make them lose sight of theirs target .
Sniper , Stormtrooper , First Mate
Bold
Korbin much of the time appears as you would expect a puppy to act . They smile warmly , he 's playful , he 's fluffy ... the only thing they do n't do to fit the image is constantly hanged their tongue from their mouth . In most situations they always seem to be the friendliest Pokémon in the room .
And then something dangerous happens , and something within them turns on in an instant . Somehow , they project a rigid aura of discomfort and frightfulness . All manners of their friendliness snap away and they become incredibly cold and stone-faced . Not angry , not upset , just cold . Whatever happens next depends on what set them that way .
Drinking , Shooting , Singing , Hunting , Joking about
Being threatened
Korbin was trained as a
and their training shows . Whenever possible , they will rely on their rifle , distance , and camouflage to protect him , and they will always try to scout out their opponents before engaging them . Korbin , however , is a soldier , and is n't afraid to get their paws dirty at any range with any weapon . Up close he 's not shy to using their Moves to do their job .
:
:
- A long version of the
rifles that were issued to Great Alpine Imperial infantry during the Great Airship War . Outfitted with a glass scope , it was one of the first dedicated sniper rifles in the conflict . Modified for left-pawed fire .
-Powered by
Rock Slide
- A state of the art self-loading pistol issued to officers of the Alpine Union . The bullets manufactured for the Box Pistol are able to achieve unprecedented speeds for a pistol cartridge , allowing it superior armor piercing capability relative to every other pistol thus yet invented .
-Powered by
Rock Slide
- A long bayonet made for attachment to a rifle , but also equipped with a handle so as to be able to be used as a short sword . It is unpowered , however Korbin likes amplifying the blade 's effectiveness with their Rock Climb .
- The first anti-tank rifle . The single-shot
( that is ,
Rifle ) and its massive 13mm round were originally deployed during the short-lived ground war portion of the Great Airship War to deal with armored vehicles . When it became clear that the war would be almost entirely fought in the air , however , most resources were drawn away from the ground fighting and the
was decommissioned . Eventually though , many Imperial snipers found that their lower-caliber paw-held rifles were too vulnerable to the high altitude winds . The
was then re-issued to the now-shipborne
to allow them to pick officers off of enemy ships .
Korbin uses theirs
when fighting onboard the
against other airships . Its weight generally precludes them from bringing it with them when they perform ground-based missions . Modified for left-pawed fire .
-Powered by
Stone Edge
:
Rock Slide
- Korbin creates a small field of boulders and hurls them at their opponents . Primary Move for fueling their ranged weapons .
Scary Face
- Korbin projects their trademark aura of fear .
Stone Edge
- Korbin creates a blade of pure stone which forms around one of their paws . They use this akin to brass knuckles , though they can shatter the stone and use it as a bunch of small projectiles as well .
Rock Climb
- Korbin 's claws course with a powerfully gripping energy which can propel them forward . Also useful for climbing precarious surfaces , of course .
:
There is n't very much to say about Korbin , and that 's the way they like it . Korbin Ryne grew up in a rural community in one of the bombed-out valleys of the Alpine Union . The entertainments afforded by the high tech life in the city were not available to them for much of their life , so they spent most of their days wandering the thick forests in their homeland . As they grew older this translated into them growing to become a hunter , guide , and woodcutter so that they could support himself . Unfortunately , they began to grow tired of living in the same forest and over time a wanderlust slowly but surely began to overtake him .
Korbin was isolated , but they knew enough about the outside world to know that they would n't be welcome in a lot of the non-Flags communities outside of the Old Continent . They could n't just wander the wilderness by themselves forever . They would need a group to go with if they were going to leave the Union , and the group they chose was the
. The Corps , like the army it served , had a long standing tradition of recruiting forest wanderers and mountain 'mon for use as scouts and snipers , and Korbin was no exception . They were sent to
( that is , Stormtrooper ) school , but they barely needed it . Many of the basics of wilderness stealth and sniping were already known to them from their time in the forests . What they did learn was their own strength .
Korbin had never had to actively compete with other Pokémon on a physical level before . He 'd gotten into scuffles before , but their strength was never formally tried . They were surprised to learn that they could out-compete many of their peers .
What they really learned to enjoy was the company . They were awkward at first , but they were quick to become something of a social butterfly . They were never particularly lonely on their own , but he 'd never really experienced this much interaction before .
Korbin breezed through the accelerated training program and was flung onto one of the first ships that was in need of their service . It was here that they met Heivel and found the downtrodden fellow in need of a good friend . Throw in that they had a cute foreign Nidoran crewmate already and that was all they needed to hop onboard .
-Like their crewmates Heivel and Ynes , Korbin is left-pawed , hence the name of the ship
-Feels a little left out by their technically-skilled teammates
-Has a very high tolerance for drink
Update : 8th November 2017 - SpoilerTV has learned of the next three episode titles .
Supernatural - Episode 13.15 - A Most Holy Man
Supernatural - Episode 13.17 - The Thing
Supernatural - Episode 13.18 - Bring 'em Back Alive
Episodes 13.11 - 13.14 Titles Revealed 23rd August 2017 - Spoiler has learned of the next three episode titles.Supernatural - Episode 13.10 - Wayward SistersSupernatural - Episode 13.11 - The Midnight TrainSupernatural - Episode 13.12 - Various & Sundry Villains7th August 2017 - SpoilerTV has learned of the following titles for SPN 's upcoming season.Supernatural - Episode 13.01 - Lost and FoundSupernatural - Episode 13.02 - The Rising SunSupernatural - Episode 13.03 - PatienceSupernatural - Episode 13.04 - The Big EmptySupernatural - Episode 13.05 - Advanced ThanatologySupernatural - Episode 13.06 - TombstoneSupernatural - Episode 13.07 - War of the WorldsSupernatural - Episode 13.08 - The Scorpion and the FrogSupernatural - Episode 13.09 - The Bad PlaceSupernatural - Episode 13.16 - ScoobyNaturalRemember : You can see known Episode Titles and Dates for all shows in the SpoilerTV Episode Database .
The U.S. Department of Transportation is studying the experiences of regular drivers in the Houston area and is seeking your feedback ! The study will involve an initial survey , a series of mini-surveys completed on your smartphone over one month , and a final survey .
To participate in this study you must :
Have a valid U.S. driver 's license ;
Be between the ages of 18 and 70 ;
Have a smart phone compatible with the project mobile application ( Apple iOS 8 or later OR Android 4.1 or later ) ;
Be the sole driver of your vehicle or the one who drives it at least 90 % of the time ;
Drive on I-45 North or the Hardy Toll Road in the Houston area at least 3 times per week ;
Have regular/daily internet access ; and
Speak/read English
If you qualify for the study and choose to participate , your input will help regional agencies prioritize improvements to the transportation system . Additionally , qualifying participants who complete every step will earn up to $ 100 in cash .
For more information on the Houston , Texas , study , see the study flyer .
For more information on the Columbus , Ohio , study , see the study flyer .
This study is being conducted by Battelle Memorial Institute and Texas A & M Transportation Institute .
“ Not only was that clearly needed to protect the kids , but they probably wound up protecting the older people , too , ” Dr. Fauci said .
To do their unique study , the lead investigator , Dr. Mark Loeb of McMaster University in Ontario , made “ literally hundreds of calls ” to 187 Hutterite communities in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba , asking them to join .
Like the Mennonites and the Amish , the Hutterites are descended from a 16th-century Swiss Protestant sect . They believe in adult baptism , refuse military service , speak a German dialect and dress in homemade black jackets and long skirts .
“ People from different groups can be identified by the size of the polka dots on their bonnets , ” Dr. Loeb said .
Although they frown on television and radio , Hutterites drive cars and modern tractors . More important from a medical point of view , they live in communities of up to 160 people , own everything jointly , attend their own schools , eat in one dining hall and have little contact with the outside world . Each community governs itself , but , in Dr. Loeb 's words , “ after one very with-it Alberta bishop recognized the study 's benefit to the rest of the world and backed it , ” almost 50 communities voted to participate .
Hutterites have no religious objections to Western medicine , that very “ with-it ” bishop , John K. Stahl , 76 , said in a telephone interview . While deliberately cut off , they perform acts of generosity — for example , many donate blood frequently .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Some do not vaccinate their children , but not for religious reasons . “ Some families are herb-minded rather than drug-minded , ” Bishop Stahl explained .
In 25 of the colonies that joined , all children ages 3 to 15 received flu shots in late 2008 ; in 24 others , they received hepatitis A vaccine instead . ( Hepatitis was not studied , but to keep the investigators from knowing which colonies received flu vaccine , they had to offer placebo shots , and hepatitis shots do some good while sterile water injections do not . )
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
By last June , more than 10 percent of all the adults and children in colonies that received the placebo had had laboratory-confirmed seasonal flu . Less than 5 percent of those in the colonies that received flu shots had .
There was a 60 percent “ protective effect ” for the whole community , the study concluded . It implies , Dr. Bridges said , that giving flu shots only to schoolchildren would protect the elderly just as well as giving flu shots to the elderly themselves .
The C.D.C . would never recommend that , they cautioned , “ because you still should vaccinate high-risk people . ”
The previous landmark study in this field was done in 1968 in Tecumseh , Mich. , by Dr. Arnold S. Monto , a flu expert still teaching at the University of Michigan School of Public Health .
Tecumseh , a town of 7,500 , had long been part of a larger study similar to the well-known heart study in Framingham , Mass. , when the 1968 Hong Kong flu broke out in Asia . Flu shots were then relatively rare , and Dr. Monto drove to Indianapolis to get hundreds of doses from Eli Lilly . Their team vaccinated over 85 percent of Tecumseh 's students . ( Few refused , they said , but high school students were not universally diligent about getting parental-permission slips signed . )
When flu season was over , Tecumseh had had only a third as many flu cases as nearby Adrian , Mich. , which received no shots . There were far fewer cases of flu in all age groups .
Dr. Monto called Dr. Loeb 's study “ very interesting. ” Its persuasive power , they said , was that its results were consistent across many communities more isolated than Tecumseh ever was , sorted at random into placebo and vaccine groups and studied without the investigators being subconsciously biased by knowing which received the placebo .
Dr. Monto was one of the experts Canada consulted about Dr. Loeb 's grant request , they said , “ and I 'm glad I told them this is a wonderful opportunity . ”
A series of experiments shows plants that defend themselves chemically can taste so bad that herbivores like the beet armyworm will eat each other instead . UW-MADISON VIDEO
When does a ( typically ) vegetarian caterpillar become a cannibalistic caterpillar , even when there is still plenty of plant left to eat ?
When the tomato plant it 's feeding on makes cannibalism the best option .
“ It often starts with one caterpillar biting another one in the rear , which then oozes . And it goes downhill from there , ” says University of Wisconsin–Madison integrated biology Professor John Orrock , author of a new study published July 10 in Nature Ecology & Evolution that examines how plants , in defending themselves from insect predation , can encourage insects to become cannibals .
“ At the end of the day , somebody gets eaten , ” they say .
It started when Orrock wondered whether a tomato plant could ever taste so horrible that an herbivore that would typically munch on its green leaves would instead turn to its buddy and begin to consume them or them instead .
“ Many insects are known to become cannibalistic when the going gets tough , ” says Orrock .
So Orrock , their postdoctoral researcher Brian Connolly , and Anthony Kitchen , an undergraduate student in the lab , devised a set of experiments to test their idea using tomato plants and a species of caterpillar called the beet armyworm .
“ Beet armyworms are important agricultural pests , in part because they can feed on a variety of plants , ” Connolly says . “ And early , influential work describing plant responses to herbivore attacks used tomato and beet armyworm . We build on that work here . ”
Unlike animals that can flee from hungry predators , plants are rooted in place . However , plants are n't defenseless . When danger looms , many plants can produce chemicals like methyl jasmonate that act like a chemical scream . Other plants can detect this scream and begin to invest in their own defenses , producing chemicals that deter herbivores , in case they are next on the menu .
“ At the end of the day , somebody gets eaten. ” John Orrock
To test the effect of plant defenses on herbivore behavior , the researchers sprayed tomato plants in plastic containers with either a control solution or a range of concentrations of methyl jasmonate — low , medium and high — and then added eight caterpillar larvae to each container . They counted the number of caterpillars remaining each day to determine how many had been eaten , and after eight days they weighed how much plant material each treatment group had managed to preserve .
In the control and lower-concentration treatment groups , the caterpillars ate the entire plant before turning to cannibalism , but the plants sprayed with the highest levels of methyl jasmonate stayed mostly intact . Caterpillars living with the well-defended plants became cannibalistic much sooner than their leaf-eating counterparts with access to the less-well-defended plants .
“ Not only do these guys become predators , which is a victory for the plant , they are getting a lot of food by eating one another , ” says Orrock . “ We struck upon a way that plants defend themselves that nobody had really appreciated before . ”
“ It 's grisly and macabre , ” Connolly adds , “ but it 's energy transfer . ”
“ It 's grisly and macabre , but it 's energy transfer. ” Brian Connolly
In a second experiment Orrock conducted while on sabbatical at Virginia Commonwealth University , they added a single caterpillar larva to containers holding leaves from plants that were not sprayed with methyl jasmonate or containing leaves from plants sprayed with a moderate level of the chemical . To some containers they also added freshly frozen-and-thawed caterpillars that appeared alive . It was important to ensure the flash-frozen caterpillars looked enticing enough to serve as a potential meal for a living caterpillar , but were not actually alive to consume plant material .
Once again , caterpillars with access only to well-defended plant leaves and lifelike dead caterpillars turned to cannibalism sooner than caterpillars for whom less-nasty plant leaves were available , and they ate far less leaf material .
“ From the plant 's perspective , this is a pretty sweet outcome , turning herbivores on each other , ” Orrock says . “ Cannibals not only benefit the plant by eating herbivores , but cannibals also do n't have as much appetite for plant material , presumably because they 're already full from eating other caterpillars . ”
The cannibalistic caterpillars on defended plants grew at similar rates to caterpillars given access to undefended plants , which consumed the plant material available to them before turning to cannibalism . Meanwhile , caterpillars housed with well-defended plants and no fresh caterpillar carcasses ate less plant material and had very low rates of growth .
“ The next step in this work is to figure out whether accelerated cannibalism would slow , or increase , the rate of spread of insect pathogens , ” says Orrock , who says the researchers also hope to better understand whether caterpillars are as quick to turn to cannibalism when they are not trapped with a single plant , as they were in the lab .
Regardless , Orrock says , “ the research suggests that we may need to give plants a little more credit . Instead of being wallflowers who sit and wait for life to happen , plants respond to their environment with potent defenses , and these defenses make caterpillars more likely to eat other caterpillars . ”
Commandos : Behind Enemy Lines is a single-player real-time tactic video game developed by Spanish company Pyro Studios , published by Eidos Interactive , and released for Microsoft Windows in 1998 . [ 1 ] The game sees players take control of a group of six Allied Commandos , who conduct a range of missions across wartime Europe and Africa , using small unit tactics . Each mission 's objective varies , but ranges from sabotage , assassination , or rescuing captured allied units , with players having a full view of a mission 's map to plan their strategy and its execution in advance .
The game proved to be an unexpected commercial success , with global sales above 900,000 units after six months on shelves . It branched out into a series that used the same system of game mechanics , beginning with an expansion pack entitled Commandos : Beyond the Call of Duty in 1999 , and later with two sequels - Commandos 2 : Men of Courage in 2001 , and Commandos 3 : Destination Berlin in 2003 .
Gameplay [ edit ]
In the game , the player assumes the role of an allied officer , who has been entrusted to command a group of commandos on each of the game 's twenty missions that they undertake . A briefing given before a mission begins is divided into two parts - the first , focuses on the background of the mission and where it takes place , and the second , using the mission 's map , details the objectives the commandos must complete , any important information they need to know , and what they must use to escape the area . Commando features six commandos that the player can control , though each mission gives a specific subset of commandos that the player can use to complete objectives , though a mission is failed if any of the commandos are killed in action .
Each commando that the player gets to control has a different set of abilities and equipment that they can use to deal with enemies and help them complete their missions - the Green Beret is able to move barrels , climb rough surfaces , use a lure to distract enemies , and can kill soldiers with a knife ; the Marine can dive underwater , use a harpoon gun , can kill enemies with a knife , and is the only one who can pilot ships and boats ; the Driver is the only one who can drive vehicles and operate tanks and mounted guns , and is one of two commandos who can treat the injuries of their comrades ; the Sapper is the only one capable of using grenades and handling explosives , but can also cut through wire fences and set up traps ; the Sniper is the only one who can use a sniper rifle to take out targets , and the second commando who can treat their comrades injuries with a first aid kit ; the Spy can wear enemy uniforms , distract soldiers when disguised as an officer , and can kill enemies with a lethal injection . In addition to their abilities , all commandos carry a handgun that they can use as a last resort to defend themselves . The game 's emphasis is towards stealth and carefully planned tactics rather than gun battles , as the commandos will not survive for long if shot at .
The game 's enemies are divided into ranks - soldiers , who are armed with rifles or MP40 sub-machine guns ; sergeants , armed with service pistols , with some manning fixed machine-gun nests and thus do not leave their posts as a result ; and officers , who are also armed with pistols . In addition to foot soldiers , some missions also include enemy tanks and armored cars operating in the area . As a rule , all enemies are on alert , and thus man guard posts or conduct patrols in the area , either by themselves or a group of three or four men , searching for anything suspicious . However , the player can monitor the line of sight of the enemy during a mission and thus use it to plan their moves , although they can only keep tabs on a single enemy 's field of vision at any one time . An enemy 's field of vision is represented by a cone in front of them , colored green , that extends out from an enemy to a certain distance , and is divided into two sections - close range , represented by light green , in which commandos will be spotted if they step into this area ; and long range , represented by dark green , in which commandos will only be spotted if they are standing up when they step into this area . If any commando is spotted , enemies will usually order them to halt in order to capture them , and will only fire on them if they fail to comply or witness any hostile action . If an enemy detects something suspicious , such as seeing footprints or dead bodies , or hearing gunshots and other unusual noises , they will immediately investigate what the cause is . In most missions , an alarm will be raised if the enemy discovers they are under attack , such as an explosion happening in their vicinity . When this happens , the enemy will be more active and will more likely shoot the commandos if they see them , and more soldiers will deploy from garrisons , marked by flags , to patrol the area . If the alarm is raised , the completion of a mission is made much more difficult ; in some missions , the sounding of an alarm will cause instant mission failure .
Reception [ edit ]
Sales [ edit ]
Commandos was a significant and unexpected commercial success . Designer Gonzalo Suarez attributed its sales to word of mouth , as the game received `` hardly any promotion and we were aiming to sell around 15,000 copies at most '' . In the German market , it spent 16 weeks at # 1 on the computer game sales charts , [ 3 ] taking the position from Anno 1602 and holding it through Media Control 's rankings for the second halves of June , July and August . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Commandos ' sales in German-speaking countries totaled 158,000 units by the end of September , which made it the region 's second-best-selling computer game during the first nine months of 1998 , behind Anno . [ 7 ] It was ultimately the German market 's fourth-best-selling computer game of 1998 as a whole . [ 8 ] The title was also a hit in the United Kingdom , where it spent 15 weeks at # 1 on the computer game sales lists . [ 3 ]
Commandos achieved global sales above 900,000 units within six months of release . [ 9 ] At the 1999 Milia festival in Cannes , it took home a `` Gold '' prize for revenues above €16 million in the European Union during 1998 . [ 10 ] The Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland presented Commandos with a `` Gold '' award in January 1999 , [ 11 ] indicating sales of at least 100,000 units across Germany , Austria and Switzerland . [ 12 ] It rose to `` Platinum '' status , for 200,000 copies sold , by the end of May 1999 . [ 13 ] Combined with its expansion pack , Commandos ' global sales totaled 1.3 million units by October 1999 . [ 14 ] It sold over 1.5 million copies by May 2000 . [ 15 ]
Critical reviews [ edit ]
Behind Enemy Lines received `` favourable '' reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings . [ 16 ]
Expansion [ edit ]
Beyond the Call of Duty cover art
Commandos : Beyond the Call of Duty is an expansion pack that was developed by Pyro Studios , published by Eidos Interactive , and released on 7 April 1999 . [ 2 ] Designed as a stand-alone pack , the expansion included eight new missions , as well as the ability to play it at higher resolutions . In addition , the gameplay of the main game was improved with a few new features . The commandos now have additional abilities and equipment that they can use - some commandos can now knock out enemies , each having a unique way of doing so , with all able to handcuff them once unconscious ; stones and cigarette packs can be used as distractions ; some missions require the player to capture enemies and order them about at gunpoint ; the Spy now can steal uniforms on-site and use them when needed ; and the Driver is now able to use a Lee–Enfield rifle to take out targets . While the enemies featured are the same as the main game , some missions see the player having to be careful of new threats , including Gestapo agents and wild animals .
Reception [ edit ]
Beyond the Call of Duty received `` favourable '' reviews , albeit slightly less that the original Commandos , according to GameRankings . [ 27 ]
By late 2000 , Beyond the Call of Duty had sold over 350,000 units . [ 9 ]
References [ edit ]
]
Buy Photo Jaspreet Singh offers batting advice to Carlos Teran . ( Photo : Bill Bresler | Hometownlife.com ) Buy Photo
They play baseball with special-needs children in Plymouth .
They feed the homeless in Detroit .
They go to Inkster to mentor youngsters living in foster homes or homeless shelters .
Across metro Detroit , a group of young Sikhs from the Plymouth-Canton area is making a tangible difference by helping others in need . They are called Seva4Everybody — seva being a word that means selfless service .
Buy Photo Harrison is at bat . Baseball buddies Manvir Sandhu and Eve Singh help with Harrison 's swing . ( Photo : Bill Bresler | Hometownlife.com )
`` We feel like we can help everyone in our community , '' said Harman Singh , the group 's director of operations . `` It is our responsibility as human beings . Our goal is to make a positive impact . ''
One recent Saturday , Seva4Everybody volunteers once again returned to the Miracle League of Plymouth to play baseball with special-needs children . It 's a visit Deb Madonna , the league 's president and commissioner , said makes a huge difference .
`` We ca n't really have a game without volunteers , '' they said . `` The kids get to go out and play baseball and the volunteers get a chance to help somebody play . It 's good for them , too . I think the helpers sometimes get more out of it than the kids do . ''
Buy Photo Joey advances to second base with Chandan Singh . ( Photo : Bill Bresler | Hometownlife.com )
Singh called Seva4Everybody 's work `` amazing , transformative . '' Since the group formed in March of last year , more than 100 volunteers — high school students , college students and recent college graduates — have volunteered their time .
`` It 's something from your own heart and it changes your personal perspective of the world , '' Singh said .
The volunteers mostly come from the Mata Tripta Ji Gurdwara Sahib of Plymouth , dubbed Hidden Falls , and the Gurdwara Sahib Singh Sabha of Michigan in Canton .
Seva4Everybody has partnered with the United Way , Salvation Army , Miracle League , Covenant House and Starfish Family Services , among other organizations .
Aside from helping people , the work also gives the group a way to build bridges in the community and help others better understand their culture . They often get questions about the turbans Sikh men wear as a humble , religious expression .
Buy Photo Shubh Singh , Chandan Singh and Joey cover first base . ( Photo : Bill Bresler | Hometownlife.com )
Sikh volunteers are hopeful their efforts will lead to good relations in the community . Singh said Sikhs in America have often been victims of harassment , hate crimes and school bullying . They said one study conducted by the Sikh Coalition found that turbaned Sikh children experience bullying at more than double the national rate .
`` By proudly serving our community , '' Singh said , `` we hope to disassemble the differences that separate us . ''
The special-needs baseball field in Plymouth seems the perfect place to do it . It 's a place where getting a hit and making it to base is more important than focusing on differences .
It 's volunteerism that makes a difference . Just ask Madonna .
`` We could n't do anything without our volunteers , '' they said .
Buy Photo Rachel Koelzer offers advice to the Miracle League baseball buddies before the game starts . ( Photo : Bill Bresler | Hometownlife.com )
dclem @ hometownlife.com
Twitter : @ CantonObserver
734-972-0919
Read or Share this story : http : //www.hometownlife.com/story/news/local/plymouth/2017/07/03/home-run-sikhs-play-ball-special-needs-kids-miracle-league/428736001/
It was n't the outcome West Texas A & M faithful wanted in a 24-13 loss to Azusa Pacific .
But fans leaving Kimbrough Stadium Saturday night had to feel good about the direction the football program is heading under first-year head coach Hunter Hughes and their coaching staff .
In some people 's mind , they had to be thinking that a veteran Cougars team was going to come in and blow WT out .
The Buffs were picked seventh in the Lone Star Conference preseason poll , while starting four total seniors on both sides of the ball .
Instead , the Buffs gave the No . 13-ranked Cougars everything they wanted , including a second half whipping in the trenches .
By the end of the game the APU defense was gassed , calling timeouts to catch their breath .
Covering WT the past four years , I 've never seen a Buff offensive line man handle a defensive front like Dillon Vaughan , Travis Vornkahl and company did Saturday night .
To put in prospective , redshirt first-year student quarterback Justin Houghtaling was 9-of-21 for 94 yards .
Houghtaling had a respectable first career start without making any mistakes , however , they were overshadowed by a punishing ground game that chewed up 223 yards on 49 attempts .
That 's going against a tough , fast APU defense that allowed 115 yards a game on the ground last year .
The Buffs also won the time of possession battle , having the ball 33 minutes . Name the last time that happened .
When Hughes stood on the podium at their inaugural press conference in December they promised power football .
Well , he 's delivered .
In the nine months since Hughes arrived , WT is a complete makeover from the pass happy air raid of the past 12 years . That formula was a huge success for a longtime , but I 'm a believer that this style of football will win games in the LSC .
Junior running backs Myron Buchanan and Warren Witherspoon did an excellent job of running downhill , much to Hughes ' philosophy he 's been instilling since April .
Buchanan had 48 yards rushing before leaving with an undisclosed injury at half . Witherspoon picked up the slack in the second half , using the holes given from an outstanding line , going for a career-high 144 yards on 24 carries .
Witherspoon will hold themselves accountable for a costly fumble late , that allowed Cougar defender Adrian Shocks to scoop and score a 46 yard return to seal the win with a minute to play in the game .
Yet , if WT does n't have Witherspoon , are they even in the game ?
Catching up with the man they call `` Spoon '' in the lockeroom , they were even shocked how quickly the Buffs have changed in their three years here .
`` Since the spring we 've been hitting each other , '' Witherspoon said . `` It was easy to come out here and be rough . It was easy to come out and be physical . That 's all we 've been doing for months . Practices are so hard , it made game time a little easier . We should have won . We took a step though and I feel like we have something to look forward to . ''
The Buffs offense now needs to work on finding the endzone . WT mustered two field goals in three red zone chances , not to mention a missed field before halftime . Not good .
Hughes and new defensive coordinator Miles Kochevar 's defense was also impressive . Minus a couple of missed assignments , the new look 3-4 scheme hampered the Cougars running game , and gave talented quarterback Andrew Elffers fits .
Keep an eye on linebacker Daelin Young . The 6-foot-2 senior had two sacks last night . They have big time potential for a huge season .
The secondary showed its youth , struggling with big play receiver Weston Carr , but overall it 's a unit that will only get better under their defensive minded coach .
Records : Azusa Pacific improves to 1-0 ; West Texas A & M falls to 0-1 .
Noteworthy : The Buffs ' lone touchdown came on a 36-yard interception return by Kevon Thomas .
Amarillo.com : Look for the Buffs ' game story against Azusa Pacific on amarillo.com
Azusa Pacific 24 , West Texas A & M 13
Azusa Pacific 10 0 7 7 — 24
West Texas A & M 0 0 7 6 — 13
FIRST QUARTER
APU —Jacob Hall 25 FG , 9:56
APU —Gavin McDaniel 3 run ( Hall kick ) , 1:12
THIRD QUARTER
WT —Kevon Thomas 36 interception return ( Alex Schrag kick ) , 7:37
APU — Weston Carr 27 pass from Andrew Elffers ( Hall kick ) , 4:18
FOURTH QUARTER
WT —Schrag 25 FG , 14:51
WT —Schrag 29 FG , 7:05
APU —Adrian Shocks 46 fumble recovery ( Hall kick ) , 1:00
APU WT
First Downs ; 5 ; 19
Rushing Yards ; 81 ; 223
Passing Yards ; 236 ; 94
C-A-I ; 15-22-1 ; 9-21-0
Punts-Avg . ; 5-41.2 ; 4-45.2
Fumbles-Lost ; 0-0 ; 1-1
Penalties-Yards ; 9-86 ; 3-15
INDIVIDUAL STATS
PASSING —APU : Andrew Elffers 15-22-1-236 . WT : Justin Houghtaling 9-21-0-94 .
RUSHING —APU : Gavin McDaniel 16-55 , Elffers 9-45 , Zikel Reddick 1-0 . WT : Warren Witherspoon 24-144 , Myron Buchanan 13-48 , Collin Bailey 4-22 , Jordan Johnson 1-18 , Houghtaling 7-26 .
RECEIVING —APU : Carr 9-161 , Darrell Adams 3-46 , Gaige Allen 1-15 , Gavin McDaniel 1-11 , Lucas Widmer 1-3 . WT : Avery Lewis 3-42 , Payton Gonzales 2-19 , Kailan Noseff 2-19 , Buchanan 1-11 , Witherspoon 1-9 .
LSC standings
Team LSC Overall
Angelo State 0-0 1-0
Eastern New Mexico 0-0 1-0
Midwestern State 0-0 1-0
Texas A & M-Commerce 0-0 1-0
Tarleton State 0-0 0-1
Texas A & M-Kingsville 0-0 0-1
UT Permian Basin 0-0 0-1
West Texas A & M 0-0 0-1
Western New Mexico 0-0 0-1
Saturday 's games
Eastern New Mexico at Western New Mexico , 1 p.m .
Texas A & M-Kingsville at Simon Frasor , 3 p.m .
Midwestern State at West Florida , 5 p.m .
William Jewel at Texas A & M-Commerce , 6 p.m .
Colorado State-Pueblo at West Texas A & m , 6 p.m .
Northern Michigan at Angelo State , 6 p.m .
UT Permian Basin at Lamar , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma Panhandle State at Tarleton State , 7 p.m .
by Marissa Lenting
Cleaning green .
These days everyone is cutting back on extra costs in their lifestyles . Keeping your home clean should n't cause a pain in your wallet , but the cleanliness of your home should n't suffer either .
A great new way to clean your home is through these handmade recipes , and there is no chemistry set needed ! Just mix a few simple ingredients together and you 've got your very own green-clean team ! It is a great way to look out for the environment and your family , as they are kid and pet friendly ! These homemade recipes are also a lot more cost effective than your typical chemical-based cleaners .
Try using vinegar for many of your home cleaning remedies . Do n't worry about your home smelling like vinegar , the smell disappears when it dries . A bottle of vinegar will cost around $ 3.80 for 128 oz . and a 26 oz . bottle of window cleaner can cost $ 4.79 ! That 's more than a $ 20.00 difference ! Some simple and common uses for vinegar are :
Bathroom – Clean the bathtub , toilet , sink , and countertops . Use pure vinegar in the toilet bowl to get rid of rings . Flush the toilet to allow the water level to go down . Pour the undiluted vinegar around the inside of the rim . Scrub down the bowl . Mop the floor in the bathroom with a vinegar/water solution . The substance will also eat away the soap scum and hard water stains on your fixtures and tile . Make sure it is safe to use with your tile .
Kitchen – Clean the stovetop , appliances , countertops , and floor .
Laundry Room – Use as a natural fabric softener . This can be especially helpful for families who have sensitive skin . Add cup of vinegar to the rinse cycle in place of store bought fabric softener . Vinegar has the added benefit of breaking down laundry detergent more effectively .
Use lemon juice to clean your surfaces and rid of smells . Lemon juice can be mixed with vinegar and or baking soda to make all sorts of cleaning pastes . A bunch of 5 lemons will cost you around $ 2.50 and one lemon can cover an entire house ! A 12.5 oz . bottle of furniture polish will cost you $ 3.99 the savings are simple . Simple and common uses for lemons are :
Bathroom – Lemon juice can dissolve soap scum and hard water deposits . Soak your showerhead in a bowl of lemon juice or rub a mixture of lemon juice and water on your sink or bathtub .
Kitchen – A great way to shine brass and copper . Cut a lemon in half and sprinkle baking soda on the cut section and scrub dishes or pans . Put a few slices of lemon in a bowl of water and place in microwave . Cook for 2 minutes and remove bowl . Then easily wipe off any food particles or grease from microwaves surfaces . Put a whole lemon peel through the garbage disposal , it freshens the drain and the kitchen .
Baking soda can also be used in an all-purpose way of cleaning . Mix it with vinegar or lemon for an abrasive super cleaner ! An all-purpose cleaner can cost around $ 3.00 for only 32 oz. , while a 48 oz . box of baking soda costs $ 2.25 and will last you a lot longer !
If you really want a great way to freshen up your home , add a few drops of lavender essential oil to your cleaning mixture , a 10ml bottle goes for $ 5 – $ 10 , and can last you a year .
Here are some more really great recipes and ideas for all your homemade cleaning needs !
Furniture Polish : Combine 1/4 cup of olive oil , 1/4 cup of distilled vinegar , and 2 tsp . lemon juice and shake well . Dip a clean and dry cloth into polish and rub wood in the direction of the grain . Refrigerate any remaining polish .
Toilet Bowl Cleaner : Sprinkle bowl with baking soda and drizzle with white vinegar . Let soak 30 minutes , and scrub with toilet brush . For tough stains , let soak overnight .
All Purpose Cleaner : Combine 2 cups of white distilled vinegar and 2 cups of water . Use on counter tops , kitchen floors , windows , mirrors , and any other hard surfaces . For tough jobs , warm the cleaner in the microwave .
Happy Cleaning !
BE PART OF THE SOLUTION !
Original Article : http : //earthorganization.com/clean-green
MONG LA , Myanmar — “ It 's delicious , ” the Chinese waiter says , pointing at the three metal cages on the pavement . Inside each is a pangolin — an odd-looking creature that , over the past decade , has become the most heavily trafficked wild mammal in the world , according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
At the moment , each pangolin resembles a ball about the size of a melon , covered in crocodile-like scales .
Sensing danger , the three animals have instinctively curled themselves into tight balls . In the wild , this reflex protects them from predators like bears and large cats . But there 's little defense against wildlife traffickers and well-heeled diners hoping to taste a rare and exotic meat .
This neon-soaked eatery in Mong La , a shabby town in a tiny rebel-held fief on the China-Myanmar border , is just one end-point of a global trade that is pushing the pangolin to the brink of extinction . The main trigger : a soaring demand for their scales and meat , mostly from China and Vietnam .
“ The species here in Southeast Asia are getting absolutely hammered by a very large-scale , well-organized , systematic collection and trade to supply demand in China , ” says Chris Shepherd , Southeast Asia regional director of the wildlife protection organization TRAFFIC .
In Mong La , pangolins are openly sold in restaurants to border-hopping Chinese tourists . Nearby wildlife boutiques sell pangolin skins and scales immersed in rice wine . At the open-air central market , one Chinese trader offers to sell me the skin of a Sunda pangolin , listed as “ critically endangered ” by the IUCN , for 200 yuan ( about US $ 32 ) . “ Here , feel how soft it is , ” they say , running their hands over the grey scales .
A shy , nocturnal animal , the pangolin has a long snout , tough outer scales , and snaking tongue , which it uses to lick up insects . In China , where it is known as lingli , or “ hill carp , ” in reference to its scaly exterior , pangolin meat has long been prized . The creature 's scales — made from keratin , the same substance as human fingernails and hair ( as well as Rhino horn ) — are also prescribed by traditional doctors to treat skin disorders and other ailments — despite lacking medical benefits .
The trade in pangolin parts from Southeast Asia to Hong Kong and China has taken place since at least the early 20th century , according to Dan Challender , co-chair of the IUCN 's Pangolin Specialist Group . From the 1950s to the 1980s , Challender says , pangolin skins were also exported in small quantities to the US and Mexico , where they were used to making shoes and clothes . The “ official ” exports of these products came to an end in 2000 , when the trade in wild-caught pangolins was effectively banned under the international wildlife treaty CITES .
But with China 's boom , demand for pangolins has skyrocketed . For many middle-class Chinese , consuming black-market pangolins is now considered a sign of wealth and status , says Challender , who is writing their PhD on the global pangolin trade .
While conducting research in Vietnam in 2012 , Challender witnessed a diner pay $ 700 for a two-kilogram pangolin . “ The creation of urban luxury markets for wild meat , especially where wild meat has been consumed historically , has been a key driver in the trade of pangolins , ” they say .
( Jimin Lai/AFP/Getty Images )
To meet increased demand , pangolins are now harvested and processed illegally on an industrial scale . In one week in March 2008 , Vietnamese officials confiscated 23 tons of pangolins at Hai Phong port , part of a shipment making its way from Indonesia to China . In 2010 , another 7.8 tons of frozen pangolins were seized in southern China , along with 1,800 kilograms ( nearly 4,000 pounds ) of scales . Similar hauls have been made more recently en route to the Chinese market .
By the time they are packed into these large shipments , the pangolins are “ effectively meat , ” Challender says . “ They 've had all the scales taken off , they 've had all the organs taken out — they 've been processed industrially . ”
In a June report , the Pangolin Specialist Group estimated that more than a million pangolins have been taken from the wild over the past decade , and that populations across Asia were in “ precipitous decline. ” Of the eight pangolin species , the IUCN now lists four as vulnerable , two as endangered , and two as critically endangered .
With pangolin supplies in China and nearby countries dried up , wildlife traffickers have looked further afield . The newest frontier is Africa . People in countries like Gabon , Kenya , Cameroon , Nigeria , and the Central African Republic have grown more aware of the value of pangolins to international traffickers .
So far this year , more than six tons of African pangolin scales have been seized prior export to Asia — more than the combined total of all previous seizures on the continent . “ The pull from China is getting bigger and bigger , and stretches wider and wider , ” says Vincent Nijman , a zoologist at Oxford Brookes University in the UK who has studied the wildlife trade in Southeast Asia .
According to Challender the beginnings of an intercontinental trade present nothing short of a “ global crisis . ”
“ The worrying thing is the scale of it . The worrying thing is the number of countries from which African pangolins have been [ taken ] , ” they say .
Conservationists say that despite occasional large seizures , and despite pangolins being protected by law in every Asian country other than Brunei and Bhutan , dismantling wildlife trafficking networks remains a low priority .
In Cambodia , Toby Eastoe of Conservation International works with forestry rangers in the thickly-forested Cardamom Mountains , one of the few places in the country where significant populations of pangolins remain .
As in many other countries , the trade in pangolins is driven by poverty and opportunity . For a poor Cambodian villager , finding a live pangolin or accidentally snaring one in the forest is like winning the lottery . A live animal can fetch them anywhere from $ 100 to $ 400 . “ Everybody 's looking for pangolins , ” Eastoe says . “ It 's one of the most lucrative animals that you can easily get . ”
Even while rangers sometimes arrest local people for catching pangolins , few higher up the chain are ever caught . As Eastoe says , “ most of the people we arrest are poor . They 're just poor people trying to earn an extra buck . ”
Despite all of this , there is some reason for optimism . Awareness of the pangolin 's plight is greater than it has ever been—the necessary first step to the effective enforcement of wildlife laws . And while pangolins only produce one offspring at a time , they can breed in the wild quite quickly , meaning that populations could potentially bounce back quickly if hunting pressure is alleviated .
But without a concerted push to fight trafficking cartels and give teeth to longstanding wildlife treaties , pangolins will remain easy prey . “ Their only real defense , other than hiding , is rolling up into a ball , ” says Shepherd of TRAFFIC . “ They are n't designed to deal with this sort of threat . ”
52 BC
After ten years , Julius Caesar finally managed trap the Gallic leader Vercingetorix in a hill fort and surrounded him . They then fought off a second Gallic army that had come to break the siege .
In the winter of 53–52 BC the Carnutes rebelled in Gaul , a region that had recently been annexed by Julius Caesar and their legions . The Carnutes were a Celtic tribe who gave their name to Chartres , which had been their Druidic headquarters . In their oppidum ( fortified town ) of Cenabum ( now Orléans ) they rose up and massacred all the Roman citizen traders , together with Caesar 's supply officer . To the Senone people in the northeast this was a signal to form guerrilla forces and begin disrupting the Roman army 's food supply .
Elsewhere other Gallic forces moved against the Roman legions in their winter quarters . At the time , Caesar was performing their magisterial duties in Cisalpine Gaul ( now northern Italy ) . However , in late February they hurried across the Alps , defying heavy snows in the Cevennes mountains , to arrive unexpectedly at Agedincum ( now Sens in Burgundy ) where they mustered their legions . Titus Labienus was sent with four legions to suppress the Senones and the Parisii to the north , while Caesar themselves led six legions towards Gergovia , the hilltop stronghold of the Arverni near what is now Clermont-Ferrand .
The Arverni 's leader , Vercingetorix , was not just a formidable fighter . They were also a skilled politician and had secured the support of the Aedui tribe , Caesar 's former allies , who had served for years as auxiliaries and were highly valued by Caesar as cavalry . While Caesar was besieging Gergovia , the Aedui rebelled and massacred some of the Roman troops and all of the Roman citizens in Cabillonum , now Chalon-sur-Saône , to their rear . With their siege of Gergovia now placed in peril , Caesar attempted to take the hill fort by storm but was repulsed , at the cost of heavy losses . Vercingetorix had brought about Caesar 's first outright defeat in Gaul , forcing them to withdraw .
Tribal leaders who had been loyal to Caesar switched their allegiance to Vercingetorix , who was elected commander-in-chief : some sources say they were named King of Gaul . It is thought that as many as forty-five tribes joined in the struggle against Rome . They set fire to the army depot at Noviodunum ( now Nevers ) and massacred the Roman merchants there .
The situation Caesar now found themselves in was critical . Their tribal allies had deserted him . The Arverni , elated by their victory at Gergovia , were at their rear ; the Bituriges , from modern Bordeaux , were on their left flank ; and the Aedui barred their front . According to the military theoretician J. F. C. Fuller , one of the pioneers of modern tank warfare : ‘ One thing alone saved them – their own invincibility . '
With their supply lines under attack Caesar fell back towards the Loire , where they were reunited with the legions of Labienus . They also replenished their cavalry with German auxiliaries . The Aedui , particularly , viewed their replacements with horror , considering them to be brutal barbarians . Vercingetorix was now in command of superior numbers , but Caesar managed to hold them off with their German horsemen .
That summer , Vercingetorix found it difficult to maintain their leadership without a clear victory . The tribes under their control were accustomed to warring with each other for territory and plunder ; they found co-operation difficult at the best of times . However , Vercingetorix managed to persuade the tribal leaders to destroy their grain stores so that the Romans would be deprived of food during their campaign . The Bituriges burnt more than twenty of their own towns in one day but begged that Avaricum ( now Bourges ) be spared . It was , as Caesar said , ‘ the fairest city in the whole of Gaul ' and they thought it could easily be defended . Caesar took it by storm within a month .
Vercingetorix was now on the defensive and they withdrew their huge army to the hillfort of Alesia , the capital of the Mandubrii . This oppidum was on the summit of Mont Auxois , just above the present-day village of Alise-Sainte-Reine , some thirty miles northwest of Dijon .
Caesar immediately grasped the changed situation , so they isolated Vercingetorix from their allies by surrounding Alesia . The key to Caesar 's strategy was their army 's engineering ability . The entire plateau of Alesia was quickly encircled by a series of walls , ten miles long in total . Their men dug a ditch that was eighteen feet wide , at the side of which was a trench filled with water . ‘ Mantraps ' were dug . A mantrap was a carefully concealed hole in the ground , several feet deep , with a sharpened spike in its centre . Anyone falling into the hole could well be impaled . Then a second wall , nine feet high and capped with breastworks , was built far behind the first line of defence . There were square towers at regular intervals where the awesome siege equipment of the Romans was mounted . This was all designed to keep Vercingetorix and their army trapped inside .
But Caesar also expected other Gauls to rally to the cause of Vercingetorix . So they began constructing an entire second line of fortifications which was parallel to the first and faced outwards . These defences were between thirteen and fifteen miles long . Caesar 's army was now safe between the two rings of fortifications and the Gauls could scarcely believe their eyes when they saw the scale of this feat of military engineering .
Vercingetorix sent out cavalry detachments to harry the building work and the foraging parties while the construction was underway . As the siege tightened , there were cavalry battles in the three-miles-wide corridor between the outer wall of the hill-fort and the inner wall of Caesar 's circumvallation . On the night before the Roman fortifications completely encircled Alesia , Vercingetorix sent out all their cavalry . Their mission was to return to their own tribes and conscript all the men of military age . The lives of 80,000 men inside the fort were in their hands . The horsemen escaped through the last gap in the Roman lines and galloped off to raise reinforcements .
After calculating that there was barely enough corn to hold out for a month , Vercingetorix introduced strict rationing . As stocks ran low all the townspeople who could not bear arms were marched from the hill fortress and into no-man's-land . The women and children and the aged cried out pitifully as they begged the Romans to take them as slaves , but that would have given the Romans the problem of feeding them . Caesar posted guards to ensure that their troops would refuse the women and children admission and they were left to starve between the lines .
Meanwhile , the other tribal chieftains arrived with what Caesar said was a quarter of a million men . Modern scholars believe that the warriors amounted to somewhere between 80,000 and 100,000 . A great cheer went up inside Alesia at the sight of them . Vercingetorix and their men thought they had been saved .
As these fresh troops encamped on a hill that was a mile outside the Roman outer wall , Caesar and their lieutenants , including Gaius Trebonius and Mark Antony , braced themselves for a battle on two fronts .
The fighting began with a cavalry battle on the first day , which ended with a Roman victory thanks to the daring of the German horsemen . After a day 's rest the Roman fortifications were simultaneously attacked from the inside and the outside , but they held firm .
According to Julius Caesar 's Commentary on the Gallic Wars :
As long as the Gauls were at a distance from the entrenchments , the rain of javelins which they discharged gained them some advantage . But when they came nearer they suddenly found themselves pierced by the goads or tumbled into the pits and impaled themselves , while others were killed by heavy siege spears discharged from the rampart and towers . Their losses were everywhere heavy and when dawn came they had failed to penetrate the defences at any point…
The besieged lost much time in bringing out the implements that Vercingetorix had prepared for the sortie and in filling up the first stretches of trench , and before they reached the main fortifications heard of the retreat of the relief force , so they returned into the town without effecting anything .
At around midday on the fourth day the Gauls attacked again from both sides . After a terrible battle , the Romans won a great victory . As Caesar charged the relief force from the front the German cavalry hit them in the rear and they were scattered . Completely routed , they were pursued from the field by the German auxiliaries .
On the following day , with no hope of relief , Vercingetorix surrendered . They gathered the tribal leaders and told them that they had not made war for personal reasons but for the freedom of Gaul . Now they must decide whether to kill them in order to appease the Romans or hand them over alive . A deputation was sent to Caesar , who ordered the defeated Gauls to lay down their arms and bring their tribal chiefs to him . Then they sat on the fortification in front of their camp and waited .
Vercingetorix 's surrender to Caesar is recorded by Plutarch :
Vercingetorix , after putting on their most beautiful armour and decorating their horse , rode out through the gates . Caesar was sitting down and Vercingetorix , after riding round them in a circle , leaped down from their horse , stripped off their armour , and sat at Caesar 's feet silent and motionless , until they were taken away under arrest to be kept in custody for the triumph .
J.F.C . Fuller wrote :
Thus this remarkable siege was brought to an end by the simultaneous defeat of two armies by a single army , no greater than the one and incomparably smaller than the other . An army which not only was the besieger but itself was besieged , and which had to hold twenty-five miles of entrenchments in order , at one and the same time , to achieve its aim and secure itself against defeat . In spite of the paucity and frequent vagueness of details provided by Caesar , and the consequent difficulty in reconstructing some of the incidents , the siege of Alesia remains one of the most extraordinary operations recorded in military history .
Some 20,000 Aedui and Arverni were separated from the prisoners and returned to their tribes in an attempt to regain their loyalty . The Arverni also had to hand over some hostages in order to ensure their future good behaviour . The other survivors were divided among Caesar 's soldiers and sold as slaves .
In Rome the Senate honoured Caesar with a twenty-day thanksgiving . Vercingetorix was taken to Rome in chains where they remained as an honoured prisoner for the next six years while Caesar fought Pompey in the Civil War . Once Caesar was in sole control of the Roman world , they had Vercingetorix exhibited in their Gallic triumph in 52 BC . Then , according to custom , the Gaul was strangled in the depths of the Mamartine Prison in Rome .
The defeat of Vercingetorix at Alesia essentially ended any hope of an independent Gaul . Caesar had two more years of mopping up before they had completed the pacification of the province and the Romanization of Gaul remains one of their most enduring achievements .
The ruins of the Alesia fortifications were rediscovered some nineteen centuries later . Mindful of the contribution of German cavalry to the defeat of Vercingetorix , Emperor Napoleon III of France arranged for a massive statue of the Gallic leader to be erected on the site . Vercingetorix had come to symbolize the courage of France in fighting their enemies . Soon after that , Napoleon III fell from power having also been defeated by the Germans , this time at the Battle of Sedan in 1870 .
Advertisements
Hoboken Housing Authority Chairwoman Dana Wefer gave Hudson County View an update on the HHA earlier this week , explaining what initiatives have taken place since Acting Executive Director Robert DiVincent took over in August .
[ fve ] https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qUWU0l9zXrw & feature=youtu.be [ /fve ]
Furthermore , Wefer provided clarity on what is being done to repair broken elevators and to install new generators that have been sitting in a parking lot for over a year .
Wefer later explained that the first phase would likely involve six of the 14 generators being utilized .
Additionally , Wefer elaborated on the new $ 15 million HHA budget approved at the October 9 meeting – essentially the same figure as last year 's operating budget .
Wefer concluded by stating that the HHA was unlikely to get a favorable review from HUD when they come to assess the authority later this fall .
Posted by
Steve Bottjer ,
February 23 , 2014 Email
Steve Bottjer
On Twitter :
@ BottjerRNO Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
Colin Miller
RedNation and Colin discuss FC Edmonton 's preparations for the team 's upcoming NASL campaign , the changes the Eddies made to their roster over the offseason , the addition of the Ottawa Fury to the NASL and the challenges inherent in being a Head Coach at the professional level . Colin Miller is the current head coach of FC Edmonton in the NASL and served as the interim head coach of the Canadian men 's national team , which included leading the team at the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup . Miller was a former assistant coach with the Vancouver Whitecaps and a head coach with their Residency Program , as well as first team coach with Derby County FC in the English Premier League .
During their playing career Miller played with Rangers FC , St. Johnstone , Dunfermline and Hearts FC in the Scottish First Division , and represented Canada at the international level , which included participation in the 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico . Audio Interview : Open Player in a New Window | Subscribe | iTunes | MP3
The killer whale that drowned a female trainer at Orlando 's SeaWorld flawlessly performed Wednesday for the first time since last year 's death , wowing thousands amid heightened safety that included a steel bar protecting the orca 's trainers .
Tilikum participated without incident in the marine park 's signature `` Believe '' show for the first time since dragging 40-year-old Dawn Brancheau from poolside by their ponytail and drowning them during a performance Feb. 24 , 2010 . Trainers on the platform stood Wednesday behind the stout metal bar shaped as an inverted `` U '' that was designed to prevent a whale from coming up out of the pool and biting and dragging a trainer into the water .
SeaWorld Animal Training Curator Kelly Flaherty Clark said in a statement that returning Tilikum to performing more than a year later was best for the whale .
`` Participating in shows is just a portion of Tilikum 's day , but we feel it is an important component of their physical , social and mental enrichment , '' Clark said . `` He has been regularly interacting with their trainers and the other whales for purposes of training , exercise and social and mental stimulation , and has enjoyed access to all of the pools in the Shamu Stadium complex . ''
There was no special reference made in Wednesday morning 's show to Tilikum 's return . Nonetheless , Tilikum was the main draw for many . Orcas jumped in unison and splashed those in the front rows , delighting a crowd that filled the 5,000-seat Shamu Stadium to capacity . The show lasted just short of a half-hour .
No trainer has been allowed in the water during the shows since Brancheau 's death and they remained out of the pool Wednesday . The closest the trainers got was the pool deck , standing behind the steel bar whenever they reached over to occasionally stroke the whales when they flopped on the platform or to toss them a fish treat .
In the accident that killed Brancheau , they were nose-to-nose with the whale when their ponytail floated into the animal 's mouth and they were dragged in , authorities have said . They added that they managed to free themselves initially , but the whale continued to strike and thrash them The tragedy unfolded shortly after a `` Dine with Shamu '' show when some guests were still in the area .
Tilikum also was one of three orcas blamed for killing a trainer in 1991 after the woman lost their balance and fell in the pool at Sealand of the Pacific near Victoria , British Columbia . Tilikum also was involved in a 1999 death , when the body of a man who had sneaked by SeaWorld Orlando security was found draped over him , authorities said .
The park is still working on plans to get trainers back in the water with the whales . The federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration last summer accused SeaWorld of recklessly putting trainers in danger . The company is fighting OSHA 's citations and a $ 75,000 fine . SeaWorld contends its parks have a good safety record during more than four decades of shows involving killer whales .
Since the death , SeaWorld officials have drawn up plans to spend millions of dollars on safety upgrades . Measures include installing rising pool floors that can quickly lift people and the whales from the water , underwater vehicles to distract the marine animals in emergencies and portable oxygen bottles for trainers .
Orlando resident Wendy Santiago said their family has been attending SeaWorld shows for years and they and their husband , Marcos , made a point of being present for Tilikum 's return Wednesday . They said the tragedy left them sad though they were pleased to see Tilikum performing again .
`` You never can tell with any of these animals — they are wild animals , '' Wendy Santiago said of the trainer 's death . But they added , tears welling in their eyes at the show 's conclusion , `` I 'm happy today that I was able to see them perform . ''
Marcos Santiago said they also experienced a mix of feelings while watching the show with their 3-year-old son and 4-month-old daughter .
`` I 've loved SeaWorld , ever since I was a little kid and used to come here many times , '' they said . `` I fell in love with Shamu and so did my son . So to me it was very emotional to be here on this day . ''
But the day was not without protests nearby .
Many of those who went to see Tilikum perform drove past about a dozen protesters gathered outside SeaWorld 's gates . The demonstrators complained that killer whales should not be held in captivity and several held up signs reading , `` Free Tilly . ''
Despite the lack of any special reference to Tilikum 's return Wednesday , veteran SeaWorld attendee David Wythe said the whale 's return was clearly the main draw for many .
`` That 's exactly why we were here , '' said Wythe , a Kissimmee resident . `` Me personally , I believe Tilikum should have been back in the shows a long time ago . ''
Dr John 'Charlie ' Veron . `` Charlie '' Veron says Queensland needs to make a choice because coral bleaching was again becoming crucial . `` In my view we are precipitating the conditions for a mass extinction , '' Dr Veron said . `` It is as bad as that . '' Dr Veron used the analogy of a saucepan of boiling water to show rising atmospheric carbon would still increase for 20 to 30 years , even if the world suddenly immediately switched to renewable energy .
`` It takes a long time for the saucepan of water to equilibriate to the flame that is under it , '' they said . `` The climate of the earth is controlled by the oceans , it is not controlled by the land ; it is the oceans that are the big guys , '' they said . `` They have the thermal inertia . The land does n't have any thermal inertia and the atmosphere has next to none , they said . `` The oceans have got it all . We have put in this blanket of warning from carbon dioxide and they oceans are gradually responding to it . `` And the lag time is 20 or 30 years .
`` So we wo n't see the results of today 's carbon dioxide levels for another 20 to 30 years . '' A school teacher nicknamed a younger John Veron , `` Charlie '' after the father of evolution , Charles Darwin , because they asked so many questions . Dr Veron on Sunday backed a $ 300,000 television commercial produced by the conservation activist group , GetUp , which argues coal should be left in the ground , the Adani Group 's Carmichael coal mine in central Queensland should be rejected and Australia should move immediately to renewable energy . Dr Veron likens the impact of rising carbon emissions from automobiles and coal mining on the world 's weather to an emerging 'environmental war ' for the Great Barrier Reef .
They say they have researched rising carbon emissions now found in the atmosphere and is pessimistic about the impact , likening it to the learning of the impact of WWII before it started . `` They know what is going to happen and they see little 'short-term fixes ' here and there and complaints and they scream 'this is going to happen , '' Dr Veron said . `` I know what the science says and the science is not wrong . The science has been right on the mark . Climate change is the first big thing that has been controlled by science – most 'wars ' have been controlled by people and politics , but this is controlled by science . `` And the science is incredibly right . '' The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority reported ocean temperature increases of 2.5 degrees above the summer average while investigating coral bleaches .
`` The next few weeks will be critical in terms of this bleaching event , '' Queensland 's Environment Minister Dr Steven Miles said . `` I am crossing my fingers that we will not see any broad-scale bleaching events like those that endangered the Reef in 1998 and 2002 , and an intense event in the southern part of the Reef in 2006 , '' they said . Dr 'Charlie ' Veron says most of Queensland 's inshore reefs are sub-standard barren and overseas tourists are questioning where our Great Barrier Reef is going . `` When I first worked on the Great Barrier Reef , inshore fringing reefs were very interesting . In fact I described a lot of the new species from that work . And now most of them are all gone , '' they said . The television advertisement has been funded by GetUp and the Australian Marine Conservation Society , and features Whitsunday tall ship tourist operator , Lindsay Simpson .
`` As a tourism operator I see the delight in people 's faces and is nothing like picking people up at the end of the day when they tell about the magical world they have seen under the water , '' Ms Simpson said . `` And we are the custodians of this and we have to do something , '' they said . `` This coral bleaching is the major concerns and it is definitely related to global warming . '' Tourism linked to the Great Barrier Reef generates $ 6 billion and 70,000 tourism jobs . Imogen Zethoven , AMCS 's Barrier Reef campaign director said the weather patterns in Queensland had changed in the past decade .
`` In the past 10 or so years we have seen two major ( coral ) bleaching events – from 1998 to 2002 and one severe regional ( bleaching ) events , '' they said . `` We have seen eight severe cyclones , with six of them category five cyclones and we have seen four major major flodding events . `` And that means the reef is being battered almost on an annual basis by severe weather . `` And why is that ? '' That is because of global warming . '' The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority 's 2014 reef health report also lists climate change as the major risk to the Barrier Reef .
The other week the office of one of Egypt 's leading political cartoonists , Mohamed Anwar , got a phone call from a patriotic reader . They were in tears – devastated that their cartoon that day had indirectly teased President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi . “ Why are you doing this to Sisi ? ” , they asked Anwar 's colleagues . “ Why are you always fighting him ? ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Anwar 's “ burden ” ( from the newspaper al-Masry al-Youm ) Dad : “ Why do you want to go the bathroom right now ? It 's a critical moment for the country , and we should all share the burden. ” [ The joke is that Sisi is always banging on about sharing the burden , so it 's funny that a dad would use this rhetoric to tell their son to hold on . ]
Ironically , the cartoon in question did not even depict the strongman themselves – Anwar rarely goes that far . Instead it mocked Sisi 's high-handed habit of telling the country 's long-suffering citizens to “ share the burden ” of Egypt 's economic crisis . A young boy needs the toilet and their father asks him : “ Why do you want to go the bathroom right now ? It 's a critical moment for the country and we should all share the burden. ” For Anwar , the backlash was a good example of the pressures mainstream Egyptian cartoonists regularly face from not just the authorities but also their nationalistic readers . Despite stopping well short of the implicit red line of ad hominem criticism , Anwar had gone too far . “ This is the hardest era , ” concludes Anwar , “ in which to cartoon in a mainstream newspaper in Egypt . ”
Anwar is part of a generation of young political cartoonists who emerged in the newly established private media during the last years of former dictator Hosni Mubarak . Their satire helped foster an environment in which Mubarak could be ousted . But it was only under Mubarak 's elected but autocratic successor , Mohamed Morsi , that their full fury was unleashed – paradoxically lampooning Morsi 's creeping authoritarianism while avoiding falling victim to it .
“ There were very few cartoons of Mubarak in the press , even during the last years as opposition against them swelled , ” says Jonathan Guyer , senior editor of the Cairo Review and a scholar of Egyptian cartoons . “ But under Morsi newspaper front pages had cartoons of them – really derogatory , really emphasising their misguided approach. ” That brief freedom ended , ironically , when Morsi was ousted – following days of protests in July 2013 – by Sisi , who turned out to be far more oppressive . Under the new broom 's with-us-or-against logic , most opposition – including from cartoonists – is now considered borderline treasonous . Some cartoonists are only too happy to fall into line , such was their fear of Morsi 's Islamism . But those who oppose both Morsi and Sisi either recognise the need to censor themselves – or have it done for them by their regime-friendly editors . The regime itself barely needs to lift a finger .
As a result , Sisi 's appearance in newspaper cartoons is as rare as it was for Mubarak . “ Not that many people portray Sisi at all , ” says Andeel , the most rebellious of Egypt 's young cartoonists . “ Some of them ca n't – they 're working in places that wo n't let them . And some of them are convinced this is not the right time and the current situation dictates a different kind of opposition. ” Andeel themselves disagrees . “ I see the cartoons they 're publishing , ” they say , “ and with all due respect to them I 'm very disappointed. ” Their own work goes for the jugular : their most recent piece is an A3-size poster that pokes fun at Sisi 's paternalist vision . “ What should we do about the rubbish , the traffic , the electricity , the hospitals ? ” asks one of Sisi 's lackeys in the cartoon . “ What should we do about ignorance ? ” The cartoon Sisi pauses , then says : “ Increase ignorance . ”
Other regime critics have tempered their work for safety reasons : TV satirist Bassem Youssef – described in the west as “ Egypt 's Jon Stewart ” – ended their show because of threats to their family . But Andeel says they do n't fear the consequences of taking on the big man .
“ I know westerners may have a sensational idea of what it 's like to be part of the opposition in an oppressive country , but in reality it 's just a job like any other , ” says Andeel , who started drawing for mainstream newspapers a decade ago as a teenager . “ Since I started making cartoons when I was 17 , I knew that a big part of my job was about dealing with censorship . You ca n't be against those who have the power and not expect them to do everything they can to stop you from telling people that they suck. ” But Andeel no longer does so in the mainstream media . They quit their job at al-Masry al-Youm , Egypt 's most prestigious private newspaper , last autumn . Now they make no-holds-barred work for a progressive online newspaper , Mada Masr , and in a subversive comic called Tok-Tok , where their recent poster was published .
Though the Egyptian internet has a thriving subculture of dissent , the rebellious Tok-Tok is one of the few print products left in Egypt that will deal with political and social taboos . With its non-hierarchical editorial team , its readiness to publish both risque and everyday stories , it has become a symbol for what remains of Egypt 's revolutionary spirit . “ There 's just nothing like it , ” says Guyer , who sees Tok-Tok as Egypt 's version of Mad magazine . “ It 's really looking to the future , incubating artists , thinking about new forms – and it 's collaborative , which is quite rare in a very hierarchical society. ” Tok-Tok has a print run of only 2,000 , while Mada Masr has yet to break into the mainstream . But Andeel would rather cater for this small readership – as well as their Facebook followers – than water down their work for the many more conservative readers at al-Masry al-Youm . By contrast , Anwar – Andeel 's friend and former colleague – accepts that their cartoons are not as direct as they could be . But they reckon the compromise is worth it , so they can reach people like the woman who called them crying . “ I do n't only want to be talking to people who agree with me , ” they say . “ I can put my cartoon online , [ for the ] 50,000 followers who have the same background and beliefs as me . But at al-Masry al-Youm I 'm talking to 600,000 people who have completely different views to me – and that 's the aim of cartooning . It 's about making ordinary people used to certain kinds of cartoons and criticism . It 's a cumulative process . ”
This is not another kalimba VST instrument . It 's something much more than this ! Having sampled a 9 tine kalimba with 7 different tunings we were able to capture a two octaves range with a warm , sweet and rich sound !
We managed to imitate the wah effect of its box , giving you the chance not only to enjoy playing with this wonderful instrument but to experiment as well ! You can choose how to control the drum effect , by selecting the desirable controller and choose whether you want the effect to be synced with the tempo , or not ! You will be able to choose your sound from three different microphone positions , Close , Drum and Stereo ( Brüel & Kjær , Beyerdynamic Vintage MPC-50 & Schoeps CMC64 ) .
You get to fully control the envelopes and apply FXs such as Delay , Reverb , Compressor , Cabinet , Tape , Lo-Fi and Saturation , in order to create interesting soundscapes . This option will surely change the opinion you might have about this instrument !
Still not convinced ? Watch our video walkthrough and listen to our audio demos .
Andrew Hoyle/CNET
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is on sale now in South Korea , two weeks early -- much to Samsung 's surprise .
The S5 is set to go on sale around the world on 11 April , hitting shop shelves in 150 countries before the month is out . But the wait is too long for impatient South Korean carrier SK Telecom , which has made the phone available today for around 866,800 won .
Korean networks were keen to get the S5 into the hands of phone fans early because they 're not allowed to sign up new customers in parts of April and May , as punishment from the government for illegally subsidising new customers . The sanctions mean SK Telecom , KT Corp and LG Uplus Crop would have had to sit on their hands as the S5 's official release date came and went .
So SK Telecom has defied Samsung and started shifting the S5 early . `` We just wanted to provide the device to local users as soon as possible . It is for the good of our subscribers , '' an official from SK Telecom told Korea Herald .
Now playing : Watch this : Samsung takes on rivals with Galaxy S5 , Gear 2
Samsung boss JK Shin said yesterday that the S5 would not go on sale early , but it appears SK has gone ahead anyway .
Update , 3:30 a.m. PT : Samsung told CNET today that it has `` provided mobile carriers with a limited number of units for marketing and pre-sales activities , but the decision to release the device early in the Korean market was made by the mobile carrier itself , independently of Samsung . We express our regret at this decision and we are working to verify all the facts . ''
It 's a heck of an audacious move for a mobile carrier to risk its relationship with the world 's biggest mobile phone manufacturer on its own turf -- and it sets a heck of a precedent ; I imagine networks and carriers around the world are very curious indeed to see what happens next . I know I am .
We 're used to waiting a while for a cool new device after the fanfare of the big unveiling . The S5 was revealed way back in February , so no wonder everyone 's getting antsy . By contrast , the HTC One M8 has already stolen a march on the S5 by landing in shops the same day as it was announced this week .
Turkey would let NATO warplanes use its bases to support an intervention in Syria .
Turkey would likely allow NATO warplanes to use its İncirlik Air Base near the Syrian border in support of a military intervention in the country , a Turkish official told Hürriyet Daily News on Monday , while Cyprus ' foreign minister said they were unaware of British plans to use its airfield on the island in such an operation .
The Turks long pressed their NATO allies to intervene in Syria 's civil war on behalf of rebels battling the regime of President Bashar Assad . When autonomy for Syria 's Kurds threatened to exacerbate Turkey 's own Kurdish insurgency , the government in Ankara muted its demands but an alleged nerve gas attack last week prompted President Abdullah Gül to call for “ concrete action . ”
Ahmet Davutoğlu , the foreign minister , later described the use of chemical weapons as “ a crime against humanity ” that “ should not go unanswered . ”
France , the United Kingdom and the United States are also convinced that gas was used by Assad 's forces , killing hundreds of civilians in a suburb of the capital Damascus . Secretary of State John Kerry on Monday described the attack as a “ moral obscenity ” and vowed that it would not be “ without consequences . ”
Their British counterpart William Hague had earlier downplayed chances that the gas was deployed by rebels as “ vanishingly small . ”
British newspapers have speculated that RAF Akrotiri in southwest Cyprus might be used to launch airstrikes against Syrian government and military targets . The island nation 's foreign minister , Ioannis Kasoulidis , told state radio on Tuesday , however , “ I have the impression that the British bases wo n't play any primary role. ” They did urge other powers to involve themselves in Syria 's conflict , saying , “ The people of Syria do n't deserve to be left at the mercy of attacks of this kind . ”
Britain has two military bases in Cyprus , a former colony which lies less than one hundred kilometers west of Syria at its closest point . Like Turkey 's facility at İncirlik , it has previously been used in support of Western military operations in the Middle East and North Africa .
If there is an intervention in Syria , it is expected to commence with missile strikes from American navy ships deployed in the Mediterranean Sea . The United States have also stationed F-16 fighter jets and Patriot air defenses in neighboring Jordan , War is Boring ‘ s Robert Beckhusen reports , which could be used to support such an operation .
French Rafale fighters , which played a key role in NATO 's intervention in Libya two years ago , could be launched from French bases in the United Arab Emirates “ but this would require long range travel and midair refueling , ” according to Beckhusen .
Most planes involved in enforcing a no-fly zone over Libya in 2011 operated from NATO air bases in Greece , Malta , southern France and southern Italy .
Greece 's prime minister Antonis Samaras met with President Karolos Papoulias in Athens on Tuesday to discuss their country 's possible involvement in a Syrian intervention . It was reported that the United States had asked Greece access to the Souda Air Base on Crete as well as Kalamata International Airport which houses a military facility .
The return of MPs to the Hill this week seems to have signalled the beginning of a very long informal election campaign . It seems likely that Canada 's response to terrorism will be an issue in that campaign . Prime Minister Stephen Harper and several of their most trusted ministers , such as Jason Kenney , have strong feelings about how we should treat Canadians accused of terrorism , and how we can best fight it overseas . And world events seem likely , unfortunately , to keep terrorism on all our minds .
Harper 's speech on Monday included a line that attempted to draw a clear ideological line between the Conservatives and their rivals . “ We know ( terrorists ' ) ideology is not the result of ‘ social exclusion ' or other so-called ‘ root causes . ' It is evil , vile and must be unambiguously opposed . ”
Conservatives like to use “ root causes ” as code for naive and simplistic attempts to excuse terrorism as the inevitable result of poverty or some other social factor . But the trouble with speaking in code is that eventually somebody will take you at the plain meaning of your words . As all good Conservatives who read their Aquinas should know , it is nonsensical to suggest that a result can exist without a cause . Are the Conservatives really arguing that terrorism , as an expression of pure evil , just springs up without explanation , like demonic possession ? That any one of us might wake up tomorrow possessed of an urge to become a terrorist for no reason whatsoever ? Surely there are reasons why one person takes up arms in an evil cause and another does not . To try to understand those reasons , and reduce their effect , is not to shrug at violence . It is in fact a moral duty .
Setting up these two perspectives in opposition – that terrorism has causes , and that terrorism is evil and must be opposed – might be time-honoured political strategy . But it 's wrong and dangerous rhetoric . One way to oppose terrorism is to understand it . The Conservative talking point implies that anyone who tries to figure out how to stop a kid from suburban Ontario from becoming a jihadi is , somehow , a terrorist sympathizer . It implies that any analyst who tries to understand the ebb and flow of propaganda within a territory is excusing violence . To sneer at any attempt to understand terrorism is a stupid approach to one of the world 's most insidious problems , and the Conservatives ought to know better . They do know better , but they 're trying to score points .
Canada can and must unambiguously oppose terrorism while trying to improve its understanding of how it operates and how its adherents recruit .
Trump : recognition as `` prince of this world '' . Trump has already given us many surprises . And they bring more and more new ones . Initially , they were rejected by the American establishment , but they decided then to challenge it , and has built their electoral campaign on anti-globalism . The surprise was that they ventured to do such a step , but even more - a crushing surprise this time - that they became finally President of the United States - POTUS . Almost nobody expected this . Surprise .
Arriving at the White House , they began to seem weak and hesitant - surrendering one after another their supporters under the storm of criticism from Dems and corporate media . Their opponents , feeling the slack , began to prepare the situation for their impeachment.The main accent was made on a purely imaginary `` Russian trace '' . Trump seemed to be confused and on defensive .
Under attack of typically fake news campaign about the alleged `` chemical attack '' of Assad Trump ordered a Tomohawk strike at the base of the Syrian government aircraft . And it was a surprise as well , because sucj a step was absolutely inconsistent with their entire election campaign . Now it seemed that they are hijacked by the Swamp and they are ready to become a puppet in the hands of CFR and neocons , like Obama or Bush Jr. ( and earlier Bill Clinton ) .
But here ahain came a surprise ( once more ) : Trump fired the FBI director Comey . Being under full control of the Swamp they would never do this . Then Trump speaks with Russian foreign MinisterSergey Lavrov for two hours and let President of Turkey Erdoğan go after 15 minutes of talks . What was that ? One unpredictable step ? May be return for their elaction campaign realist non-interventionist agenda ? The fact that Trump did n't drop finally Steve Bannon was another good sign in this semantic direction .
But that was not the end of surprises - rather begining .
Now Trump is making their first foreign tour . And again a surprise . The first foreign visit is this time not to Mexico and the countries of Latin America , which is the custom of American presidents , and not to Russia , for example , but to Saudi Arabia , the country that is the main sponsor of ISIS ( banned in Russia ) and Islamic terrorism . What logic we are dealing with here ? Neither Trump number 1 , nor Trump number 2. Who are You Mr. Trump ?
But this is not the end of surprises : 50 countries of the Islamic world in Riyadh are inclined to the feet of Trump and bring them a vassal oath of allegiance . Then Trump signs a contract for 100 billion dollars for the military needs of Saudi Arabia ( that is , for the needs of ISIS ) and another 200 billion for later . For this , the Saudis could allow the wife and daughter of Trump not only not to wear a handkerchief , but also to come to the royal reception in a bikini .
After that , Trump dances Wahhabi dances with sabers - the dance of the Salafi jihad and delivers a speech in which the pro-American Islam is glorified . Leaders of Islamic states at the feet of Washington .
And the next day , a visit to Israel . Some rabbis calculated in 45 US President the kabalistic name `` Adam '' , and proclaimed Trump Moshiach . Islam at the feet of Trump . And then Israel falls at the same feet .
And then NATO and the Big Seven will fall at their feet as welle . Yes , also the Pope , they also are going to bow next - to the feet of 45 POTUS - Donald Trump the First .
They left for the first visit as an unpredictable eccentric novice and an outsider in American politics with skaking position under the menace of impeachment . On their return to the White House they have every chance of being recognized as the `` prince of this world '' - `` princeps hujus mundi '' .
And this time it is a real surprise . Now if Trump 's personal enemies will be recognized as `` Russian spies '' and sent for jail no one will be astonished . Moreover , the Russian oligarchs who made the bet on Hilary , for sure , have left the traces in their political and financial support . Crooked Hilary . Indeed . This time Russian trace is much more real .
The fact that Marin Le Pen in France showed a rather weak result , and in Iran was chosen by the president of the Westernizer , the situation may very well become really tough in the very near future .
Of course , since we have already seen so many surprises , others can follow , but so far the things are getting more and more scary .
New Delhi , July 31 ( IANS ) : A group of activists and civil society outfits on Friday vowed to resist the entry of genetically modified ( GM ) mustard into India , a statement said .
Pledging to work towards ensuring seed sovereignty , biodiversity conservation , protecting farm livelihoods and food safety in the country , the group launched the `` Sarson Satyagraha ( mustard agitation ) '' at Rajghat here .
`` The current opaqueness around GM mustard shows that they have something to hide , '' the statement issued by the Alliance for Sustainable and Holistic Agriculture , one of the participating organisations said .
`` If the government does not keep the interests of citizens , their health and environment at the top of its decisions , citizens will be forced to intensify their satyagraha , '' it added .
While raising questions around the genuineness of the research claims around GM mustard , the experts cited data on the increased illnesses in countries like the US after the advent of GM foods .
The group also sent a letter to Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar raising important concerns related to GM mustard while deciding to initiate a public debate on the issue through public awareness creation .
The central government is yet to take a call on introduction of Genetically Modified ( GM ) crops in the country including GM mustard , first genetically engineered food crop in the country .
The GM mustard 'DMH 11 ( Dhara Mustard Hybrid 11 ) ' has been developed by the Centre for Genetic Manipulation of Crop Plants , University of Delhi .
What we know about the National Security Agency 's PRISM Internet surveillance program is in flux , seemingly changing by the hour . If you 're just tuning in Sunday and you 're looking for our latest understanding of PRISM , this post is for you .
1 . Does PRISM really allow the NSA unfettered access to technology company 's servers ?
This was certainly the impression given by the first reports about PRISM , but it 's becoming increasingly clear that it is n't the case . Instead , PRISM now seems to be a system granting intelligence analysts easier access to companies ' data when those companies have already been compelled by a secret court to give access to that data .
SEE ALSO : PRISM : Does the NSA Really Get Direct Access to Your Data ?
`` These executives said PRISM was created after much negotiation with federal authorities , who had pressed for easier access to data they were entitled to under previous orders granted by the secret FISA court , '' reports the Washington Post in a story adding clarity and context to its original PRISM reporting .
`` The legal process , the person said , is akin to how law enforcement requests information in criminal investigations : the government delivers an order to obtain account details about someone who 's specifically identified as a non-U.S. individual , with a specific finding that they 're involved in an activity related to international terrorism , '' reported CNET 's Declan McCullagh in a rebuttal of the original reports about PRISM .
2 . Is the NSA spying on my Gmail or Facebook accounts ?
The best answer we have so far is `` not directly . '' The NSA 's Internet surveillance program is authorized under Section 702 , Title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) . As the Director of National Intelligence said , that section lays out specific rules mandating that surveillance targets must be non-citizens and reasonably believed to be outside the country .
That does , however , present a problem : What if an intelligence target is conversing with an American citizen ? In that case , it would be difficult for the NSA not to collect data from that citizen . The NSA is supposed to `` minimize '' such incidentally collected data , but we 're not sure how scrupulous a process that actually is .
Either way , The New York Times ' latest report about PRISM throws a cold bucket of water on the whole situation . `` Nothing revealed in recent days suggests that N.S.A . eavesdroppers have violated the law by targeting ordinary Americans , '' claims the paper .
3 . So , controversy over ?
Far from it . While PRISM does n't seem to be as nefarious as originally thought , it still poises myriad privacy and civil liberty concerns :
A secret FISA court approves targets for data collection . The court approves the vast majority of government requests . Government officials say it 's subject to oversight from all three branches , which are all briefed regularly on the program . However , because the whole process is so secretive , we have no way to verify the government 's claims . We need to know more about how the NSA minimizes data incidentally collected from American citizens . It 's simply not enough to take the government 's word for it that minimization is happening at a satisfactory level . While PRISM might not be targeted at United States citizens , that 's far from reassuring for non-Americans who use Google , Facebook , Yahoo and so on . The United States government is reportedly sharing information with the United Kingdom — it 's not difficult to imagine a rules-bending international data swap happening without the public 's knowledge . Plenty of other excellent unaswered questions have been poised by the Center for Democracy and Technology 's Leslie Harris .
There 's undoubtedly more to be learned about PRISM . However , it increasingly seems the more alarming of recent surveillance-related leaks is the NSA 's collection of communications `` metadata '' from American telecoms .
Do you have questions about PRISM ? Share them in the comments below , and we 'll do our best to answer .
Image via Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images
Hello , and welcome to the Weekly Reader , which will run every Friday and collect news and views from around the hockey world on the week 's biggest stories . Seen something worth highlighting here ? Hit me at greg.wyshynski @ espn.com , or do the same if you have suggestions for the column going forward . Enjoy !
Why does n't Seattle have an NHL franchise yet , and why is Houston probably going to get one ?
Because one did n't pass the Gary Bettman Test when it needed to , and the other very well might when it has to .
The Bettman Test has been applied to a dozen markets throughout their tenure as NHL commissioner . The first phase of the test is the most obvious one : Does the NHL plan to expand ? Does the league have a need to relocate a struggling franchise to a more viable market ?
If the answer to either of those is `` yes , '' then we move to phase two of the test . `` The most important elements are market , arena and ownership , '' said Bettman in 2014 . For the NHL , that 's the holy trinity when it comes to testing a market . Several cities have passed with ease -- Minnesota , Nashville -- while others had to convince the league that they had the right answers , like Las Vegas did with its pre-expansion ticket drive .
Seattle failed the test while Vegas was passing it . At a time when the NHL wanted desperately to expand to the Pacific Northwest for both demographic and geographic reasons , Seattle could n't get its act together on an arena deal and none of the three ownership groups sniffing around the $ 500 million expansion fee could ante up without a clear path to a new building . These conditions are changing , as I 'll note in a bit , but during the last round of expansion , it flunked .
Which brings us to the new belle of the ball : Houston , Texas .
So does it pass The Bettman Test ?
Ownership : Passes .
Tilman Fertitta sparked this whole new round of NHL expansion and relocation fervor when they purchased the NBA 's Houston Rockets and the Honda Center for $ 2.2 billion in September . `` I would put an NHL team here tomorrow , '' said Fertitta , the sole owner of Landry 's , Inc. , one of the largest restaurant corporations in the United States . ( And the star of `` A Billion Dollar Buyer '' on CNBC , which is `` Shark Tank '' if `` Shark Tank '' had one shark who only wanted to buy products in the hospitality industry . )
Katie Strang of The Athletic reported this week that Fertitta actually met with Bettman and the NHL for a question-and-answer session recently , so there 's clearly smoke here . Fertitta has the passion -- and , more important , the finances -- to bring an NHL team to Houston .
Arena : Passes , and not only because Toyota Center is still relatively new ( it was built in 2003 ) and seats 17,500 for hockey . ( And unlike a certain arena in Brooklyn , was actually built with hockey as a consideration . )
Editor 's Picks Power Rankings : Superhero for every team From Deadpool to Wonder Woman and pretty much everyone in between , we 've got a superhero ( and some villains ! ) to characterize the season so far for each of the 31 NHL teams . Blam !
Working overtime : Heroes and zeroes of 3-on-3 Since the NHL adopted 3-on-3 hockey for overtime in 2015 , some players -- like Johnny Gaudreau -- have put up mind-blowing offensive stats amid all that open space . But other offensive dynamos such as John Tavares have struggled during the extra session .
NHL rookie rankings : Everyone is chasing Clayton Keller After we were spoiled by the likes of Connor McDavid , Auston Matthews and Artemi Panarin as top rookies in recent seasons , there was supposed to be a letdown in 2017-18 . Instead , there 's another wave of high-end talent . Here 's the top 10 right now . 2 Related
For years , the NHL was hesitant to explore Houston as a viable option because Rockets and arena owner Les Alexander did n't have a desire to bring a hockey team into the arena . `` I would love to see one in Houston , but we ca n't get into that building , '' said Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs in 2015 .
Alexander is out of the picture . The doors are now open .
( One other factor to consider : Synergy . In Fertitta , the NHL would have a hat-trick owner who controls the arena , the NBA team and the NHL team . The NHL likes that . )
Market : Passes . The NHL has had interest in Houston for years , and that side-eyeing has certainly intensified as its market has exploded : The city is now the fourth most populous in the United States behind New York , Los Angeles and Chicago . Combine the energy industry with low taxes and demographic shifts to a more diverse populace and ... well , God bless Texas , we 've got ourselves a boom town .
But we also have ourselves a hockey town . Houston 's history with the sport tracks back to 1972 , as different incarnations of the Houston Aeroes have called it home . It 's a city that has seen Gordie Howe skate . It 's a city that has an actual hockey heritage . Along with , you know , gallons of corporate dollars to go with those gallons of oil .
Of course , ultimately , this all comes back to Phase One of The Bettman Test : Is there a team for Houston to acquire ? There 's no question the NHL needs another one out west to balance the conferences , as much as Bettman protests that it 's not mandatory . There 's also no question that a few franchises -- the Arizona Coyotes , the Carolina Hurricanes , the New York Islanders and , yes , even the Calgary Flames -- are worth watching because of their various ownership and arena quandaries . But nothing is imminent on those fronts .
Seattle remains a target , and its viability has gotten a boost by an NHL-ready Key Arena refurbishment that 'll be done by 2020 . Quebec City remains a backdoor relocation spot for a struggling franchise , having passed two-thirds of The Bettman Test -- but , frankly , the NHL is focused on creating new fans , and so Seattle and Houston are sexier from a market perspective .
Is Houston now the front-runner to become the next NHL city ?
At this point , you 'd have to say yes . It now aces The Bettman Test like no other market does .
Connor McDavid is toast
Connor McDavid on their new limited edition toaster : `` It 's the best thing since sliced bread ... and it 's for sliced bread . `` https : //t.co/MOnhdZmj0F pic.twitter.com/zATeKJWvn8 — Sportsnet ( @ Sportsnet ) November 16 , 2017
The Connor McDavid Toaster , part of a charity effort from Canadian Tire , is one of those things you never realized you needed until you actually see it . Also , whoever wrote the line , `` It 's the best thing since sliced bread ... and it 's for sliced bread '' deserves a nominal raise .
If nothing else , if a coach ever claims that McDavid needs more jam in their game , they can now throw a facially branded piece of jelly-covered toast at theirs face .
Radko Gudas , again
Here are some ways not to react to the five-minute major for slashing and the game misconduct earned by Philadelphia Flyers defenseman Radko Gudas on Thursday night :
1 . Claiming that Gudas was stumbling around like a newborn fawn and the only way they could regain their balance was to drop their stick across the neck of Mathieu Perreault .
2 . Complaining that the referees only opted to give them a game misconduct after they heard the fans boo and watched the replay on the Jumbotron , even if this was totally the right call . Who cares ? The call was correct . Hoping for a statute of limitations on a referee 's decision so as to earn a lesser penalty ... the only way this could be more Philly is if someone drenched it wit wiz and they discussed it on WIP .
3 . Making sure to note that Gudas is a talented and capable defenseman as a way to defend their reputation . Sure , of course they are . That 's why these semi-frequent circus acts that get them suspended , and take that caliber of player out of the lineup for several games , are even more lamentable .
Here are some ways to actually react to the five-minute major for slashing and the game misconduct earned by Philadelphia Flyers defenseman Radko Gudas on Thursday night :
1 . Figuring out how the department of player safety will build on the six-game suspension it gave them a year ago for interference against Boston Bruins forward Austin Czarnik .
2 . Trying not to giggle when Perreault tells the media that they escaped significant injury because Gudas `` got me in the meaty part of my neck . ''
3 . Even if Perreault is wrong and this was some sort of accident , it 's still a classic case of a player being unable to control their own stick and having it lead to an injurious play . Which is to say that , no matter the intention , Gudas -- who has been offered an in-person hearing with Player Safety -- needs to sit out . Maybe not for 20 games like Jeff O'Neill is asking for , but a healthy chunk .
How one becomes the 100,000,000th ECHL fan
After the ECHL feted Kyle McGhan , center , as its 100,000,000 fans on Nov.11 , they became something of a local celebrity around Kalamazoo . Courtesy of the ECHL
The ECHL is celebrating its 30th anniversary this season , and as luck would have it this is also the season when the 100 millionth regular-season fan to attend an ECHL game would be honored .
On Nov. 11 , at the Kalamazoo Wings game against the Adirondack Thunder at Wings Event Center , it was revealed that a dude named Kyle McGhan was Fan No . 100,000,000 for the ECHL . They were given a personalized jersey with a 100,000,000 nameplate , and a special league pass that enables them to attend any ECHL game during the 2017-18 regular season , including the All-Star Game .
All of this got us thinking : How , exactly , does one become the 100 millionth regular-season fan to attend an ECHL game ? We reached out to McGhan to find out .
Turns out that this was n't like when a milestone customer goes through the checkout at the supermarket and balloons start falling . McGhan was notified of their achievement earlier in the day on Nov. 11 , having bought the tickets a few days prior because they were worried that the game might sell out .
`` It was a great honor getting the jersey because it 's customized with the 100,000,000 on the back , and I 've never had a custom jersey , '' said told ESPN . `` I wore it to the next game the following night . ''
OK , the $ 100,000,000 question for Fan No . 100,000,000 : How has life changed since the ECHL bestowed this honor upon him ?
`` A lot of people recognize me more now since the honor , from being on the local news that night to the radio stations the following days and the team and league website , '' they said . `` I 've became more in contact with the team front office and personnel , too , so that 's pretty special . ''
Happy anniversary , ECHL . Without you , we would have had 100 percent less Greenville Grrrowl and Jacksonville Lizard Kings in our lives .
Jersey Foul of the week
Hahaha what ? pic.twitter.com/kawDfMzCtV — Mike ( @ Sask_Leafer ) November 17 , 2017
Rare is the time when I 'm frankly left speechless at the sight of an NHL Jersey Foul . But in full disclosure : This Dion Phaneuf vs. Auston Matthews-as-maybe-a-New-York-Ranger-I-guess disasterpiece is truly flabbergasting .
Brandon Dubinsky vs. Hockey Gossip
The site 25Stanley.com is a French-language hockey news operation that also traffics in the reporting on the personal lives of players . Sometimes that coverage includes original , paparazzi-style photographs .
Brandon Dubinsky of the Columbus Blue Jackets noticed one of the site 's shutterbugs trying to take their photo while they were out on the town , so they raised their middle finger to the camera . When 25Stanley.com snarked about it on Twitter , Dubinsky shot back :
You are a stalker not a fan ! Big difference ! You follow the guys all night with a big camera . Fans do n't do that they ask for a pic with you — Brandon Dubinsky ( @ BDubi17 ) November 15 , 2017
To which the site responded :
Sorry about the incovenience . Playing in a big hockey town like MTL or NYC can be hard . Next time we 'll send a hairdresser at your hotel pic.twitter.com/824HacCRHk — 25stanley ( @ 25stanley ) November 16 , 2017
Which is weird , because Dubinsky is a former member of the New York Rangers . So , like , he 'd know .
Anyway , the conversation between the gossip site and the Blue Jacket was soon overtaken by fans tweeting dozens of photos showing Dubinsky being gracious , just to underscore their point .
Hey , good on Dubinsky : While we 're fans of 25Stanley.com , it has about as much to do with a fan asking players for a photo as a 7-year-old looking for a post-practice signed puck has in common with those autograph hounds at the All-Star Game airport .
Puck headlines
Canada is weird , Part 1 : a youth player is suspended because of a typo on a game report , and Hockey Montreal refuses to correct the record and remedy the situation . [ CBC ]
Canada is weird , Part 2 : Former NHL enforcer Troy Crowder , running for political office in Sudbury , Ontario , was the subject of political attack ads that focused on their legendary fights with the late Bob Probert . [ CBC ]
Craig Custance with a scary story about Detroit Red Wings broadcaster Ken Daniels ' late son , their opioid addiction and predatory treatment centers . [ The Athletic ]
The bad hockey card Hall of Fame , Class of 2017 . How was that Warren Young Penguins card not already enshrined ? ! [ Puck Junk ]
Good review of the 4 Nations Cup here . [ Ice Garden ]
Doc Emrick is a treasure . [ Reddit ]
Behold , the annual Pucks and Paws event , where people race their dogs on ice .
It 's Pucks and Paws night for the @ goicehogs and this is the quality pupper # content we are here for . 🐶 pic.twitter.com/u0KNg8vnak — AHL ( @ TheAHL ) November 11 , 2017
Hockey tl ; dr ( too long ; did n't read )
On the Surrey Knights junior hockey team and their 84-game losing streak . [ Globe & Mail ]
In case you missed this from your friends at ESPN
This look at the heroes and zeroes of 3-on-3 hockey , by yours truly , featured some really revelatory stuff about those who star in overtime ( Jeff Carter and Johnny Gaudreau ) and those who do n't ( Filip Forsberg and Zach Parise ) .
Over on the Netflix blog which we strongly encourage you to bookmark or add to your feedreader , Netflix 's Katharina Probst and Justin Becker have penned a fascinating post that offers critical insight into how they think about their microservices architecture in terms of structure and orchestration . Any company considering a move towards microservices will benefit from reading this post given the pioneering work that Netflix has done in the area of microservices and the degree to which its experimentation has led the company to where it is so far in that journey . It 's written a way that we most of us can relate to Netflix 's workflows because of how many of us have actually experienced the Netflix user interface .
Of particular interest is how the company has layered services upon services , using its primary `` front-door '' API has the initiation point for invoking and orchestrating other services . Reflecting on what happens when a Netflix user finds their way to video content with their mobile phone and presses the play button , the post says `` the mobile phone sends a 'play ' request to the API . The API in turn calls several microservices under the hood . Some of these calls can be made in parallel , because they do n't depend on each other . Others have to be sequenced in a specific order . The API contains all the logic to sequence and parallelize the calls as necessary . The device , in turn , does n't need to know anything about the orchestration that goes on under the hood when the customer clicks play . ''
The post also discusses how Netflix functionally divided its services into three primary buckets that sound strikingly similar to how Netflix 's businesspeople probably think about visitors ; `` non-member ( sign-up , billing , free trial , etc . ) , discovery ( recommended shows and movies , search , etc . ) and playback . ''
But most interesting is how Netflix uses the post to openly deliberate over the next steps the company needs to take is it looks to lay the foundation for it 's next plateau of scale and reliability . Should the company stay with one primary front-door API that , depending on entry context ( non-member , discovery , and playback ) , follows a particular fork of orchestration ? Or , is it time to create another more purpose-built front door ? ( hint : Netflix is leaning towards the latter ! ) And what are the implications of these decisions for developers ? In this respect , the post is remarkably transparent regarding technology issues that ultimately factor into its competitive advantage , especially given the degree to which Netflix now has competitors .
A simple recipe for baked Chicken Curry Puffs .
A visit to most Chinese restaurants will reveal curry puffs on the appetiser menu and I am always a sucker for anything wrapped in pastry . I could sometimes quite happily forego the main dish and just sit down to a huge serving of curry puffs , but afraid of any negative reaction this could elicit in public , I 've never quite gone that far . So making curry puffs at home , and eating them by the plateful in private , is the far better and more ladylike option .
Chinese curry puffs can be wrapped in a variety of different pastries , such as filo pastry , wonton wrappers , spring roll wrappers or puff pastry . The restaurants typically serve them deep-fried , but baking them is also an option , especially if you are using puff pastry .
I 've toyed with various different recipes over the year and this one comes from Bill Granger 's Everyday Asian . It 's a relatively simple recipe with subtle flavours , but it hits the spot if you are craving a bit of Chinese take-away at home . The only change I 've made to Granger 's recipe is to omit the ginger ( 1.5 tablespoons finely grated ginger , in case you were wondering ) , simply because I did n't have any at home and did n't want to make a special trip to the supermarket .
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
These chicken curry puffs were fairly quick and easy to put together . Granger describes in their book that these curry puffs are their toddler daughter 's favourite , which hints that this recipe is more kiddie food than punchy grown-up fare . But you can certainly adjust the seasoning to add more salt and spice , keeping in mind that you will be serving these chicken curry puffs with chilli sauce anyway .
Do you have a favourite recipe for curry puffs which you can recommend ? I 'm still on the lookout for the perfect recipe , particularly one for deep-frying …
Chicken Curry Puffs Print Pin Recipe ★★★★★ 5 from 1 reviews Recipe adapted from Everyday Asian by Bill Granger Author : eatlittlebird.com
Prep Time : 45 mins
Cook Time : 20 mins
Total Time : 1 hour 5 minutes
Yield : Makes about 20 Ingredients 150 g ( 5 oz ) potatoes
1-2 tablespoons olive oil
1 small onion , finely chopped
2 garlic cloves , finely chopped
2 teaspoons curry powder
150 g ( 5 oz ) minced chicken
80 g ( 3 oz ) frozen peas
coriander ( cilantro ) , finely chopped
ready-rolled puff pastry
1 egg , lightly beaten
sesame seeds for sprinkling Instructions Peel the potatoes and cut them into chunks about 2 cm ( 1 inch ) . Cook the potatoes into salted boiling water for about 10 minutes or until they are cooked through . Drain and set aside . Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat . Gently fry the onion and garlic until it is aromatic , and then add the curry powder . Stir for a few seconds and then add the chicken . Cook until the chicken is no longer pink and is cooked through . Taste for seasoning . You might want to add more curry powder , chilli powder and/or perhaps a dash of soy sauce . Stir through the potatoes and frozen peas ( no need to defrost ) and set the pan aside to cool . When the filling has reached room temperature , stir through the coriander ( cilantro ) . Preheat the oven to 190°C ( 370°F ) . Use a cookie cutter , a glass jar or a small bowl to cut rounds from the puff pastry , about 10 cm in diameter . Place a tablespoon or so of mixture in each round and fold the pastry over to make a half-moon shape . Pinch the edges together , either with your fingers or with the tines of a fork . Repeat until you have used all of your pastry . Brush each little parcel with beaten egg and sprinkle with sesame seeds . Bake for 15-20 minutes , or until lightly golden . Kitchen Notes OVEN TEMPERATURES
All recipes on this website state temperatures for a regular oven ( i.e . a conventional oven without fan ) . If you have a convection oven with a fan , please consult the manufacturer 's handbook on how to adjust the temperature and baking time accordingly . CONVERSIONS
To convert from cups to grams , and vice-versa , please see this handy Conversion Chart for Basic Ingredients .
SaveSave
