It is too hard to climb out of the 100/ 500 club , and being stuck there too long makes me want to quit or leave the stream .
I do n't feel like I can ever make big risky bets on games , because any payout will be very small for the risk taken .
I feel like even if I play well for long periods of time , I do n't increase in balanceand this is annoying/ upsetting/ frustrating .
Bet sizes are so small compared to the top rank balances , that it feels like an impossibly long grind to reach the top ranks , especially if I do n't have free time
When activity is low , and under 5 people bet , there is no reason to bet as there is no money to be won
We were indebted to Olivier Giroud after the France international scored the equaliser in the 3-3 draw with Bournemouth on Tuesday night .
Arsene Wenger was pleased with the France international 's contribution , but also hailed the impact made by Lucas off the bench .
The manager faced the media after the game , and this is what they said :
on how important Giroud is becoming now…Every player is important . I thought Lucas came on and had an exceptional game . I said on Sunday that Giroud can score important goals - they have done that again today because when you play in the box they are dangerous . I think Lucas scored an exceptional goal of pure class . Giroud again scored because we dominated and they can score a header . Look , you have mixed feelings after a game like that because you wanted three points and you got only one . But when you are 3-0 down after 70 minutes you take a point as well .
on Coquelin 's situation…Coquelin has a hamstring . It 's too early , you have to wait 48 hours for a scan to see . Usually when they sit down and comes up it 's not so good news . It 's just a tightness . The player tries to get on but they did n't even try to play again .
on Bellerin 's night…He had a knock , they were uncertain to play . That 's the problem when you have only 48 hours , you have to play some players who come out of a game like Crystal Palace [ with knocks ] . We had three or four players who we had to wait for the warm up to see if they could play .
on who the other three players were…We had Koscielny , we had Gabriel that I did n't start in the end because I was not in a position , and then I did not start Oxlade-Chamberlain because I did not take a gamble with them because I do n't know who we have to take off . You can not take the fresh player out but then you can not , the players who have played 48 hours before , you can not take them out . It complicates a lot , the job . But we have to shut up and cope with it .
on why Koscielny came off…He was tired , they had cramps in both legs and that 's why I decided to take them off .
Nintendo has been thinking about bringing Minecraft to Nintendo devices , according to comments made by Nintendo executives .
Shigeru Miyamoto and Shinya Takahashi , heads of Nintendo 's internal development teams , said to Kotaku that they believe Mojang 's popular crafting game would be a good fit on the 3DS and Wii U . According to them , the touch control of the Wii U Gamepad and the 3DS would allow Minecraft to reach a wider audience than ever . In Takahashi 's words , `` We 've always thought internally that using the GamePad would probably make for a Minecraft that 's very easy to play . And , of course , if we were to do something with Minecraft on the 3DS , similarly we would probably do it where it would be easier to play and could probably reach a lot of kids . ''
Their focus for a possible Minecraft port is to make it appeal to as many users as they can . This does not seem to be an obstacle , however , but rather an opportunity . Both executives see a wide , untapped market in Japan where the game has yet to really take off . `` What 's interesting is that , in Japan , Minecraft is not popular in the way it is in the U.S. and Europe , '' Takahashi explained , `` so we 've also thought that , if we were able to do a partnership like that , it might bring opportunity to help make Minecraft more popular in Japan . ''
Miyamoto also revealed that they have never actually played the game , but this did n't stop them from hinting further at the possibility of bringing it to Nintendo consoles . According to him , only Nintendo hardware would be able to mesh the widespread appeal of the touch-based mobile version of Minecraft with the precision of console controls . `` Our hardware is the only hardware that you can do both the touch control and stick control , '' they said .
Minecraft is available for the Xbox 360 , PC , PlayStation 3 , and mobile devices , and is coming to PlayStation 4 , Vita , and Xbox One some time in August .
Come on kids , let me tell you a story !
It 's the same story we tell you every time the market goes dark and you are worried about the economic monsters in your closet but it sure works to calm the investors down - EVERY TIME ! Yesterday the kids were really scared so they brought out all 4 of the Fed 's master story-tellers to literally speak to kids at the New York Economic Club and boy , did that do the trick !
NEW YORK—Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen and three former Fed leaders sought to dispel worries the U.S. is heading back toward recession despite concerns about slow global growth and the expansion 's advancing age . Ms. Yellen , joined Thursday in an unusual gathering in New York by former Fed Chairmen Ben Bernanke , Alan Greenspan and Paul Volcker , described an economy that is progressing without breeding obvious new financial bubbles that could derail growth . “ This is an economy on a solid course , not a bubble economy , ” Ms. Yellen said . It has made “ tremendous progress ” from the damage of the 2007-2009 financial crisis .
See , everything is great - no monsters under your bed or in the closet , now go back to the story or the market and BUYBUYBUY ! And BUYBUYBUY investors did , reversing half of yesterday 's losses overnight - EXACTLY what we predicted would happen yesterday morning and , how did we know ? Because we 've heard this story 100 times at this point ! As I said to our Members :
I am simply in awe of the effort that is being put in by the G20 to manipulate the markets . This morning Italy is up 3 % on yet another bailout from the EU . The fact that we need these bailouts ( despite all the `` oversight '' and stress tests ) does n't bother anyone – as long as the FREE MONEY keeps coming . And , of course , our own Fed heads talked up the economy and , more importantly , their ability to wisely steer it , last night . The main message was well-delivered , using the history of the 4 speakers , they reminded people of how many crises they had steered us through in the past and how worried we all were at the time and how crazy they seemed at the time but how , in the end , they were right and wise and fair and just and it all works out so BUYBUYBUY because all shall be well .
And all is , indeed , well this morning and we 're back to Friday 's open ( 2,045 on the S & P ) but far below Friday 's close ( 2,075 ) but this too is what we predicted on Monday and , needless to say , we 've had a fantastic week - though we could have just as well taken it off as net nothing happened in the bigger picture . In fact , my Monday comments about Trump 's Recession have now been scientifically verified by Money Pulse , who say `` more than 25 % of Americans indicate they 've become more cautious with their money as a result of this presidential campaign . ''
Remember , I can only tell you what is going to happen and how to make money playing it - the rest is up to you ! 8 )
Japan 's Finance Minister has described the dollar 's recent falls vs. the yen as `` one-sided movements '' and vowed to intervene if necessary to continue the country 's fight against deflation .
`` We are watching moves with a sense of tension , '' Taro Aso told a press conference after the greenback sank to a 17-month low of 107.67 yen on Thursday . `` We will take necessary steps in accordance with circumstances . ''
Of course , that sent the Nikkei flying higher , now over 16,000 and , at $ 5 per point per contract - we 're already up $ 2,000 per contract off our 15,600 bullish entry - what a nice way to end the week ! And , I will remind you - this is the same chart , with the same lines that I drew for you when describing this trade idea in yesterday 's post - only it had n't happened yet - our goal was just 15,900 , the rest was gravy ( or soy sauce ) !
Needless to say , we 're still running cautious into the weekend and we even got a bit more bearish yesterday , cashing in some of the longs from our Options Opportunity Portfolio to tilt it more bearish into the weekend . If we 're wrong , and the markets turn higher - then we have cash on the side and plenty of hedges and we can aggressively add more longs but I super-duper doubt that 's going to be necessary .
Even as I write this ( 8:25 ) William Dudley ( NY Fed Head ) is making a doveish speech in Hartford , saying the Fed will take a very cautious approach to rate hikes while at the same time telling us how the economy is improving . Those two things do n't really go together but it 's the story the Fed wants us to accept despite all those suspicious noises coming from the closet . For example , here 's what we see when we actually look under the bed at the Manufacturing numbers Uncle Dudley says are `` improving '' :
I do n't know if milk and cookies are going to make this one all better , folks . Not to end the weekend on a down note but I know there are people there who think the magic pixie who runs the Fed these days can fix anything but they ca n't and you 're going to be very upset when you find out it 's just a nice old lady who puts a quarter under your pillow when you lose a tooth and , no matter how hard you wish for a comfortable retirement - she 's not going to be able to make it happen - you 'll have to learn to do the work and get there yourself ! Here 's a short list of this weekend 's potential monsters - please hedge wisely !
Hopefully , everything will be fine but , as I often remind our Members : `` Hope is not a valid trading strategy . ''
Have a great weekend ,
`` The Offense in a Snap '' is a series that is meant to walk you through of a few select Seahawks ' offensive plays from the previous week 's game .
I happen to be without much of a voice at present . So I elected to write a few simple notes on these clips that will help people understand why I picked them .
1 ) On this incompletion to Cooper Helfet , I 'm always amazed this type of thing does n't happen to Russ more often . I think the situation catches them in-between being a thrower and a runner . In their defense , it looks like Helfet releases from the block a bit late .
-- -- -- -- -- -
2 ) I made note of this pass even though it 's incomplete for a few reasons . First , Richardson beats the double coverage and next , check out where Russell is when they let this ball go and then note where it comes down . People will say Russ under-threw P-Rich here but I think Richardson actually outruns . * thud * .... sorry sorry , I fainted from surprise . When they click it 's gon na be huge .
* * As a bonus I included Richardson 's kick return in GIF form at the bottom of this piece . Watch the quickness with which this speedster gathers their feet to a full stop . This is pretty rare for fast guys to do . The only guy I ever saw with that kind of footwork was Torry Holt . On their ten yard catch ( which I was unable to show here because the broadcast does n't show it . ) it 's a wonderful demonstration of their abilities on quick routes and stop patterns . I would n't put my money on them seeing much press coverage either . When I get my voice back I 'll give an in-depth review of both Richardson and Norwood .
-- -- -- -- -
3 ) The first thing you notice when you watch Norwood highlights at Alabama is their abilities in traffic to finish a catch . Routes are not smooth , but they are technically correct both elements are shown here in this clip .
-- -- -- -- -
4 ) Luke Willson 's subtle execution on this route creates a perfect window for Russell here . An outside release ( meaning they angle their shoulders to the numbers right off the ball , forcing the strong safety to play the outside and hope their safety help can pick them up to the inside . Roman Harper , who 'Hawk fans might remember from their 2010 disaster for the Saints in the playoffs , is playing on the far hash marks and does n't even move until Luke is already in the process of making the catch . Roman was probably just thinking about Y-Snoozie . ( You 're welcome to all six of you that get this reference . )
-- -- -- -- -- -
Special Thanks to @ MistaBanks on Twitter who located this GIF for me .
Quick Game Wrap
The offense moved well enough in a tough environment at times . Redzone problems skewed the score a little and Russell had some in-between plays and a few pass selections that they themselves noted contributed to the struggles there . Going forward I like Richardson and Norwood to get more looks as coaches see what they can do .
We 've gone through this before , but let 's go through it again : Donald Trump 's stupidly written executive order will not make America safer . And their administration 's stated excuses for the ban are , to use the preferred legal term , hot garbage .
President Trump first pitched a ban on Muslims more than a year ago , proposing it in the wake of the terrorist attack in San Bernardino , Calif. , in December 2015 . They revived the idea after the Orlando club massacre last summer . And when Trump announced Friday that they were suspending travel from seven Muslim-majority countries , their order mentioned the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks three times . No one involved in those attacks was born in the countries Trump 's order included . [ .. ] The list of countries the ban affects also did not include countries where people behind several other attacks in recent years — along with high-profile plots that were not carried out — were born .
The ban excludes nations in which Trump has business interests . The ban is being celebrated by terrorist groups as `` proof '' of American hatred toward Muslims and , therefore , a recruiting tool . Dozens of American diplomats and other experts have already spoken out against the ban .
Trump 's team can point to no non-fabricated evidence of a meaningful security threat from refugees . The refugees are already vetted ; it already takes more screening to be admitted to this country than it takes to be admitted to Donald Trump 's own national security team . It is the result of an explicitly bigoted campaign promise which , according to Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani , was hand-crafted as `` legal '' wrapper for Trump 's desired `` Muslim ban . ''
Trump 's team has crafted an order that will harm America in order to prop up their own white nationalist-inspired ideals . They 're lying about the justifications for the order now because , as Giuliani rather bluntly stated , the order was crafted as a religious ban first—with the justifications tacked on afterward .
Winter storms lashed this stretch of coastal California , rendering many parts inaccessible , but now wealthy tourists are helicoptering in to this exclusive idyll
Storms cut Big Sur off from the world . But for a price , the trip of a lifetime awaits
When winter storms hammered the 90-mile ribbon of coastal California known as Big Sur , the results were calamitous .
A bridge collapsed in the north and landslides buried chunks of highway further south , cutting off segments totaling 35 miles in between . People fled , abandoning homes and businesses .
Four months later , the northernmost segment remains cut off save for a rugged hiking trail . Vehicles ca n't get in or out , casting an eerie stillness over a majestic landscape which draws about 3 million tourists a year .
Big Sur ravaged by floods , mudslides and storms : 'Paradise can turn on you ' Read more
You could call this a natural disaster . Or , if your pockets are deep enough , you could call it the holiday of a lifetime .
Wealthy tourists are helicoptering in to a luxury resort , savouring champagne , oysters , massages and placidity – as well as injecting money into a grateful local economy – in what is , for now , possibly the world 's most exclusive idyll .
“ We feel both guilty and blessed , ” said Cynthia DeMers , 61 , as they lunched with their husband , David , 62 , on the clifftop terrace of the Post Ranch Inn . “ A lot of people were put out by this situation but we 're able to enjoy the serenity . ”
Below them foamed the turquoise waters of the Pacific . Behind them wound the Pacific Coast Highway which was so empty and quiet you could hear birdsong . An artery normally trundled by 6,000 vehicles daily , now padded by coyotes and mountain lions .
“ It 's surreal , ” David DeMers said .
The couple , who work in IT and finance , booked the resort 's “ escape through the skies ” package to celebrate their 15th wedding anniversary . Rates for a two-day package range from $ 4,291 to $ 7,109 , depending on room type . A four-day package ranges from $ 7,882 to $ 13,518 .
For that you get a helicopter in and out , gourmet fare , stunning views and a sense of solitariness verging on existential . Some compare it to a time capsule – reverting to decades ago when artists and bohemians were just beginning to establish Big Sur 's mythic reputation .
“ The helicopter sealed the deal , ” said Anne Meyer , 60 . “ No lines , no waiting time . It 's like exploring , living out your own adventure . ”
Them husband , Ted , 62 , a pediatrician from Florida , nodded . “ This is as nice as it gets , as nice as I 'd ever need . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Guests arriving by helicopter at the Post Ranch Inn . Photograph : Rory Carroll for the Guardian
Post Ranch Inn guests can use a fleet of 15 Lexus sedans to cruise the sort of deserted , spectacular highway you see in car commercials . The catch is they can drive just 22 miles south , where the road ends in the St Paul 's mudslide ( beyond it lies the far bigger Mud Creek slide ) , or just a mile north , where it stops at the collapsed Pfeiffer Canyon bridge .
Repair crews toil at each end . A new bridge is expected to open in September , allowing in cars from the north . It could be a year or more before the road to the south reopens , uncorking the full tourist flow .
Crews also built a steep , rugged mile-long hiking trail on the northern side for residents who remain , their only way in and out . It officially opens to the public on 1 July but a few tourists are already using it .
“ I feel pretty privileged to be here , ” said Dustin Howland , 27 , a dusty , sweaty backpacker from northern California who slogged in with a friend . They planned to camp on a beach .
Elliot Vega , 42 , hiked in with their wife and two teenage children from a campsite north of the bridge . They lunched in hushed tranquility at Nepenthe , a restaurant which normally bustles with 700-plus diners daily .
“ You feel like you 're on on island , ” said Vega , a public works official from Santa Cruz . Asked if they would like to fly out , they smiled . “ Yeah . But I do n't want to even know how much that costs . ”
More will trickle in when the trail officially opens but until the bridge opens , the helicopter visitors have this strip of paradise largely to themselves .
Most hotels , lodges and restaurants shut after the February mudslide but the Post Ranch Inn , a resort with plush tree houses and a spa , stayed open by flying in guests . Becoming a de facto airline was expensive – the resort was currently just breaking even . Occupancy is about 60 % , well below normal , but enough to keep 120 staff employed , said Mike Freed , a managing partner .
“ In Big Sur it 's hard to get employees . If you do n't get people back to work they 'll get a job elsewhere and you 'll never get them back. ” Many staff members have worked there since the resort opened in 1994 and are like family , Freed said . “ Keeping them , that 's the incentive . That , plus the great guest experience . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Big Sur coastline looking north to Bixby Canyon Bridge . Photograph : Robert Schwemmer/NOAA
To redress a widespread impression that Big Sur is shuttered and perilous , they invited the Guardian to fly “ the magic carpet ” .
The journey starts at Del Monte Aviation , an executive terminal which abuts Monterey 's regional airport , 120 miles south of San Francisco . You press a bell to gain entrance to a cosy , golf-themed terminal with chandeliers , champagne and a snack room with fruit , ice cream , cookies , liquorice and pet food .
You are weighed with your baggage on a scale , then escorted past private jets to a helicopter . It swoops south at about 1,500ft over a breathtaking landscape with names like Pico Blanco , Point Lobos , Emerald Bay and Pebble Beach . You can see seals in coves and , with luck , whales breaching in the ocean .
The pilot played acoustic Hawaiian guitar through the headphones . They also had Ride of the Valkyries on their playlist , but did not play it .
The helicopters – the resort rents several – land on a field beside solar panels and a waiting Lexus which whisks guests to cabins nestled amid redwoods . In addition to massages and fine dining there is an infinity pool , shaman sessions and stargazing .
“ They are very blissed out , ” said Erin Gafill , whose family owns the nearby Nepenthe restaurant . “ Even when you 're as wealthy as Croesus – to come to Big Sur and be one of just several hundred people rather than millions , that 's special . You feel it 's really just you . You hear birds sing , the wind , the waves . ”
“ The first thing you do is look at their feet , ” Gafill said . Customers with boots tend to be local and those with shoes helicopter folk . They can be big spenders . “ A couple might come in and order $ 1,200 of wine . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Anne and Ted Meyer , who helicoptered into Big Sur , lunching at Nepenthe restaurant . Photograph : Rory Carroll for the Guardian
Some also splurge on arts , crafts and clothing in the adjacent Phoenix store , the only limit being helicopter weight restrictions . “ It 's so quiet we 're like a personal shopping team for whoever comes in , ” said Caitlin Reclusado , behind the counter .
Survival hinged on visitors , Gafill said . “ It makes all the difference . We 're just about breaking even . Our real goal is to maintain a pulse for the community . Our whole culture here depends on guests . ”
At LAX 's new private terminal , the rich are pampered while normal people suffer Read more
Other residents agreed , even John and Frances Hoeffel , retired lab technicians who were hiking home after a day “ off the island ” . “ We had a very negative opinion initially of the helicopter thing , ” said John , 71 . “ They being the rich and we being the poor . ”
But the Hoeffels ended up supporting the air link after realising it saved jobs . They also appreciated the Post Ranch Inn 's aid to the community , such as helping to build the trail , sharing gasoline , flying in and hosting school teachers .
Latinos who work or used to work for other businesses as cooks , cleaners and gardeners also welcomed visitors they hear but seldom see . “ We all need jobs , ” said Josue Ramos , 19 , who sleeps in a friend 's car and hikes the trail to work . “ Everything helps , ” said Gustavo Hernandez , 27 .
Some have called the area 's otherworldly calm post-apocalyptic . A less dramatic description would be pre-1950s . The vibe can be infectious .
Elizabeth Murray , the chef at the Post Ranch Inn 's Sierra Mar restaurant , has noticed that guests who helicopter in seldom mention dietary restrictions and allergies . “ I think it 's because people are in such a fantastic , romantic mood . ”
In a stunning interview , the Maronite patriarch of Antioch , Cardinal Bechara Boutros al-Rahi , has contended that Islam has a clear , two-pronged strategy to take over Europe : religion and procreation .
The cardinal said that Muslims look on Christians as weak and believe that since they have no children and barely practice their faith , Islam will easily conquer them . Sadly , they said , Muslims take their faith more seriously than most Christians , and they are gaining ground because of it .
“ I have often heard from Muslims that their goal is to conquer Europe with two weapons : their faith and their birthrate , ” al-Rahi said in a recent interview with Famiglia Cristiana , an Italian Catholic weekly magazine .
For the Muslims , the Cardinal said , “ the practice of the faith is essential and fundamental . In Saudi Arabia they go to Friday prayers even if they need a walking stick . They know the Koran by heart , and when they talk they often cite it . The same is not true for Christians who do not refer either to the Bible or the teachings of the Church . ”
The Muslims “ believe that God 's will is to procreate and that marriage is aimed at this , ” they said . “ They think that numbers will give them the upper hand . ”
Christians , however , “ hardly get married anymore , and have few children , ” they said .
The Cardinal also said that Muslims “ identify anything that comes from the West as Christian per se . All Western politics is Christian politics , it is a new crusade . They say that Christians are the remains of the Crusades and of Western imperialism , ” they said .
At the same time , al-Rahi sharply criticized the EU 's ineffective solutions to Europe 's migration crisis , arguing that the only way to end the chaos is by stopping the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria .
The 75-year-old cardinal is the Maronite Patriarch of the ancient city of Antioch , where Christianity has deep and millennial roots . They said that the ongoing conflict provoked by the Islamic State is forcing both Christians and moderate Muslims to emigrate from the Holy Land , so before all else , attention must be given to putting an end to the siege .
It is useless for Europe to quarrel over the reception of refugees without addressing the root cause of emigration from the Middle East , which is armed conflict , they said .
“ The first thing to do to protect Christians in the Middle East is to end the war in Syria , Iraq , Yemen and Palestine , ” the Cardinal said . “ European states quarrel with each other about the number of refugees to be admitted but do nothing to end the conflict . ”
“ The Middle East is emptying and leaving the field open to fundamentalist and terrorist organizations , ” al-Rahi said . For some reason , they said , “ States do not talk about it , the only one making appeals is Pope Francis . ”
“ Europe is talking about the reception of refugees , those who would like ten thousand and another who will take three thousand people , but this does not help us , ” they said . “ Europe should focus on the cause of migration , namely the war . You have to turn off the tap and ensure that Muslims and Christians will return to their lands . ”
“ A Middle East without Christians , ” the Cardinal continued , “ has no identity . ”
“ This is the place of all divine revelation . It is where Jesus took flesh , died and rose again . It is where the Church was born and began to proclaim the Gospel to the world , ” they said .
Al-Rahi also noted that Christians resent being called a “ minority ” in the Middle East . We have been here for two thousand years , they said , “ six hundred years before the arrival of Islam . ”
“ Just as Europe discusses how to preserve its identity , it is urgent that we do the same , ” they said .
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter @ tdwilliamsrome
Attackers behind today 's WannaCry ransomware outbreak in Europe are spreading the malware using the EternalBlue exploit leaked by the ShadowBrokers .
A ransomware attack running rampant through Europe today is spreading via an exploit leaked in the most recent ShadowBrokers dump .
Researchers at Kaspersky Lab said the attackers behind today 's outbreak of WannaCry ransomware are using EternalBlue , the codename for an exploit made public by the mysterious group that is in possession of offensive hacking tools allegedly developed by the NSA .
EternalBlue is a remote code execution attack taking advantage of a SMBv1 vulnerability in Windows . Microsoft patched the vulnerability on March 14 , one month before the exploit was publicly leaked . Spain 's Computer Emergency Response Team , Kaspersky Lab , and others are recommending organizations install MS17-010 immediately on all unpatched Windows machines .
Most of the attacks are concentrated in Russia , but machines in 74 countries have been infected ; researchers at Kaspersky Lab said in a Securelist report published today they 've recorded more than 45,000 infections so far on their sensors , and expect that number to climb .
Sixteen National Health Service ( NHS ) organizations in the U.K. , several large telecommunications companies and utilities in Spain , and other business worldwide have been infected . Critical services are being interrupted at hospitals across England , and in other locations , businesses are shutting down IT systems .
The BBC reports that hospitals in London and other major cities in England have been hit . Patient care has been impacted at some hospitals with non-urgent surgeries being postponed and emergency patients redirected to other facilities .
The Guardian said hospitals run by the East and North Hertfordshire NHS Trust , Barts Health in London , and other facilities in Southport and Blackpool are known to be down . The ransomware has locked admins out of email servers and medical staff can not access patient and clinical systems .
MS17-010 , experts warned , would haunt IT systems for years to come , much in the same way MS08-067 , the Conficker vulnerability , continues to show up in pen-tests today close to a decade after it was patched . The vulnerability affects Microsoft SMB server deployments on all supported versions of Windows going back to Vista . Attackers would need to find a vulnerable SMB Server on the internet and send it a malicious packet to trigger the vulnerability .
The patch shuts down a number of attacks leaked by the ShadowBrokers that are part of the Fuzzbunch exploit platform , including EternalBlue . Each of the exploits in the platform drops the DoublePulsar post-exploitation Windows kernel attack onto compromised machines . DoublePulsar is a kernel payload that allows an attacker to execute shellcode payloads .
“ This is a full ring0 payload that gives you full control over the system and you can do what you want to it , ” Sean Dillon , senior security analyst at RiskSense told Threapost last month . Dillon was the first to reverse-engineer a DoublePulsar payload . “ This is going to be on networks for years to come . The last major vulnerability of this class was MS08-067 , and it 's still found in a lot of places , ” Dillon said . “ I find it everywhere . This is the most critical Windows patch since that vulnerability . ”
As for today 's attacks , England 's health care system is among the hardest hit .
NHS issued a statement identifying the ransomware as “ Wan na Decryptor , ” the WanaCrypt0r variant of WCry or WannaCry identified by Malware Hunter Team .
Users report being locked out of systems , which are now displaying a ransom note similar to those used by many other ransomware families demanding a $ 600 payment in Bitcoin . The note says files on the infected system have been encrypted and provides victims with instructions on how to recover their data before it is permanently lost . The tool and payment instructions were designed to address users in dozens of countries and were translated in many languages .
“ The request for $ 600 in Bitcoin is displayed along with the wallet . It 's interesting that the initial request in this sample is for $ 600 USD , as the first five payments to that wallet is approximately $ 300 USD . It suggests that the group is increasing the ransom demands , ” researchers at Kaspersky Lab said . The ransom note shows a clock counting down until the ransom demand is raised , with a threat that user may permanently lose their files after the clock times out .
This ransomware family is relatively new with the first iteration popping up in February . Early versions appended the .WCRY extension to encrypted files ; today 's outbreak is also appending .WNCRY , some reports say .
Kaspersky Lab said in its report that the malware directs victims to a page with a QR code at btcfrog ; that QR code links to the attackers ' main Bitcoin wallet , which was showing five transactions so far today . Two other transactions were recorded at another Bitcoin wallet listed in the malware readme file .
The researchers said the malware runs command and control through Tor , and published a list of .onion domains for hidden services acting as C2 . Kaspersky Lab also published hashes of samples it has observed in the wild and a list of detection names .
“ Kaspersky Lab experts are currently working on the possibility of creating a decryption tool to help victims , ” researchers said . “ We will provide an update when a tool is available . ”
NHS , which is England 's public national healthcare system , said it is investigating , but does not believe that patient data has been accessed .
“ The attack was not specifically targeted at NHS and is affecting organizations from across a range of sectors , ” NHS said .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Brought to you by Subscribe today
Philippe Bugalski - the first man ever to win a World Rally Championship event for Citroen - died on Friday in a fall at their home near the French town of Vichy . They were 49 .
As test driver for all of Citroen 's prototype rally cars , Bugalski played a major role in shaping the sport 's modern era , as the cars they helped develop achieved unprecedented success .
'Le Petit Bug ' - as they were known - first competed back in 1984 but joined Citroen full-time in 1998 , making their debut in the all-conquering Formula 2 Xsara Kit Car on the Catalunya Rally , the first of three asphalt rallies that they would contest with the squad that year .
The undisputed high point of their career came a year later , when they won both Catalunya and Corsica in the car , co-driven by Jean-Paul Chiaroni . It was a performance so dominant on both occasions that the sport 's top stars at the time called for the car to be handicapped on WRC events .
Bugalski could have added a Sanremo victory to that total had conditions not been wet on the second day , robbing the two-wheel drive Xsara of vital traction and dropping them to 11th . The final day was dry , and Bugalski crashed out after a spectacular , all-or-nothing charge through the field that was breathtaking to watch . At the same time , they wrapped up three consecutive French titles from 1998 to 2000 , the first two with the F2 Xsara , their favourite rally car , and then in Citroen 's new Xsara T4 .
In 2000 they also alternated occasional world championship outings in a Citroen Saxo alongside a testing campaign with the T4 , which would eventually become the Citroen Xsara World Rally Car once the PSA Group gave the green light for Citroen to go head-to-head against stablemate Peugeot . Bugalski 's debut in the car came on the 2001 Catalunya Rally , where they finished eighth , but the best result of their first Xsara WRC season came with sixth place on the rough gravel of the Acropolis - by no means their favourite surface .
In 2002 , once the Xsara WRC really hit its stride , they were back on the podium with third in Catalunya : the same rally where they ended their distinguished career a year later at the age of 40 .
Latterly , they devoted their time to historic rallies - where they competed in cars such as the iconic Audi Quattro - and the well-known Automeca team , which they had just taken control of recently . They are survived by their wife and two daughters .
It 's an overused phrase but Bugalski was a true gentleman , with a warmth and personality that far exceeded their diminutive stature . They were driven by a passion for rallying that led them to always help youngsters coming up through the sport , with Citroen regarding them as not just a valued test driver , but a true brand ambassador .
Ali Rowghani , COO of Twitter , resigned from their job at the social communications site , announcing the move in a tweet .
While their tweet makes clear they are leaving the company , according to a company filing , they are staying as a “ strategic advisor ” to CEO Dick Costolo . Translation : He 's leaving .
The move is likely to reinforce the image of Twitter as a bit of a revolving door and a place of management chaos . Others think the fixing of an exec structure that is not working is a good thing .
The San Francisco-based company said it was axing the COO position altogether , noting it “ does not intend to hire a replacement for the COO role , and all of Mr. Rowghani 's operating responsibilities will be assumed by other members of the Twitter management team . ”
I 'll translate that , too , since Rowghani — despite their high status — did not actually have much reporting to them at this point . The product organization , now headed by recent hire and former Google exec Daniel Graf , reports already to Costolo .
Sources said the media and international units are likely to be taken over by marketing and communications and business development to the sales org , but that is still undetermined .
Here 's Rowghani 's tweet :
https : //twitter.com/ROWGHANI/status/477074205591089153
That was followed by a tweet by Costolo :
https : //twitter.com/dickc/status/477074496315072512
Let 's just say , resignation in the digital age is so efficient .
Well , not exactly .
Re/code had reported yesterday that the exec was under fire inside the company for a number of reasons , including an inability to spur growth and innovate the product . In addition , there was some controversy over their selling of a large amount of stock while the company 's shares were on a downward spiral and also some press that painted them as the company 's “ co-CEO . ”
Rowghani has been at the company for just over four years , coming to Twitter as CFO from Pixar , where they were also CFO . They were elevated to COO in late 2012 .
For a long time , Rowghani was considered one of Twitter 's most valuable assets . But recently , they have been under fire for a number of reasons .
As I wrote last night , ahead of this news :
Twitter announced in 2012 that it had more than 200 million active users — who are people who used the service at least once a month . Soon after , Costolo told employees they expected to get to 400 million users by the end of 2013 . Twitter ended 2013 with 240 million users and in was 255 million at the end of the first quarter of 2014 . “ If [ Rowghani ] had nailed growth , that would have been great , ” said one source with knowledge of the debate over how to turbocharge the company . “ But they did not , and it was not clear they were the one that could. ” To be fair , Rowghani has been instrumental in a number of ways , including the acquisition of social TV analytics startup Bluefin Labs and the deal with Nielsen to create the Twitter rating system . That said , their strong backing of the recently abandoned purchase of music-sharing service SoundCloud was another black eye for him , after news of it leaked . The deal received a poor reception on Wall Street .
In addition , there was controversy over their sale of 300,000 shares in May :
For example , there has been some tension among the Twitter top staff over the May sale of 300,000 shares of stock , for $ 9.9 million in profits , by Rowghani . The transaction came as Twitter shares have been under a lot of pressure and on a very downward slide and as other insiders , including Costolo and co-founders and directors Jack Dorsey and Evan Williams , vowed not to sell as a signal of confidence about Twitter 's prospects . There was , in fact , a question at a recent “ tea time ” — bi-weekly employee meetings with top execs — about Rowghani 's large sale of their shares . Those in attendance told me that Rowghani got up and told the audience that they were not thrilled to answer the question , but noted that they wanted the money to give to research to battle a disease that took their father 's life . It was an emotional address , said those present . This came after a poor internal reception — including among directors — of an article in the Wall Street Journal on April 29 that dubbed the 41-year-old Rowghani Twitter 's “ Mr . Fix-It ” and said they were seen inside the company as a “ co-CEO among employees ” to Costolo . Not so much , and the characterization chafed board members and other top managers , since the issues of growth — really , lack thereof — has been on Rowghani 's plate to start with since last year .
There will be more to come . As I wrote , there is a “ streamlining ” being contemplated of all of the units of the company under HR head Brian Schipper , whom sources said has been charged by Costolo to look over the current structure of Twitter for changes that will vault it forward .
Graf has already reorged their unit , said sources .
“ It 's a good thing to upgrade now and maybe bring in some new people , ” said one person familiar with the situation . “ This is not a negative thing , but the way companies evolve . ”
Here 's Twitter 's short filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
With the launch of Firefox 48 , we debuted a new page in the Get Add-ons section of about : addons . For simplicity 's sake , we 're calling this the Discovery Pane .
We recently covered the reasons why we redesigned this page . Now I 'd like to share more insight into how this page 's content will refresh moving forward .
The Discovery Pane is designed to appeal to users who may have very little—or zero—understanding of what add-ons are , or why they should customize their browser . That 's why this page only features add-ons that meet the highest standards of user experience , like excellent UI , intuitive work flows , and polished functionality .
We also want to put forth only content that addresses what we know to be the most common needs of a broad set of Firefox users . The page as it exists today includes a few visual themes and four add-ons : an ad blocker , a video downloader , an emoji enhancement tool , and a screenshot extension—all very widely appealing use cases .
The list of content is intentionally short . As with introducing any unfamiliar concept , we wanted to avoid overwhelming people with loads of options , but rather focus their attention on a few enticing paths to choose from .
There are many high-caliber add-ons that would be a great fit in the Discovery Pane . So we 'll update this page each month as we identify more content and appropriate use cases . This does not mean we 'll update all of the content wholesale each month—we may leave certain add-ons in place if they offer a distinctly unique user benefit . However , for example , if we have four screenshot add-ons that are all equally awesome , we 'll endeavor to evenly rotate them .
An updated wiki page goes into greater detail about the selection criteria of Discovery Pane add-ons . But here are three critical criteria you should know about for all Discovery Pane add-ons ; they must be…
e10s compatible . As Firefox moves deeper into the new world of multi-process , we should only highlight content that is compatible with it ( without relying on shims ) . Here 's how you can check your add-on for compatibility . Restartless . We need a uniform installation process for all add-ons presented on the page . Already be part of our broader Featured Extensions collection , which is vetted by our community-driven Feature Board , as well as Mozilla staff .
If you 'd like to nominate your add-on ( or someone else 's ) for Discovery Pane consideration , please use the same channel we always have for featured content—email us at amo-featured @ mozilla.org and we 'll add your nomination to the editorial review queue . There 's no need to specifically mention “ Discovery Pane ” while nominating , since all nominations will be viewed through that prism , but feel free if you like .
Any questions ? Concerns ? Better ideas ? Feedback ? You know where to leave comments…
Recessions and the State of Our Economy : A Visual Primer
When there 's smoke , there 's fire .
The latest unemployment numbers are finally pointing to something we 've been suspecting all along : that we 're now in the midst of a recession . But for those folks out there who are n't thoroughly convinced , or who would like to become acquainted with the topic of recessions — after all , this is something that may have some influence on our spending and saving habits in the near term — I 'd like to present this FAQ on recessions . So let 's get to know our personal finance 's public enemy # 1… 😉
Signs and Predictors of a Recession
What are the symptoms of a recession ? Here are some of the signs that the recession is finally here :
three sequential months of job losses
the largest number of job losses in 5 years occurred in March 2008
the national unemployment rate rose from 4.8 percent to 5.1 percent
increase in mortgage defaults due to subprime loans
financial institutions are in near collapse ( Bear Stearns ? )
foreclosure spikes nation-wide
stock market down from previous highs
Definition of a Recession
Though it may sound like the end is nigh when the media starts to freely promote the notion that we 're finally in the thick of an economic storm ( but really just the trough of an economic cycle ) , you may want to put things in perspective . A recession is part of a normal economic cycle and is defined as follows :
According to the National Bureau of Economic Research , or NBER , a recession can be defined as “ a significant decline in economic activity spread across the economy , lasting more than a few months , normally visible in real GDP ( gross domestic product ) , real income , employment , industrial production and wholesale-retail sales. ” While other sources officially describe it as “ a decline in a country 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) , or negative real economic growth , for two or more successive quarters for a year . ”
The determination of a recession is typically delayed , and identified only after some months have past where weakness has been tracked and recognized on various economic fronts and in market indicators .
It may not be so bad when you know it 's just temporary . Or when you realize it 's already happening way after it 's already started . Or maybe it 's not so bad because you happen to be lucky enough to live and work in a recession-proof locale . Or we could just be lulled into a false sense of security since the last couple of recessions we 've had had n't been painful enough to be truly memorable .
It is worth noting though , that recessions have been shorter and shallower than they 've typically been way back in history . Following are some interesting tables and charts depicting the history of recessions in the United States .
History of Recessions
This table from CNBC shows us a history of recessions :
Recessions of the 20th Century Date Duration ( in Months ) Sept. 1902-Aug. 1904 23 May 1907-June 1908 13 Jan. 1910-Jan. 1912 24 Jan. 1913-Dec. 1914 23 Aug. 1918-March 1919 7 Jan. 1920-July 1921 18 May 1923-July 1924 14 Oct. 1926-Nov. 1927 13 Aug. 1929-March 1933 43 May 1937-June 1938 13 Feb. 1945-Oct. 1945 8 Nov. 1948-Oct. 1949 11 July 1953-May 1954 10 Aug. 1957-April 1958 8 April 1960-Feb. 1961 10 Dec. 1969-Nov. 1970 11 Nov. 1973-March 1975 16 Jan. 1980-July 1980 6 July 1981-Nov. 1982 16 July 1990-March 1991 8 March 2001-Nov. 2001 8 December 2007 – June 2009 18 sources : NBER
As you 'll see , the last couple of decades have yielded some pretty tame recessions that have lasted us only 8 months each . Will this current one be any different ? Many say we 're due to return to “ normal or average recession standards ” . For clarity , this is how recessions are classified or characterized :
A “ mild ” recession is one whose duration is less than 10 months and which results in small declines in jobs , retail sales , output and real GDP . An “ average ” recession typically persists for 11 months with more moderate declines in the jobs , sales , output , real GDP and interest rates . While a “ severe ” recession is known to last for 16 months , with economic indicators experiencing more dramatic drops .
Should we then expect a longer down period ? Given the causes and triggers of this downtrend , and the general difficult financial landscape our nation is facing , it may not be surprising to see a more protracted contraction this time around .
How The Economic Cycle and The Stock Market Are Linked
All this recession talk is of course , fascinating , but as investors , I 'm sure you 'd be more interested in finding out how recessions affect the stock market and consequently , your portfolios . Well , looking back through history ( from the 1950 's ) and at how the stock market has behaved during some of these periods , I can see that the 16 month recession triggered by the global oil crisis in the early 1970 's as relatively being the harshest and having the most devastating effect on the average investment portfolio .
Here are some statistics from Vanguard showing how the S & P index has performed during economic slumps :
Recession Nominal S & P 500 Return Real S & P 500 Return * July 1953–May 1954 23.63 % 23.10 % August 1957–April 1958 –1.31 % –3.64 % April 1960–February 1961 20.04 % 19.02 % December 1969–November 1970 –1.92 % –6.96 % November 1973–March 1975 –7.79 % –22.82 % January–July 1980 9.53 % 3.64 % July 1981–November 1982 14.22 % 7.11 % July 1990–March 1991 7.89 % 4.59 % March–November 2001 –0.90 % –1.70 %
* Adjusted for inflation using the Consumer Price Index . Data sources : Vanguard and the National Bureau of Economic Research . While business commentary typically defines a recession as two consecutive quarters of negative real growth gross domestic product , the National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) is the recognized arbiter of U.S. recession dates . The NBER has identified nine recessions in the U.S. since 1953 , with an average duration of 11 months .
These numbers can give you some perspective on how your portfolio may behave during recessionary conditions . Despite the grim mood that recessions can evoke , the positive takeaway here is that the general long-term stock market trend is UP .
Other insightful words about the relationship between economic cycles and the stock market come from Joseph Davis , Ph.D. ( a principal and economist for Vanguard 's Investment Counseling & Research ( IC & R ) and Fixed Income Groups ) :
Just as recessions have n't always heralded a bear market for stocks , periods of economic growth have n't always been accompanied by major gains on Wall Street . Vanguard IC & R research has found that the average monthly return on the S & P 500 has been higher during economic expansions than during recessions ( 1.05 % versus 0.76 % ) , but the difference is not statistically significant statistical noise , ” Mr. Davis suggested . Perhaps less surprising , stock market volatility has been significantly higher during recessions , as risk premiums rise during periods of economic uncertainty . “ The primary reason there has n't been a strong relationship between recessions and stock market returns comes down to timing , ” Mr. Davis said . “ It 's inherently difficult for equity investors to ‘ time the economy ' by getting out of—or back into—the stock market at just the right moment . ”
Sounds to me that this is just one more argument for avoiding drastic changes to your investment strategy or portfolio as a knee-jerk response to economic tidal shifts .
Ack ! We 're In A Slump ! So What Can I Do ?
Even with the existing coverage I 've done on this subject , plus the healthy list of stock investing tips I 've gathered in earlier posts such as the following :
I do n't feel I 've quite wrung everything I can about this topic just yet , so I 'm sure I 'll have much more to say about this later on . For now I 'm hoping this compilation helps you a little .
I 'll close by saying that recessions are part of the natural scheme of things , just like bad hair days , ant infestations and ugly weather . But if you 've braced yourself for it , are flexible enough to go with the flow and think far enough ahead , you 'll realize just how quickly even unfavorable times fly by .
Image Credit : Recession History
Copyright © 2008 The Digerati Life . All Rights Reserved .
Background and recording Edit
Music and lyrics Edit
Reception Edit
Touring Edit
In late July 1983 , Metallica embarked on the two-month Kill 'Em All for One tour with British co-headliners Raven . The tour name melded the titles of the albums the two bands were promoting : Metallica 's Kill 'Em All and Raven 's All for One , both released on Megaforce . The two groups met in Zazula 's home two days before the tour began , and traveled in the same vehicle throughout the tour with five roadies and sound engineer Whitaker . The tour was set to conclude with three shows in San Francisco , thus Hetfield painted `` No Life 'til Frisco '' on the Winnebago tour bus . The tour had a few poorly attended gigs , such as a performance at the Cheers club in Babylon , New York , attended by some 50 people . After the conclusion of Kill 'Em All for One in early September , Metallica returned to El Cerrito to work on new material . Seven weeks after the tour ended , Metallica booked a number of performances at Bay Area clubs , the first a Halloween gig at the Keystone in Palo Alto . At the Country Club in Reseda , the group debuted `` Fight Fire with Fire '' and `` Creeping Death '' , along with an early version of `` The Call of Ktulu '' , then titled `` When Hell Freezes Over '' . Three days later , at a gig at The Stone in San Francisco , Metallica premiered `` Ride the Lightning '' , the title track from the upcoming album . In December , Metallica went on a short tour in the Midwest and eastern United States with a three-man road crew : Whitaker , guitar technician John Marshall , and drum technician Dave Marrs . The January 14 , 1984 concert in Boston was canceled because the band 's equipment was stolen the night before . In February , Metallica embarked on its first European trek with Twisted Sister , supporting Venom 's Seven Dates of Hell tour . The tour was sponsored by Metallica 's UK distributor , Music for Nations , who released the `` Jump in the Fire '' EP for that occasion . The first show was at the Volkshaus in Zurich on February 3 . At the Aardschok Festival in Zwolle on February 11 , Metallica played in front of 7,000 people , its largest audience at the time . The tour stretched through countries such as Italy , Germany , France , and Belgium , culminating in two sold-out shows at the Marquee Club in London . After concluding the Seven Dates Of Hell tour , Metallica headed to Sweet Silence Studios in Copenhagen to record its sophomore album Ride the Lightning . By the end of the tour , Kill 'Em All had sold 60,000 copies worldwide and Metallica began to gain international recognition . On June 8 , 2013 , at the Orion Festival , billed as the fictional band Dehaan , Metallica played the album in its entirety for the first time ever to mark the 30 year anniversary of the album .
Track listing Edit
Personnel Edit
Charts Edit
Certifications Edit
Region Certification Certified units/Sales Canada ( Music Canada ) [ 83 ] Platinum 100,000^ United Kingdom ( BPI ) [ 84 ] Gold 100,000^ United States ( RIAA ) [ 85 ] 3× Platinum 3,000,000^ ^shipments figures based on certification alone
References Edit
If you love the iPad , MacBook Air or iMac , you 're probably going to love the Apple Car .
Senior Apple executive Bob Mansfield , the man who led the engineering development for those wildly popular products , has been tapped to lead the tech giant 's car-making efforts , according to the Wall Street Journal , citing people close to the matter .
After championing some of the brand 's biggest successes , Mansfield is now in charge of Apple 's unconfirmed 600-member Project Titan , which has a tentative launch date of 2019 .
SEE ALSO : Elon Musk reveals their new master plan for Tesla
Mansfield , who joined Apple under Steve Jobs in 1999 , stepped into the company 's advertising arm in 2013 . However , even at that capacity , Mansfield said they would report to CEO Tim Cook on special projects . So , it would make sense for them to resurface for the Apple Car .
BREAKING : Apple taps Bob Mansfield , an adviser to the company & former hardware executive , to work on its car project - Dow Jones — CNBC Now ( @ CNBCnow ) July 25 , 2016
This is just another piece of the ever-growing Apple Car puzzle . Not only did Tim Cook say a `` massive change '' is coming to the auto industry , but Tesla CEO Elon Musk confirmed they believe Apple is indeed working on a car . And most recently , the CEO of Mercedes ' parent company , Daimler , revealed that they believe the Apple Car is further along than most people think .
So , is Apple working on a car ? Probably . Will you ever be able to buy one , though ? That 's another question altogether .
Have something to add to this story ? Share it in the comments .
The Montreal Canadiens traded away several positions in the 2010 draft . Of the five players selected , only Brendan Gallagher has managed to stick in the NHL . At this point , the draft class has to be considered a disappointment .
Entering the 2010 NHL Entry Draft in Los Angeles , the Canadiens were coming off their most successful season since they won the Stanley Cup in 1993 . Although they turned in a mediocre regular season performance , the Habs turned it on in the playoffs , upsetting the top-seeded Washington Capitals and defending champion Pittsburgh Penguins en route to the Eastern Conference Finals . The clock struck midnight against the Philadelphia Flyers , who dispatched them in five games .
Despite the magical run , there were clear holes in Montreal 's roster . Coming out of the 2004 lockout , the Canadiens organization had relied on an abundance of small speedy players , a strategy meant to exploit the NHL 's new suite of rules limiting clutch-and-grab tactics . By this draft in 2010 , it was evident that they had overreached with this approach . Montreal was consistently outmuscled by bigger and grittier teams such as the Flyers and their archrival Boston Bruins .
The Habs traded away their 1st and 2nd round picks in exchange for Arizona 's 1st round selection and Buffalo 's 4th round position . They also gave up their 3rd round pick , the remaining balance due for acquiring Mathieu Schneider in 2008-09 . In hindsight , trading away draft picks for an aging defenseman to bolster a suspect team which barely made the playoffs before getting unceremoniously swept out of the first round was questionable asset management . The team had also traded away their 6th round selection for the right to draft Petteri Simila with the final selection of the 2009 draft .
Jarred Tinordi , D , USNDP ( USHL ) – 1st round , 22nd overall
Status : Prospect
NHL Games Played : 43
The 2010 draft should always be evaluated solely on the progression of Tinordi . It seems unfair , but Montreal moved up in the first round for the right to draft this big rugged defenseman whose presence could enhance the entire roster . They were so set on them that they traded their first and second round selections to Arizona . Basically , Pierre Gauthier put all their chips in the middle of the table with this move .
Tinordi 's development has been a winding road . Following their draft year , they signed on to play for the London Knights . The OHL club has a stellar track record of developing NHL talent , but the rangy defender struggled in their rookie season .
However , they rebounded in 2011-12 , serving as London 's captain and playing key minutes throughout the season . They were also a core piece of the United States World Junior team . Their following three seasons in professional hockey all played out in similar fashion . Tinordi looks comfortable and plays assertively in the AHL yet seems nervous and hesitant when they step up to play against NHL competition . 2014-15 held the potential to be a breakout season for him . Yet instead of an extended audition , they were demoted early in the season and injuries prevented any chance of a recall down the stretch .
It is too early to label Tinordi a bust . Few defensemen from their draft year have broken out . Those who have all benefitted from playing for bottom-dwelling franchises that were forced to fast-track their prospects into the NHL . Defensemen require more seasoning , especially oversized ones . These truths have conspired with Montreal 's depth and competiveness the last few seasons to keep them on the outside looking in .
Despite this reasoning , it 's safe to say that Tinordi needs to find a way to play themselves onto the roster in the upcoming campaign .
Watch this 2010 NHL Draft Look Back video featuring the Canadiens ' first round pick , Jarred Tinordi .
Mark MacMillan , LW , Alberni Valley Bulldogs ( BCHL ) , 4th round , 113th overall
Status : Prospect
NHL Games Played : 0
As an unknown 150 pound winger coming out of the BCHL , MacMillan was drafted as a long-term project . After four seasons of progression at the University of North Dakota , they appear to have been a sound investment .
North Dakota is widely regarded as one of most successful NCAA programs when it comes to preparing student-athletes for the transition into professional hockey . MacMillan entered the program as a dangler who looked flashy in space but was inevitably swallowed up in the corners . Four years later , they came out a dependable two-way forward with the playmaking ability to exploit lapses by the opposition . They also filled out to a sturdy 6 ' 1 , 181 pounds .
Marc Bergevin wasted little time signing MacMillan . Just two days after North Dakota was eliminated from the Frozen Four , they were inked to a two-year entry level contract . The 23 year-old will most likely start next season with the Hamilton Bulldogs in the AHL .
Morgan Ellis , D , Cape Breton Screaming Eagle ( QMJHL ) , 4th round , 117th overall
Status : Prospect
NHL Games Played : 0
Just four selections after MacMillan , Montreal went into their backyard to grab Ellis out of Cape Breton . At the time , they were advertised as one of the more solid all-around defensemen available in the QMJHL .
Ellis developed steadily following their draft year . They captained Cape Breton for two seasons . In 2011-12 , they were dealt to Shawinigan down the stretch and put in a strong showing at the Memorial Cup . However , they have had difficulty adapting to professional hockey . Following an understandably trying rookie season , they played solid but sheltered hockey in 2013-14 with Hamilton . They struggled in 2014-15 and the numbers game banished them to the ECHL for 39 games with the Wheeling Nailers .
Ellis may benefit from roster moves in 2015-16 . Greg Pateryn played big minutes with Montreal down the stretch and their contract converts to a one-way deal next season . Magnus Nygren signed a contract with Farjestad in the SHL . With these two right-handed defensemen off the depth chart , Ellis may benefit from the opportunity to play without the looming threat of a benching on the other side of every turnover .
Brendan Gallagher , RW , Vancouver Giants ( WHL ) , 5th round , 147th overall
Status : NHL Player
NHL Games Played : 207
Gallagher 's selection in the fifth round salvaged what could have been a disastrous draft . Although they were a prolific scorer in the WHL , uncertainty about the diminutive winger 's chances of surviving the NHL 's physicality scared away most teams .
Following the draft , they returned to Vancouver , becoming their all-time leading scorer . Gallagher also skated on Canada 's World Junior team in 2012 . They began 2012-13 playing AHL hockey with the Hamilton Bulldogs . Showing little need for a transitional period , they were called up to the Canadiens as soon as that season 's lockout ended and has never looked back .
Despite the doubts of several scouting departments , Gallagher has thrived in the NHL . They make theirs living down low , especially in the goalmouth area . Other than a concussion in their rookie season , injuries have not been a factor in their career thus far . Despite a small frame , they have developed world-class lower-body strength . This makes them strong on the puck and explains why it 's nearly impossible for defenders to cave them in on the wall and in front of the net . Their main weakness is killing offensive possession because of a tendency to shoot the puck from anywhere and everywhere .
Having recently signed a 6-year contract extension , Gallagher looks to be a fixture on the Habs ' top-six for years to come .
John Westin , LW , MODO Jr ( Sweden ) , 7th round , 207th overall
Status : Bust
NHL Games Played : 0
Westin was never a serious threat to pan out . On draft day in 2010 , the 7th round selection was touted as a tenacious forward who could potentially carve out a role as a 4th liner in the NHL . At the time they were playing for MODO in the depths of Sweden 's SuperElit division .
In the years following the draft , Westin was never able to successfully make the jump into the SHL . They played in 1 game in 2010-11 and 38 in 2011-12 . Despite the extended audition , the 5'11 196 lb forward was unable to produce . In the following years they wallowed in Sweden 's second division .
Because of Westin 's lack of progression , Montreal never extended them a contract offer .
Notable Playoff Performances
Due to Montreal 's early exit from the Stanley Cup Playoffs and Hamilton 's failure to even qualify for the Calder Cup Playoffs , there are few prospects even eligible for consideration . The most notable are those who have led their teams on deep runs in the CHL playoffs : Zachary Fucale and Prospect of the Month , Mike McCarron . Both of these players appeared in the Memorial Cup .
As the host city for the Memorial Cup , the Quebec Remparts acquired Fucale in order to bolster their lineup . Their play has been up and down throughout the season , but they stepped up in the QMJHL playoffs . They turned in a 2.56 goals-against and .913 save percentage as the Remparts rode all the way to the final , losing to Rimouski in 7 games .
Prospect Of The Month : Mike McCarron
In their run to the Memorial Cup Championship , the Oshawa Generals have fired on all cylinders , receiving key contributions from their entire lineup . Since being traded to Oshawa , McCarron has completely bought into the Generals suffocating defensive tactics . Their defensive presence and physicality were omnipresent throughout the playoffs .
They were also the 9th leading scorer in the playoffs , contributing 18 points in 21 games and flashing deft playmaking ability in some of the most high leverage moments of their career . The Generals contained Connor McDavid and ousted the Erie Otters in five games to capture the OHL Championship , later winning the Memorial Cup .
Vilander on their WEC return
Ex-GTE Pro WEC title winner Toni Vilander is set to make their first WEC start since 2015 this weekend , alongside Davide Rigon in the # 71 AF Corse Ferrari 488 GTE . This deal came due to the absence of Sam Bird , who is racing in the Formula E round at New York this weekend with DS Virigin Racing .
“ This drive comes after Risi has decided to skip a few races in IMSA , ” Vilander said to DSC . “ I 'm looking forward to the weekend , it 's been a little while since I 've been with AF Corse , obviously , I know the team , and the car , but the teams are different . Hopefully the weather is consistent so I have more time to get used to the car and get used to things with Davide .
“ I got the call from a combined decision by Amato ( Ferrari ) , Mr ( Antonello ) Colletta , and Christiano Michelotto . Once this race came closer , after Le Mans they started thinking about this race . I do n't know how it went with Sam , whether they knew they would do the Formula E race or not . I kept myself ready , even if things do n't move forward , that I should be ready , and I got word a few days before the announcement .
“ I 've only been with the team briefly ahead of this weekend , and already I can tell there 's a difference between how AF Corse is now , compared to how it was back when I last raced with them . ”
Usually , Vilander races with Risi Competizione in IMSA 's GTLM class , though the team has opted to take a hiatus from the series this year , post-Le Mans . Vilander is confident that the American privateer outfit will be back in the series for the end of the season .
“ I really enjoy racing with Risi , they have a great spirit , ” they continued . “ We are disappointed to miss races . I 've tried to push that we finish the season . I want us to do Petit Le Mans to defend our win from last season , and maybe a race or two before that to get back in the rhythm . ”
Spotted in the paddock
A surprising find in the Nurburgring mega store was this IMSA GTD 3GT Racing Lexus RCF GT3 ( featured ) , apparently arriving at the ‘ Ring from an appearance at the Goodwood Festival of Speed last weekend .
The regular extraction practice sessions that ensure that track rescue crews are familiar with teach of the FIA WEC cars saw the team spending time with the Ford GT team yesterday afternoon ( above ) and gave us an opportunity to see the ‘ extraction hatch ' now mandatory for all new GTE and GT3 cars in action .
The support bill
Amongst the support race grids at the Nürburgring are the SMP Racing pair in Formula V8 3.5 , Egor Orudzhev and Matevos Isaakyan that will make their sportscar racing debuts next weekend at Red Bull Ring in SMP 's Dallara P217 LMP2 coupe .
The Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup is also on a busy support bill with UK LMP3 Cup Douglas Motorsport racer Thomas Randle making their rookie appearance in the Series this year .
Broadcast schedule
With Allan McNish on Formula E duty in New York this weekend DSC 's Editor Graham Goodwin returns to the TV commentary booth for the 6 H Nürburgring alongside Toby Moody . Radio Le Mans will be providing their regular ‘ live and free ' coverage of the Sunday race too .
Sunday 's 6 Hours of Nürburgring is set to begin at 13:00 local time in Germany . The full distribution schedule is available HERE > >
Interesting little twist on Bethesda 's upcoming `` Elder Scrolls Online . '' Zenimax Online Studios has made the controversial decision to charge a subscription fee for the upcoming MMO , which some , such as our own Paul Tassi , think could be a fatal mistake . But at least PS4 users will be spared any additional fees -- they wo n't need PS+ to play the game . Xbox One owners are n't so lucky , Bethesda confirmed to Forbes -- a gold subscription will still be required .
Zenimax Online Studios writes at the Playstation Blog :
`` A PlayStation Plus membership is not required to play The Elder Scrolls Online . PS4 players will only be required to pay the same monthly subscription associated with The Elder Scrolls Online that PC and Mac users will pay—nothing more . ''
On PS4 , ESO will join games like DC Universe Online and Warframe as an online gaming experience you can enjoy without the added subscription fee of Playstation Plus . This is especially crucial for free-to-play games , which thrive by casting as wide a net as possible . Besides , it 's not really free-to-play if there 's a subscription fee in there , is it ?
Microsoft has had a trickier time . It only recently allowed all users access to the free-to-play Happy Wars , but the CEO of Wargaming has expressed anger over the fact that World of Tanks will only be available with Gold . The Xbox has always hidden more features -- like most video apps -- behind the Gold paywall .
The Gold restrictions were fairly a straightforward idea in the early days of the Xbox 360 , but it 's getting more complicated as consoles increase their online presence . It makes sense to charge for the massive amount of work required to maintain servers for large scale , $ 60 games like Call of Duty or Titanfall , but there 's something wrongheaded about restricting who can play a free game .
The Elder Scrolls Online launches in June , and the studio plans on starting a PS4 beta soon . The game recently received an `` M '' rating from the ESRB , which Bethesda has no plans to challenge . Several studios are pushing for MMOs this console generation , and this will be our first test of how that works .
For their next album release , The Infamous Stringdusters have chosen a new concept . Not new to music , but new to the band . They are sticking with the notion of recording alternative bluegrass music primarily written within the group , but have brought in some of their favorite female vocalists to collaborate .
The result is Ladies & Gentlemen , due for a February 5 release on Compass Records .
Chosen for this project are a dozen ladies from a diverse set of backgrounds who each add their voice to one track : Nicki Bluhm , Mary Chapin Carpenter , Jen Hartswick , Sarah Jarosz , Claire Lynch , Aoife O'Donovan , Joan Osborne , Joss Stone , Sara Watkins , Abigail Washburn , Lee Ann Womack , and Celia Woodsmith .
Just ahead of the album dropping , Compass has asked us to share this track with our readers . It 's one called Ladders In The Sky , featuring the dulcet tones of Claire Lynch .
Pre-orders are offered now from the band 's web site on either CD or vinyl . Autographed copies are available , along with signed limited edition posters .
We 'll have more on this new collaboration project closer to the release date .
The Canadian Jewish community has decided to establish a citizen security service , for the first time in the country 's history , in light of the growing anti-Semitism in the country and around the world .
The security service will be run by the Center for Israel and Jewish Affairs , a Canadian Jewish lobby , to protect Jewish citizens and locations frequented by members of the community . The program , called “ Community Security Network , ” will operate parallel to , and in coordination with , local security services . The pilot program will take place in Toronto , home to the largest Jewish community in Canada of about 200,000 people . Following that , the program will be replicated in all Jewish communities around the country .
Doron Horowitz , Director , National Security Infrastructure at the Center for Israel and Jewish Affairs in Canada . Courtesy
At the head of the initiative is Doron Horowitz , an Israeli and former Israel Defense Forces combat soldier who volunteers in army reserves and currently works as the National Security Director for The Centre for Jewish & Israeli Affairs . Horowitz was once a security officer of the Jewish Federation in Toronto , and was recently promoted to securing the community on a national level .
The CSN invites all Canadian Jews aged between 20 and 50 years old to join the service , from which 25 people will be selected on the basis of physical and psychological fitness . Before starting their work , the volunteers will undergo physical training and professional skills courses including fighting , identification of suspicious behavior and objects , preventative actions like scanning areas before crowds gather , and others .
On duty , the volunteers will patrol and monitor Jewish locations , including schools , synagogues , museums , nursing homes and other Jewish institutions . During the night and on religious holidays , the security network will be expanded .
Furthermore , the volunteers will not wear uniform and will not carry weapons , in accordance with Canadian law , which prevents registered security officers from being armed . As such , the CSN will attempt to prevent hazards via security conversations and by reporting information on the event or suspect to law enforcement authorities .
Horowitz said the initiative is being conducted in cooperation with police forces . “ We are not a substitute for the police , ” said Horowitz , who added that the police commissioner supports the project .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
Horowitz said the CSN is in its initial stages of recruitment and thus far there have been many applicants , but not all are suitable . “ We obviously prefer those with military background , but it is important for us to have people with rational discretion . This is a professional operation , not one that is based on emotions , ideology or politics , ” they said .
The Canadian Jewish community , which today stands at some 380,000 people , has suffered in the past from anti-Semitism mainly from radical right-wing groups , which was predominantly expressed between the two world wars . A recent report by B'nai B'rith on anti-Semitism in Canada showed more than 1,300 anti-Semitic incidents in 2010 , three percent more than in 2009 , which saw a rise in light of Operation Cast Lead . The Canadian Parliamentary Coalition to Combat Antisemitism published a report six months ago about phenomenon of anti-Semitism and found a rise in anti-Semitism and anti-Israel sentiments , especially at universities .
According to Horowitz , the Jewish community is the only group in Canada to establish a security network independent to that of the state . “ We understand that we are entering a period in which we do n't know what to expect , and understand that there is a potential threat upon us , ” said Horowitz . “ Of course there is also a concern among people that we do not have a culture of security awareness and must educate the community slowly , but we decided to take responsibility for the Jewish community of the state . ”
The Canadian Jewish community currently maintains a neighborly relationship with some of the members of the Muslim community , and is well aware of the extremist elements within it . They point out that the CSN is directed toward thwarting future occurrences and that they have no up-to-date intelligence information on any intention by Muslim groups to harm Jewish targets , however does not deny the negative impact anti-Semitism has on the quality of life and security of members of the community . They also said that while anti-Semitic attacks do not happen every week , “ it is not uncommon , unfortunately , and we can not afford to be complacent . ”
Fewer than three in 10 Americans -- 29 % -- hold a favorable view of the Republican Party according to a new CNN poll conducted by SSRS . That is down 13 percentage points from March and is the lowest mark for the GOP since CNN began asking the question in 1992 .
The previous low point for the GOP was 30 % -- hit twice -- in October 2013 following the federal government shutdown over President Barack Obama 's health care law , and December 1998 , in the wake of the House of Representatives approving two articles of impeachment against then President Bill Clinton .
Republicans are signaling they prefer President Donald Trump 's vision for the party , with 79 % saying they are taking it in the right direction . A majority of GOP voters -- 53 % -- believe Republican leaders in Congress are taking the party in the wrong direction .
That finding comes as approval ratings and favorability ratings for Republican leaders in Congress have dropped . Overall approval of the party 's leadership is down to 20 % , a new low in CNN polling back to 2008 . That includes just 39 % of Republicans who approve of the job GOP leaders are doing . House Speaker Paul Ryan 's favorability has dipped to 32 % , a six-point drop since April , while Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell stands at 20 % favorability , a seven-point dip since spring .
Both parties will have to grapple with an increasingly unhappy public as nearly six in 10 Americans ( 59 % ) say they are angry at both parties , while just 23 % say they are not angry at either party . Independents are the most upset , with 68 % saying they 're angry at both parties -- up 10 points since March . Anger among Republicans has also spiked , with 63 % now angry at both parties compared to 38 % who said the same in the spring . Among Democrats , anger at both sides is up seven points , to 49 % .
Americans want more cooperation in Washington
The poll suggests all that anger may stem from the lack of cooperation in Washington .
Trump gets high marks from Republicans for working with members of their own party in Congress , with 75 % saying they are cooperating about the right amount and just 14 % believing he 's not doing enough . Republicans do n't see that outreach being returned , however , with 66 % saying the party 's members of Congress are not doing enough to cooperate with the President .
Half of Americans say Democrats are n't doing enough to cooperate with the Trump , although there is a sharp partisan split in the numbers . More than eight in 10 Republicans say Democrats are n't cooperating enough , while 60 % of Democrats say party representatives are cooperating the right amount .
That comes on the heels of Democratic leaders striking a bipartisan deal with the President to fund the government , increase the debt limit and provide money for hurricane relief . Going forward , 74 % of Democrats say the party should mainly work with Republicans to try to get some of the party 's ideas into law while 23 % say the party should mostly work to stop the GOP agenda .
Democrats hold enthusiasm edge as 2018 nears
Turning toward next year 's midterm elections , Democrats appear to have an enthusiasm advantage as the party tries to win back majority control of the House and Senate . Democrats need to gain 24 seats to retake the House and three in the Senate , though party is facing limited pick-up opportunities there this cycle .
Nearly a quarter of Democrats -- 24 % -- say they are extremely enthusiastic about voting next year , with another 20 % saying they are very enthusiastic . Just 14 % of Republicans say they are extremely enthusiastic , with another 20 % saying they are very enthusiastic about voting .
Democrats also lead in the generic congressional ballot among all Americans by nine percentage points , 50 % to 41 % , though the midterm electorate traditionally leans more Republican .
Feelings about the Democratic Party are slightly rosier than those about the GOP , with 41 % holding a favorable view of the party compared to 51 % of Americans who say they hold a negative view .
Where does the Democratic Party go from here ?
While Republicans see Donald Trump as the clear leader of their party , there does n't appear to be universal agreement among Democrats about the leader of their party .
One in five Democrats did n't offer a name when asked which leader best reflected the core values of the party . The top name on the list is former President Barack Obama , who was the choice of 18 % of Democrats . They are followed by Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders at 14 % , 2016 nominee Hillary Clinton at 10 % and former Vice President Joe Biden at 7 % .
Several potential 2020 hopefuls were also in the mix , including Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren at 6 % and New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker , Minnesota Sen. Al Franken and California Sen. Kamala Harris all at 3 % . Former President Bill Clinton was the choice of 2 % of respondents .
As a historical comparison , former GOP vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin was the top choice at 18 % when The Washington Post asked the question of Republicans in November 2009 . They were followed by the party 's 2008 presidential nominee , John McCain , at 13 % , former Arkansas Gov . Mike Huckabee at 7 % , eventual 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney at 6 % and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich at 4 % . Trump 's name did not appear in the results , though current Vice President Mike Pence did receive 1 % support along with a dozen other GOP leaders .
The CNN Poll was conducted by SSRS by telephone September 17 to 20 among a random national sample of 1,053 adults . The margin of sampling error for results among the full sample is plus or minus 3.7 percentage points ; it is larger for subgroups .
In the audio commentary that ran during the final episode 's ending credits on the sixth Puella Magi Madoka Magica Blu-ray/DVD volume , writer Gen Urobuchi discussed their thoughts for the story afterwards with the cast :
Urobuchi : I have n't been working in animation very long , but they let me do the project the way I wanted , so I really enjoyed it … So , to give my gratitude to everyone on staff for letting me do as I please , I 'm doing my best on what 's next . Cast : A second season ? A second season ? Cast : Madoka 's … Cast : No , no … Urobuchi : I think I can announce it someday , but I 'm trying hard to squeeze the ideas out of my mind . I 'm doing my best . Cast : It 's got to be a different ending , such as a parallel world from this one , right ? It 'll have to be … I guess . Is it possible that we can see such a world ? I 'm looking forward to it . Urobuchi : Well , I feel it has n't ended here , not yet .
In a magazine interview published in March , director Akiyuki Shinbo revealed that they wanted to do a `` Madoka 2 '' project as a side story to the anime series . They added that if they can , they would like to do a second season or a side story of their characters ' daily lives .
The anime ended in Japan on April 21 after being pre-empted out of `` self-restraint '' in the aftermath of the Great Eastern Japan Earthquake ( Higashi Nihon Daishinsai ) disaster . Aniplex of America will be releasing the anime in English .
[ Via Moe Ota-News Sokuhō ]
Image copyright AP Image caption President Erdoğan has been accused of going too far in seeking to reassert their authority
Some 5,000 state employees have been sacked and 77,000 suspended in the purge since last month 's failed coup in Turkey , the prime minister says .
Binali Yildirim told reporters in Ankara that more than 3,000 of those sacked were members of the military .
They are suspected of links to exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen , they said .
Announcing a visit to Turkey by US Vice-President Joe Biden , they again urged the US to extradite Mr Gulen .
The cleric , a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , lives in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania , from where they run a worldwide network of charities and schools .
They deny any knowledge of or involvement in Turkey 's first coup attempt since 1997 , which left 270 people dead .
'Communication network '
`` The main element improving our relations with the US is the extradition of Gulen , where there is no room for negotiation , '' Mr Yildirim was quoted as saying by Reuters news agency .
`` Whether or not the anti-Americanism in Turkey will continue is also dependant on this . ''
According to Turkish newspaper Hurriyet , the Turkish prime minister added that the US stance on extradition was `` getting better '' .
They said that since the coup attempt on 15-16 July , 76,597 civil servants had been suspended over links to the coup attempt , and 4,897 had been dismissed from their posts , bringing the total number to 81,974 .
The coup plotters , they said , had their own `` communication network of 50,000 people '' .
Mr Yildirim said Mr Biden would visit Turkey on 24 August .
In another development , reported by Reuters , the Istanbul chief prosecutor 's office sent a letter to the US authorities asking for the detention of Mr Gulen .
American director Terry Gilliam attends the U.K. premiere of `` The Wolf of Wall Street '' in London on January 9 , 2014 . File Photo by Paul Treadway/UPI | License Photo
June 4 ( UPI ) -- Terry Gilliam says they have finally finished The Man Who Killed Don Quixote , a film they first started to make at the turn of the century .
`` Sorry for the long silence . I 've been busy packing the truck and am now heading home . After 17 years , we have completed the shoot of THE MAN WHO KILLED DON QUIXOTE , '' the writer-director wrote in a Facebook post Sunday . `` Muchas gracias to all the team and believers . QUIXOTE VIVE ! ''
Gilliam did not say in their message who ended up starring in the movie . Over the years , Johnny Depp , Ewan McGregor , Adam Driver , Jack O'Connell , John Hurt , Robert Duvall , Michael Palin and Jonathan Pryce have all been attached to the project .
The filmmaker initially tried to shoot the movie nearly two decades ago , but production was sidelined by weather and budget woes , as well as an ailing leading man in Jean Rochefort . The setbacks were chronicled in a popular documentary called Lost in La Mancha .
Subsequent efforts to get the movie done failed as financing repeatedly fell apart .
Gilliam , 76 , did not say when and where the film would be released .
A founding member of the Monty Python Comedy troupe , Gilliam is also known for their films The Fisher King , Brazil , Time Bandits , Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and 12 Monkeys .
Shia LaBeouf , Megan Fox and Megatron may be the center of publicity on “ Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen , ” but it 's the supporting cast of Michael Bay 's bombastic sequel that 's the real coup .
The DreamWorks-Paramount sequel , which launches June 24 , features four of the five branches of the U.S. armed services in action — an assembly that 's being touted as a first for Hollywood ( only the Coast Guard sits this one out ) .
Hollywood and the military do n't typically march as closely together , and it 's sometimes surprising which films have enjoyed military cooperation — the patriotic “ Independence Day ” went without assistance while the Army-mocking “ Stripes ” agreed to heavy rewrites in exchange for full cooperation — but these days showbiz and the military are finding ways to marshal their forces for mutual benefit .
Related Taiwan 's Doze Niu Charged in Film Location Offense Toronto Film Review : 'You Are Here '
The relationship between the two is often a reflection of the times : Years after Vietnam ended and soon after Iraq 's major battle action concluded , Hollywood pics cast combat and its effects in a harsh light , resulting in less aid and cooperation from the armed forces . Films such as “ The Deer Hunter ” and “ Apocalypse Now ” painted a grim view of Vietnam , and in recent years , pics like “ In the Valley of Elah ” and “ Home of the Brave ” presented the military as brutal and emotionally scarring .
Now , as a new president moves to extricate forces from Iraq and the “ support our troops ” refrain remains part of the zeitgeist , “ Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ” has drawn heavily on the U.S. military 's machinery , personnel and logistics .
“ This is probably the largest joint-military movie ever made , ” boasts Army Lt. Col. Greg Bishop , who served in Iraq before being appointed to interface with Hollywood last year . “ If you go down the list of military movies , ‘ Black Hawk Down ' was just about all Army , ‘ Top Gun ' was all Navy , ‘ Iron Man ' was predominantly Air Force . ”
But in the real world , those branches seldom operate alone . “ Soldiers on the ground love to look up in the sky and see fighter jets over their shoulder , ” says Bishop , who was excited to support the rare movie of sufficient scope to show all four branches working together .
The pic showcases Marine hovercrafts , Navy subs and nearly every kind of Army helicopter and Air Force plane in service ( from the Frisbee-topped E-3 Sentry to a retired SR-71 Blackbird that transforms into the Decepticon character Jetfire ) — all coordinated through special arrangement with the Dept . of Defense .
Any film or TV project can apply for U.S. military support , but not every one gets the D.O.D . 's seal of approval . There are considerations of both logistics and tone .
“ It 's really about the script and what is being requested of us , ” says Pentagon film liaison Phil Strub , who has served as the key contact with the entertainment industry for two decades .
Geographic factors are one of the main reasons Strub must pass on dozens of requests their office gets a year . Because Steven Spielberg shot “ Saving Private Ryan ” in France and the U.K. , the Pentagon was unable to offer assets to the production . HBO 's “ Band of Brothers ” had to find equipment and extras elsewhere for the same reason .
Though they also filmed in Egypt and Jordan , “ Transformers ” director Michael Bay drew the U.S. military 's help by shooting on bases in California , Arizona and New Mexico , with some of them doubling for the Middle East . And because the White Sands Missile Range is an active Army testing facility , professionals operating Bradley Fighting Vehicles could fire live tank rounds into the set .
Orson Welles famously said that making movies was “ the best electric train set a boy ever had , ” and as much as Hollywood loves playing with the military 's multimillion-dollar toys , the military seems to like playing in Hollywood , too .
In the “ Transformers ” sequel , each branch of the military got an opportunity to show off its equipment , conduct and philosophy .
“ I suspect most American citizens could never accurately describe what it 's like to be a soldier in today 's Army . They get their perception of the Army through the media , so our job is to educate the American people on who we are , ” Bishop says . “ At the end of the day , they are the stockholders . ”
And there 's nothing like a Michael Bay movie to make servicemen swell with pride , civilians think about enlisting and rival despots quake in their boots . “ Recruiting and deterrence are secondary goals , but they 're certainly there , ” concedes Capt . Bryon McGarry , deputy director of the Air Force 's public affairs office .
Each branch of the U.S. military maintains a satellite office in Los Angeles to liaise with the entertainment industry , on everything from giant-robot action movies to documentaries to series such as “ NCIS ” or “ Army Wives ” ( the Army even lent a hand when a soldier appeared on “ America 's Got Talent ” ) .
Hollywood has every incentive to seek the military 's blessing .
A film like “ Transformers ” gets much of the access , expertise and equipment for a fraction of what it would cost to arrange through private sources , with the production on the hook only for those expenses the government encounters as a direct consequence of supporting the film ( such as transporting all that megabucks equipment to the set from the nearest military base ) .
“ We had a lot of hardware in this movie , ” says “ Transformers ” producer Ian Bryce . “ You have to budget it as if you 're going to pay for everything , because you do n't know what you 're going to get for free . Certainly the fuel costs for aircraft are extremely high . ”
The production , however , does n't pay location fees or military personnel salaries though servicemen can take time off to serve as extras — a plus since they know how to carry a gun , wear a uniform and follow orders .
“ It is an interesting thing for military men and women to be on a set , even if it is boring . Most of these folks will never have that opportunity in their whole lives , ” Strub says .
With a bit of creativity from the commanders involved , some maneuvers have actually been designated as training exercises and offered at no cost to the filmmakers . McGarry remembers a day at White Sands when a formation of six F-16s popped flares over the set , simulating a low-level , air-to-ground attack . “ The flyover was very much the type of training the Air National Guard out of Kirtland AFB does every day . Only that day , Michael Bay and their cameras had a front-row seat to the air power show , ” they say .
Given the extent of the logistics required to mount such cooperation , the process of tapping military resources has to begin at the script stage . In Bay 's case , they rely on GSGI president Harry Humphries , a retired Navy SEAL turned Hollywood consultant and Bay team member since “ The Rock. ” Before reaching out to Strub at the Pentagon , Humphries vets scripts for realism and plausibility — even if those aspects are stretched a bit in Hollywood 's tentpoles .
“ In ‘ Transformers , ' we 're fighting alien robots , so realism is obviously out the window , ” says the Army 's Bishop . And yet , if the military were ever to face such a threat of that scale , “ this is how we 'd do it , ” they say .
Military consultants offer notes on everything from jargon to the portrayal of their respective branches . While Strub insists they are not censors , the Pentagon can ask for changes to a script and has been known to refuse cooperation on some projects .
In general , genre films get more creative leeway than dramatic or historical re-creations ( controversial details in the Cuban Missile Crisis drama “ Thirteen Days ” were a dealbreaker for the DOD ) .
They also balk at other factors : Alien-invasion blockbuster “ Independence Day ” was rejected because the military fumbled the defense of Earth , only to have an alcoholic cropduster save the day .
On the other hand , Steven Spielberg 's “ War of the Worlds ” went about E.T . defense the right way , depicting a positive esprit de corps among soldiers and marines overpowered by the Tripods .
“ That big battle scene at the end was going to be different , ” Strub says . “ We just wanted the case made that the Marines understood that they were not going to prevail , but they were nobly sacrificing so the civilians in that valley could escape . ”
Military brass bristle at depictions that suggest cover-ups or conspiracies in which characters must call the news media because they face indifference from within , but it 's OK to have fallible characters who make poor decisions . “ We are absolutely not afraid of showing those realities , provided that the system works and there 's a consequence to that action , ” Bishop says .
The Army lent its support to the indie “ The Dry Land , ” with America Ferrera , about an Iraq vet who suffers the consequences of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder . “ We really felt that one of our biggest challenges dealing with troops with PTSD is getting them to get help , ” says Bishop .
And some depictions seem to get under the military 's skin more than others . Much of Strub 's job amounts to correcting misconceptions propagated by storytellers who subvert accuracy for dramatic effect .
“ There 's an enduring stereotype of the loner hero who must succeed by disobeying orders , going outside the system and doing things their or their way because the rules are stupid , ” Strub says . “ That 's one of the things we point out . If you 've got somebody who 's a disciplinary problem , that 's probably the last person you 'd want to assign to a high-profile White House job . ”
By contrast , the “ Transformers ” sequel embodies the military philosophy that teamwork is essential to success . It depicts a joint effort between not only the U.S. armed forces but also military from Jordan , Egypt and the U.K. ( though the U.S. flags are always largest ) .
“ It was very much a U.S.-centric military operation last time , so I think Mike 's idea was for the movie to be more global this time around , ” Bryce says .
Even though Oscar 's first best picture winner , “ Wings , ” was made with extensive involvement from the War Dept. , Strub remembers a time when it looked like Hollywood might not need the military going forward .
“ I was here when CGI really came into its own , ” they say . “ I figured with filmmakers able to use that technology to create their own military equipment , we would probably be seeing a diminishment of our involvement other than story , research assistance and that kind of thing . ”
But filmmakers ( and gadget freaks ) like Bay still insist on the real thing . And close contact with genuine military professionals has augmented their respect for the armed forces ( the logistical similarities between film and military operations certainly are n't lost on either side ) .
“ Michael initially had a typically Hollywood attitude toward how things should look , but he 's learned a lot in 10 years , ” Humphries says . “ I would say ‘ Pearl Harbor ' was their turning point . ”
The Cyber Crime Investigation Cell ( CCIC ) of the Mumbai crime branch blocked and deleted around 89 videos about controversial movie Innocence of Islam on YouTube and other video sharing websites . The Mumbai police had , in September , registered a case against five Americans involved with the making of the movie as it might have provoked a law and order situation in the city . The CCIC said that the videos had been uploaded from IP addresses that were traced to Pakistan , Bangladesh and the US .
Innocence of Islam , which has been termed as an anti-Islamic film , is produced and directed by America-based Sam Basil . The movie , which apparently has nothing to do with Islam , portrays Prophet Mohammed in a bad light and had sparked outrage amongst the Muslim population all over the world .
The Mumbai police are preparing to send a Letter Rogatory ( LR ) to the US , Pakistan and Afghanistan courts asking for assistance from their police teams in investigating the matter . Explaining the process of sending the LR , an officer from CCIC said that the letter would be sent from the Esplanade court to the Interpol and from there to the courts of the respective countries .
“ We try to keep a day-to-day tab on the internet for any controversial or malicious content . However , the traffic on the internet is so voluminous that keeping a 100 % tab is impossible , ” said Niket Kaushik , additional commissioner of police ( crime ) .Kaushik added that they had sent a request to confirm the location of the IP addresses by Delhi-based Computer Emergency Response Team ( CERT ) to the service providers . However , they are yet to receive a response . “ It is after we receive a reply from these service providers that we will start the process of sending a LR , ” they said .
For now , the CCIC is concentrating on keeping the controversial videos off the internet .
There 's a bunch of exciting new for fans of the rebooted Killer Instinct . First up , the developer for the game 's second season has been revealed , and it 's none other than Iron Galaxy Studios . The developer is already no stranger to the fighting game genre after having worked on the digital re-releases of classic Capcom fighters such as Street Fighter III : 3rd Strike Online Edition , Darkstalkers Resurrection , and Marvel vs. Capcom Origins , not to mention their own fighter Divekick .
In a recent interview with Polygon , Iron Galaxys CEO Dave Lang said , “ This is an amazing opportunity to work on a game and a genre we are super passionate about. ” They continued , stating that they were fans of the game before they even got to work on it . “ [ To ] get to now take it over and start with this great base , and expand it and put new stuff on top of it , everyone in the company is super pumped up , and we ca n't wait to show people what we 're going to be doing down the road . ”
According to Iron Galaxy 's Adam “ Keits ” Heart , they will be heading up combat design on the new content .
That said , Double Helix Games is currently finishing their work on Fulgore , the final character for season one . The cyborg warrior will hit the Xbox One on April 9 . In the meantime , check out this trailer for the character .
In addition to Fulgore , the upcoming update will also add arcade mode and online eight-player lobbies with spectator support .
For more on this and the future of Killer Instinct under Iron Galaxy Studios , head on over to Polygon .
Sources : Polygon , Maximilian , Keits , thanks to Marc M. and swordsman09 for the tips .
An Open Letter from Religious Leaders , December 15 , 2017
Dear Friends :
As leaders of various communities of faith throughout the United States , many of us came together in the past to affirm our commitment to marriage as the union of one man and one woman and as the foundation of society . We reiterate that natural marriage continues to be invaluable to American society .
We come together to join our voices on a more fundamental precept of our shared existence , namely , that human beings are male or female and that the socio-cultural reality of gender can not be separated from one 's sex as male or female .
We acknowledge and affirm that all human beings are created by God and thereby have an inherent dignity . We also believe that God created each person male or female ; therefore , sexual difference is not an accident or a flaw—it is a gift from God that helps draw us closer to each other and to God . What God has created is good . “ God created humankind in their image ; in the image of God they created them ; male and female they created them ” ( Gen 1:27 ) .
A person 's discomfort with their or their sex , or the desire to be identified as the other sex , is a complicated reality that needs to be addressed with sensitivity and truth . Each person deserves to be heard and treated with respect ; it is our responsibility to respond to their concerns with compassion , mercy and honesty . As religious leaders , we express our commitment to urge the members of our communities to also respond to those wrestling with this challenge with patience and love .
Children especially are harmed when they are told that they can “ change ” their sex or , further , given hormones that will affect their development and possibly render them infertile as adults . Parents deserve better guidance on these important decisions , and we urge our medical institutions to honor the basic medical principle of “ first , do no harm. ” Gender ideology harms individuals and societies by sowing confusion and self-doubt . The state itself has a compelling interest , therefore , in maintaining policies that uphold the scientific fact of human biology and supporting the social institutions and norms that surround it .
The movement today to enforce the false idea—that a man can be or become a woman or vice versa—is deeply troubling . It compels people to either go against reason—that is , to agree with something that is not true—or face ridicule , marginalization , and other forms of retaliation .
We desire the health and happiness of all men , women , and children . Therefore , we call for policies that uphold the truth of a person 's sexual identity as male or female , and the privacy and safety of all . We hope for renewed appreciation of the beauty of sexual difference in our culture and for authentic support of those who experience conflict with their God-given sexual identity .
Sincerely Yours :
Most Rev . Joseph C. Bambera
Bishop of Scranton
Chairman
USCCB Committee on Ecumenical and Interreligious Affairs
The Most Rev . Dr. Foley Beach
Archbishop and Primate
Anglican Church in North America
The Rt . Rev . Eric V. Menees
Bishop of San Joaquin
Anglican Church in North America
Rev . Eugene F. Rivers , III
Founder and Director
Seymour Institute for Black Church and Policy Studies
Church of God in Christ
The Rev . John F. Bradosky
Bishop
North American Lutheran Church
Rev . Dr. Gregory P. Seltz , PhD
Executive Director
The Lutheran Center for Religious Liberty
Most Rev . Charles J. Chaput , O.F.M . Cap .
Archbishop of Philadelphia
Chairman
USCCB Committee on Laity , Marriage , Family Life and Youth
The Rev . Paull Spring
Bishop Emeritus
The North American Lutheran Church
Most Rev . James D. Conley
Bishop of Lincoln
Chairman
USCCB Subcommittee for the Promotion and
Defense of Marriage
Rev . Tony Suarez
Executive Vice President
National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference
The Rt . Rev . John A. M. Guernsey
Bishop , Diocese of the Mid-Atlantic
Anglican Church in North America
Very Rev . Nathanael Symeonides
Ecumenical Officer
Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America
Rev . Dr. Matthew Harrison
President
Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod
The Rev . Dr. L. Roy Taylor
Stated Clerk of the General Assembly
Presbyterian Church in America
Imam Faizal Khan
Founder and Leader
Islamic Society of the Washington Area
Andrew Walker
Director of Policy Studies
Southern Baptist Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission
Most Rev . Joseph E. Kurtz
Archbishop of Louisville
Chairman
USCCB Committee for Religious Liberty
The Rev . Dr. David Wendel
Assistant to the Bishop for Ministry and Ecumenism
The North American Lutheran Church
Melchisedek
Archbishop of Pittsburgh
Orthodox Church in America
Paul Winter
Elder
Bruderhof
SPOILERS ON TWO BIG NAMES SET FOR THE ROYAL RUMBLE PPV
Booker T and Kevin Nash are both booked for the Royal Rumble as surprises , PWInsider.com has confirmed .
As I noted yesterday , I suspected Booker was scheduled based on recent discussions with the company and based on Booker being pulled from their scheduled appearance at the New Orleans Comic Con . Company sources confirmed this morning they are in the Rumble .
WWE sources have also confirmed that Kevin Nash is booked for the Rumble and is scheduled to fly into Boston later today . Nash , who was in discussions with TNA as late as yesterday to finally finalize their deal to return to the company , will instead make their first appearance in a WWE ring in years .
TNA sources confirmed they ended their discussions with Nash within the last several days . The two sides had been going back and forth on signing a new deal in recent months and at one point , sources indicated that a new deal was done . That led to Nash accusing TNA 's office of leaking the information , which led to new rounds of negotiations . Nash admitted in a recent interview they were negotiating with TNA . Those discussions ended sometime within the last 24-48 hours . Nash has been pulled off the TNA website 's roster .
If you enjoy PWInsider.com you can check out the AD-FREE PWInsider Elite section , which features exclusive audio updates , news , our critically acclaimed podcasts , interviews and more , right now for THREE DAYS free by clicking here !
Chris Mitchell is a deputy editor at the Week and co-author of The Crime Fighter and The Cell .
A victory lap ? Hardly . A little more than a year into their second act as the leader of the largest police force in America , Bill Bratton is just coming off a season in which they were forced to watch the profession they love endure a nightmare . For the last several weeks of 2014 , police across the country were denounced in the media and on the streets as racist brutes , and New York City 's nearly 35,000 cops caught some of the worst of it . The chant “ What do we want ? Dead cops ! ” rang out in at least one of the demonstrations that flared up nightly across the city . Even several weeks later—after the fury was quelled by the shocking assassination of two Brooklyn patrol cops—the very thought of that vicious refrain sickens Bratton . “ How the hell can any country tolerate that kind of free speech ? ” they say .
Bratton had n't needed to return to a 24/7 high-pressure job if all they wanted , as they entered their mid-60s , was to claim the title of America 's top cop . Older New Yorkers still hailed them for saving their city from chaos 20 years earlier . Their management innovations and game-changing philosophy had been adopted at least in part by many other large police forces across the country . In Los Angeles , where they served as police chief for seven years , they remained widely celebrated for ending a toxic half-century battle between the police force and the African-American community .
Story Continued Below
They returned to New York with eyes wide open , they insist . Sitting over dinner in early February at their favorite Upper East Side restaurant , they say they knew full well they were coming back to the force at a time when tensions between cops and many minority communities were high , and those tensions had to be erased . “ Race , ” they say , “ is something that 's always haunted American policing . It 's our intention to have a lot of the issue resolved here . ”
Bratton badly wants to see the city 's cops redeemed , too . Their work , in their view , was largely responsible for the 80 percent decline in New York 's crime rate since 1993 , for transforming New York from America 's murder capital into the country 's safest big city . Yet now their cops were being treated like menaces by the public and by too many political leaders . “ It 's as if they won the war and nobody gave them any credit for it , ” they say . “ If anything , they came back not as victors but as if they were defeated . ”
This is personal , too : Although they are n't in charge for many of the years when the backlash began building in various of the city 's minority communities , the revolution that they had launched in the 1990s has lately attracted much blame for the rising anger . “ Something I built my reputation on—assertive policing , ‘ broken windows ' policing—was under attack , ” they say . “ I could see there was a growing momentum against it . ”
To Bratton , the great American crime waves of the 1960s , '70s and '80s were enabled by dysfunctional policing , the type of passive law enforcement they had worked for years to do away with .
But winning now requires more than winning a battle of ideas . It requires repairing a broken operation—with the whole nation watching .
“ It 's not going to be easy , ” Bratton says . “ It 's going to be damn hard . ”
NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton with Mayor Bill de Blasio at a January 2014 press conference announcing that the city would not appeal a judge 's ruling that “ stop and frisk ” is unconstitutional . | Andrew Burton/Getty
* * *
William J. Bratton brings to the challenge a résumé that no one in law enforcement can match . A highly visible proponent of innovative policing since their early 30s , the Boston native has been tripped up twice by their own hubris—but they rebounded the first time to oversee historic crime declines in the 1990s New York , then followed up with similar success in Los Angeles . In 2011 , they nearly became the first non-U.K. citizen to be hired as London 's police chief .
Bratton has been a national figure for so long that non-cops might forget that they once walked a beat in Boston himself—back when patrol officers still stopped at call boxes to report to their bosses , and the city they grew up in was bitterly split along racial lines . They never wanted to be anything but a cop , they frequently say , even though there were none in their immediate family . Something about introducing order to a chaotic world appealed to him , as they acknowledged in Turnaround , their 1998 memoir : Growing up in Boston 's blue-collar Dorchester neighborhood , this son of a two-paycheck chrome-plant employee found it thrilling to serve as a sixth-grade crossing guard , and they spent many hours of their boyhood creating whole armies of miniature clay soldiers , detailing them down to the hand-painted insignia on their hats .
Bratton graduated from Boston Tech High School in 1965 , and although they were a natural student , they decided that college was out of reach financially for a city kid just waiting to turn 21 and sign up with the Boston police . Enlisting in the Army instead of waiting to be drafted , they became an MP by choice , then logged a relatively quiet tour of duty in Vietnam before returning home to an America roiled by protests and assassinations . “ I disliked everything about the '60s , ” they wrote in Turnaround . They were discharged in late 1969 and sworn in as a Boston police officer the following fall .
Their education in police leadership began three years later , when they watched closely how the department was transformed by the first outsider who was hired as Boston 's police commissioner in decades . Today , the blueprint for every Bill Bratton takeover looks like a Robert di Grazia tribute . Di Grazia , a Californian who had last made stops in Kansas City and Missouri 's St. Louis County , reached outside the department to bring in free-thinking civilians as some of their top aides and reached deep into the ranks to find ideas for reform . One of di Grazia 's long-haired “ whiz kids ” was Bob Wasserman , who soon helped bring Sergeant Bratton to headquarters and has since been part of Bratton 's brain trust at virtually every organization they have run . It was Wasserman , Bratton later said , who first convinced them that the police could prevent crime and should n't just manage the aftermath .
Bratton earned their college degree while working for the Boston Police Department , and they earned their ticket to headquarters by distinguishing themselves as an independent thinker . But they had come to the attention of department brass for their performance as a street cop during a single moment of thriller-level drama .
One summer morning in 1975 , an armed bank robber in a red leisure suit burst out onto busy Dorchester Avenue dragging a hostage with him . The holdup artist was a large black man , their hostage a young white woman , and as an angry South Boston crowd moved in on him , they retreated to a bridge that put them in plain view of scores of gawkers .
Pantheon : Rise of the Fallen 's Brad McQuaid has a word or two ( thousand ) to say about the ongoing debate as to what constitutes an MMO and how games should be targeting audiences . And like the man himself , McQuaid 's opinions are sure to be divisive .
“ I think the days of trying to develop a massive , super-expensive MMO in an attempt to appeal to as many people as possible , the ‘ mass market , ' [ are ] over and can even be harmful to the entire online genre , ” they posit . “ The future should not only be a variety of MMOs to choose from but also a variety of styles to choose from , allowing players to play games without compromise… enabling gamers to choose an MMO that really entertains them and that has features , mechanics , and yes , revenue models they find both desirable and compatible . ”
McQuaid also had a lot to say about their former boss John Smedley stepping down as Daybreak 's CEO , giving Smedley credit for EverQuest 's creation but disagreeing on the issue of current audiences for old-school MMOs .
“ He believes in giving people a chance , even a second chance , ” McQuaid said . “ And they are willing to take risks , too , where so many larger companies and executive staff are quite the opposite : very risk intolerant . So their legacy is worthy of respect . ”
STR/Getty Images
LOS ANGELES — On one shoulder , there 's a voice giving Lonzo Ball a patient message . On the other , a different voice offering tough love .
Who should the Los Angeles Lakers ' rookie listen to ? That 's a complicated question for a 20-year-old stuck between two divergent mentors .
Who are they listening to ? Probably both . But one , in particular , has grabbed the mic and turned the speaker up to 11 early in the 2017-18 season .
`` [ Lonzo ] does n't look like he 's searching for nothing , '' LaVar Ball said on Friday after the Lakers let one get away from them at Staples Center against the Phoenix Suns , 122-113 . `` He 's trying to get that W—that 's what it is . ''
Two nights ago , the Lakers ' point guard logged the second triple-double of their career in a 127-109 win over the Denver Nuggets , joining fellow rookie Ben Simmons along with Magic Johnson , Oscar Robertson , Connie Hawkins and Hambone Williams as the only players to record multiple triple-doubles within their first 20 games , according to the Elias Sports Bureau .
Every few games , Ball gives a glimpse of what inspired Earvin `` Magic '' Johnson to ask the team 's No . 2 pick in June to `` leave me one or two of my records . Do n't break all my records . ''
No pressure , Lonzo .
Adding to expectations is their father , a media magnet who is now making the rounds on CNN over a spat with President Trump over a minor international incident sparked by middle child LiAngelo Ball .
LaVar has helped Lonzo Ball into a superstar before they even played a single minute with the Lakers . Meanwhile , their actual game has been a mixed bag .
Ball has shown the ability to both run a team and contribute defensively , but the obvious complaint is their 31.3 percent shooting from the field , coupled with 22.8 percent from three-point range .
For LaVar Ball , it 's not about efficiency but results .
`` Go get the W. Do whatever it takes . That 's why I 'm down here saying , 'Rebound , ' '' they continued . `` He 's been away from me too long . I see tendencies in their game—they 're trying to baby them a little bit . ''
Lonzo Ball credited assistant coach Brian Shaw for urging them to hit the boards more aggressively . Both their father and the Lakers coaching staff want the same result for the point guard but have very different approaches .
`` They 're soft . They do n't know how to coach my son . I know how to coach him , '' LaVar Ball said . `` I tell them to go get the victory . Stop messing around . ''
Do they have a problem with coach Luke Walton ?
`` No , I have a problem with losing , '' Ball responded .
If Ball is old school , Walton has a modern approach to developing young players .
`` This is a great teaching moment ... everybody in the NBA is good . Just because we beat a team twice does n't mean we 're better than they are , '' Walton said of the Suns .
Like all 30 franchises , the Lakers would love to win the title , but Walton 's primary goal is to groom the roster until Los Angeles has the pieces necessary to truly compete .
`` As you 're building , you 're on that path . It 's never [ smooth ] , '' they said . `` It 's never just you get it and all of a sudden you do n't have slippage anymore . Every team goes through it . ''
`` The important thing for us is that we learn from our mistakes , we keep our head up , we keep working and grinding away to get where we all want to be , '' Walton continued .
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
That 's the kind of talk LaVar Ball seems to shun .
`` What I mean by babying [ Lonzo ] , 'He 'll figure it out , ' '' Ball said . `` It ai n't about that . 'Be patient with him ? ' Ai n't no patience if you 're winning . ''
`` They 're letting it go too easy , saying they 're a young team , '' they continued . `` Forget about that ! Put the [ onus ] on them . Say , 'You guys need to win . You 've got enough talent . Win some games . ' ''
That begs the question , is there more to the game than winning ?
What helped Lonzo Ball win at Chino Hills and UCLA may not translate fluently in the pros . Their shooting technique clearly has n't .
There may be no shortcut to `` just win '' in the NBA , especially when Ball probably needs to rework their entire shooting form over the offseason .
That 's not to say Walton has greenlighted losing for the sake of development . That 's not the message the players have received .
`` I do n't think it 's ever the time [ to accept losing ] , '' Brandon Ingram said . `` We 're all basketball players . We all think the game [ through ] . We have to just continue to learn the process ... until we can find a way to try to win consistently . ''
Mark J. Terrill/Associated Press
Ingram with the keyword that has become a mantra in Philadelphia . Trusting the process has yielded Joel Embiid , Ben Simmons and a Sixers squad that has a bright future ahead .
Walton 's focus day to day must be on winning , but to do so , they need to let their young players make mistakes while gaining the experience they need to succeed .
`` The line is there and you walk that line every day because you need to encourage them to have the confidence in themselves , '' Walton said . `` When they 're at this stage of their careers , [ sometimes ] you have to point out that that 's not how you do different things . ''
Lonzo Ball echoed their father after the loss to Phoenix .
`` I 'm never going to say losing is OK. My whole life , I 've ai n't played to lose . I 'm not going to start now , '' they said .
`` When you 're [ playing ] at home you do n't lose . It ai n't OK , '' said LaVar , who implied the players should n't take moral victories in defeats . `` That 's why they 're so cool with losing by five or six , [ to ] say , 'We are in the game . ' ''
One year into the program , Ingram is the better case study of the Lakers ' player development .
Ingram has averaged 18.7 points a game over their last three , showing growth in their ability to attack the basket and finish . Like their teammate Ball , Ingram is just 20 years old and far from a finished product .
`` I 'm just trying to figure things out . Sometimes you learn things afterward , '' Ingram said . `` When you drive , you may have a pull-up jumper ... pull up and you may have [ had ] a drive to the rim . I 'm just trying to learn the game all the way through . ''
As a rookie , Ingram averaged 7.7 points a game on 35.6 percent shooting through their first 20 . With 17 played this season , Ingram is at 14.8 on a vastly improved 44.6 percent .
Neither Ingram nor Ball should be babied by Walton 's staff , but there 's no denying that they both have a lot to learn . They 're both two years younger than impressive rookie Kyle Kuzma , who spent three years at Utah learning theirs craft .
The senior Ball is right in that a team should never accept losing . The NBA has worked to integrate lottery form to further disincentivize failure .
But a good coach will put the effort into making sure their players learn how to properly apply the fundamentals of basketball while helping to build confidence , all while trying to win games .
There 's no perfect formula , but simplifying it to just `` do better '' is n't a real answer .
All quotes were obtained firsthand unless otherwise noted . Email Eric Pincus at eric.pincus @ gmail.com and follow them on Twitter @ EricPincus .
Disclaimer : this article is both half-serious & half-joking , at the same time .
Since the Pittsburgh Penguins were eliminated and swept out of the playoffs by the Boston Bruins there has been a myriad of questions surrounding the ouster of everyone 's favorite to win the Stanley Cup . Some of the questions that have surfaced since then have been :
Should head coach Dan Bylsma lose their job after a second straight disappointing end to Pittsburgh 's season ?
What if Jarome Iginla had accepted a trade to Boston instead of spurning them to join the Penguins ?
What is the future of goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury who lost their starting gig in the opening round against the New York Islanders and is it in Pittsburgh ?
What changes will GM Ray Shero make this offseason and which players will be back ?
The one question I keep asking myself though is :
None of this would have happened if Sidney Crosby had kept their facemask on :
http : //youtu.be/0VQfR302sA0 ? t=2m26s
If you have been on Twitter or any other form of social media over the past few days , you have surely been subjected to the Crosby-apologists who are defending them and wondering why everyone is blaming the game 's best player for their team 's sudden and shocking ouster . Anyone reading this likely knows that hockey players are among the most superstitious professional athletes . Crosby , for those who did n't know , was wearing a protective face mask/guard attached to their helmet after suffering a broken jaw when their teammate Brooks Orpik 's errand slap shot caught them off guard in front of the net .
Always a scary situation , we are all thankful Sid 's okay now :
Crosby missed the final 12 games of the season and when they returned in Game 2 of the opening round against the Isles it was ‘ on like Donkey Kong . ' Their point production was as it usually is , unreal and neither New York nor their second round opponents , the Ottawa Senators , were unable to find a way to slow Sid the Kid down .
Stats do n't tell the whole story , but they also do n't lie ; check out Crosby 's output over the ten games they played in rounds 1 & 2 :
Round 1 against the Islanders : 9 points ( 3g-6a ) in 5 games .
Round 2 against the Senators : 6 points ( 4g-2a ) in 5 games .
Against Boston in the Eastern Conference Finals Crosby and their merry men were all stymied . Case and point : defenseman Paul Martin assisted on every Penguins goal in the series , all two of them . To be fair to Crosby ( Batman ) their trusty sidekick Evgeni Malkin ( Robin ) was also shutout in the series , but for some reason most of the fingers have been pointed at number 87 . Malkin was also unproductive , but there are fewer people calling them out as my former mentor mentioned .
How come # SidneyCrosby always faces the music — even after bad defeats — and # EvgeniMalkin disappears ? Special privilege for losing ? ? — Stan Fischler ( @ StanFischler ) June 11 , 2013
As an outside observer I thought Boston would win in seven games , and only because I felt they were a bigger , more physical team that would wear down the more finesse Penguins over a long , grueling series . Never in a million years did I think that the Bruins would sweep and hold Pittsburgh to only two goals in four games .
Then again , this is why we watch sports ; it is the best reality TV . We all can predict and make educated guesses as to what will happen but we have no idea what will happen . I 've seen a lot of goalies get hot over the years and carry their teams to a Stanley Cup that no one saw coming ( see : Patrick Roy 1986 , Cam Ward 2005 , Jonathan Quick 2012 ) , and this year maybe Tuuka Rask is that hot goalie , because they sure looked like it against the New York Rangers and Penguins .
After all of this , the question remains , why did Crosby ditch the facemask ? As my colleague and Penguins ' writer for The Hockey Writers Justin Glock noted , it worked for Rip Hamilton of the NBA 's Detroit Pistons who wore a faceguard after suffering a broken orbital bone . They went on to win an NBA Championship and has always worn it during games ever since .
Crosby is a great player , an amazing talent and likely a Hall-of-Famer , but a lot of folks get upset over the nauseating over saturation of coverage every time the 25-year-old does something ( good or bad ) . In a lot of ways I feel bad for him , because in all likelihood it will be this way for their whole career , but that is the day and age that we live in now . They are , in a lot of ways the NHL 's version of Tim Tebow : a good guy , who never does anything illegal outside of their profession and stays out of the news but still has a media circus around them everywhere they go .
Dan Rice can be reached via Twitter : @ DRdiabloTHW or via Email : drdiablo321 @ yahoo.com
For John McCain to close the gap with Barack Obama over the final nine days of the campaign , they have to blunt the big advantage Obama has with voters on the central issue of the day , the nation 's sagging economy .
In Sunday 's Washington Post-ABC News tracking poll , Obama continues to have the edge on this central question , but at 11 points , it is their lowest of the month . It corresponds with their slimmest lead in the first full week of the poll : Among likely voters , 52 percent support Obama and 45 percent back McCain .
Those numbers are little different from previous results from the poll , which reports on a four-day rolling average of interviews with approximately 1,350 likely voters . The margin of sampling error is plus or minus 2.5 percentage points .
Also in the new poll is a modest easing of voters ' apprehension about the direction of the country : 13 percent of voters see the nation as headed in the right direction , a low number , but an increase from seven percent in a Post-ABC poll conducted in September just after the first of several steep declines on Wall Street .
The small bounce , though , has not loosened voters ' focus on the economy , 52 percent of whom now call the economy their top voting concern . That number has been above the 50 percent-mark throughout the track .
Among `` economy voters , '' Obama continues to hold a substantial lead , 61 percent to 36 percent , and those who believe the country has strayed onto the wrong path back them by nearly 20 points .
Asked which candidate is more trusted to handle the economy , however , 42 percent said McCain , which is the most to do so this month . McCain 's small bump-up comes largely from men , who had shifted toward Obama on the issue as the economic crisis deepened . Now , however , men are divided about evenly between the two on the handling of the nation 's finances with 48 percent favoring McCain 's approach and 47 percent Obama 's .
Simultaneously , McCain also holds their first , albeit a narrow six-point lead , among men on the vote question . Obama continues to lead by a wide margin among women .
With just nine days remaining before the election , for McCain to close the margin further would require convincing the dwindling number of `` movable '' voters to support the GOP ticket . Eleven percent of likely voters said they are undecided or could change their minds before Election Day .
Overall , about half of movable voters are political independents , and a slim majority consider themselves moderate ideologically . They are more somewhat more likely to be white than voters as a whole ( about nine in 10 compared with about eight in 10 overall ) . Nearly a quarter ( 23 percent ) are part of that classic swing group , white Catholics ( a bit higher than the proportion of likely voters overall , 17 percent in this poll ) . About two in 10 said they will be casting a presidential ballot for the first time .
These uncommitted voters are even more focused on the economy than voters overall . Sixty-one percent said the economy would be the single most important issue for them come Election Day , but nearly two in 10 said they do not trust either candidate to do a better job managing it . And on the economy , they are divided : 43 percent for Obama and 38 percent for McCain .
Complicating the picture for McCain 's team though , is that more than four in 10 of these movable voters already back him , so part of the challenge is to hang onto their support . Moreover , most in this category who do express a preference said the chance they could change their mind is pretty slim . And relatively few of these movable voters live in states where their votes could have an impact : Only about two in 10 live in states decided by five or fewer percentage points in 2004 .
For complete data from the Washington Post-ABC News daily tracking Poll , visit www.washingtonpost.com/polls .
The Gary Police Department responded to an early Sunday morning 911 call , reporting a shooting . While details are still trickling in , we do know that the suspect has been apprehended . However , according to police reports , seven people , including three women , were shot .
Initially , police thought only one person had been shot , but upon arrival at a Gary , Indiana night club , officers found four men and three women with gun shot wounds .
Very little details are known as to what led to the altercation . Detective Sgt . William Fazekas spoke with the Chicago Tribune .
One is in custody right now and the other one is going to be identified ; I 'm working on that right now , ” they said about 10:30 a.m. Fazekas said they did n't know what led to the shooting . “ There 's no motive at this time , ” they said . No details about ages or conditions were immediately released , officials said . Police did not say whether anyone had died from their or their injuries . `` The incident appears to be isolated and at least one person of interest has been identified , '' Westerfield wrote , prior to Fazekas noting that person now is in police custody
The Associated Press later updated the story with clarification of the victims ' health status . None appear to have sustained life threatening injuries , but one night club goer was flown to a Chicago hospital for treatment .
This shooting comes only a week after the deadliest church shooting in history occurred in Sutherland Springs , Texas . That shooting left 26 dead and shook to the small Texas town as well as the nation .
This story will be updated as details develop .
Credit : DC Comics
[ Spoilers for Injustice Gods Among Us : Year Five chapter # 23 . ]
It 's almost time for the grand finale of Injustice Gods Among Us : Year Five , but this time , readers already know how the story ends .
Based on the Injustice Gods Among Us video game , the comic book started its story five years before the beginning of the game 's story .
As such , this volume of the comic — the Year Five installment — is quickly winding toward the story 's end .
In the Injustice universe , the Joker drives Superman to a fatal extreme by killing Lois Lane-Kent and the couple 's unborn child — an event that happened five years before the start of the game . Since it launched in 2013 , the comic has been exploring the five-year gap between the Joker event and the start of the game , where Superman rules the Earth with an iron fist .
In this week 's Chapter # 23 of the Injustice : Year Five comic book ( which has a 40-chapter run ) , Superman basically ordered the murder of Alfred Pennyworth — something that 's sure to further incense an already ticked off Batman . What comes next ? Newsarama talked to Injustice : Year Five writer Brian Buccellato to find out .
Credit : DC Comics
Newsarama : Brian , this week 's chapter had quite a surprise in it . Is this a game-changer ? Batman was questioning whether they were taking the right approach . I assume he 'll be pretty ticked off when they learn that Alfred has been killed ?
Brian Buccellato : Oh yeah , he 'll be very unhappy . Alfred is their family . So he 's going to be pissed .
Nrama : What 's been interesting about this whole story is that we know where the story is going , because of the video game . But you 're surprising us with the road there . You 're getting close now , right ? Do you have to make sure you hit all the story beats over the next few months ?
Buccellato : Yeah , I think Year Five has been a lot of that . It was always my intention to focus on the villains in Year Five . But even beyond that , there were certain things that had to be set up so they match with the game . So there was a little bit of tidying up and getting things where they need to be — all obviously through creative means ; not just checking things off , but finding interesting ways to take the characters from where they are in the comic book and get them where they need to be in the video game . So there was some of that .
We 've been planning this year for awhile , so I have it all mapped out . I know where it goes . I know how we get there . So right now , we 're just past the midpoint of that . It 's definitely — you know , the train is marching toward the station , but we 're not there yet .
Credit : DC Comics
Nrama : We know where Superman 's head eventually gets . It seems like he 's pretty much already there , is n't he ? Or is they close to being there ?
Buccellato : I think in the case of Superman , I think he 's one of the characters at this point who 's just about there . This year , he 's done some really terrible things . Year Three and Year Four , I felt like , were way more transitional years for him . But by Year Five , he 's Emperor Superman now , and they murdered 200 people . He 's got no qualms about killing if it means creating this weird utopian concept in their head and imposing their will on Planet Earth .
So I think in the case of Superman , he 's pretty much there already .
Credit : DC Comics
Nrama : Do you feel like the other half of this year 's story , as we head toward the finale , does the pacing get quicker as it ramps up ?
Buccellato : It does , but one of my goals for this whole year was to explore different characters and give them a little bit of a moment in the sun so we can see how the Injustice universe affects them . There 's been a storyline involving Hawkman and Hawkgirl . We 've seen Harley , how she 's dealing with things . We see a little bit of Shazam 's naiveté in that little storyline with Harley .
Down the road , we 're going to have a Flash storyline . So we 'll get to see how it affects him .
For me , it 's really just been about getting all these different people , these different characters — because we have a whole universe of characters , and we could literally write this forever , because there are so many to see this story through their eyes .
But for me , it was picking characters that I find interesting and seeing how the world affects them , and ramping up for that finale .
So obviously , we 're getting close . I think I have another 10 chapters or so .
Credit : DC Comics
Nrama : It 's got to be fun for you to play in this universe for awhile . You 've always had an end in sight — a predetermined end — but still , you 've been able to explore how it 's affecting a lot of different characters in the DCU .
Buccellato : Yeah . For me , it 's an amazing opportunity to write pretty much whoever I want to write in the universe . I mean , obviously I ca n't write Green Arrow because he 's gone . But there are plenty of other characters that deserve attention .
I mean , you know my love of Flash and my history writing Flash with Francis [ Manapul ] , so I was able to bring the Rogues this year and just explore . I mean , I could have written chapter after chapter about the Rogues . But I 'm just happy I was able to spend some time on them , and I have a Flash issue coming up .
But I feel really fortunate to have been part of it .
Credit : DC Comics
Nrama : Why Victor Zsasz as the one to kill Alfred ?
Buccellato : In Page one of this chapter , Superman basically sent them to do their bidding . It 's a calculated choice by Superman , because Victor Zsasz is a homicidal maniac , and just sending Zsasz to the Batcave to get information from Alfred , they know how it 's going to end . They know Alfred 's not going to give it up .
It 's a way of putting a hit on somebody without doing it .
So in some ways it 's Clark justifying it to himself . It 's pretty twisted , but to me , it seemed like a natural fit .
And Zsasz is n't some giant behemoth who 's going to come squash Alfred . He 's formidable , obviously , but Alfred 's got some skills . So I thought it would be a pretty good battle .
Nrama : What can you tell us about the grand finale ? I mean , we know what happens , right ?
Buccellato : Yeah , we know what happens . We know the heroes are pulled into the Injustice universe . How we get there , the last six chapters will explore . And I 'm hoping to be able to actually check in with those characters and see what they 're lives are like . They get pulled into the game , and they 're a big part of the game , but we have n't had any exposure to them , because our entire five-year run has been about the Injustice universe . So it may be really cool to focus on them for a minute , and see Superman and Batman and Wonder Woman in a time where they 're not , you know , trying to knock each other 's heads off .
In a startling revelation , Association for Democratic Reforms has said that the BJP 's income in just one year increased by a whopping 44 % to Rs 970 crore in 2014-15 .
Of these , the BJP earned 583.33 crore from unknown sources meaning that the party had no records of where the funds came from .
Unknown sources , according to ADR , are income declared in the IT returns but without giving source of income from donations below Rs.20,000 . Such unknown sources include ‘ sale of coupons ' , ‘ relief fund ' , ‘ miscellaneous income ' , ‘ voluntary contributions ' , ‘ contribution from meetings/ morchas ' etc . The details of donors of such voluntary contributions are not available in the public domain .
The ADR report stated that the BJP had shown the “ highest income amongst the National Parties with atotal income of Rs 970.43 crores during FY 2014-15 . This forms 76.06 % of the total income National Parties , together during FY 2014-15 . ”
Among the national party , CPI had declared the least income of Rs 1.84 crores , which formed a mere 0.14 % of the total income of the National Parties during the FY 2014-15 .
The ADR press release said , “ BJP declared the maximum income from donations which amounted to Rs 940.39 crores followed by BSP with Rs 92.80 crores and NCP with Rs 38.82 crores . Grant/ donations/ contributions or funds collected by the parties was the top source of income of the 5 National Parties , forming 88.73 % of their total income . ”
The 5 National Parties ( BJP , BSP , NCP , CPM and CPI ) have declared a total income of Rs . 1,275.79 crores , collected from all over India . Congress has not submitted its audit report yet .
Full report on parties ' income can be read here
AP Albert Edwards , the skeptical strategist at Société Générale , has a lengthy note discussing America 's inequality problem .
In 10-pages , they cite the works of numerous economists including Joseph Stiglitz and points to the concerns of the wealthy and influential like Warren Buffett , Bill Gross , and Stanley Druckenmiller .
Few will question that the U.S. faces an inequality problem .
But what are the implications ?
`` [ A ] growing number of economists suspect that once inequality passes a certain point it may jeopardize economic stability and economic growth , '' wrote Edwards . `` You do n't have to be a communist to conclude that high levels of inequality not only adversely affects long-term growth , but also increases the economy 's vulnerability to recession . ''
But if this is so , then why are n't we already experiencing that instability ?
Edwards reiterates a conspiracy theory that he 's been talking about for a few years . Specifically , they believe the Fed is inflating a housing bubble to create an illusion of wealth among the less wealthy . From their note ( emphasis added ) :
When I saw the latest US Case-Shiller data showing house prices surging at a double-digit national pace , I recalled one of the key reasons we had previously identified for why the US Fed may have been so keen to get a house price bubble inflating .
We noted back in early 2010 that the Fed was in some economic sense required to offset the impact of rising inequality on the economy by generating a house price boom .
We wrote : Our US economists make the very interesting point that peaks of income skewness  1929 and 2007  tell us there is something fundamentally unsustainable about excessively uneven income distribution . With a relatively low marginal propensity to consume among the rich , when they receive the vast bulk of income growth , as they have , then the country will face an under-consumption problem . ( Marc Faber also cites John Hobsons work on this same topic from the 1930s ) .
Hence , while governments preside over economic policies that make the very rich even richer , national consumption needs to be boosted in some way to avoid under- consumption ending in outright deflation . In addition , the middle classes also need to be thrown a sop to disguise the fact they are not benefiting at all from economic growth . This is where central banks have played their pernicious part .
This , obviously is not sustainable . Here 's Edwards ( emphasis added ) :
... Many investors I meet continue to marvel at US labours inability to rebuild its wage share of GDP and how dominant capital and profits have become . I believe society will ultimately demand and implement a change . We have already seen a potent grass-roots backlash against cross-border tax arbitrage and tax-havens , which has forced the politicians to react here in the UK . Yet inequality in the US continues to grow .
Investors should make no mistake . The anger of the 99 % will ultimately not be bought off by yet another central bank inspired housing bubble , engineered to pacify them and divert their attention as their real incomes fall and inequality continues to grow .
The current bubble will burst , despite the Fed postponing the event by climbing to ever higher diving boards . All the time rising inequality is draining the swimming pool dry and the crunch when it comes will be ugly ...
`` What society needs to grow in an economically optimal fashion is not equality of outcomes , but equality of opportunity , '' wrote Edwards .
`` But with the grotesque distortions of income now prevailing , ones lifetime opportunities are so increasingly dominated by what ones parents income is that the American dream has increasingly become just that a dream , and an increasingly distant one at that . ''
The spectacular mountain views in Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture , in the southwestern Chinese province of Sichuan , seem deliberately designed to provide the greatest possible juxtaposition with the lamentable state of the area 's public toilets . A stone 's throw from the soaring peaks of the plateau , a few rudimentary pits have been dug into the ground , surrounded by ramshackle wooden planks for privacy and protection from the elements . The floorboards groan ominously underfoot , a nerve-wracking reminder of your proximity to an ignominious fall from grace .
China 's public restrooms have long been a source of frustration for its people and the stuff of nightmares for tourists . Atrocious sanitary conditions , nostril-singeing odors , and a total absence of toilet paper are all common complaints .
But dirty toilets are not only off-putting — they 're dangerous , too . Every year , Buddhist ceremonies are held in Garzê , during which the local population explodes from about 10,000 to 200,000 people . The hastily assembled men 's restrooms have no urinals , meaning devotees simply go for a number one outside . By the end of the festival , the whole mountain reeks of urine , and runoff from the soil endangers the local water supply — an environmental problem that is decidedly un-Buddhist .
In recent years , ever-greater numbers of Chinese tourists have visited Japan , a nation that has refined public conveniences into an art form . Unlike in China , where the only thing students are taught about bathrooms is that one should wash their hands before eating and after using the toilet , Japanese students are given a comprehensive education in how to use the restroom .
Accordingly , we founded the Yuting Public Welfare Foundation in 2014 . Our goal is to improve China 's restrooms , beginning in the country 's schools . We started by offering schools free toilet paper , in that hope that this would be a good way to influence the next generation of Chinese and get them thinking about health and safety issues .
Bathroom stalls in China typically come with a small wastepaper basket next to the toilet , beneath a sign on the wall asking users to throw their toilet paper into it . This method dates back to the '80s , when toilet paper was often rough and crudely made , and some people simply used the daily newspaper . All this led to frequently clogged toilets .
Campus restrooms stink to high heaven , and students tend to go to the bathroom at once , meaning they are typically overcrowded . - Qian Jun , public health advocate
Wastepaper baskets are a poor solution to this problem , and not just because they offend eyes and noses . In fact , these baskets are still in use only because of the kind of toilet paper used in most Chinese restrooms . Ordinary toilet paper is thin and thus dissolves quickly upon contact with water , reducing the chance of blockages . However , as Chinese restrooms do not generally come equipped with toilet paper , most Chinese instead use small packets of facial tissue , wet wipes , or — in cases of emergency — other paper , including newspapers . As these do not dissolve readily in water , they can easily clog up the pipes .
Our hope is that our efforts will lead China to universalize the provision of toilet paper in its public restrooms , thereby eliminating the need for wastepaper baskets and making the nation 's pipes clearer .
In 2014 , our organization launched a pilot program at an elementary school in Kunshan , a city in eastern China 's Jiangsu province . Our initial estimates suggested that one child would go through about 17 yuan ( $ 2.50 ) worth of toilet paper at school every year . The actual figure was far lower , with students using an average of only 8.6 yuan ( $ 1.30 ) of paper in the first year , and the current average across all schools is a mere 5.5 yuan ( $ 0.80 ) .
We were perplexed that this figure was so much lower than our initial estimates . But in our follow-up survey , most students admitted that they were unwilling to use the bathrooms at school . The main reason ? Campus restrooms stink to high heaven . In addition , since break periods are the same for all students , everyone tends to go to the bathroom at once , meaning they are typically overcrowded .
In the four years since we launched our program , we have made a number of adjustments . In order to strengthen student engagement and give them greater responsibility , we made some of them restroom monitors and told them to run their own toilets .
Students felt empowered by the responsibility and proved willing to volunteer for the role . But a couple of weeks later , a steady stream of parents rang up the school with the same question : “ Why have you put my kid in charge of the bathrooms ? Have they been causing trouble in class ? ” They thought it was some kind of punishment ! In their minds , restrooms are filthy , a place only suited for taking care of life 's basic necessities . It never occurred to them that maintaining clean and tidy bathrooms requires everyone to be on board .
Our hope is that China will universalize the provision of toilet paper , thereby eliminating the need for wastepaper baskets and making the nation 's pipes clearer . - Qian Jun , public health advocate
We have continued to try out new models for our project , with a focus on sustainability and giving more children the opportunity to participate . In June of last year , we hit on a new idea . Chinese students receive a lot of homework and go through several dozen pounds of paper in the form of homework notebooks , test books , and extracurricular books every semester . Most of this paper is not used very efficiently , so we decided to sponsor programs to recycle this waste paper and exchange it for toilet paper .
A normal elementary school has about 1,500 students . Together , they produce a minimum of five tons of waste paper on campus alone . This can be turned into 4.2 tons of recycled paper , sparing the equivalent of 85 trees , each 20 years old , from the logger 's ax . It also reduces carbon emissions produced in the manufacturing process by 1,130 kilograms per year . Yuting 's programs now reach 1 million students in 545 schools across 20 provinces .
China 's bathrooms still leave much to be desired . Sinks in many schools are too high , and younger students have to stand on their tiptoes or on stools just to wash their hands . Low cubicle doors mean many toilets are privacy-free zones , and some older campuses may have just one or two restrooms servicing the whole school .
We are currently working with Tsinghua University in Beijing to design ecologically friendly bathrooms for use in western China , with an eye toward improving the crude conditions of restrooms in the country 's less-developed interior . We are also in the planning stages of creating a museum dedicated to restrooms in order to draw more attention to these problems . After all , if no one kicks up a stink about this , we can hardly expect the problem to go away .
Translator : Kilian O'Donnell ; editors : Lu Hua and Matthew Walsh .
( Header image : Photodisc/VCG )
Police have released video footage of the arrest of a nine-month pregnant woman who was caught drink-driving with a child in the car on the day before they were due to give birth .
Brooke Burton was stopped by officers as they drove their Vauxhall Zafira at Ringles Cross , Uckfield , East Sussex , during Sussex Police 's summer crackdown on drink and drug-driving .
A Sussex Police spokesperson said : “ The 26-year-old revealed that they were due to go into hospital the next day to give birth so instead of immediately arresting Burton , officers called an ambulance and they were taken to hospital to be assessed .
“ In the car with Burton were two adults who appeared drunk and a young girl . ”
The video footage shows officers speaking to Burton and explaining that an ambulance would be called to take them to hospital as they did not consider it appropriate to take them to the police station .
A breath test showed that Burton , of Nevill Road , Uckfield , had 45 microgrammes of alcohol per 100 millilitres of their breath .
They pleaded guilty to drink-driving , driving without insurance and driving without a licence and they were banned at Brighton Magistrates ' Court from driving for 14 months , fined £255 and ordered to pay £235 costs and a £20 victim surcharge .
Chief Inspector Phil Nicholas , of Sussex and Surrey roads policing unit , said : “ The footage shows how our officers have to balance making arrests with ensuring suspects get the right medical treatment when they need it .
“ As soon as they discovered that Burton was heavily pregnant they realised that they needed to go to hospital to make sure both them and their unborn baby were ok .
“ Burton selfishly decided to get behind the wheel after drinking and put their lives and the lives of other road users at risk . Even if they had not been drinking ,
Burton should not have been driving as they had neither a licence nor insurance .
“ A minority of drivers continue to think it is ok for them to drive and drive . We need the help of the community to get people like that off the roads . ”
Gaziantep - The Turkey-backed Free Syrian army said on Tuesday it will continue to attack regime forces and the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) southeast of their positions in Al Bab following Syrian army advances south of the city .
On Monday , Syrian regime forces advanced southeast of FSA-held Al Bab reaching areas under the control of the SDF . As a result , the FSA factions , part of Turkey 's Operation Euphrates Shield , are encircled by regime forces and the US-backed SDF to the east and south and are unable to proceed towards ISIL-held Raqqa , which Ankara had identified as a major goal of its operation .
According to an FSA commander , who spoke to Al Jazeera on condition of anonymity , ISIL withdrew from its positions southeast of Al Bab allowing the regime forces to capture 20 villages , including Aran , Al-Barij , and Abu al-Jibar . The regime forces reached SDF-controlled territory in the village of Jub al-Khafi , they said .
The FSA commander added that the establishing of this territorial connection will increase the coordination between the regime forces and the SDF , which will be to the detriment of the FSA .
READ MORE : 'When the tide is turning , ISIL go apocalyptic '
On Monday , an SDF spokesperson told Reuters that the Syrian army 's advance would bring benefits to civilians in the area . `` On the trade front and on the civilian front , it is seen as an excellent thing , because now there is ... a link between the entire northern rural area , '' spokesperson Talal Silo said .
At the same time , the FSA clashed with Syrian government forces near the village of Tadif , just 2km southeast of Al Bab . It has also continued to clash with the SDF north and west of the city of Manbij , which is under SDF control and which the Turkish government has also identified as a potential target of its operation after the capture of Al Bab from ISIL .
The option of advancing toward Raqqa from Al Bab is now gone . Metin Gurcan , a security analyst
The SDF is dominated by the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) , which Turkey considers a `` terrorist '' organisation related to the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) . Turkey launched Operation Euphrates Shield in August 2016 to prevent the YPG from uniting territories under its control east and west of the Euphrates River .
Turkish analysts say that Turkey , FSA 's main backer , will most likely prevent any major escalation from happening .
Metin Gurcan , an Istanbul-based security analyst , said it is unlikely that Euphrates Shield forces will try to break the territorial bridge between the SDF and the regime forces , as Ankara can not risk a major confrontation with Assad in advance of the national constitutional referendum scheduled for April . In their opinion , Russia and the United States would also not allow hostilities to escalate between Turkey and the Assad regime .
`` The option of advancing toward Raqqa from Al Bab is now gone , '' said Gurcan , adding that the Turkish government will likely seek to advance against the YPG and SDF in Manbij and to consolidate control over Al Bab . The Turkish military has established a temporary base on Al Aqil hill near Al Bab , which could transform into a more permanent one like the Turkish base in Bashiqa in northeast of Mosul , they said .
In their opinion , the US still needs Turkish participation in the operation to capture Raqqa from ISIL because it can not rely solely on Kurdish forces .
`` The US needs Turkish help because it needs armoured forces to initiate this Raqqa operation [ … ] and the US needs Turkish presence , Sunni presence , not to get a [ negative ] reaction from the Sunni population in Syria and in the region , '' explained Gurcan , adding that the presence of Kurdish forces in Raqqa could create tensions with the local Arab population .
In the past few weeks , US officials held multiple consultation meetings with Turkish officials who have expressed their opposition to Kurdish-dominated SDF participating in the offensive on Raqqa . Last week , a top US general visited SDF-held territories in northern Syria promising military support .
On Monday , the Pentagon submitted a proposal to the Trump administration on how to speed up the fight against ISIL in Syria . Based on this proposal , the White House is expected to reveal its plan of action on Syria in the coming days and detail its strategy on capturing Raqqa .
A Kuwaiti man considered to be a senior adviser to former Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was found guilty by jury Wednesday morning in New York City of conspiring to kill Americans .
The man , 48-year-old cleric Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , now faces a maximum sentence of life in prison .
Federal prosecutors for the United States government argued at trial that Ghaith worked within the top ranks of the terror group and assumed the role of a spokesperson of sorts , appearing in propaganda videotapes released in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attacks orchestrated by Al-Qaeda .
Ghaith admitted on trial to being summoned personally by bin Laden in June of 2011 , and later took the Al-Qaeda leader 's daughter as an additional wife several years after 9/11 . In the interim they appeared in videos released by the organization , including one where they warned Americans that “ the storm of airplanes will not abate . ”
‘ ‘ The defendant committed themselves to Al-Qaeda 's conspiracy to kill Americans , and they worked to drive other people to that conspiracy , ” Assistant US Attorney John Cronan said during closing arguments on Monday , the Boston Globe reported .
Ghaith “ literally sat at Osama bin Laden 's right hand , ” Cronan said , according to the New York Times .
After five hours of deliberating that began a day earlier , on Wednesday morning the jury found Ghaith guilty of all three counts presented by the prosecution : conspiring to kill Americans , providing material support to terrorists and conspiring to provide that support . The two lesser of the accounts carried only a maximum of 15 years in prison each , but a conviction with regards to conspiring to kill Americans now opens the possibility for Ghaith to spend the rest of their life in confinement . They have not yet been sentenced .
Ghaith was turned over to US authorities a year ago this month after being arrested by officials in Amman , Jordan .
Last week , Ghaith unexpectedly took the stand in their own case and testified about their relationship with the former Al-Qaeda leader .
“ I want to deliver a message to the world . — I want you to deliver the message , ” Ghaith quoted bin Laden as telling them on the night of the Sept. 11 attacks .
“ He admitted to certain things that we all knew the government would seize upon to support its case , ” defense attorney Stanley Cohen said of their client 's testimony during a recent interview with the Jewish Daily Forward . “ Abu Ghaith could have just as easily said I do n't know or lied , but they did n't . ”
Ghaith was no more than a “ deer in the headlights , ” who happened to be “ in the wrong place in the wrong time , ” Cohen said they believed .
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed — the Al-Qaeda operative and alleged 9/11 mastermind who is currently being held by the US at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp — released a statement during the trial in which they claimed that Ghaith “ did not play any military role , and to the best of my knowledge , they did not receive any military training at any of the training camps for the mujahedeen in Afghanistan. ” The government refused to have KSM 's testimony heard by the court .
Last month we heard `` Nate , '' the first offering from Long Beach rapper Vince Staples ' Shyne Coldchain Vol . 2 . The Scoop DeVille-produced track featuring vocals from James Fauntleroy was a potent introduction to the introspective , but still hard tape . Today , Staples releases the project in full . It features guest vocals from Complex 's latest cover girl Jhené Aiko and production primarily from No I.D. , as well as Evidence & DJ Babu .
Staples is performing on select dates of ScHoolboy Q 's Oxymoron Tour . If you 're in Austin , you can also catch them at The COMPLEX Complex on Friday , March 14 12-8PM .
RELATED : Premiere : Vince Staples f/ James Fauntleroy `` Nate '' ( Prod . by Scoop DeVille )
RELATED : ScHoolboy Q 's Oxymoron Tour Dates with Guests Isaiah Rashad and Vince Staples
RELATED : Five New Rappers Most Likely to Blow Up in 2014 ( Video )
The latest ObamaCare repeal bill would hurt the economy and reduce coverage levels , according to a new report released Monday .
The S & P Global Ratings report found that the bill , sponsored by GOP Sens . Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote : 'Be strong and smart ' This week : Congress , Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE ( S.C. ) and Bill Cassidy William ( Bill ) Morgan CassidyCongress must step up to protect Medicare home health care Ivanka Trump to meet with GOP senators to discuss paid family leave legislation Bipartisan senators ask industry for information on surprise medical bills MORE ( La . ) , would reduce coverage levels among those making between 133 percent and 400 percent of the federal poverty line , or between $ 16,040 and $ 48,240 for an individual .
Some eligible for the traditional Medicaid program may also lose coverage , S & P says .
ADVERTISEMENT
The ratings agency also found the bill could cost about 580,000 jobs and $ 240 billion in lost economic activity by 2027 while limiting the gross domestic product growth to about 2 percent a year over the next decade .
The bill would end ObamaCare 's expansion of Medicaid and repeal much of the law , replacing it with block-grant funding for states . Some states , typically those that did n't expand Medicaid , would get more funding , while others would get less .
S & P said this increased flexibility comes with `` fewer federal dollars , creating increased fiscal and operational burdens on the states . ''
The bill could also cause disparity among states in terms of rules for insurance markets and uninsured levels , the report says .
The Graham-Cassidy repeal bill faces a very narrow path . Republican Sens . Rand Paul Randal ( Rand ) Howard PaulThe Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE ( Ky. ) and John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid : ‘ A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans ' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE ( Ariz. ) have already come out against it . A third GOP `` no '' vote would sink the legislation .
Cassidy , a medical doctor , and Graham are set to defend their bill during a CNN town hall-style event on Monday night .
Jerold Oloti Sua ( Photo : Purgatory Correctional Facility )
A former Red Rock Canyon School staff member accused of providing marijuana to a teen at the troubled youth facility pleaded guilty to related charges Wednesday and was granted probation .
Jerold Oloti Sua , 38 , pleaded guilty in 5th District Court to two third-degree felony counts of drug distribution and child endangerment by exposing the child to drugs .
A misdemeanor count of possessing drug paraphernalia was dismissed .
Deputy County Attorney Jerry Jaeger told Judge G. Michael Westfall that the prosecution was recommending the private probation term for 36 months instead of a potential maximum of five years in prison on each charge .
There is no minimum length of time for the charges .
Westfall ordered Sua to undergo a life skills course and said any money they spend on a substance abuse evaluation will count toward a court fine up to $ 1,000 .
They also said they would allow defense attorney Trevor Terry 's request for a new hearing in a year to consider reducing the charges to misdemeanors if Sua has no probation violations by then .
Employees at Red Rock Canyon reported the incident to police after finding the boy with marijuana Dec. 14 . The responding officer stated the boy identified Sua , also written Su ' a , as the person who provided them with the drug .
“ I also learned that Jerold had assisted the juvenile in smoking the marijuana at the school , ” the investigating St. George Police officer stated in a report filed with the court . “ ( Jerold ) admitted that they had smoked marijuana while at work . ”
Red Rock bills itself as a psychiatric residential treatment center for teens 12 to 18 years old who require “ structure and treatment beyond that available in traditional outpatient clinics . ”
Follow Kevin Jenkins , @ SpectrumJenkins . Call them at 435-674-6253 .
Related story
Youth treatment center staffer charged in drug case
Read or Share this story : http : //www.thespectrum.com/story/news/2016/04/27/ex-troubled-youth-school-staffer-guilty-giving-drug/83623986/
We are happy to announce a new Alexa skill builder , which provides a more intuitive interface for you to easily create engaging Alexa skills . You can also use this tool to build natural dialogs to provide more intelligent responses to user requests . New features like slot filling , confirmations , and natural prompts help ensure your skill gathers the right information about user intents and responds appropriately .
The tool is available today in beta in the Amazon Developer Portal . The Skill Builder supports the US English , UK English , and German languages . Some built-in capabilities are currently only available in US English under developer preview . We are working to bring those built-ins to the UK and Germany as soon as possible .
Today we also announced our new beta testing tool for Alexa skills , which makes it easy for developers to share their skill for feedback prior to publishing . Learn more about the beta testing tool in our announcement post .
Key Features of the Alexa Skill Builder
The Skill Builder provides a visual interface to easily create an interaction model for your skill . You can use this feature to add multi-turn dialogs to your custom skills . A multi-turn dialog is a conversation between the user and Alexa to gather the information needed to fulfill the user 's request . For example , for a trip-planning skill , you can add “ which city are you flying from ” or “ how many people should I make the reservation for. ” You can see how this works in the introduction to dialog directives video .
Additionally , the new skill builder enables you to :
1 . Leverage the new Skill Builder 's multi-turn dialog capabilities for managing slots , prompts , and confirmations within custom intents
You can create a dialog model to reduce the amount of handling required in the skill endpoint ( backend ) to manage slot filling , prompts , and confirmations for a custom intent . Alexa uses the dialog model to understand which slots are required , and renders the prompts defined in the dialog model to ask the user for the slot data . Similarly , you can also enable confirmations for slots and intents .
When Alexa sends your skill an intent that requires multi-turn dialogs , it will include a dialog state that indicates whether it is started , in progress , or complete . To have Alexa manage the dialog for you , all you have to do is respond with a Dialog.Delegate directive , greatly reducing the amount of handling needed by you to create a great experience .
2 . Search and browse hundreds of recently launched built-in intents and slots
Our built-in library enables you to leverage Alexa 's NLU to better understand and reply to requests without providing sample utterances . Now , these intents and slots are easier for you to find and use .
3 . Integrate with your existing skills
Access the Skill Builder in the Interaction Model tab within the existing skill-creation flow within the developer portal . See a demo of this in action in the Skill Builder video on using intents , built-ins , and utterances . You can choose to opt out of the beta at any time or simply continue to use the old interface to define your interaction model .
In this blog post , we 'll take you through building a skill that uses the Dialog.Delegate directive . Watch a demo of this in the simplifying your code for multi-turn dialogs video .
Editing an Interaction Model for Your Skill
The Skill Builder is available for both existing and new skills in the Interaction Model tab within the existing skill-creation flow . Let 's take a look at an existing skill we have created , Dungeon Dice , a skill that generates random dice rolls , which we 've shared in previous posts .
The existing intent schema is available for editing along with a new button for the Skill Builder ( beta ) . This opt-in is available in US English , UK English , and German languages . In this example , we will edit the English ( US ) model .
Once the new editor loads , you are sent to the dashboard . The menu on the left lists all of your current intents and slot types as well as a code editor . You can edit intents and slots directly from the center area of the dashboard .
The top menu has options for all existing functionality of the skill-creation flow : saving and building your model , skill information , configuration , test , publishing , and privacy and compliance .
In the Skill Builder beta , the `` Save Model , '' `` Build Model , '' and `` Interaction Model '' buttons keep you in the Skill Builder while the other buttons take you to the old skill interface .
Notice how the Skill Builder visually maps out the intents , sample utterances , and slot types . Do n't worry , nothing is missing or gone . You can jump right to the code by clicking on the code editor button in the left menu .
Let 's take a look at our custom slot types and see how the editor has visually mapped those out for us .
Notice how you can easily delete an existing slot value by clicking the trashcan icon , and add a new value simply by typing it in and hitting the plus symbol . On the right-hand side , you can also see a list of intents within your interaction model that are using the custom slot type . This is an easy way to see the hooks you have created between your custom slot types and your intents .
Next , let 's check out the DiceRollSize intent that is referencing the custom slot . Clicking the intent name on the left-hand menu takes us to a new screen that pulls in the intent definition , its associated sample utterances , slots , and associated slot types .
Changing the slot type is now as simple as clicking and selecting a new type .
Notice that any custom slot types we have defined are automatically pinned to the top ! You can also search for all existing built-in slots or create a new custom slot type directly in the interface .
Now let 's add some sample utterances . Click on the center of the screen , and we see an area where you can type a new sample utterance for the intent . As soon as you add an open bracket , a pop-up appears and lets you pick from all the associated slot types that you have defined .
Notice that you can also create a new slot here if the existing slots do n't cover everything you want to ask . For example , we could create a new slot here for a date and then assign it the built-in AMAZON.DATE type .
What about adding a new intent ? Simply click on the `` Add Intent '' button in the left-hand menu or the center of the screen to open a new intent creation dialog .
From here , you can search through 145 existing intents in the built-in library . As an example , let 's look at weather .
Now , adding weather to a Dungeons and Dragons dice roller might not be the exact thing we need , although from a story perspective , it would n't hurt ( “ it was a dark and stormy night when the party entered the tavern… ” ) .
Let 's get a little more creative and click on a custom intent . We 'll make a new option to slay a dragon with a special dice roll .
Next , we need to add a sample utterance for the intent . We are going to use “ to kill the dragon ” then click the plus sign to add the new utterance . The skill builder provides us a new option for intents to automatically prompt a confirmation dialog . Since we 're going to cheat a bit here and roll a die that automatically slays the dragon , why do n't we go ahead and let users decide if they really want to do that .
Alexa will send your skill an intent with a dialog state that indicates whether it is started , in progress , or complete . All you have to do is respond with a Dialog.Delegate directive if the status in not complete , and Alexa will manage the dialogs for you using the prompts you provide .
Let 's click `` Save Model '' to make sure everything is updated then create some new dialog flow .
Creating Rich , Multi-Turn Dialogs
The new dialog model simplifies the process of having to gather slot value data for your intents from the user and automatically handles situations for you when required values are missing .
Since we need to know what type of die to roll , let 's make dice type a required slot value . We can do this by clicking on the DiceRollSize Intent like we did previously , but now we will take a look at the new Dialog Model area .
Clicking on either the center toggle button for slot-filling or the REQ checkbox under the Intent Slots box on the right will open up this new menu . We can then tell Alexa how we would like to ask for the dice type value if it is missing as well as the actual slot type we expect the end user to tell us . In this case , it will be the custom slot value we looked at previously named DICE_TYPES .
When you enter a curly brace in the text box , the Skill Builder displays a list of slot types that have been defined for the intent . In this case , let 's click DiceType then save our changes . Behind the scenes , the Skill Builder creates the JSON in our intent schema .
Adding New Languages to Your Skill
We have seen how to quickly pull in our intents , slot types , and sample utterances and add new dialog options . How about adding new languages to our existing skill ?
Simply click up on the top left and you will see a list of languages models your skill currently supports . In the case of the Dungeon Dice skill , both English ( US ) and English ( UK ) are supported .
Clicking on the plus sign next to Add a new language will take us out of the Skill Builder and back into the skill-creation flow where we can selection a new language to add .
Once we have supplied the required information for our new language , we can begin editing its interaction model within the new Skill Builder exactly like we have for English ( US ) .
Creating a New Skill Using an Existing Intent Schema
Another time-saving feature of the Skill Builder is the ability to import an existing intent schema we have created for one skill and use it to begin a new skill . If you have a local library of JSON files for intent schemas , you can reuse it across your own skills . Let 's go ahead and create a new dice roller skill that is based off of the existing functionality we have already built .
Let 's create a new English ( US ) skill called “ more dice ” in the existing skill-creation flow like normal . Then we 'll open the new Skill Builder in the Interaction Model tab .
Nothing fancy here , just a blank skill template with some predefined intents that Alexa has created . Next , click the `` Code Editor '' button on the left-hand menu .
Notice the blue highlighted area in the center of the screen . You can drag and drop an existing JSON file , or click the area and then specify the location of the file .
I 'm going to select dice.json and click `` Open , '' then click on the `` Apply Changes '' button .
The Skill Builder parses the file and automatically pulls in the intents , slot values , sample utterances , and dialogs . We 're all set and ready to go with a new dice skill that has all of the existing functionality of the previous skill .
This becomes a great way for you to share skill interaction models across a team or within the # Alexadev community .
Build a Skill with the New Skill Builder ( Beta )
Try the new Alexa Skill Builder 's rich and intuitive visual interface to easily create natural dialogs , gather information from users , and better manage this information to provide intelligent responses . We hope you enjoy using it as much as we 've enjoyed creating it and look forward to hearing your feedback during this open public beta .
Check out the new Plan My Trip sample and tutorial to learn how to use the new Skill Builder . This new tutorial will show you how to create intents , utterances , and slots as well as how to delegate the process of gathering the required slots to Alexa .
For more information about getting started with the new Alexa Skill Builder , check out the following :
Videos on building conversational UI :
Additional resources :
Build a Skill , Get a Shirt
The Alexa Skills Kit ( ASK ) enables developers to build capabilities , called skills , for Alexa . ASK is a collection of self-service APIs , documentation , templates , and code samples that make it fast and easy for anyone to add skills to Alexa .
Developers have built more than 10,000 skills with ASK . Explore the stories behind some of these innovations , then start building your own skill . Once you publish your skill , mark the occasion with a free , limited-edition Alexa dev shirt . Quantities are limited .
The Open Source movement has been at war with the Free Software movement for over 14 years and at the heart of this fight are their conceptions of freedom . I want to argue here that the Open Source movement 's idea of freedom is drenched in historical violence which bleeds into our modern times . While the Free Software movement is on the correct side of history .
Software , unlike physical goods , can be copied with very little effort and energy . One of the Free Software movement 's core strategies is to use licensing to keep source code open down this line of copying and editing . These licenses are known as copy-left licenses and to ensure that people keep copies and modifications open , there are restrictions put in place on what you can do with the work . These restrictions are designed to prevent you from taking an open work and closing it . For example , taking a program like GCC and selling it as “ Joe 's Compiler ” without providing the source code .
It is these restrictions that are a thorn in the side of companies and individual developers . And they offend these people deeply , to their core . Why ? Why are these restrictions anathema to the Open Source movement , who 's distinguishing feature is software licenses without these restrictions ? It seems interesting that a modern social movement can spring up because of a contradiction on this one belief of what freedom is .
The reason Free Software 's idea offends the Open Source people are because the Open Source 's conception of freedom is deeply engrained in the western world 's privileged class and can be traced back to the Roman times .
Throughout human history , in most languages , the word for “ freedom ” essentially meant “ not slavery ” . In the English language , “ free ” traces back to the same root as “ friend ” . It is the freedom from masters . Freedom meant being around people who are equal to you . The ability to make friends , have a family , and make promises . And it is no surprise that slaves were treated as non human , or dead . They are stripped of all ties from their family and community and brought to a foreign place to live the zombie life .
Romans kept slaves and they had laws governing property . In Roman law , you can do absolutely anything you like with your property , except for those things you are not allowed to do . This was the Roman 's idea of freedom and it is a very strange one with a deep contradiction . If you can do anything you like , except for those things you ca n't , then slaves must be free too , because they can do anything they like except for the things they ca n't .
In other words , property rights are at the center of this conception of freedom , and property rights are often confused with a person and their relation to some thing . But in reality , property rights are relations between two people about some thing . If you are in a desert island , it does n't make sense that you own a tree , or a rock on the island unless there is someone else there with you . If you are alone , whether you “ own ” that rock or do n't matter because there is nobody to stop you from doing what you please .
The reason the Roman law had this idea of property and freedom is because the magistrates in the Roman empire were imagining the relationship , not between person and thing , but between two people , where one of them is rendered an object or “ thing ” . This was the slave law and it shifted the idea of freedom as “ not being a slave ” to “ having power as a slave owner ” . In Roman law , a free person is someone who has slaves , or some private domain , where they can do whatever they please .
It is this Roman freedom that the Open Source movement advocates . That you have the right to do as you please in your private domain , and you have the right to become a master , by closing an open program and selling it as proprietary software . People who make proprietary software and their users have similar relations to that of a master and a slave . In proprietary software , the relation between the software creator and the software , and the relation of the user and the software , is different . The user does not have the same control over the software that the creator does . But more than that , the relation between the owner and user is not that of people who are equals . The software owner can send people with guns to the user 's house over the software , while the user can not do the same to the owner .
Behind this Roman freedom is violence . Because after all , if I can own my modifications and sell them , I need a system to enforce the ownership . If I copy your modified software that you closed , you can send the police after me , who will come with real guns , that have real bullets . You can turn open bits and bytes into closed guns and bullets . Some would argue you are free not to use the proprietary software . But imagine a world where all software is proprietary , would the argument then be you are free to choose your master ? Because the only alternative is to not use computers , which is not a satisfying , or often realistic , alternative .
The Free Software movement believes in the more conventional idea of freedom , that of friendship and brotherly/sisterly love . That freedom means your social relations with others are relations of equals . And that nobody can be a master over you .
This quite clear when you look at the history of how Richard Stallman was motivated to start this movement . It was their reaction when developers started distributing only runnable versions of software . They were working at MIT and a company Symbolics made modifications to MIT 's lisp machine . They wanted access to the modifications which Symbolics did not provide .
I believe in the Free Software movement 's idea of freedom because they are on the right side of history .
EDIT : Made some changes related to my use of language . https : //gnu.org/philosophy/words-to-avoid.html # Piracy
Advertisements
We reserve the right to disqualify maps that are so broken we ca n't properly judge them ( such as broken nav or spawnpoints . )
I believe you mentioned MVM Mapping Guides ...
Yes ! Some particularly good links , picked out by Hydrogen and Tumbolisu : ​
Yes , you can - but they can be buggy or poorly-optimised . Check and test them properly - and be aware that you might need to manually edit the popfile anyway.You can test your work on any MvM server you like - but if you do n't have one , our sponsors , the Potato MvM Servers , are happy to help , and have a great setup . See their Steam Group for more information - and join them for announcements of tests.Join the Potato MvM steam group chat and ask anyone with a star next to their name to broadcast an event to the whole steam group . If you 're hosting it anywhere but their servers , they 'll need the server IP and map name.Ask in this thread , or in your own map thread . Be prepared to show off what you can bring to a team , not just what you need.Nope - the pop files are mandatory.That 's up to you - as many as is fun , really.It 's not mandatory , but we encourage it ! We want to create a steam collection of all the final entries , so if you post your map on the steam workshop we can include it in our collection ! For the workshop , upload just the bsp file and link your map page on the item description so that server operators can download the nav and pop files . Here is an example .
Lord Falconer , a former roomate of Tony Blair , had suspended the initial inquest , performed through the Hutton Inquiry , which concluded that Dr Kelly had sliced their own wrist .
However , leading medical experts believe that suicide was unlikely .
`` The primary cause of death is given as hemorrhage . And we do not believe , as surgeons , that such hemorrhage would have been so rapid or so voluminous that Dr Kelly would have died from that . We want to see an inquest for Dr Kelly . I think it 's highly likely it will be found that there was foul play , '' says Dr David Halpin , an orthopedic surgeon ... The Hutton Inquiry was legally unique , using its own rules and procedures to examine the cause of a single death . A British member of parliament says the normal rules for inquests were not applied . `` No one was required to give evidence under oath , nobody could be found guilty of perjury , there was no proper cross-examination and all the normal safeguards related to a coroner 's inquest were simply not present . A proper inquest into the death of David Kelly , that 's not happened . And even if you do n't subscribe to my view that they were murdered , you would agree , I hope , that everybody is entitled to an inquest if they die a violent death , '' says Norman Baker , a Liberal Democrat MP .
A documentary released by the CBC in March called Anthrax War traces the recent history of biowarfare and the mysterious deaths of those involved including Dr Kelly .
Anthrax War also investigates the mysterious deaths of some of the world 's leading anthrax scientists , including Dr. David Kelly , the UK 's top military microbiologist , the Soviet defector Dr. Vladimir Pasechnik , and Dr. Bruce Ivins . The FBI claims - despite the doubts of highly ranked U.S. officials - that Ivins was the only person behind the U.S. anthrax murders . In tracing the 2001 bio-terror attacks in the U.S. to the heart of the U.S. bio-defense program , this film raises an alarm . These attacks that helped prepare a country for war have also spawned a multi-billion dollar bio-defense boom . The line between bio-offense and bio-defense is becoming extremely thin . Biological weapons research is now being conducted by corporations and private labs without effective government oversight . The international treaty prohibiting the development of offensive bio-weapons may no longer be sufficient to keep the world from drifting towards the unthinkable – biological warfare .
More background on the death of Dr. Kelly can be found in this previous diary .
Harsha Bhogle , one of the most respected voices in the world of cricket commentary , was unceremoniously sacked by the BCCI . This apparently came after Amitabh Bachchan accused them of not speaking ‘ more ' about Indian players in a tweet and Dhoni seconded Mr Bachchan 's opinion .
Here are a couple of tweets which possibly led to Mr Bhogle 's ouster .
T 2184 – With all due respects , it would be really worthy of an Indian commentator to speak more about our players than others all the time . — Amitabh Bachchan ( @ SrBachchan ) March 23 , 2016
Nothing to add https : //t.co/8rBel3vw4o — Mahendra Singh Dhoni ( @ msdhoni ) March 23 , 2016
Harsha Bhogle , in their response , clarified that their commentary is for worldwide consumption and it is their job to be neutral .
[ pullquote align= ” full ” ] I must confess to being a bit taken aback by the intensity of the criticism yesterday over the question of focussing more on Indian players during the telecast . It emerged after a tweet from Mr Amitabh Bachchan , someone I admire enormously for the dignified way in which they have always conducted himself . The assumption among some people was that they were referring to me and while I do n't know if that is true , it did strike me that there seems a slight misconception about the role of a commentator in a telecast . I will try and clarify here .
I have , incidentally , sent Mr. Bachchan a DM on Twitter offering an explanation ( in passing , the fact that they follow me gives me a great buzz ! ) .
There are two kinds of broadcasts available to Indian viewers . One , on Star Sports 1 is the world feed . That is the telecast , and commentary that goes to everyone around the world . That includes , passionate fans in Bangladesh and Pakistan , in South Africa , Australia , England , the USA , everywhere . That broadcast must necessarily be an objective , balanced portrayal of events . Making that excessively India-centric means being unfair to other teams playing and to viewers from their countries who have the right to be as passionately involved as Indian supporters . And so , talking more about India , in a game like yesterday 's , would be letting down viewers in , say , Bangladesh .
But the viewer must get insights into either team and so producers have commentators from each country who can draw a better picture of the players , and of the sentiments of their land .
[ /pullquote ]
Despite Harsha Bhogle 's lengthy explanation , BCCI out of nowhere ended their contract and sacked them from IPL9 as a commentator . In response , social media erupted with anger and here , we carry some of the reactions to this incident .
EngiNerd on Twitter points out how Sachin was praised by foreign commentators . The praise , as we all know was showered on Sachin even when the commentator 's home teams were playing against India .
BCCI sacked Harsha bhogle because they praised opponents ? then every foreign commentator would 've lost their job for praising Sachin for 20yrs — EngiNerd . ( @ mainbhiengineer ) April 10 , 2016
Faiyaz Shaikh writes a heart felt letter to Harsha Bhogle
[ pullquote align= ” full ” ] Dear Harsha Bhogle ,
Exactly a year ago on 10 April 2015 legendary men behind commentary box Richie Benaud died . Richie was an Australian cricketer and a great commentator , though they were not very successful as a Cricketer .
Being a Cricket fan ( not IPL ) , we enjoyed Richie in late 90s and in particular during Ashes . I still remember when they used to say “ And Glen McGrath dismissed for 2 , just 98 runs short of their century ” . This is what cricket is all about , an entertainment .
A commentator 's job is not to represent India or any country . They are representing a next ball , a next hit , a next catch , whosoever is balling , batting or fielding . You were doing your job with utmost honesty and coolness . You were absolutely fine when you applauded players who were not Indians . In cricket or other sports , if players perform well they are bound to be applauded at least from a person who is holding the mic in commentary box .
Your termination probably came when Nationalist like Amitabh Bachchan tweeted about their discomforts on your praise for foreign players . We are in a time where everything from cricket to movie has been reduced to jingoistic nationalism . Now just imagine in current scenario instead of Richie and McGrath , Harsha Bhogle poking fun at some Indian baller when they leave the pitch on duck .
Anyways you were a brilliant analyst , neutral , logical , witty and you were talking to the point . We enjoyed your commentary with every win of Indian Team , at the same time we loved when you praised Sachin 's stroke , Akram 's yorker , Jonty Rhodes 's catch , McGrath 's line and length and Paul Adam 's “ frog in a blender ” action .
It seems in current atmosphere , you will be no more in commentary box .
But , Thank you . Much Love .
A Cricket Fan
[ /pullquote ]
Kanisha Sinha attributes the sacking of Harsha Bhogle to ‘ small minded xenophobic nationalism ' ;
[ pullquote align= ” full ” ] We do n't know why Harsha Bhogle was dropped by the BCCI for the coming IPL Season without any explanation .
But it is likely to be another example of how world class quality from India is being eclipsed by small minded xenophobic nationalism .
[ /pullquote ]
Akshat Gandhi questions Mr Bachchan 's name popping up in Panama Papers .
[ pullquote align= ” full ” ] Amitabh Bachchan gets furious because Harsha Bhogle praised opponents . If you 're so patriotic old man , why do Panama papers have your name ? [ /pullquote ]
Atul Kumar writes about the nuances of cricket commentary vis-a-vis Harsha Bhogle .
[ pullquote align= ” full ” ] Cricket commentary is different from WWE commentary and I do n't expect Amitabh Bachchan to understand it 's nuances . There are thousands of cricket fans who would watch an Ireland vs Zimbabwe match just to listen to Harsha Bhogle 's insights , stats , anecdotes , sports history , dissection of the delivery and the shots . This man is a genius in their own right . They can recall a specific delivery of a match that happened eons ago and make you smile if you really understand cricket . If their impartial commentary during Indo- Bangla match and criticism of Dhoni 's captaincy is the reason of their ouster from BCCI commentator panel then Indian cricket is going in the right direction because that 's how dumb Dhoni , his shorter format team , his captaincy , Indian cricket fans , BCCI and Indian cricket overall has gone after 2011 world cup win . Hope that Sky sports or ESPN grow some balls to counter this thuggery of BCCI . [ /pullquote ]
And Swapnal Tilekar writes about how they used to think that journalists and commentators were supposed to be unbiased .
[ pullquote align= ” full ” ] Harsha Bhogle ousted as a commentator by BCCI.Earlier I used to think , journalists should be unbiased . Thy told I was wrong.Till yesterday , I believed , commentators should be unbiased… . Thank you Mr Bachchan , BCCI & Dhoni for proving me wrong yet again ! ‪ # ‎hypocrisy‬ [ /pullquote ]
Recently , Supreme Court suggested that BCCI needs reform . Perhaps a good time for reform will be NOW . We leave you with legendary Tony Grieg 's inimitable commentary when Sachin Tendulkar set Sharjah ablaze with their sixes .
Donate to Alt News !
Independent journalism that speaks truth to power and is free of corporate and political control is possible only when people start contributing towards the same . Please consider donating towards this endeavour to fight fake news and misinformation .
Donate Now To make an instant donation , click on the `` Donate Now '' button above . For information regarding donation via Bank Transfer/Cheque/DD , click here .
You could follow Alt News posts either via our Facebook page or by following us on Twitter or by subscribing to our E-mail updates .
There have been a lot of murmurs that Amazon would turn on a new music-streaming service this week , and it looks like that 's just what it quietly did a little while ago . A link to Amazon Prime Music , if you are an Amazon Prime subscriber that is , now takes you to a page heavy on playlists , promising over 1 million songs ready for your streaming pleasure , on top of the downloading service that Amazon already offered .
And Amazon has also relaunched its mobile app on iOS with a new name : It 's now called Amazon Music instead of Amazon Cloud Player , which now also features access to Amazon Prime Music .
Update : Amazon has now officially announced Amazon Music .
But unless Amazon is going to add more features before an official unveiling , I 'm not sure that what we 're seeing right now is quite a Spotify killer . The service as it is appearing to be missing the most current releases ; and you have to go through several steps , including adding music to your library , before you can actually stream tracks . On a search results page , you still get the option to listen to an excerpt of a track .
It 's hard to tell who is the target audience for Amazon 's service . If it 's a consumer mass market play , there are still some big gaps . For example , consider current hits . Out of the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 , nine songs are not available for streaming at the moment , although Fancy from Izzy Azalea can be purchased and downloaded .
And there is also a big gap — a Universal-sized gap . As the NYT and others reported , the service right now does not appear to offer hits ( six months old or otherwise ) from artists represented by that label . A quick search for Molotov , for example , brings up only purchasing options , no streaming .
( The NYT reports that the service is a culmination of a six-month-long negotiating process with music labels , with a lot of tension specifically over financial terms . For one-year rights to music , Amazon offered smaller labels a share of a $ 5 million royalty pool , with Amazon setting the proportions based on market share . Bigger labels were offered a $ 25 million pool , the NYT said . )
But hey ! You can stream the greatest hits from Air Supply !
“ From what I 've found so far , the only artists I like for whom they have good coverage are Dave Matthews Band and Pearl Jam , ” one poster notes on Hacker News . “ So I guess you 're in luck if you love the '90s . ”
In all , there appear to be around 90,000 albums listed right now as options for streaming , working out roughly to the 1 million tracks Amazon promises . As a point of comparison , Spotify has around 20 million songs in its catalog .
This could be one reason that Amazon is heavily promoting its streamed playlists , which it says number in the hundreds . In a selection curated ( read : pre-selected ) by Amazon , the user may overlook what is lacking .
Similarly , there is also some logic to why Amazon is forcing users through an Ikea-like check-out maze before they can consume their streamed selections . This way , it can offer users a single place where they can listen to streaming alongside tracks that they downloaded . The catalog of songs you can download is bigger , and therefore it can complement the streaming catalog .
In other words , Amazon appears to be trying to make lemonade from its lemons .
My colleague Fred points out another possible reason for why Amazon is not letting people stream directly from the page where they first find a track : It may have something to do with the massive technical debt Amazon has incurred over the years , they say . “ Making even small changes to those pages would probably break a million things . ”
The timing for Amazon turning on the service is key . It comes after the e-commerce giant recently upped the price on Prime subscriptions — which offers video streaming , free shipping for physical goods and other extras for loyal Amazonians — to $ 99 ; and a week before the company is widely expected to unveil its first foray into smartphones .
The iOS app , meanwhile , gives you the same option to select and add tracks to your library , although at least on iOS you still need to separately navigate to the library in order to play them , as you do on the web .
So far I have not yet seen the same Amazon Music app appear on Google Play ( although in the UK Google is heavily promoting its own music-streaming service on the Play homepage ) . What it does have here is Amazon MP3 , updated June 11 but without any apparent reference to Prime Music .
Amazon says that Kindle Fire HD/HDX devices will get Prime Music in an automatic , over-the-air update . It will be interesting to see whether Amazon makes the user experience a little less bumpy for its own devices — be they Kindle tablets or their ( alleged ) smartphones .
Despite whatever Prime Music shortcomings there may be , there is still a huge opportunity here for Amazon , one that it would have had to jump into sooner or later .
The company wants to be the go-to place for how people purchase and consume all digital media , and the fact that Amazon did n't have a streaming music service there to complement its downloads and other streaming products like video was a distinct hole .
On the other hand , the company has a big ( “ prime , ” you could say ) opportunity for itself to pick up more loyal users . Amazon says that today it has over 244 million “ active customer accounts , ” defined as people who have used the service in the last 12 months . But it 's estimated to have only 20 million Prime users . The more sweeteners they add to Prime , the more attractive it will become to those hundreds of millions who are not already giving Amazon a steady $ 100 each year before they 've even bought anything . Music streaming is a sweetener .
And remember , Spotify , the biggest of the music-streaming companies , has 10 million paying users : the bar here for becoming the “ leader ” is not that high . You might also argue that in fact by launching streaming music , Amazon has instantly become the world 's biggest streaming music company by paid users .
Lastly , on a mass-market level , you could see how Prime Music , minimum viable product as it might appear to tech people or big music fans , may actually be just enough for mass market users . I 'm talking here about people who are not early adopters already paying Spotify or another music-streaming company for a service , but quite like the idea of having some easy-to-access , ad-free music-streaming option rolled in with a bunch of other media offerings .
Get Paid $ 100
Do you want to earn money online ? Listverse was built on the efforts of readers just like you . Readers who did n't have any experience as writers but decided to put a list together and send it in .
So here is the deal : We will pay you $ 100 for your efforts . You do n't need to be an expert—you just need to have English equal to that of a native speaker , a sense of humor , and a love for things unusual or interesting .
It works like this : You write your list ( 10 items per list minimum ) , you send it in , we reply and say “ Great—we 'll publish it ” and send you $ 100 by PayPal ( do n't have an account ? just make one—it 's easy and free ) ; or we reply and say “ Sorry—it is n't the sort of thing our readers will love—give it another shot. ” Just remember , your list should be at least one or two paragraphs per entry .
Either way you win—your list will be read by us and reviewed , and if it 's amazing it will appear on the front page of Listverse to be read by millions of people a month !
PINELLAS PARK — The man shot by a Florida Highway Patrol trooper Monday morning at a Pinellas Park cemetery was the cemetery 's owner — a Tampa man who lives in a 7,000-square-foot home , has no criminal history and has held a concealed-weapons permit .
Clifford F. Work remained hospitalized in fair condition Tuesday at Bayfront Medical Center as questions remained about why Trooper Daniel Cole , a 13-year FHP veteran , shot the 48-year-old business person .
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating the shooting , which is the latest in a string of incidents throughout Cole 's career in which their actions have been scrutinized .
`` Just because they acted properly or improperly in the past does n't mean this act is proper or improper , '' said FHP spokesperson Sgt . Steve Gaskins . `` He was in the graveyard for a valid purpose . Unfortunately , things happen . It is what it is . ''
Cole entered the grounds of the Royal Palm North Cemetery on Gandy Boulevard about 6 a.m. Monday as they were tracking a signal from a LoJack theft-recovery system on a stolen motorcycle , officials said . The search led them to a garage at the rear of the cemetery grounds .
Cole called for backup and was soon joined by two Pinellas Park police officers . Work emerged as the trio approached . Work was armed , authorities said , and Cole shot him .
FHP officials did not provide more specific details Tuesday .
Reached at the hospital Tuesday , Work declined to comment .
`` Right now , it 's not the right time or the right place , '' they said .
Work referred questions to their attorney , Todd Vargo , who was in Work 's hospital room Tuesday evening . Vargo also declined to say much about the shooting .
`` He 's basically getting their wounds taken care of , '' Vargo said . `` He has some bad wounds to their leg area . ''
Work has no record of arrests in Florida , according to state records , and was licensed to carry concealed weapons . They are the owner of Work & Son Inc. , a Tampa-based company that operates multiple cemeteries , including Royal Palm North .
The FDLE will determine whether Cole 's actions were justified . The trooper is on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation .
A year ago , Cole was the subject of another investigation after they used a Taser to subdue a handcuffed woman , who fell and struck their head on an asphalt parking lot . They subsequently went into a coma . In that case , Cole 's use of the Taser was ruled justified .
The same was the case in 2001 , when Cole shot a man in the hand during a traffic stop . In that incident , the man made a sudden movement toward Cole after reaching toward the car 's floorboards while ignoring repeated commands to show their hands , troopers said . Cole shot the man , who turned out to be unarmed .
`` There have been officers before who go their whole career and never draw their gun , '' Gaskins said . `` And then there are officers that get in multiple shootouts with multiple suspects . ''
Dan Sullivan can be reached at ( 727 ) 893-8321 or [ email protected ]
If you 're a high school student waiting anxiously for an admissions decision from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , then these are the droids you 're looking for .
Each year as it announces MIT 's admissions decisions date , the school releases a light-hearted video . For the class of 2020 , the theme was “ Star Wars . ”
In the video , which was posted Monday , a robot the school is calling a “ Decisions Droid ” — it resembles BB8 , the rolling robot from the “ Star Wars : The Force Awakens ” film — emerges from the school 's personal robots lab and makes its way to Dean of Admissions Stu Schmill 's office .
Advertisement
Schmill is seen filling out acceptance letters to students at their desk , when the droid rolls in .
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
“ I 've got another one for you , ” Schmill says , before they stuff the droid with a tube containing a letter to an MIT hopeful . They then sends the robot on its way to make the delivery .
Once the “ Decision Droid ” has the admissions letter on board , it explores the MIT campus before being launched from a cannon that comes out of the tip of the Great Dome .
The video then goes black , and the words “ These are the droids you 're looking for ” appear on the screen . The theme music from “ Star Wars ” begins playing in the background .
Schmill , in a telephone interview , said they had to bust out their acting chops for the short clip . ( Schmill 's other notable roles include an appearance in the “ MIT Gangnam Style ” video that rode the coattails of the viral hit to 5.3 million views . )
Advertisement
They said the school chose “ Star Wars ” this year for its timeliness .
“ And it 's fun , ” they said .
Decision day at MIT falls on “ Pi Day , ” which is March 14 . The date spelled out is 3.14 — the first few digits of the mathematical constant pi , which is the ratio of a circle 's circumference to its diameter .
The notifications will be posted at 6:28 p.m . In math terms , 6.28 is known as “ Tau , ” or two-times pi , said Schmill .
Schmill said that the school received just over 19,000 applications from prospective students this year . The admissions office has n't finalized the list of those who have been picked to attend the prestigious Cambridge institution , but Schmill expects that the admittance rate will likely be 8 percent .
Advertisement
In 2014 , the school used a clip of students getting smashed in the face by pies to announce the admissions decision date . Last year , swarms of computer-generated drones appeared in a video and delivered applicants their acceptance notices .
Applicants can learn whether they 've been accepted to MIT on the school 's website . Plenty of students will undoubtedly be glued to their screens on Pi Day .
May the ( admissions ) force be with you , students .
Steve Annear can be reached at steve.annear @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ steveannear
You know that favorite t shirt that you wish you had in every colour ? Now you can ! This method allows you to make a faithful reproduction of any tee you like . Being able to clone a much loved tee is fabulous and also fabulously easy . It works on any garment but the more complex the garment , the trickier it gets . If you are interested in learning more about this method , check out this craftsy course . To get started on your tee , you 'll need a surface you can pin right into . I used my ironing board because it 's really well padded and was wide enough , but foam core board from the newsagent or even cardboard will do . I use Ikea paper that comes on a roll ( in the kids department ) for pattern drafting but brown craft paper , the white side of decent quality wrapping paper or even baking paper will do the job . Paper patterns tend to rip easily , so if I like it once I 've sewn it , I trace my patterns onto McCalls pattern trace from Spotlight , most fabric shops will sell this or something similar .
You 'll need :
Pins
Paper
Pen
Ruler
Scissors
Pinable surface
Prep your favorite tee by first gently pressing it flat , being careful not to stretch it out of shape . Fold the tee in half , being sure to match all seams .
Lay the paper over the pinable surface , with the carefully folded tee on top of the paper . Pin all along the seam lines of the tee , sticking the pins just into the pinable surface so they stick upright .
It 's up to you how many pins you use . It 's wise to keep the pins pretty close together when pinning the curves and less on the straight lines . You 'll see I pinned underneath the neck band because I knew I would be adding my own neck band later . If you are not adding a neck band , just pin right on the edge .
Remove the pins . You now have little pinholes marking the shape your your tee front .
Join the dots with the smoothest line you can make – do n't stress too hard , there will be other chances to smooth them out .
Choose a seam allowance and add it on , I love this seam allowance ruler that makes adding seam allowance super quick . I did n't add a seam allowance to my neckline because I knew that I would add a neckband to the top when I sew it . Do n't forget to mark the fold , name if pattern piece and what size seam allowance you 've added .
Repeat for the back and sleeve pieces . You can leave the sleeve as cut on the fold or trace it out a second time and tape the two pieces into one sleeve piece . All that 's left to do is sew up your tee !
Once I had the pattern sorted out , I sewed up this stripey little tee from it . I think it turned out beautifully , what do you think ?
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The Huangpu River , a source of drinking water to Shanghai 's 23 million residents , should basically be called rotting swine soup . Some 3,000 more decomposing pigs have been found in the river near Shanghai since Monday , bringing the number to about 6,000 dead hogs , but authorities claim that water is just fine .
`` If the water is contaminated , we will put more disinfectants and activated carbon to purify the water , '' Qian Huizhong , Deputy Director of Xiaokunshan Water Plant in Shanghai was quoted as saying in Xinhua , China 's state-run news agency . Officials also said `` no pollution has been found '' in Shanghai 's water quality . Officials said `` the city is working to ensure its water quality , including removing pigs while they are further upstream , setting up aquatic plant barriers and increasing the frequency of quality checks , '' reports Shanghai Daily . The local government released a statement explaining that `` the water quality of the upper reaches of the Huangpu river is generally stable , basically similar to the same period last year . ''
So on the bright side , the water quality is basically the same as last year . And on the not-so-bright side , exactly how terrible was the water quality in the Huangpu if 6,000 dead pigs do n't move the needle ? On Monday it was reported that the dead pigs were marinating in other refuse , like medical waste and a sex doll . According to CNN 's water expert , those Chinese water authorities might be minimizing the toll of those decomposing pigs are having on Shanghai 's water system :
If the water treatment process is very effective and can handle the sudden glut of contaminants , it 's possible to minimize the impact , said Julian Fyfe , a senior research consultant specializing in water quality at the University of Technology Sydney . But they added : `` Most treatment plants would not be designed to accommodate that level of shock loading . It 's such an unsual event . '' [ ... ] `` If they are chlorinating heavily , which a lot of places may do , especially if they 've got a very polluted water body to start with , then the effects could potentially be small , '' Fyfe said .
Even if Shanghai residents do n't believe what the authorities are feeding them about the water , they do n't really have a choice but to accept it . In China 's eastern province of Zheijhang , environmentalist Chen Yuqian dared authorities to swim in a local , very-polluted river to make a point about how dirty it was . Late last month , Chen told Radio Free Asia that `` 40 unidentified people had showed up at their home and smashed it up , beating them up in the process . ''
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
Sarah Palin and Mike Huckabee are mad as hell that NPR fired Juan Williams for admitting they feared Muslims -- and they want NPR 's budget slashed as a result .
`` NPR defends 1st Amendment Right , but will fire u if u exercise it , '' Palin tweeted . `` Juan Williams : u got taste of Left 's hypocrisy , they screwed up firing you . ''
Huckabee went further in their criticism , calling on Congress to pull funding from NPR .
“ NPR has discredited itself as a forum for free speech and a protection of the First Amendment rights of all and has solidified itself as the purveyor of politically correct pabulum and protector of views that lean left , ” Huckabee said .
“ It is time for the taxpayers to start making cuts to federal spending , and I encourage the new Congress to start with NPR , ” they added .
English translation from 911video.de ;
URL : http : //www.stern.de/politik/deutschland/638514.html
`` Sauerland '' -Terrorists ''
The CIA Contact From Ludwigsburg
According to information from sources within the German authorities , a German contact person for the CIA was involved in the planning of what would have been the largest Islamic terror attacks on German soil . They supposedly helped transport 20 detonators .
It was a hot day in August last year , when the 15-year old Alaeddine T. from Braunschweig met a tall , sporty man , who called themselves Obeida , in a mosque in Istanbul . The boy later told officials of the Federal Criminal Investigation Office , that Obeida gave them a bag with jeans and a few shoes and told them to take the bag to Germany .
On August 26 Alaeddine gave the bag to T. at a mosque in Braunschweig .
A week later the young man , who received the bag was presented to the world by the international media : Fritz Gelowicz , 29 years old , a muslim convert from Ulm .
Together with its fellow believers Adem Yilmaz , 29 , and Daniel Schneider , 22 , they had supposedly planned attacks on American and Uzbek installations in Germany .
Hidden in the shoes from Turkey were 20 detonators . The person who had originally handed over the bag in Istanbul was apparently a CIA contact and came from the Pfalz region , as the STERN has learned from security circles .
Mevlüt K. , a 29 year old Turk from Ludwigshafen , is known to German investigators since 1997 as `` Obeida , the turk '' .
They were a member of the radical Islamic group `` Imam Einheit '' and was allegedly providing false passports to the terror organisation `` Al Tawhid '' and collecting donations for the armed Jihad .
They were also suspected to have provided explosives for an attack in Saudi Arabia . In August 2002 Mevlüt K. was arrested at the airport of Ankara and was in detention ( in Turkey ) until November 2003 .
They were probably enlisted during this time by the CIA and was planted inside the so-called `` Sauerland Trio '' around Fritz Gelowicz .
Last week the Federal Prosecutor 's Office submitted its 259-page indictment against Gelowicz , Yilmaz and the others .
The investigators found out , that the `` Sauerland Gruppe '' , wanted to blow up army barracks , pubs or discotheques in large German cities .
In addition the young Muslims had purchased twelve barrels of hydrogen peroxide , which inside a mixture with flour , would have had an explosive yield of 410 kilograms TNT , according to computations of consultants from the Federal Bureau of Criminal Investigations .
The planned targets : army barracks or pubs . Together the group had got hold of 26 detonators . Six originated from Bulgaria and Serbia .
The 20 detonators , which were handed over in Istanbul , were of Czech origin . How they got to the contact man of the CIA , does not seem to be clarified yet . There are leads that the detonators came from Syria . There are also traces leading to Lebanon , possibly to a former Palestinian transition camp , which was bombed later .
Technicians of the Federal Criminal Investigation Office who examined some the detonators more closely wrote in their report , which is known to STERN : `` Only two of the altogether 17 tested detonators were functional . '' The others would not have ignited , since they had been too damp .
Just when you thought the 'Russian collusion ' narrative could n't get any more surreal , 3 House democrats decide to write a letter to the FCC which can only be described as 'criminally stupid ' and even that seems generous .
According to the letter , signed by Representatives Anna Eshoo ( D-CA ) , Mike Doyle ( D-PA ) and Frank Pallone ( D-N.J ) , Sputnik Radio , `` a radio network funded by the Russian government , was used as part of the Kremlin 's effort to influence the 2016 presidential election . '' As such , these 3 democrats demand that the FCC launch an investigation into Sputnik Radio .
And while it may only seem 'marginally stupid ' to suggest that propaganda from a Russian-operated radio station might outweigh the $ 1.2 billion that Hillary spent on their campaign and/or all of the propaganda spewed by the mainstream media , the argument goes full `` criminally stupid '' when you realize that Sputnik Radio did n't even start broadcasting in the U.S. until June 2017 ( which is about 8 months AFTER the 2016 presidential election ... for anyone who may have missed the nuance there ) .
We 're writing in response to recent troubling press reports that a radio network funded by the Russian government may have used U.S. airwaves to influence the 2016 presidential election . We ask that you investigate these troubling reports and apply all applicable laws and regulations to enforce the public interest standard for licensed stations that broadcast this network .
An article published by the New York Times Magazine ( 9/13/17 ) titled `` RT , Sputnik and Russia 's New Theory of War '' suggests that Sputnik , a radio network funded by the Russian government , was used as part of the Kremlin 's effort to influence the 2016 presidential election . In Washington , D.C. , listeners can tune their radios to 105.5 FM to hear Sputnik and the Russian government 's effort to spread misinformation to influence U.S. policy and undermine our elections . This means the Kremlin 's propaganda is being broadcast over a license granted by the FCC and the Russian government may be using our country 's own airwaves to undermine our democracy .
Meanwhile , a quick look at the New York Times ' original article ( `` RT , Sputnik and Russia 's New Theory of War '' ) reveals that even they noted that Sputnik Radio did n't start until after the election .
It 's hard to imagine Russia 's state-backed media getting any traction in the United States if there was n't already an audience for it . For some subset of Americans , the intelligence report singling out RT and Sputnik was just another attack from the supposed “ deep state ” that Breitbart , for instance , had been fuming about for months — and it was less than surprising when , this spring , Sputnik hired a former Breitbart reporter , Lee Stranahan , to start a radio show in Washington . As Stranahan told The Atlantic , though their paycheck might now come from the Russians , “ Nothing about it really affects my position on stuff that I 've had for years now . ”
Source URL
What more is there to say ?
In the last post , we demonstrated how GPUs can dramatically reduce the time you need for a TensorFlow job . But what if we want to run this in production , not just from the laptop ? You 'd want to be able to deploy your TensorFlow service quickly and manage it easily in production across multiple teams : that 's where DC/OS comes in .
Watch a video of this tutorial here .
In part 2 of this tutorial , we 'll :
Install the TensorFlow service without GPUs .
Run a neural network example .
Install TensorFlow with GPUs .
Run the same neural network example .
Run an example that uses multiple GPUs .
Run Tensorflow on DC/OS Without GPUs
First , let 's see how easy it is to use TensorFlow on DC/OS , even without GPUs .
Prerequisites
A DC/OS cluster with one private agent with four CPUs and one public agent with eight CPUs and eight Nvidia Tesla K80 GPUs .
The DC/OS CLI installed .
Deploy the Tensorflow Service
First , let 's get TensorFlow running on your DC/OS cluster .
Go to the Services tab of the DC/OS UI . Click + to add a service . Choose Single Container . Toggle to the JSON Editor and paste the following application definition into the editor . { `` id '' : `` my-tensorflow-no-gpus '' , `` cpus '' : 4 , `` gpus '' : 0 , `` mem '' : 2048 , `` disk '' : 0 , `` instances '' : 1 , `` container '' : { `` type '' : `` MESOS '' , `` docker '' : { `` image '' : `` tensorflow/tensorflow '' } } } This application definition specifies no GPUs and the standard TensorFlow Docker image . Click Review and Run , then Run Service .
Run a Tensorflow Example
Exec into the TensorFlow container from the DC/OS CLI . This command allows you to execute commands inside the container and stream the output to your local terminal . dcos task exec -it my-tensorflow-no-gpus bash Now , let 's get some examples to run . Install git and then clone the TensorFlow-Examples repository . apt-get update ; apt-get install -y git git clone https : //github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples Run and time the same example you ran locally in the last tutorial , the convolutional network example . cd TensorFlow-Examples/examples/3_NeuralNetworks time python convolutional_network.py
This took my DC/OS cluster 11 minutes .
Run Tensorflow on DC/OS With GPUs
This involves a couple of steps .
Deploy the Tensorflow Service With GPUs
Now that you 've got TensorFlow examples running on your cluster , let 's see how performance compares when you configure your service to use GPUs .
Go to the Services tab of the DC/OS UI . Click + to add a service . Choose Single Container . Toggle to the JSON Editor and paste the following application definition into the editor . { `` id '' : `` tensorflow-gpus-1 '' , `` acceptedResourceRoles '' : [ `` slave_public '' ] , `` cpus '' : 4 , `` gpus '' : 4 , `` mem '' : 2048 , `` disk '' : 0 , `` instances '' : 1 , `` container '' : { `` type '' : `` MESOS '' , `` docker '' : { `` image '' : `` tensorflow/tensorflow : latest-gpu '' } } } This application definition is largely the same as the last one , except , here , you 're requesting 4 GPUs and specifying the TensorFlow Docker image that 's configured for GPUs . Click Review and Run , then Run Service .
Verify Access to GPUs
You 'll recall that we created a cluster with a public agent that has eight GPUs but only requested access to four . Let 's verify that the node has eight GPUs and that our service has access to only four of them .
First , use dcos task exec to run a command inside of the container to get the public IP address of the agent node the container is running on . dcos task exec tensorflow-gpus-1 curl -s ifconfig.co Now , use that public IP to SSH into the node and run nvidia-smi to verify the number of GPUs the node has . ssh < public-ip > nvida-smi You should see eight GPUs installed and running on the machine . The container for your service , however , should only be able to see four of those GPUs . Run dcos task exec with the bash option to get a shell inside of your service 's container . dcos task exec -it tensorflow-gpus-1 bash Set up environment variables so you can run nvida-smi from within this shell . export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/nvidia/lib64 export PATH= $ PATH : /usr/local/nvidia/bin Run nvidia-smi to verify that even though you have 8 GPUs installed on the machine , you only have access to four of them inside this container . nvidia-smi
Run a Tensorflow Example With GPUs
Now that you 've installed TensorFlow and verified your access to four GPUs , let 's run the same example as before .
If you exited the tensorflow-gpus-1 container , reenter it and set up the environment variables by following the steps in the last section . Install git and clone the TensorFlow-Examples repository . apt-get update ; apt-get install -y git git clone https : //github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples Run and time the same example you ran earlier , the convolutional network example . cd TensorFlow-Examples/examples/3_NeuralNetworks time python convolutional_network.py Watch the code find the GPUs and execute .
This took my DC/OS cluster about two minutes — about five times faster than before !
Launch Two Tensorflow Instances
You 'll recall that we have a cluster with 8 GPUs , but we only requested access to four of them . Now , let 's launch a second TensorFlow instance that will consume the remaining four GPUs in parallel with the first .
Running more than one TensorFlow instance in parallel shows that you can have multiple users on the same cluster with isolated access to the GPUs on it .
Add a third service to your DC/OS cluster with the following application definition , which is similar to the first application definition with GPUs . { `` id '' : `` tensorflow-gpus-2 '' , `` acceptedResourceRoles '' : [ `` slave_public '' ] , `` cpus '' : 4 , `` gpus '' : 4 , `` mem '' : 2048 , `` disk '' : 0 , `` instances '' : 1 , `` container '' : { `` type '' : `` MESOS '' , `` docker '' : { `` image '' : `` tensorflow/tensorflow : latest-gpu '' } } } Verify that your second TensorFlow instance is running by accessing the Jupyter notebook that runs by default on the TensorFlow Docker image . In the application definition above , the acceptedResourceRoles parameter is set to slave_public , which gives us access to the public IP of the agents where the containers are running . Get the public IP of the agent where the task has been launched . dcos task exec tensorflow-gpus-2 curl -s ifconfig.co Go to the STDERR log of the service to get the Jupyter URL . Services > tensorflow-gpus-2 > task-id > paper icon > ERROR ( STDERR ) . You will see this a message similar to the following . Copy/paste this URL into your browser when you connect for the first time , to login with a token : http : //localhost:10144/ ? token=d4f3d8f80eb97299e74b5254d1600c480c3f042d548e51f5 Replace localhost with the public IP you found earlier to see the Jupyter notebook . Click the Getting Started notebook and run some commands .
Thanks for playing along at home !
The next post in the series will show you how to use DC/OS to dynamically request cluster resources and launch a distributed TensorFlow job across multiple agents . When that job completes , the resources it had used are automatically released back to the cluster and made available to other jobs . This dramatically increases efficiency in comparison to traditional TensorFlow deployment strategies .
An anniversary not likely to be acknowledged heavily ( if at all ) by US officials , Monday marks the 11-year anniversary of the disastrous US invasion of Iraq , starting a protracted occupation the left huge numbers of Iraqi civilians dead .
Spun as a victory and a war that “ ended ” with the US pullout , Iraq saw a brief decline in violence after the US finally left , but a big escalation over the past year that has seen al-Qaeda in Iraq ( AQI ) , a group in large part created to resist the US occupation , seizing significant portions of the Anbar Province .
And while US involvement does n't include boots on the ground , the US is n't exactly “ out ” of Iraq , pumping large amounts of weapons into the country today as part of a promise to help them fight AQI .
Between the weapons shipments and constant calls from hawks to return to a direct military role inside Iraq , the US seems less “ out ” of Iraq than any time since they physically withdrew , and are looking forward to years of intervention in various forms .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Senior Air Force officers proposed using 10-to-15-kiloton nuclear bombs against targets in Communist China in 1958 , in the event that Beijing blockaded the Taiwan Strait , but President Dwight D. Eisenhower ruled out that option , according to a newly declassified Pentagon document .
At a Cabinet meeting in mid-August 1958 , as the threat of a Chinese blockade of Taiwan was developing , Air Force Gen. Nathan F. Twining , then chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , explained `` that at the outset American planes would drop 10- to 15-kiloton bombs on selected fields in the vicinity of Amoy , '' a coastal city on the Taiwan Strait now called Xiamen , according to the documents .
But `` the President simply did not accept the contention that nuclear weapons were as conventional as high explosives , '' according to the now-declassified Air Force history of the Taiwan crisis .
In releasing the official history , William Burr of George Washington University 's National Security Archive said Eisenhower 's decision forced Air Force leaders to think more seriously about conventional warfare instead of relying on nuclear arms .
A similar discussion is underway today as the Pentagon , under direction from Congress , examines U.S. nuclear strategy as part of the debate over whether to develop a new generation of weapons in the Reliable Replacement Warhead program .
By mid-August 1958 , Air Force commanders had deployed five Strategic Air Command B-47 bombers that `` went on alert to conduct nuclear raids against the mainland [ China ] airfields , '' the history says . At that time , the commanders assumed `` presidential approval [ that ] any communist assault upon the offshore islands would trigger immediate nuclear retaliation . ''
When informed that Eisenhower had insisted that first strikes be made with high explosives , Gen. Laurence S. Kuter , the Pacific Air Forces commander , described `` this idea of limited response as disastrous . . . and warned that the United States should either be ready to use its most effective weapons -- in their opinion nuclear bombs -- or stay out of the conflict , '' according to the history .
On Aug. 23 , the Chinese began to fire tens of thousands of artillery shells from the mainland to Big and Little Quemoy , offshore islands held by the Taiwanese . Eisenhower approved the deployment of U.S. naval forces to escort ships resupplying Quemoy , the dispatch of an air strike force to the region and a commitment to help provide Taiwan 's air defense .
By early October , the Chinese government had announced a cease-fire , and after a few months the crisis dissipated .
Kuter , the history says , later `` complained that the military had failed to convince civilian authorities that American forces had to be free to use nuclear bombs at the outset of any conflict . '' Air Force headquarters in Washington , however , accepted that political considerations `` might require that initial strikes be made with conventional ordnance . ''
The Air Force declined to comment on the document yesterday .
With the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement negotiation concluded , attention is now turning to the Trans Pacific Partnership agreement . The TPP currently includes the US , Australia , Brunei , Chile , New Zealand , Singapore , Peru , Malaysia and Vietnam . Canada has not joined the negotiation , but there have been periodic rumours that wants in ( it was apparently initially asked but declined due to the impact due to the agricultural impact ) .
Much like ACTA , there have been periodic TPP leaks , particularly on intellectual property issues . Last month , the New Zealand and Chilean proposals leaked online . Yesterday , the big one leaked – the U.S. 's 38 page intellectual property chapter . The U.S. plan is everything it wanted in ACTA but did n't get . For example , the digital lock rules are the U.S. DMCA , complete with exact same exceptions ( no more , no less ) . The term of copyright matches the U.S. term of life of the author plus 70 years , beyond the Berne requirement and Canadian law . The ISP provisions including a copy of the U.S. notice-and-takedown system as well as provisions that go beyond U.S. law . In other words , the U.S. envisions using the TPP to export its copyright law to as many countries as possible while creating backdoor changes to its own domestic laws . Moreover , the chapter extends well beyond copyright , with patent provisions that would restrict countries ' ability to restrict patentable subject matter .
KEI provides a good initial overview of some of the U.S. demands . While Canadians are not directly affected at the moment , it is certainly possible that pressure to join the TPP will increase in the months ahead with a deal that Canada did not have a hand in negotiating .
They were playing their fiddle and an became witness to a 1790 Colonial UFO Sighting
It was a clear summer evening in 1790 . A settler in New York 's Schoharie County was sitting on the porch of their dwelling playing their fiddle . About 9 p.m. , a bright shining light appeared in the northern sky with a great roar . They indicate that it grew in intensity until it would have outshone the noonday sun . The resident remarked that the light was so bright that they could have “ … picked up pins in every corner . ”
The German colonist said they saw what appeared to be a meteor passing west of them at a distance of about 250 yards and about 65 feet above the ground . They state that it kept close to the ground on the other side of the hollow . As the object moved over the countryside , it met with a rise of tall trees and as it did , it rose above them and continued on with the speed of galloping horse . When the object came upon the foot of a noted hill that the Indians called “ Owelus Sowless , ” it ascended as the ground rose and flew over the hill . The settler said that 's where they lost sight of it .
They describe “ the meteor ” as about 300 yards long . It had a snake-like shape , except that the apparent head “ … resembled the root of a tree plucked up by force. ” There was no appearance of a neck , and it was as thick as a young bull and tapered off like a serpent . Its appearance resembled “ … a welding hot iron and sparking like it . ”
They further stated that the intense heat warmed their entire house . They further reported that it left a stench similar to burning tar or sulfur that lingered for at least a another day .
The UFO observer was part of the first German settlement in Schoharie County . The settler swore out their story in the town of Carlisle on Aug. 23 , 1823 . The account was in the records of The Historical and Philosophical Society of the State of New York .
Let 's look at some recent New York State UFO sightings :
4 Nov 2014 : at about 10:30 p.m. a resident of Tarrytown , NY witnessed an object with red flashing lights around it , in circular pattern . The object was very large and low to ground , They say , ” it was larger than an airliner. ” The object is reported to have made a hissing noise .
10 Nov 2014 : at about 7p.m . a resident of Holtsville , NY observed a bright light sat stationary in the sky for several seconds , then shot across the sky at a steep angle , “ faster than anything I 've ever seen . ”
15 Nov 2014 : at about 12:45 a.m. a Cambria , NY couple observed a hovering chevron shaped object flashing bright red and green lights .
15 Nov 2014 : at about 6 p.m . Numerous New York City residents reported a bright blue glowing ball in the sky . They state that it traveled with great speed across the sky and disappeared . It lasted no more than 5 seconds .
15 Nov 2014 : at about 8:30 p.m. A married couple in Elmira , NY observed a formation of bright orange lights flying over Elmira . They state that the chevron shaped formation had approximately 20 lights .
16 Nov 2014 : at about 9:45 p.m. an Albany couple were driving to a shopping plaza and witnessed a “ huge bright circular shaped object that appeared to land in a nearby field . ”
If you have a UFO sighting to report , you can use either one of the two national database services : www.NUFORC.ORG or www.MUFON.COM – Both services respect confidentiality .
Cheryl Costa would love to hear the when , where and what of your New York sighting . Email it to NYSkies @ DragonLadyMedia.com . The names of witnesses will be omitted to protect their privacy .
comments
US Democratic Presidential candidate , Hilary Clinton has been exposed by Wikileaks founder , Julian Assange for racist remarks on blacks and muslims .
According to WikiLeaks , who revealed the information via a leaked transcript of a speech at Wall Street , Hillary said their “ dream ” was to virtually destroy America by having a “ hemispheric common market ” where trade protections , tariffs , and other measures that ensure both the integrity and sovereignty of the economy would be abandoned for a world market .
Hillary Clinton then went on to refer to black people as “ professional never-do-wells ” , incapable of success irrespective of the opportunities they 're given .
They were reportedly paid to make this racist statement to a group of elitists on Wall Street who also share the same views .
It will be noted that when their husband Bill Clinton was president , Hillary had called black youths “ super-predators ” that needed “ to be brought to heel . ”
She 's since tried to apologize for the remark and say that they did n't mean it , but after hearing their recent racist comments at Wall Street , it is clear to many that Hillary 's views might have not changed much since they were First Lady .
Advertisements
Share with friends : Twitter
Reddit
Google
Facebook
LinkedIn
Print
Syriza , the radical leftists who have pledged to roll back austerity and renegotiate Greece 's mammoth debt , swept to a stunning victory in the country 's elections on Sunday – but looked like falling agonisingly short of an outright majority .
With more than 90 % of the results in , official interior ministry results put Alexis Tsipras 's party on 36 % , eight points clear of their chief rivals , the conservative New Democracy of outgoing prime minister Antonis Samaras , on 28 % .
But even with the 50-seat bonus awarded to the winning party , that translated to 149 seats – two less than Syriza needs to govern alone in the 300-seat parliament . The extreme-right , anti-immigrant , Nazi-inspired Golden Dawn , several of whose 18 MPs are in jail awaiting trial for membership of a criminal organisation , clinched third place ahead of the new , centrist To Potami party .
In front of an ecstatic crowd of cheering , flag-waving supporters outside Athens university , Tsipras said that “ today , the Greek people have made history . Hope has made history . ”
The Greek people , they said , had “ given a clear , strong , indisputable mandate . Greece has turned a page . Greece is leaving behind destructive austerity , fear and authoritarianism . It is leaving behind five years of humiliation and pain . ”
Tsipras , 40 , will lead the first eurozone government to openly oppose bailout conditions imposed by the European Union and International Monetary Fund , seemingly setting Athens on a collision course with Brussels and particularly Berlin . The result had “ made the Troika [ the EU , IMF and European Central Bank ] history , ” they said .
Criticism was not slow in coming . The president of Germany 's Bundesbank , Jens Weidmann , said Greece should stick to its budget commitments . “ I hope the new government wo n't call into question what is expected and what has already been achieved , ” they told ARD television .
After five brutal years of austerity and recession , Greece 's 9.8m voters went to the polls under clear skies . Looking confident and relaxed , Tsipras cast their ballot in a primary school in the Kipseli district of Athens , saying the day represented the Greek people 's “ last step towards regaining our dignity ” .
Voters there said the poll felt like the most important in Greece 's recent history . “ I just voted for the party that 's going to change Greece – in fact , the party that is going to change the whole of Europe , ” said Panagiotis , 54 , a self-employed electrician .
“ There has to be change , big change . The economy has collapsed . Poverty has reached proportions … People , ordinary people like you and me , are poking around in dustbins to get food to eat . The young can only find work abroad . Syriza is Greece 's hope . ”
Phoebe Greenwood talks to Greeks before a high-stakes election in the country .
Maria , 78 , a lifelong conservative , said they had voted Syriza for the first time because they had “ no confidence left in anyone , any party , who has governed us up until now ” .
They added : “ Things are in a very bad way here . But at least Syriza seem to care . My grandson – he 's seven – said to their mother , just now : ‘ Vote Tsipras , mummy . They talk about the poor people . ' ”
Samaras appeared on national television to concede defeat , saying they had “ assumed charge of a country that was on the brink of collapse … and restored its international credibility. ” But they said the Greek people had spoken and the country must respect their decision .
Tsipras 's fierce anti-austerity , anti-bailout message has found an enthusiastic audience across a now visibly strung-out and worn-down country . Since 2009 , Greece 's GDP has plummeted by a quarter and its household income by more than a third , while joblessness has trebled , to 26 % .
Swingeing spending cuts and soaring unemployment have seen about 3.1 million people , or a third of the population , lose their social security and health insurance , leaving the country on the brink of humanitarian crisis . Almost third of Greece 's population now lives below the poverty line , while 18 % are unable to afford basic food needs .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Syriza party 's poster reads ‘ the hope is coming ' in an election campaign kiosk in Athens . Photograph : Angelos Tzortzinis /AFP/Getty Images
If Syriza does need a coalition partner , its choices are limited . Golden Dawn is clearly not an option and the Communist party has refused all cooperation with Syriza . Possible allies could include To Potami , whose leader said they were willing to talk , or the populist Independent Greeks , who agree with Syriza that austerity has to end , but disagree on almost everything else . Neither alliance would be easy .
The prospect of a Syriza victory spooked creditors who worry that Athens will seek a write-off of at least part of its €320bn debt . Some analysts fear that a tough Syriza approach to negotiations could push Greece out of the eurozone , although Germany 's chancellor , Angela Merkel , insisted on Friday that this was not what they wanted .
Tsipras 's line has softened markedly in recent weeks , but several EU capitals are still alarmed by promises to cancel the most draconian budget cuts imposed as part of the country 's €240bn bailout package .
“ We will start with the things we can easily do , that we can afford , but will make a difference , ” said Gabriel Sakellaridis , a young Syriza candidate in central Athens .
“ We do n't have a magic wand ; people know that . But we can take simple steps to restore some social justice : raise the minimum wage and pension , abolish the most unfair new taxes . ”
Above all , they said , Syriza could “ restore the hope that has been missing from the Greek people through the past five years of fear , anxiety , despair . Syriza has convinced them we not just that we want to change things , but that we can . ”
Cynthia Davis , NAN Staten Island President , and Gwen Carr , mother of Eric Garner , visit Garner 's memorial in Tomkinsville on Thursday morning . ( Staten Island Advance/Vincent Barone )
STATEN ISLAND , N.Y. – Gwen Carr , mother of Eric Garner , says the city program in which police officers will wear body cameras wo n't change grand jury outcomes or police behavior .
`` They can trash [ the body cameras ] . They had ... a video that represents a body camera . It did nothing , '' said Ms. Carr , during a Thursday morning visit to the scene where their son died on Bay Street , in Tompkinsville .
`` Try something else , '' they said , the day after a grand jury decided not to indict Police Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the death of Garner .
Officers in the 120th Precinct will begin patrolling with body cameras on Friday under a pilot program . Nine police officers in the North Shore command will participate , and a total 54 cops will be part of the voluntary pilot in six precincts citywide .
The pilot was ordered by a U.S. District judge in a 2013 decision that found police use of the stop-and-frisk tactic was unconstitutional because it targeted minority communities . Nine officers from the 120th precinct and 54 officers in total will be participating .
`` It 's going to help in many , many ways . It 's going to improve the work of law enforcement , '' Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a police training facility in Queens on Wednesday . `` And , God forbid , when something goes wrong , we 're going to have a clear understanding of what happened . ''
Cynthia Davis , Staten Island president of the National Action Network , said Eric Garner 's death is proof that recording police encounters with civilians is not enough . They also criticized the cameras because police officers can control when the cameras are filming .
`` What 's the purpose of the police officers having the cameras if they can turn them on and off ? '' Ms. Davis asked . `` It 's a waste of money , basically . ''
Ms. Carr said they see hope in the promised federal investigation into the death of Eric Garner . `` I thought the video would make a difference . But it did n't , '' they said . `` I 'm just thankful we have other avenues . ''
Both Ms. Carr and Ms. Davis encouraged New York City protesters to continue peacefully . The National Action Network is planning a national rally in Washington , D.C. , on Dec. 13 .
`` People are taking notice . We have people of all races involved and that 's what makes me so proud , '' said Ms. Carr . `` [ Garner ] will be remembered I think for generations to come . At least they will be a legacy . People in the future will know what Eric Garner stood for . ''
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Everton FC have launched an investigation after a flight attendant appeared to refer to Liverpool fans as “ murderers ” on social media .
Goodison officials started the probe after an outburst from a Facebook account in the name of Karen Flynn .
Flynn describes themselves on their profile as a flight attendant for the Blues .
During a heated discussion about a refereeing decision during this weekend 's Norwich vs Liverpool match , Flynn 's Facebook account said Liverpool fans “ need to all be put down ” .
It went on to describe Reds supporters as “ trackies wearing ugly as f * * * w * * * * * * ” .
The outburst finished : “ They are f * * * * * murderers but never their fault . ”
The controversial comments came to light after shocked fans began to share the remarks on social media .
Everton FC said in a statement : “ Everton Football Club is aware of this issue and is taking this matter very seriously .
“ An internal investigation is under way and we will provide an update as soon as possible .
“ All of our match-day staff are issued with clear guidelines and policies relating to social media and the consequences of any breach are made clear . ”
Photos on Flynn 's Facebook profile show them posing with fellow flight attendants while wearing their high-visibility match-day uniforms .
Everton 's logo is also incorporated into their profile picture .
The ECHO has approached Flynn via Facebook for a comment .
Read more Merseyside news here
A secretive syndicate of super-rich diners have started a trend of leaving lottery-winning tips for bar staff , waiters and waiteres across the US . The lucky recipients are thrilled at the windfall , but is this another sign of the growing chasm between the rich and everyone else in America ?
Scribbling the phrase `` Tips for Jesus '' alongside outrageous gratuities on credit card receipts , the trend - presumably among the super-rich - has set the internet abuzz with speculation over whom the ringleader might be .
Pictures of many grinning faces and evidence of their windfalls have been posted on Twitter and Instagram , where # TipsForJesus is not only trending but is unsurprisingly attracting a lot of `` likes '' .
More than $ 130,000 ( £78,027 ) worth of tips are said to have been left in the six months since the mystery handouts began .
Undercover benefactors
The movement we started is intended to be agnostic Unnamed , `` Tips for Jesus '' ringleader
The rich and mysterious tipper or group of tippers have been leaving giant gratuities in a dozen cities across the US and Mexico , but recently the service staff of Los Angeles have been cashing in .
Just last week a waiter at a top Italian restaurant in LA picked up a $ 6,000 gratuity on a $ 900 dinner bill , and a fast food server was given a $ 100 for a $ 4 milkshake .
Two waiteres at an iconic Sunset Boulevard strip club , Jumbo 's Clown Room , shared $ 2,000 in tips on a $ 272 bill .
But the undercover benefactors have also been operating in New York , Arizona , San Francisco and Palo Alto , and it 's there where many people think the secret to the lavish spending lies - a Silicon Valley billionaire .
Some insider magazines have gone as far as to name former PayPal vice-president Jack Selby as the mystery money man , but he 's keeping quiet and those responsible remain out of the public eye .
And apparently `` Tips for Jesus '' has nothing to do with religion .
Widening wealth gap
The ringleader asked to keep their anonymity in exchange for an interview with the San Francisco Magazine .
`` The movement we started is intended to be agnostic , '' they are quoted as saying , suggesting they ca n't remember exactly how it all began , other than it being last September after a college football game in Michigan .
A $ 3,000 tip on an $ 87.98 tab , with a photograph posted to Instagram , and ever since then a flurry of local media interest has followed news of the latest big gratuity .
The ringleader has `` been fortunate '' in life , the magazine says , adding they and their friends had been big tippers for years - just not this big .
Rubber stamps have even been made , and there 's a possibility copy-cat tipping is going on - something welcomed by those lucky enough to share in the peculiar redistribution of wealth .
Tipping is part of culture in the US , where there are traditionally low wages for serving staff , but this is a curious form of luck-based philanthropy .
It 's a reminder , perhaps , of the widening wealth gap between the super-rich and the rest across America .
1 ) No one will really understand politics until they understand that politicians are not trying to solve our problems . They are trying to solve their own problems — of which getting elected and re-elected are number one and number two . Whatever is number three is far behind . — Thomas Sowell
2 ) We tolerate , even promote , many things we once regarded as evil , wrong , or immoral . And then we seek “ explanations ” for an act that seems beyond comprehension . Remove societal restraints on some evils and one can expect the demons to be freed to conduct other evil acts . — Cal Thomas
3 ) What would you think of a person who earned $ 24,000 a year but spent $ 35,000 ? Suppose on top of that , they were already $ 170,000 in debt . You 'd tell them to get their act together — stop spending so much or he 'd destroy their family , impoverish their kids and wreck their future . Of course , no individual could live so irresponsibly for long . But tack on eight more zeroes to that budget and you have the checkbook for our out-of-control , big-spending federal government . — John Stossel
Trending : The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet
4 ) As my father-in-law once said , when they talk about taxes it 's always for teachers , firefighters , and police – but when they spend your taxes , it always seems to go to some guy in a leather chair downtown you never heard of . — Glenn Reynolds
5 ) America 's abundance was created not by public sacrifices to “ the common good , ” but by the productive genius of free men who pursued their own personal interests and the making of their own private fortunes . They did not starve the people to pay for America 's industrialization . They gave the people better jobs , higher wages and cheaper goods with every new machine they invented , with every scientific discovery or technological advance–and thus the whole country was moving forward and profiting , not suffering , every step of the way . — Ayn Rand
SIGN-001
A sign directs drivers in Kalamazoo . ( Jake Green | MLive.com )
( JakeGreen/MLive.com )
KALAMAZOO , MI -- A four-mile section of M-43 will be reduced to a single lane for a significant portion of 2017 .
This week , the Michigan Department of Transportation , city of Kalamazoo and Amtrak are holding an open house to discuss road , railroad and utility projects in 2017 . Kalamazoo County will experience an estimated $ 6 million in road investment from MDOT this year , significantly less compared to upcoming and previous years , but enough to fund major repaving projects .
Representatives will discuss coordinated projects along sections of M-43 with residents and business owners at a meeting scheduled from 4 to 6 p.m. on Tuesday , Feb. 28 at the Kalamazoo Metro Transit building on 530 N. Rose St .
See which Kalamazoo County roads will receive $ 12.8 million in repairs Almost 70 primary road projects are planned for 2017 .
MDOT plans to repave mill and replace pavement on a section of M-43 , also known as West Main Street , from US-131 east to Michikal Street , and a section of M-43 , also known as West Kalamazoo Avenue , from Pitcher Street east to Douglas Avenue .
Construction is likely to begin in May , said MDOT communications representative Nick Schirripa , and conclude in November . A contracted cost has yet to be established , but the project is estimated to cost $ 2.3 million .
There will be single-lane closures for repaving and sidewalk construction along the four-mile stretch from May to November . Schrippia said traffic will be delayed for the 25,000 vehicles on average that travel through the sections of M-43 each day .
`` Folks driving will want to be aware that ( construction ) will most certainly cause some backups , '' they said . `` It will add a few minutes to your drive but not more than 10-15 minutes . ''
The largest concentration of traffic occurs between Turwill Lane and Nichols Road , where an average of 31,800 vehicles travel each day .
Additionally , Amtrak plans to reconstruct pavement at railroad crossings on West Main Street , West Kalamazoo Avenue , North Westnedge Avenue and North Park Street . Detours will be posted for the four railroad crossing intersections , though Schrippia said the work is not likely to impact the train schedule .
Meanwhile , the city of Kalamazoo will coordinate city utility replacement projects along the route to minimize delays to traffic in the future . City projects include sanitary sewer upgrades and construction of the non-motorized trail along West Kalamazoo Avenue .
`` It does n't make sense to repave M-43 only to have city come back and ( work on the road ) next year , '' Shrippia said .
MDOT will release a 2017 schedule of other significant construction later this spring .
In 2018 , MDOT plans to repave US-131 Business Route , also known as North Westnedge Avenue and North Park Street , from West Michigan Avenue to West Dunkley Street . MDOT construction will include sidewalk ramp upgrades and railroad crossing repairs .
Project maps and schedules will be provided at the Tuesday meeting .
Accommodations can be made for persons with disabilities and limited English speaking ability . Large print materials , auxiliary aids or the services of interpreters , signers , or readers available upon request .
Xseed Are Trying To Release Rune Factory 4 In Europe Via The Nintendo eShop
By Ishaan . October 3 , 2014 . 9:00am
Rune Factory 4 was planned for release in Europe until the game 's PAL release was infamously cancelled by Marvelous in early 2014 , due to developer Neverland going out of business . At the time , Xseed , who publish Rune Factory games in the USA and are subsidiary of Marvelous , said that one the reasons behind the cancellation of Rune Factory 4 in Europe was due to technical hurdles .
More specifically , Marvelous had taken in some of Neverland 's staff after the studio closed down , and the team—which consisted of members of the Rune Factory group—continued work on Forbidden Magna , an RPG that had begun development after the completion of Rune Factory 4 . Unfortunately , the main programmer for Rune Factory 4 was not part of this team , which is what prevented a European release from being worked on .
This week , however , Rune Factory 4 was rated by the USK , Germany 's videogame rating board , with Xseed and Marvelous listed as the game 's publishers . Following the rating , Siliconera got in touch with Xseed 's Executive VP , Ken Berry , to find out if the game was going to be released in Europe after all , and the reply we received should make our European readers happy : Xseed hope to release Rune Factory 4 as an eShop title in Europe .
“ The situation is that we know the Rune Factory 4 fans in Europe have suffered enough with one cancellation already , ” Berry said to Siliconera , “ so we did n't want to announce anything until the game passed [ Nintendo of Europe ] certification and we were sure its digital-only eShop release was imminent since we are using a different programming house to try to pick up where the original dev team left off . ”
I asked Berry if they could say which team was taking over programming duties for Rune Factory 4 's release and if they could say how much work on the title had been done .
“ Though I ca n't disclose which development house is handling the PAL localization programming duties for us , I can say that it 's been in the works for months already and we hope to start the master submission process with NOE within the next couple weeks , ” Berry replied .
So , there you go . Rune Factory 4 is coming to Europe after all .
Carl Sagan with a model of the Viking Lander . Photo via Wikipedia
I miss Carl Sagan . Sagan 's enthusiasm for science and their knack for translating difficult scientific concepts into simple explanations that many can understand , made them a popular figure . They were an ambassador for science , if you will , as they had inspired many people to study science ( yours truly included ) .
Today would 've been their 75th birthday , so in honor of the great astronomer , scientist and author , Neatorama presents 10 Neat Facts About Carl Sagan :
1 . Carl Sagan 's First Book About Stars
When Carl was five years old , they wondered about the stars : what were they ? Unsatisfied with the answers they got from their friends and from adults they knew , Carl went to the library and asked for a book about stars . The librarian handed them ... a book on celebrities ! In Keay Davidson 's Carl Sagan : A Life , Carl explained how their fascination with the cosmos began :
I gave it back to them and said , `` This was n't the kind of stars I had in mind . '' They thought this was hilarious , which humiliated me further . They then went and got the right kind of book . I took it—a simple kid 's book . I sat down on a little chair—a pint-sized chair—and turned the pages until I came to the answer . And the answer was stunning . It was that the Sun was a star but really close . The stars were suns , but so far away they were just little points of light .... And while I did n't know the [ inverse ] square law of light propagation or anything like that , still , it was clear to me that you would have to move that Sun enormously far away , further away than Brooklyn [ for the stars to appears as dots of light ] .... The scale of the universe suddenly opened up to me . [ It was ] kind of religious experience . [ There ] was a magnificence to it , a grandeur , a scale which has never left me . Never ever left me .
2 . Sagan vs. Apple
In 1994 , Apple chose the internal codename `` Carl Sagan '' for its PowerMac 7100 . Though it was meant as an homage to Carl ( and an in-joke that the computer would make Apple `` billions and billions '' of dollars ) , they also used the codenames `` Piltdown Man '' and `` Cold Fusion '' for the Power Mac 6100 and 8100 , respectively . When Carl found out that they were being put alongside scientific hoaxes , they sued Apple . Though Apple won the suit , the codename was changed to BHA ( Butt Head Astronomer ) ... which prompted yet another lawsuit from the p.o . 'd astronomer ! Apple won again , but their lawyers demanded the engineers change the codename one more time , which they did . The PowerMac 7100 was known by its final codename LAW , which stood for `` Lawyers Are Wimps . ''
3 . Spaced Out ... On Pot !
In 1969 , Carl Sagan wrote under the Pseudonym `` Mr. X '' about the virtues of cannabis . Harvard Medical School Professor Emeritus of Psychiatry Lester Grinspoon has the article in their website Marijuana Uses :
It all began about ten years ago . I had reached a considerably more relaxed period in my life - a time when I had come to feel that there was more to living than science , a time of awakening of my social consciousness and amiability , a time when I was open to new experiences . I had become friendly with a group of people who occasionally smoked cannabis , irregularly , but with evident pleasure . Initially I was unwilling to partake , but the apparent euphoria that cannabis produced and the fact that there was no physiological addiction to the plant eventually persuaded me to try . My initial experiences were entirely disappointing ; there was no effect at all , and I began to entertain a variety of hypotheses about cannabis being a placebo which worked by expectation and hyperventilation rather than by chemistry . After about five or six unsuccessful attempts , however , it happened . I was lying on my back in a friend 's living room idly examining the pattern of shadows on the ceiling cast by a potted plant ( not cannabis ! ) . I suddenly realized that I was examining an intricately detailed miniature Volkswagen , distinctly outlined by the shadows . I was very skeptical at this perception , and tried to find inconsistencies between Volkswagens and what I viewed on the ceiling . But it was all there , down to hubcaps , license plate , chrome , and even the small handle used for opening the trunk . When I closed my eyes , I was stunned to find that there was a movie going on the inside of my eyelids . Flash . . . a simple country scene with red farmhouse , a blue sky , white clouds , yellow path meandering over green hills to the horizon . . . Flash . . .
4 . The Politics of Science
Anyone who has ever worked in a university or an academic institution would know this , but most people assume that because science relies on logic and careful reasoning , scientists would behave in a clinical and dispassionate way . Nothing is farther from the truth .
Carl 's popularity had backfired on them not once but twice . In 1967 , they were denied tenure at Harvard because their colleagues bristled at `` what they perceived as self-aggrandizement and pandering to the public . ''
In 1992 , Carl was again disappointed when their application for membership at the prestigious National Academy of Sciences was denied . Ironically , they received the Public Welfare Medal , the highest award of the Academy for `` distinguished contributions in the application of science to the public welfare . ''
In both instances , Carl persevered and succeeded to overcome setbacks resulting from the politics of science .
5 . Billions and Billions
Carl Sagan actually never used the term `` billions and billions . '' Their exact words on the series Cosmos were `` billions upon billions '' ( which , for all practical purpose , is pretty much the same thing ) .
So how did `` billions and billions '' came to be ? We can blame Johnny Carson :
[ YouTube Clip ]
Carl was a good sport - their final book , titled Billions & Billions : Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium , opened with a tongue-in-cheek discussion of the catch phrase and noted that Johnny Carson themselves was an amateur astronomer .
6 . The Sagan Unit
A sagan is defined as at least 4 billion ( the smallest amount in `` billions '' is two billion , so `` billions and billions '' equal 4 billion ) . It is estimated that the Milky Way galaxy has 100 sagan ( 400,000,000,000 ) stars .
Previously on Neatorama : Fun and Unusual Units of Measurements
7 . Pioneer Plaques
Many people know that Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11 spacecrafts carry metal plaques that carry a message from humankind . But not many know that it was Carl Sagan , together with Frank Drake ( yes , the man who came up with the Drake Equation that attempts to estimate the number of alien civilization in our galaxy ) , that designed the plaque . The controversial artwork , which featured a nude man and woman , was drawn by Sagan 's then-wife Linda Salzman Sagan .
After the Pioneer Program , NASA put a Golden Record aboard the two Voyager spacecrafts , which included a greeting `` Hello from the children of planet Earth . '' That was recorded by then six-year-old Nick Sagan , Carl 's son .
8 . Carl Sagan Memorial Station ... on Mars !
Nick Sagan grew up to become a novelist and screenwriter . They wrote an episode of Star Trek : Enterprise titled `` Terra Prime , '' which included a CGI of Carl Sagan Memorial Station plaque on Mars .
Image via Memory Alpha , the Star Trek Wiki
The plaque above is fictional - but the Carl Sagan Memorial Station is real . It 's the formal name of the NASA Mars Pathfinder lander , which delivered the Sojourner rover that explored the Red Planet .
9 . Sagan Asteroid
Just in case a unit of measurement and a memorial station on Mars are n't enough , Carl had another thing named after him : a small asteroid in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter was named the 2709 Sagan .
10 . Sagan 's Last Interview
In 1996 , not long before their death , Carl Sagan was interviewed by Charlie Rose , in which they discussed the rise of pseudoscience in the United States . They looked gaunt in the interview , but as you can see , they remained as sharp as ever :
[ Google Video ]
Bonus : Carl Sagan A Glorious Dawn Auto-Tune
This has been on Neatorama before , but it 's so good that we just have to feature it again for those of you who might 've missed it . Behold , Carl Sagan 's A Glorious Dawn auto-tuned :
[ YouTube Clip ]
__________
I 'll be the first to acknowledge that this is a woefully inadequate post about one of the most brilliant scientists who ever lived . We did n't talk about Cosmos ( because it 's so popular , I opted for the more obscure Sagan trivia ) , their books and Pulitzer Prize , Carl Sagan Day and so on . If you have a Sagan story , please share it in the comments .
It does n't matter where one travels in the world to hear the solution for global warming : MOVE TO A BIG , GREEN CITY and CHANGE YOUR BEHAVIOR .
Eager eco- “ experts ” march to the same dangerous drummer . Freedom is dangerous . Individuals and societies must conform as required . We all must happily move to a mega eco-friendly “ human habitat . ”
CFACT is at the three day ECOCITY 2017 conference in Melbourne , Australia . Some 600 people from all over the world beefed up their carbon footprint to “ collaborate and dialogue ” Down Under .
ECOCITY attendees include city planners , architects , “ local authorities ” , elected officials , chambers of commerce , universities , renewable energy grant recipients , a 12 year old “ Junior Lord Mayor ” , and on one crispy cold Australian winter day , Al Gore .
Summiteers seek to address “ the way humanity builds its home ” and focus on “ key actions that cities and citizens can take to rebuild our human habitat in balance with living systems. ” Concerns include slowing down and reversing “ global heating , biodiversity collapse , loss of wilderness habitat , agricultural lands and open space , and social and environmental injustices . ”
With over 80 different speakers and over 100 different sessions , discussions throughout the conference ranged from “ Challenges and Key Opportunities to Imagining and Creating Sustainable and Resilient Cities ” , “ Legal and Financial Instruments to Drive Change , ” “ Food Systems , ” “ Retrofitting the Suburbs for the Energy Descent Future , ” to “ Women Leading Sustainable and Resilient Cities .
Leave it to Al Gore to speak on the chilliest day of the conference . The Al Gore effect , unseasonable cold where warming is plugged , defies scientific explanation yet never ceases to amuse .
Gore laid out a litany of planet earth 's latest climate crises ; record highs , record lows , floods , fires and mitigation of carbon emissions by using solar and wind . Gore received an audience well beyond the actual number of ECOCITY 2017 conference registrants . They brought in outside media and stacked the house with pre-screened teachers and others who did not have to pay . They physically stopped audience and ECOSUMMIT registrants from taking pictures and did not allow any questions .
Back to a warmer day ( the day before Gore arrived ) , the ECOCITY 2017 conference opened with speakers like Lily D'Ambrosio ( the Honorable Minister for Energy Environment , Sustainable Development , Suburban Development , and Climate Change ) , who praised the “ 20-minute neighborhood concept ” as necessary for sustainable living to save planet earth . In addition to using solar and wind as the leading energy sources , a 20-minute neighborhood provides dwellers with the “ ideal ” opportunity of eco-friendly , high-density living situations where working , shopping , eating , and playing are all within 20 minutes of one another . Of course this 21st century “ voluntary ” obligation involves using environment-friendly modes of transportation ( walking , biking , and public transportation ) . As one might imagine , this all helps the world combat human-made climate change while making planet earth more equitable , just , resilient and sustainable for current and future generations . Ms. D'Ambrosio pushed Plan Melbourne as a model ECOCITY plan – a comprehensive , regional , smart growth plan awfully similar to popular plans in the USA such as Plan Bay Area and Thrive 2055 .
At the ECOCITY session “ Priorities and strategies for mobilizing the finance needed to create zero-carbon ECOCITIES ” solutions included things like a vehicle mile travel tax , carbon tax , government subsidies , and dipping into pensions . This is eerily similar to the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment ( UNPRI.org ) where retirement system investors use Environmental Social Governance ( ESG ) as their “ fiduciary responsibility ” excuse to implement the UN 's Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) and force industrial and societal behavior change .
What is an ECOCITY ? According to those gathered in Melbourne :
An ECOCITY is a human settlement modeled on the self sustaining resilient structure and function of natural ecosystems . The ecocity provides healthy abundance to its inhabitants without consuming more ( renewable ) resources than it produces , without producing more waste than it can assimilate , and without being toxic to itself or neighboring ecosystems . Its inhabitants ' ecological impact reflect planetary supportive lifestyles ; its social order reflects fundamental principles of fairness , justice and reasonable equity .
If Al Gore and their ECOCITY 2017 friends have their way , an ECOCITY will be your future . There you can “ harmonize ” with mother earth , change your consumeristic behaviors to match that of the “ eco ” enthusiasts and happily call the “ built world ” your “ human habitat ” or “ human settlement ” while “ voluntarily ” waving good-bye to your carbon emitting cars and life as you know it .
When this crowd starts talking about “ voluntarism ” they mean coercion . They mean the power of the state . Individual freedom , sadly , does n't enter into it .
From Sundance to Australia , on to the next huge carbon footprint UN-related gathering .
Reporting from Down Under ,
Debbie Bacigalupi
As devices track more and more of our lives , from how much we eat to how well we think or whether we sit up straight , it 's hard to imagine what 's left to measure . But apparently there are still openings in the quantified-self market , as evidenced by the kGoal : a virtual personal trainer for your ladybits .
If you 're female , you 've probably heard that Kegel exercises–a method of strength training for the pelvic floor–are a good idea for better health and better sex . If you happen to be pregnant , your doctor 's probably recommended a regular routine . But many women do n't actually do the exercises correctly , and even when they do , it 's the kind of thing that gets quickly abandoned because it 's a little boring .
The new kGoal device and app , now crowdfunding on Kickstarter , aims to help . A body-safe silicone pillow keeps track of exactly how well you 're squeezing and gives feedback through an app . The device also gives you a little buzz when you 've done the exercise correctly . If you want a little more incentive to keep going , yes , you can turn the vibration up .
While other products are on the market ( even tiny vagina-sized barbells ) , the designers say they do n't work as well at strength training , and , of course , they ca n't be tracked . “ Pretty much everything else that 's out there right now is passive , ” explains Jon Thomas , VP of manufacturing for Minna , the sexual health products company that designed kGoal . “ You do n't have any feedback or any transparency into whether you 're doing the exercise correctly or how you 're actually progressing . ”
Thirty percent of women do Kegels wrong , studies say . “ When people are told that to perform these exercises for the first time by their physical therapist or doctor , it 's actually really hard to make the connection between your brain and your muscles , ” Thomas explains . “ These are generally involuntary , subconsciously controlled muscles . So when someone tells you to squeeze your pelvic floor muscles or crunch them it 's not intuitively obvious at first how to do that . Our product tells you how you 're doing . ”
By tracking progress over time , just like devices like FitBit , the app also helps motivate women to keep going when they otherwise might have stopped . “ One of the key things for us is the idea of making these exercises fun , ” says Thomas . “ The biggest complaint from the physical therapist we 've been working with is compliance–just getting people to do the exercises . ”
Since Minna 's previous products were carefully designed vibrators , it 's not surprising that a little vibration is part of the product . It 's optional–some women , especially those who are doing the exercises for a health condition , might find the extra buzz annoying and decide to turn it off . But others might choose to turn it up . “ It 's a short-term reward for exercises with long-term benefits , ” Thomas says . “ We 're making something that 's traditionally very boring fun . ”
Orbán : Soros wants to remove governments that push back against the resettlement of Muslims
Via Hungary Journal
The network of US financier George Soros has “ signed up ” for Hungary 's election campaign , Prime Minister Viktor Orbán said in a radio interview on Friday .
“ The Soros network works like a party : it wants to remove and weaken governments that push back against the resettlement of Muslims , ”
Orbán told Kossuth Radio .
The prime minister said they expect the “ Soros network ” to pursue propaganda , strengthen civil groups , “ pay hundreds or thousands of people ” and set up so-called civil centres throughout the country that would function exactly like political parties do during a campaign .
Orbán said Soros had already succeeded in pushing their agenda through the European Parliament . Now that body is putting pressure on the European Council in an effort to persuade the bloc 's prime ministers to approve its decision so that the settlement of migrants can get under way , they insisted .
The prime minister said the Hungarian government had to start dealing with Soros once
“ His enormous machine … suddenly inserted itself into the migration issue , and the financial speculator put forward their plan for whose implementation they mobilised their network . Since then , this has become somewhat of a life-and-death matter for Hungary , ”
Orbán added .
“ With Soros , you always have to watch their hands instead of their mouth because a speculator is the kind of person who has a talent for talking one 's head off , ”
they said .
The “ Soros network ” wants to dismantle the fence on Hungary 's southern border because it does not want nations to be separated by borders , Orbán insisted . It wants Hungarians to be happy to receive people from cultures that are different from theirs and give them money , they said .
“ But we want a different kind of future . ”
Therefore the state has had to employ every means at its disposal , including a fresh report by the domestic intelligence services concerning the make-up , operations and influence of the “ Soros machine ” , they added .
Asked how much of the report would be released to the public , Orbán said the government had to be cautious because no country wants to expose its intelligence capabilities regarding “ hard-to-obtain information ” .
Citing a sentence from the report , Orbán said the Open Society Foundation 's report from last August indicated that it had supported “ influential players ” around the migration issue , including think-tanks , political analysis centres and civil group networks in an effort to shape migration policy and influence the processes that determine the regulation of migration .
Asked about the debate surrounding the existence of a so-called Soros plan , Orbán said it stemmed from a “ interpretation problem ” , arguing that Soros themselves had published the document they refer to as “ a plan ” .
On the topic of the government 's “ National Consultation ” public survey on the “ Soros plan ” , Orbán said the migration issue would determine Hungary 's future . It seemed that the Hungarian people had a clear position on this , they said , arguing that it took “ effort ” to respond to the survey , because people have to read the questionnaire , understand it and want to fill it out , “ possibly even discussing it with their wives or friends ” , before mailing it .
Orbán said the latest survey had been the most successful of all the “ National Consultations ” the government has organised , which , they said , indicated that Hungarians consider the issue of the “ Soros plan ” to be paramount in terms of their future .
Migration is not a partisan issue but a national one , Orbán said , arguing that if migrants are admitted to Hungary , not only Fidesz voters but all Hungarians would have to live together with them .
Asked about reports that several MEPs have urged EU funding withdrawals from Hungary due to the government 's stance on migration , Orbán said that set against every such kind of proposal were the bloc 's fundamental rules , and in any case the seven-year budget must be approved with unanimity .
On the subject of the recent CEE-China summit hosted by Hungary , the prime minister said the event had not been a diplomatic shindig but concerned the future of Hungary 's economy , and the results of the summit would be of great importance to Hungarian businesses day to day . Orbán also paid tribute to the long and enduring ties between Hungary and China . The Hungarian-Chinese relationship is not about ideology but is based “ on common sense ” , they said .
( Chris Keane/Reuters )
It 's not too early to start rebuilding from the ashes .
The party of Lincoln is in ruins . A minority of its primary voters have torched its founders ' legacy by voting for a man who combines old-school Democratic ideology , a bizarre form of hyper-violent isolationism , fringe conspiracy theories , and serial lies with an enthusiastic flock of online racists to create perhaps the most toxic electoral coalition since George Wallace . Then — to add insult to injury — multiple GOP leaders bulldozed the ashes by issuing nauseating calls for unity , foremost among them Reince Priebus :
Advertisement
. @ realDonaldTrump will be presumptive @ GOP nominee , we all need to unite and focus on defeating @ HillaryClinton # NeverClinton — Reince Priebus ( @ Reince ) May 4 , 2016
Reince , you should resign rather than spending one more ounce of personal energy supporting a reprehensible man .
Advertisement
So , what now ? If the conservative movement is to endure in the short term and prevail in the long term , it has to combine immediate short-term responses with a number of long-term strategic changes . This is a clarifying moment in American political history — a moment that gives conservatives the opportunity to act decisively , to start anew .
First , it is absolutely vital that conservatives stay firm in their opposition to Trump . For at least a generation , the Left has been arguing that American conservatism is shot through with racism , sexism , and xenophobia . And now millions of Americans will face the difficult task of rebutting charges of hateful bigotry while supporting a man who gives aid and comfort to avowed racists , incites violence , and ca n't even consistently disavow the Klan . Trump is the destroyer of conservatism , and they will taint all who take theirs side .
Advertisement
Next , donors , activists , and volunteers must go all-in to preserve the Republican majority in the House ( the Senate as well , but that 's a tall order ) . Hundreds of millions of donor dollars are sitting on the sideline , along with tens of thousands of demoralized volunteers . If the House falls , we 'll potentially see cap-and-trade , card check , expansive new gun-control regulations , and amnesty . Moreover , if the House falls , do n't assume it can be retaken with ease . A GOP that nominates Trump and potentially loses its congressional majorities risks wandering in the wilderness for years — assuming it even survives as a viable political party .
Reject the cult of celebrity in favor of building enduring , meaningful conservative cultural institutions .
Third , conservatives should double-down on their commitment to state-level political action . Multiple red-state legislatures are now stocked with constitutional conservatives who are ready and willing to implement conservative ideas in state governance . Conservatives still have an opportunity to enact policies that will preserve liberty and liberate the free market for millions of Americans — all while presenting sharp contrasts with blue states that are choking on public-employee pensions and suppressing economic activity with high taxes and burdensome regulations .
Advertisement
Fourth , reject the cult of celebrity in favor of building enduring , meaningful conservative cultural institutions . If the current election cycle has revealed anything , it 's demonstrated that large chunks of the celebrity Right — you know , the people who spent most of the last ten years or so calling out “ RINOs ” and proclaiming themselves the true arbiters of American conservatism — have proven that they 're little more than populist audience-whores , following where the lowest common denominator leads .
Advertisement
# share # Thoughtful conservative institutions , by contrast , contain multiple checks against extremism and demagoguery . They 're invested in the long game , not in capturing and extending that elusive 15 minutes of fame . A college like Hillsdale will play a vital role in rebuilding American conservatism , and — yes — so will magazines like National Review . I can think of any number of conservative institutions that are patiently making that “ long march ” through American culture . It 's time to march beside them .
Fifth , the best solution for rolling back the extraordinary growth , power , and increasing corruption of the federal government is the convention of states , the Article V remedy for a runaway president and an out-of-control Congress . If two-thirds of states submit an application for a convention to propose constitutional amendments , then any proposed amendments can be ratified by three-fourths of state legislatures — circumventing the federal government entirely .
Advertisement
# related # For some time I 've been advising the Convention of States Project . It 's making progress ( Tennessee , for example , just became the fifth state to call for a convention ) , and the Article V effort has been endorsed by conservatives such as Marc Levin , Marco Rubio , George Will , Ron Johnson , Tom Coburn , and National Review 's Andy McCarthy .
Finally , conservatives need to live their values . If we seek integrity in politics , we should act with integrity in politics . Advocate limited government while helping your neighbor . Have the courage to fight the small battles in your community , but do so with grace . Defend religious liberty for the purpose of living faithfully . Leave self-righteousness to the social-justice warriors . We know — now more than ever — that a great nation needs good citizens . It 's our obligation to be the citizens our nation needs .
So , yes , conservatives must remain steadfast in opposition to Trump , but they must do so with a plan . A rebirth is necessary . Let it begin today .
Donald Bowers/Getty Images for Fortune
“ If somebody bought Berkshire Hathaway in 1965 and they held it , they made a great investment — and their broker would have starved to death . ”
Warren E. Buffett was sitting across from me over lunch at a private club in Midtown Manhattan last week , lamenting the current state of Wall Street , which promotes a trading culture over an investing culture and offers incentives for brokers and traders to generate fees and fast profits .
“ The emphasis on trading has increased . Just look at the turnover in all of the stocks , ” they said , adding with a smile : “ Sales people have forever gotten paid by selling people something . Generally , you pay a doctor for how often they get you to change prescriptions . ”
Mr. Buffett , 82 , is famous for investing in companies that they see as solid operations and essential to the economy , like railroads , utilities and financial companies , and holds their stakes for the long run . The argument that the markets are better off today because of the enormous amount of liquidity in the stock market , a function of quick flipping and electronic trading , is a fallacy , they said .
“ You ca n't buy 10 percent of the farmland in Nebraska in three years if you set out to do it , ” they said . Yet , they pointed out , they were able to buy the equivalent of 10 percent of I.B.M . in six to eight months as a result of the market 's liquidity . “ The idea that people look at their holdings in such a way that that kind of volume exists means that to a great extent , it 's a casino game , ” they said . Of course , unlike many investors , they plan to hold their stake in I.B.M . for years .
Mr. Buffett was in a reminiscing mood about a bygone era , in part because they were in New York to make the rounds on television to discuss a new book chronicling their 61-year career , which began in 1951 at Buffett-Falk & Company in Omaha . ( After lunch , they were going to visit “ The Daily Show With Jon Stewart . ” )
The book , “ Tap Dancing to Work , ” by a longtime journalist and good friend of his , Carol Loomis of Fortune magazine , is a compendium of articles that they and others wrote in Fortune that creates a series of narratives spanning the arc of their career .
Ms. Loomis , who first met Mr. Buffett in 1967 — and whose long career is a story unto itself — also came to our lunch . Ms. Loomis may know more about Mr. Buffett than they know about himself . ( “ There 's nothing here you 're going to like , ” they said , after surveying the various pies when the dessert cart came around . They were right : they took a quick look and asked if they served ice cream . They did . )
As we talked about the “ good old days ” — they spoke of some of their early friends who were successful hedge fund investors , like Julian Robertson , who founded Tiger Management — it became clear that they were less enamored of the investor class of the next generation .
When I asked , for example , if there were any private equity investors that they admired , they flatly replied : “ No . ”
When I asked if they followed any hedge fund managers , they struggled to name any , before saying that they liked Seth Klarman , a low-key value investor who runs the Baupost Group , based in Boston .
“ They 're not as good as the old ones generally . The field has gotten swamped , so there 's so much money playing and people have been able to raise money by just saying ‘ hedge fund , ' ” they said . “ That was not the case earlier on ; you really had to have some performance for some time before people would put money with you . It 's a marketing thing . ”
For a moment , they paused , and then posited that if they started a hedge fund today , “ I 'd probably grow faster , because a record now would attract money a lot faster , ” speculating that their record of returns would attract billions of dollars from pension funds and others . But they then acknowledged a truism of investing that they know all too well , as the manager of an enterprise that is now worth some $ 220 billion : “ Then money starts getting self-defeating at a point , too . ”
Until 1969 , Mr. Buffett operated a private partnership that was akin in some ways to a modern hedge fund , except the fee structure was decidedly different . Instead of charging “ 2 and 20 ” — a 2 percent management fee and 20 percent of profits — Mr. Buffett 's investors “ keep all of the annual gains up to 6 percent ; above that level Buffett takes a one-quarter cut , ” Ms. Loomis wrote . However , in 1969 , they announced they would shutter their partnership . “ This is a market I do n't understand , ” they said , according to Ms. Loomis .
They believed that the stock market of 1968 had become wildly overpriced — and they were right . By the end of 1974 , the market took a tumble . Instead , they remained the chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway , one of their early investments .
“ If you want to make a lot of money and you own a hedge fund or a private equity fund , there 's nothing like 2 and 20 and a lot of leverage , ” they said over a lunch of Cobb salad . “ If I kept my partnership and owned Berkshire through that , I would have made even more money . ”
Mr. Buffett says they now considered themselves as much a business manager as an investor . “ The main thing I 'm doing is trying to build a business , and now we built one . Investing is part of it but it is not the main thing . ”
Today , Mr. Buffett is particularly circumspect about the investment strategies that hedge funds employ , like shorting , or betting against , a company 's stock . They used to short companies as part of a hedging strategy when they ran their partnership , but now they say that they and Charlie Munger , their longtime friend and vice chairperson of Berkshire , see it as too hard .
“ Charlie and I both have talked about it , we probably had a hundred ideas of things that would be good short sales . Probably 95 percent of them at least turned out to be , and I do n't think we would have made a dime out of it if we had been engaged in the activity . It 's too difficult , ” they explained , suggesting that the timing of short investments is crucial . “ The whole thing about ‘ longs ' is , if you know you 're right , you can just keep buying , and the lower it goes , the better you like it , and you ca n't do that with shorts . ”
One of their big worries these days is about what 's going to happen to all the pension money that is being invested in the markets , often with little success , in part because investors are constantly buying and selling securities on the advice of brokers and advisers , rather than holding them for the long term . “ Most institutional investors , whoever is in charge — whether it 's the college treasurer or the trustees of the pension fund of some state — they 're buying what they 're sold . ”
Most pension funds probably did n't buy Berkshire in 1965 and hold it , but if they had , they would have far fewer problems today . At the end of their book , Ms. Loomis notes that when they mentioned Mr. Buffett 's name for the first time in Fortune magazine in 1966 — accidentally spelling Buffett with only one “ t ” — Berkshire was trading at $ 22 a share . Today it is almost $ 133,000 a share .
At Georgetown , you always had to go through John Thompson Jr. to get to Patrick Ewing , and more than three decades later nothing much has changed . You need to enter the new campus facility named after Thompson . You need to pass the bronze statue of the bespectacled coach , whose likeness stands with arms folded and a towel dangling from their shoulder while they stare through someone in the distance .
To see Ewing , you need to go four floors up in the Thompson Center , where the elevator opens wide to an outsized picture of Ewing in their No . 33 jersey and omnipresent gray T-shirt , their 8-foot wingspan stretching from wall to wall . At 55 , roaming the hallways above the practice court while checking their cell messages , Ewing looks every bit the towering presence they were during those years in the 1980s when they made the Big East the Big East .
If you spend a few decades around basketball players , you know that standing beside 7-footers like Ewing as an average-size man can be an interesting experience . Some appear to be a mere 6-foot-8 . Ewing ? They always appeared to be 7-foot-4 .
They are Georgetown 's head coach now . In other words , they have Thompson 's job in Thompson 's building , where Thompson still keeps an office . The man who first called Ewing and told them they needed to pursue this opening ? John Thompson Jr. , right after their son , John Thompson III , was fired by the very school their old man put on the basketball map .
It was an awkward series of events , but it made sense , too , since Big John has always looked after Bigger Patrick . Thompson started protecting Ewing in 1981 , when the center from Cambridge , Massachusetts , ended the mother of all high school recruiting wars in an announcement at a Boston restaurant owned by Thompson 's former Celtics teammate Satch Sanders . The coach had made quite an impression in their visit with the Ewing family . `` He spoke extremely well ; they carried themselves with class , '' Ewing recalls . `` And as a young black man , they were somebody I could be like . '' The recruit was most struck by Thompson 's way with words . `` I was mesmerized . ''
Ewing wanted Thompson to keep doing the talking for them at Georgetown , where `` Hoya paranoia '' was born of the restricted access to the phenom . `` A lot of times , '' Ewing recalls , `` he took the hit , especially for me , if I did n't speak . ... I did n't like speaking to the media . Growing up in Boston , I learned from a young age that the media builds you up , and at a certain point they start chopping you down . ''
But all these years later , Thompson wo n't be able to protect Ewing from anything . Big John remains a father confessor to Ewing , and yet they will not be making halftime speeches or diagramming plays on the board . This is Ewing 's program now . They have never been a head coach on any level , and they will rise or fall on their own .
Enough people out there believe they will fall and that there must be a good reason nobody in the NBA offered them a head-coaching job despite their Hall of Fame playing career and the better part of 15 years as an NBA assistant . And there are plenty of legitimate questions to ask about this monumental gamble Ewing is taking . Can they adjust to college basketball after being away from it for more than 30 years ? Can they navigate the sport 's overwhelmingly corrupt feeder system and outrecruit opposing coaches who have far more experience delivering the pitch ? Do they have the requisite charisma to persuade some of the nation 's top high school players to sign with Georgetown ?
`` The college basketball lifestyle is awful , '' says Jeff Van Gundy , one of Ewing 's coaches with the New York Knicks . `` The job in the NBA is 90 percent coaching , 10 percent everything else . The job in college is 30 percent basketball , 70 percent everything else . ''
If the doubters believe that 70 percent will ultimately doom Ewing , their backstory suggests they might just find a way to return the Hoyas to national prominence . Though it is n't a story they told in their 15 years in New York , where they guarded their inner thoughts as fiercely as they guarded the paint , the Jamaican-born Ewing defines themselves as an immigrant who made good against the longest of odds . When they moved to the U.S. at age 12 , the idea of Ewing someday becoming the face of one of the nation 's leading academic institutions was n't within 10 country miles of possibility .
They made it happen anyway . So Ewing believes they will weather their new career challenges the way they weathered their stormy transition to a new world , shaped by the cancer of racism , to become what they became .
`` I 'm what America 's all about , '' Ewing says . They mean the good and the bad .
Patrick Ewing is a problem solver . To understand where they might go with this attempted Georgetown reconstruction , you have to understand where he 's been , what he 's seen and what he 's conquered .
Ewing had dreams of becoming the next Pele when they moved to America in the mid-1970s , just as Pele started turning the New York Cosmos into an iconic disco-era brand . Ewing had been a soccer and cricket player in Jamaica , but when they arrived in the Cambridge office of Steve Jenkins , junior high basketball coach , the dreamer was little more than a lost soul in a strange land .
Classmates mocked their size and Jamaican patois . A friend named Richard Burton had introduced Patrick to basketball , and the older playground players laughed at their awkward attempts to execute even the most fundamental moves . Burton mentioned Ewing to Jenkins , a bearded white man raised in the predominantly black Boston neighborhood of Roxbury . The coach figured Patrick could learn the game while playing for their team at the Achievement School , an alternative program that helped young immigrants with their English .
The kid asked Jenkins nearly every day if they could stay after practice and work on passing , boxing out , turnaround jumpers , you name it . The origin of their work ethic was easy to trace . Patrick 's mother , Dorothy , was the first of the Ewings to leave Kingston , Jamaica , for Massachusetts . They were what their son called a `` maid-slash-nanny '' who ended up doing double shifts in the kitchen at Massachusetts General Hospital . Carl Sr. , a mechanic in Jamaica , followed their wife to Cambridge , where they would work as a laborer . Soon all seven Ewing children -- five girls , two boys -- left for the U.S. , and the family settled in a five-room home inside a three-decker near the Charles River .
Patrick counted five Ewings in one bedroom . Visitors to the home recalled seeing a bedsheet used as a makeshift bedroom door . Dorothy used to tell people that their family was poor but never wanted for anything , and they made it clear they did n't much care about Patrick 's gift for playing ball , insisting that they spend their summers focused on the Upward Bound program at Wellesley College . On Ewing 's way into high school , Jenkins suggested they might want to take general math instead of algebra to ease the transition . Ewing angrily dismissed the idea and did just fine with Algebra 1 .
They grew to 6-9 as a first-year student , 6-11 as a sophomore , and they were a four-year varsity player at Cambridge Rindge and Latin , first for Tim Mahoney and then for Mike Jarvis , who met Ewing shortly after they arrived in the country . Jenkins made the introduction and asked the future head coach at St. John 's to help refine Patrick 's skills . This was during the turbulent time of forced busing in Boston to desegregate the city 's schools . Rindge was a team of African-American students with an African-American head coach , traveling to play in the largely white suburbs . Many who lived in these suburbs , Jarvis says , `` were folks who had left Boston . They were part of the white flight . Maybe it was too black for them in Boston , and it was very racist at the time .
`` We had the No . 1 player and the No . 1 team . ... We were the hunted . Everybody wanted to beat us and nobody could . ''
In their early days in Cambridge , Ewing says , they needed to ask a friend what the N-word meant . They knew all too well by their high school days . Jenkins recalled hearing a fan and an opponent direct the word at Patrick -- then a first-year student -- during a game in Brockton , hometown of Rocky Marciano and Marvin Hagler , and advising Patrick not to punch back . `` I think they were talking to the wrong guy , '' Jenkins said . `` All Patrick learned to say was , 'Look at the scoreboard . ' ''
Rindge once had its bus tires slashed and windows broken and two players sent to the hospital to treat cuts caused by a thrown brick and shattered glass . The Warriors were never deterred by the ignorance and hate . They routinely shredded their opponents , and major college coaches from all over assembled at their games .
In a February 1981 news conference attended by some 150 reporters , Ewing , dressed in a three-piece suit , announced they were picking Georgetown . ( Today they say UCLA was their runner-up . ) But before he 'd play for Thompson , Ewing had to play before an angry standing-room-only crowd in their final high school game , for the state title against Boston College High , which sent many of its students to Boston College . Some of the Boston College High fans verbally vented over their college choice : `` Ewing ca n't read , '' they chanted .
The hostility intensified after Jarvis ' letter to all schools recruiting him , outlining Ewing 's need for academic support , was made public . Jarvis informed the schools that Ewing needed daily tutoring , untimed testing , permission to use a tape recorder in class and a program to develop and monitor their basic skills -- all within NCAA guidelines . During Ewing 's final high school game , Jenkins recalled , `` Patrick leaned over to me and told me , 'You know , Mr. Jenkins , they may think I ca n't read , but I sure can count the money they 'll pay to see me play in the NBA . ' ''
Ewing had nothing left to prove at Rindge , yet they remembered that in their first high school game , as a first-year student , he 'd fouled out and scored one point against Boston College High . They told their mother before the rematch three years later that they wanted to score 40 points as payback . They ended up scoring 41 -- 30 on dunks -- in a victory that gave them a third straight state title and 77 victories in 78 games . Says Gerry Corcoran , the 6-6 opponent assigned to guard him : `` The young kid I played against in high school was the same competitor who never changed at Georgetown or with the Knicks . Pat played one way . It was ferocious and to make a point . ''
A new Ransomware-as-a-Service ( RaaS ) portal that recently launched on the Dark Web is peddling access to a fully-working ransomware distribution network for extremely low prices .
Called Ranion , this new RaaS service was discovered by Radware security researcher Daniel Smith , who found it indexed on a Dark Web URL indexing service .
Despite claims that Ranion was created for `` educational purposes only , '' the group behind this new service is selling access to its ransomware distribution network for prices of 0.95 Bitcoin/year ( $ 960/year ) or 0.6 Bitcoin/6 months ( $ 605/6 months ) .
Ranion RaaS homepage Ranion RaaS FAQ page
According to the Ranion crew , each buyer will receive access to a pre-configured ransomware payload that works on both 32-bit and 64-bit Windows PCs , but also to a backend panel hosted on the crook 's Tor hidden service ( .onion site ) .
When you will execute the Ransomware.exe it will encrypt any configured file type within PC ( searching for files on C-Z HDDs ) using an AES 256 key generated that will be sent to your C & C Dashboard . When finished it will create some README files on Desktop ( in different languages ) ( already present eng , rus , ger , fra , esp , ita ) and a banner message that will be executed to every Boot ( providing details for payment to your Client ) . Our Ransomware does n't destroy your PC by encrypting exe files . Ex files will be not encrypted unless you want to do it .
By default , the Ranion ransomware will target the following file types , but crooks said they 're willing to expand the list with new extensions if customers want to target more of the user 's data .
.txt , .rtf , .doc , .docx , .xls , .xlsx , .ppt , .pptx , .odt , .ods , .jpg , .jpeg , .png , .bmp , .csv , .sql , .mdb , .db , .accdb , .sln , .php , .jsp , .asp , .aspx , .html , .htm , .xml , .psd , .cs , .java , .cpp , .cc , .cxx , .zip , .pst , .ost , .pab , .oab , .msg
The Ranion gang also claims that their ransomware is undetected by 90 % of all antivirus products . Bleeping Computer was n't able to identify a Ranion sample to test the group 's claims .
Ranion RaaS does n't take a cut from ransom payments
What 's different from other RaaS services is that the Ranion group does n't ask for a cut from the buyer 's ransom fees . Usually , RaaS services ask between 20 % and 60 % from a ransom payment , on top of the RaaS rental fee .
Ranion 's cheaper business model might attract more buyers , but many will also question if Ranion is a scam . To dispell any potential rumors that they might be secretly hijacking ransom payments , the Ranion crew is allowing buyers to test their service .
Last but not least , the rental fee also includes access to the Ranion dashboard , which will provide buyers with information such as the ID of infected computers , the workstations ' usernames , and each victim 's AES decryption key .
If victims pay , the Ranion RaaS provides a decrypter that `` renters '' can send to affected users and allow them to recover their files .
Ranion RaaS contact page
Authors of the Ranion `` for educational purposes only '' RaaS listed only an email address where potential buyers can get in contact .
This is also when Ranion customers will be able to customize their ransomware , as they 'll have to send over details to the Ranion authors such as the Bitcoin address where victims need to pay the ransom , an email address where infected victims can reach out for support , the price victims need to pay in Bitcoins , and a optional crypter to mask the ransomware even more from antivirus scanners .
After the transaction goes through , customers will receive two links , one for their Ranion backend panel , and one where they download the ransomware binary customized with their settings , and the decrypter they can send to customers to unlock encrypted files .
RaaS portals becoming more popular
Ranion 's business model lowers the entry fee into the ransomware market , and the service 's ease of use makes it accessible even to non-technical users .
`` Its actually kind of worrying to see how easily accessible attack services can be , '' Smith told Bleeping Computer yesterday .
In the past two years , RaaS services have grown in number , but usually , these are associated with ransomware families that made a name for themselves , such as the Petya+Mischa RaaS provided by the Janus Cybercrime team .
Getty Images
Steve Spurrier has written a book reflecting on their coaching career , and a big chunk of that book is devoted to their least successful stop , in Washington .
Spurrier , who went 12-20 in 2002-03 in their only stint as an NFL head coach , says that the biggest lesson owner Dan Snyder needed to learn was that they could n't be their own General Manager .
“ I think he 's doing it the right way now , ” Spurrier said of Snyder , via the New York Times . “ When I was coaching , they were the general manager and the personnel director . I thought they were going to hire someone else as general manager . ”
Spurrier said at the time they took the job that they thought Snyder was going to coax the legendary G.M . Bobby Beathard out of retirement .
“ I thought they were going to be my general manager , ” Spurrier said of Beathard . “ That did n't work out . After two years , I learned the NFL was not for me . I 'm more a college style of coach . It maybe helped me learn that . ”
Spurrier was one of the all-time great coaches in college football . It was wise of them to realize they are n't suited to the NFL . Even if there 's a part of them that wonders if they might have succeeded in the NFL , if only someone other than Snyder had been choosing the players .
A serviceman of the 175th Signals and Control Brigade of the Southern Military District with SPR-2M Rtut-BM system in the background
One of InformNapalm 's focus areas is discovery and identification of special equipment used by the Russian Army in the Donbas : communications , electronic reconnaissance , and electronic warfare systems . Over more than two years of the community 's volunteers ' activities , they have detected a number of different systems , including the latest types , which are in service exclusively with the Russian Army . This report is dedicated not only to the fact of discovery of an electronic warfare system Rtut-BM , but also to the selfie-loving Russian servicemen , who exposed that piece of special equipment in addition to the fact of their illegal ‘ Ukrainian mission ' .
The identified persons are servicemen of the 175th Signals and Control Brigade of the Southern Military District ( military unit 01957 ) based in the town of Aksay , Rostov Oblast . The base includes a control and communications unit , as well as several so-called camp-divisions .
The 175th Brigade is tasked with ensuring communications between the senior command and the headquarters of the Southern Military District , and the functioning of various control systems , both stationary and mobile . The unit has the latest specialized satcom equipment . The personnel are actively involved in the adoption of the newest equipment and combat training , including taking part in large-scale training exercises Caucasus-2016 .
Now , let us introduce the subjects :
Dmitriy Kartashov , date of birth May 20 , 1993 – Russian contract serviceman from the 175th Brigade . Noticed in Ukraine .
In the photo a football goal can be seen in the distance in the field located across the road from military unit 01957 . The place is marked on the map .
Note the photo of the Russian servicemen with EW systems in the background . The outlines of the cab are typical for all RB-341V Leer-3 EW systems . Snapshots of this equipment are easy to find on the net : it was seen in Syria , and many times in the occupied Donbas .
Roman Roshko ( currently using the alias ‘ Roman Romanenko ' in their social network profiles ) – a Russian contract serviceman from the 175th Brigade . Date of birth June 11 , 1995 . At the very least , noticed on the border with Ukraine .
Ivan Remizov – a serviceman of a reconnaissance unit of the 18th Motorized Rifle Brigade ( military unit 27777 based in Khankala and Kalynovskaya in Chechnya ) , part of the 58th Army of the Southern Military District.Born in Volgograd in 1975 . In April , 2016 , being nostalgic for the so-called ‘ Ukrainian mission ' , they posted some pictures . Read more about them in a related report published on June 5 , 2016 .
But we should go back to Dmitry Kartashov , who could not resist the temptation to make a selfie using as the background Russian military equipment located in the occupied part of the Donbas , although they cowardly hid their face under a balaclava .
For comparison , here are two photos of the Russian military criminal 's face :
A serviceman of the 175th with SPR-2M Rtut-BM system in the background , standing on Ukrainian land
Note : SPR-2M Rtut-BM is a modern electronic warfare system designed to reduce the impact of artillery rounds on friendly troops and armored vehicles by influencing the operation of radio controlled proximity fuses . SPR-2 is able to cause premature explosion at a safe height or switch the fuse into contact mode . The main areas of use are advance troops , command posts , concentrations of troops and missile launchers . Also , Rtut-BM can be used to protect moving objects at pontoon bridge crossings . For more details about the first discovery of a Rtut-BM system in the Donbas , read the related report published on August 17 , 2016 .
Terrain analysis ( we would like to thank Twitter user @ 5urpher for their help with geolocation ) confirms that the photo was taken in the area near a small coalmine next to the village of Elizavetivka in Antratsitovskiy district – within the part of Luhansk Oblast occupied by Russia .
This report was prepared by Vidal Sorokin & Victory Krm
Translated by Mc Joy
Edited by Max Alginin
Special correspondent Oscar Swartz reports .
STOCKHOLM – The Pirate Bay prosecutor altered the copyright-infringement charges Tuesday to make it easier to convict the four defendants who co-founded the world 's most notorious BitTorrent tracker .
Moments later , Hollywood investigators testified about the ease with which they obtained copyright works using the 5-year-old site .
But at the outset of Tuesday 's proceedings , the prosecutor , Håkan
Roswall , announced a alteration of the charges , which legal scholars suggested would make it more likely to win a conviction .
The prosecutor removed one sentence from the part of their summons where the purported crimes are described . Until Tuesday , it read :
`` The Pirate Bay consists of three sub-components : an index portal in the form of a website with search functionality , a database with related directory containing the torrent files , and a tracker feature .
The tracker feature creates a 'peer-to-peer ' network of users who want to share the same file . All components are necessary for the users of the service to share files between them . ''
In the altered version , they removed the concluding sentence starting with `` All components . ''
Daniel Westman , a legal scholar at `` The Swedish Law and Informatics
Research Institute '' at Stockholm University , suggested the prosecutor likely feels uncertain that they can prove all three elements .
`` The question is whether the defendants fulfill the requirements in the penal code for complicity in a crime . One could maybe argue that the degree of complicity were higher if all three components could be proven , but the court may as well decide that only one or two is enough , '' Westman said .
The crowd at the Pirate Bay trial here was noticeably smaller when the proceedings continued Tuesday after being dark Monday . Last week , there were overflowing hordes of onlookers when the four Pirate Bay defendants took the stand in the trial 's opening days .
Apparently in the same clothing as Friday , the defendants sat in the back of the courtroom flanked by their lawyers , while two piracy busters who gathered evidence of illegal file sharing took the witness stand .
Magnus Mårtensson , a lawyer for the International Federation of Phonographic Industries — the worldwide counterpart of the Recording Industry Association of America — testified they visited The Pirate Bay site and looked for `` Intensive Care '' by Robbie Williams , downloaded the torrent file and started their copy of BitTorrent client Azureus .
They showed the courtroom screen shots of the beginning of the download and after it had finished . They testified it was the copyright property of EMI .
Anders Nilsson , a former police officer now working for the Anti-Piracy Bureau , seemed technically savvier and displayed to the gallery fuller printouts of activities and peers for various downloads .
Defense lawyer Per E. Samuelson went through the Robbie Williams case in detail and pointed out that someone with a nickname `` russiananorak '' had uploaded the torrent . When asked if Mårtensson or IFPI had done anything to find this uploader or any of the four peers that they downloaded the work from , the answer was `` No . '' The same answer was given to similar questions put to Nilsson .
It was all part of the Pirate Bay defendants ' defense : The 5-year-old site with about 22 million users does n't infringe copyrighted works , but rather points the way to where chunks of files of copyright works can be accumulated and automatically assembled into full copies of copyright material .
Pirate Bay co-founders Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , Peter
Sunde and Carl Lundström face up to two years in prison each , in addition to fines as high as $ 180,000 .
But the stated defense might not help the four skirt Swedish law . The four defendants are not accused of committing copyright infringement directly . They are accused of `` complicity in a crime '' through facilitating copyright infringement .
The case against the Pirate Bay is not Sweden 's only battle against file sharing .
The Swedish Parliament is expected to adopt a proposal on Wednesday that , for the first time , would make it possible for rights holders to force ISPs to hand out information about their subscribers , so they can be sued for copyright infringement .
`` It will make it possible for wealthy industries to act as a private police force and bankrupt ordinary families with children , just like in neighboring Denmark , '' said Christian Engstrom , a Pirate Party candidate for the EU Parliament .
Over the weekend , three Lund University sociology scholars wrote in the op-ed pages of Sweden 's largest daily , Dagens Nyheter , that 75 percent of Sweden 's youth does not care what the law says about illegal downloading . They predicted a general erosion of support for the legal system if laws are too far removed from the opinions of the masses .
The Pirate Bay , meanwhile , celebrated a public relations victory of sorts late Friday when it was awarded the Freedom Prize of 2008 by the Stockholm section of the Moderate Youth Party .
Trial continues Wednesday , when John Kennedy , the IFPI international chairperson and CEO , is expected to testify .
Wired.com is providing gavel-to-gavel coverage .
See Also :
As an essential part of your skates ' performance , your bearings have to be closely looked after . You do n't always necessarily have to dismantle them . But if this is the only option left , here are a couple of tips to do your best .
Try to avoid dismantling your bearings so far as possible .
Firstly : You do n't necessarily have to dismantle your bearings at each cleaning .
As far as possible , avoid doing so as it is a painful operation for the equipment : loss in waterproof enclosure , distortion of the caps and balls – most of the time , the gain is n't worth the potential risks .
The less mistreated the more waterproof . Do not dismantle or only if necessary ( water , sand , screeching… )
A light and efficient maintenance
Just like for cars or machines the maintenance of which must be regular .
Check your equipment every 5 to 10 outings , or according to the intensity of your practice and to the weather .
Start with :
Taking the wheels off of the frame ,
Cleaning the surface of the bearings , without taking them off of the wheels , with a toothbrush , kitchen paper or an air gun ,
Making circles on the surface to take off the film of dust ,
Using the occasion to give the frame a quick wipe and brush .
During a race…
If you do n't have the time and/or the tools for the maintenance , use 3-in-1 oil !
Spray on each bearing , spinning the wheels slowly in order to spread the oil uniformly ,
Then spin the wheels faster to take off the surplus ,
Clean up the wheels with kitchen paper or a rag to avoid slipping and falling on a remaining drop of oil .
Taking off the bearing to check its nature
Step 1 : taking the bearing off of the wheel
Your bearings are stuck because your skates remained in a corner a few hours or a few days too many . All you 've got left is to get your tools and take a couple of hours to dismantle them .
At first you have to take the bearings off of the wheels . If you do n't know how to proceed , check out : How to take your bearings off of your wheels
Tools needed for the maintenance of bearings
Grease removing agent
Oil , grease or gel to lubricate
Needle or pin to extract the circlips
Waterproof container ( i.e . original box , aspirin tube )
Rag or kitchen paper
Step 2 : cleaning the surface
Once the bearing is extracted from the wheel , you have to get rid of the dust at the surface in order to determine more easily which type is your bearing .
If you have already cleaned the surface before taking the bearing off of the wheel , you can finish up with kitchen paper .
Use a toothbrush to expel the dust ,
Make circles from the inside to the outside of the bearing , in order to avoid the dirt to enter the cage under the cap ,
End up with getting rid of the surplus of grease with kitchen paper .
Tip : For cleaning the bore ( central hole ) , fold the corner of a kitchen paper to slip on the bearing , this will take off the dirt quickly .
Step 3 : check the type of bearing
Then you have to make sure that your bearings may be dismantled . Back in the days you could find a lot of indications on the surface of caps ( types of bearings , etc . ) , but because of marketing , caps have become advertising spaces where all the useful info have disappeared most of the time !
Warning ! Some bearings may not be dismantled ! Check first :
Elastomer ( plastic ) caps for 608DD bearings
Metal caps for 608ZZ ( there are also circlips on those )
Set bearings may only be lubricated with 3-in-1 oil , not dismantled .
Dismantling of a 608ZZ bearing with metal caps
& amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ;
Step 2 : taking off the caps
For metal caps , you have to take off the circlips ( metal rings in the shape of a C ) in lifting one end with a needle . This is a long and meticulous operation but it is needed if the bearings are really dirty .
A quick overlook will enable you to judge of the state of the balls . If they are starting to rust then your bearing is approaching the end .
Step 3 : Grease removing
Immerse the bearings in a waterproof container full of grease removing agent or “ white spirit ” ( the latter may be corrosive for your bearings )
Shake energetically to separate the dirt from the bearings ( protect your eyes in case of splashing )
Allow the agent to act 5 minutes
Take off the bearings of the liquid
Display them on a kitchen paper , it will absorb the liquid
Step 4 : drying
Drying the bearings before greasing them is important .
Spin the bearings on their axes , the agent will go off with the centrifugal force
Finish in wiping with kitchen paper .
Tip : You can use an air gun , but do n't spin your bearings too fast or too long without lubricant . If you use this technique , protect your eyes from splashes .
Step 5 : lubrication
Depending on your use , the season and your financial means . If you 're a speed skater , forget about grease and opt for bearing oil or gel .
If you 're a street skater and you do n't really want to bother about maintenance , choose grease , particularly in winter time as it improves waterproof enclosure . It will protect your bearings from bad weather and secure a good life expectancy .
You can use oil but being more liquid that grease , it does n't protect the bearings as well and you 'll have to check more often .
Tip : Whatever the lubricant , a few drops are enough . Do n't drown your bearings ; they will disgorge the surplus on the wheels , making them slip ! Moreover , grease catches dust .
Step 6 : reassembling and taking off of the surplus of lubricant
Put back the caps
Put back the circlips
Spin your bearings in-between your fingers as fast as possible to eject the surplus of lubricant
Clean the surface of the bearing
That 's it !
Bearings with elastomer caps
The task is easy and similar to the previous case :
Insert the pin between the cap and the central axis of the bearing
Pry carefully : the caps are flexible and fragile
Lift , the cap goes off , there is no circlip
& amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; nbsp ;
A couple of tips to clean ...
Everybody have their own special recipes as for bearing maintenance…
For grease removal : the gherkin jar technique
This is an easy solution to avoid dirtying your fingers in fishing out the bearings in the bottom of the container : keep your gherkin jars with the basket !
Thanks to Slide59
Scalding your bearings in hot water
The swirls will take off all the dirt from the balls and the axes… the grease removes by itself with this technique – no grease removing agent needed .
Compressed air
The most efficient and fast remains the pressurized water gun and the air gun ( it 's also the most playful – who does n't want to hold a gun ? )
It 's extremely fast and clean . Put your bearings in-between two metal shelves/grilles/drains or on a long screw or whatever , in order that the bearings do n't go away .
If you hold your bearings in your hand , wear gloves to avoid metal splinters . Wear security glasses too to protect your eyes from any spitting .
Bont bearing cleaner
Recently , we have tested the bearing cleaner by Bont – and we must say that it does work pretty well .
Concept : the bearing is put on an axis spinning very fast in some liquid . The centrifugal force evacuates the dirt .
See how it works here
Lubricating
Whatever the lubricant , you can put it in a syringe for more precision .
Leave a drop of grease between each ball , but not too much
Reassemble the circlip
Spin the bearing on its axis to take off the surplus of grease and finish with a rag .
Thanks to Franklin for their tips
A good tip to take the rust off of your bearings
Dunk your rusted or seized up bearings into L.H.M . ( Citroën brake fluid ) for one night .
On the next day , spin them a bit to take off the rust , then clean them with a grease removing agent and re-grease them . They will be like new !
Thanks to Jean-Seb
Maintenance of your spacers
If they are made of plastic , just check from time to time that they did n't explode . If they are made of metal , just take off the dust .
Warning : if you want to change your spacers , there are different references and two diameters : 7 and 8 millimeters .
Useful Links
Inverting and looking after your inline skate wheels
How to clean and take care of your bearings ?
How to extract bearings from wheels ?
Maintenance of inline skate boots
The maintenance of your skate frame
Test : ILQ-X MR2 Twincam bearings
Video demo of how the DS Innov key works
Bont Bearing Cleaner by Moana ( French )
By Alfathor
Translated by Chloé Seyres
Pictures : Alfathor
I did n't think I 'd ever see the day when a Republican president equated America with Russia — and did so in a way that echoed the worst of fever-swamp radical leftism . There has already been enough commentary on Trump 's headline-grabbing initial response to Bill O'Reilly 's claim that Vladimir Putin is a “ killer. ” Trump said , “ There are a lot of killers . We have a lot of killers . Well , you think our country is so innocent ? ” I 'd like to focus on the follow-up , when O'Reilly gave them an opportunity to amend their statement :
O'REILLY : I do n't know of any government leaders that are killers . TRUMP : Well — take a look at what we 've done , too . We made a lot of mistakes . I 've been against the war in Iraq from the beginning . O'REILLY : Yes , mistakes are different than – TRUMP : We made a lot of mistakes , OK , but a lot of people were killed . So , a lot of killers around , believe me .
In response , I 'm reminded of a quote from our founder , William F. Buckley , Jr. :
[ T ] o say that the CIA and the KGB engage in similar practices is the equivalent of saying that the man who pushes an old lady into the path of a hurtling bus is not to be distinguished from the man who pushes an old lady out of the path of a hurtling bus : on the grounds that , after all , in both cases someone is pushing old ladies around .
Advertisement
Advertisement
When I was a young man living for the first time in the heart of leftist America , I was stunned at the number of books and lectures that made the case that there was no moral difference between the United States and its enemies . Some even went so far as to declare that we were somehow worse than the Soviets — or on some kind of par with Imperial Japan for Nazi Germany because , after all , we dropped a nuclear weapon . We engaged in area bombing . They killed . We killed . What 's the difference ?
Trump 's point echoes these slanders , and it does so in a way that impugns not just our national honor but also the integrity of the American fighting man ( after all , who else is doing the killing ? ) Yet there are fundamental moral and legal differences between Russia and America . Russian forces act with utter disregard for the laws of war . American forces go beyond the requirements of the laws of war to safeguard innocent life . Russia is acting on behalf of a genocidal tyrant , seeking to extend their reign . America acted to depose a genocidal tyrant , terminating their rule . America had just legal cause for war in Iraq — Saddam Hussein violated Gulf War cease-fire agreements and U.N. resolutions while continually shooting at American pilots and trying to kill an American president — while Russia had no just cause to invade Ukraine . America 's wars are not like Russia 's wars , and American warriors can not be lumped in with Putin 's killers .
It was heartening to see a number of GOP lawmakers condemn Trump 's remarks , but Trump themselves has to stop equating America and Russia . He 's done it before , and I suspect they may do it again . By doing so , he 's not only obscuring the truth , he 's injecting nonsensical moral relativism into American foreign policy — a relativism that can undermine national resolve in the face of an increasing Russian threat . Ultimately , our nation is only as resolute as its people , and Trump is blurring the lines between American virtues and Russian wrongs . In the event of a future crisis , Trump 's words could prove not just misguided , but dangerous .
Minimum wages are increasingly popular with politicians and the public ; even most economists now agree that they have little or no negative effect on employment . Alan Manning discusses this newfound enthusiasm – and the likelihood that it will lead to much higher minimum wages in some parts of the world .
There was a time when the minimum wage was seen as a backwater of labour market policy , an appendix for which the best one could hope would be that it did not cause any problems . But no longer : in many countries , there is now a strong movement to raise minimum wages .
In November last year , Angela Merkel finally announced that Germany would be introducing a minimum wage , replacing or supplementing the current system that sets minima in a small number of lowpaying sectors and collective bargaining that sets minima in some other industries . In May this year , Swiss voters will be asked to vote on the world 's highest minimum wage – 22 Swiss francs an hour ( about £15 ) – with one canton already having voted for that rate in principle though another has rejected it . And in 2011 , the free market redoubt of Hong Kong introduced a national minimum wage .
In the United States , President Obama seems to have given up hope of their proposal to raise the federal minimum wage to $ 10 per hour in the face of an impasse in Congress . But they have recently used their executive power to impose a $ 10.10 minimum wage on the few hundred thousand people who work on federal contracts .
The president is also actively encouraging states and cities to raise their local minimum wages , thus bypassing the obstacles in Washington . Increasing numbers of them are doing so , and some are going further : Seattle 's mayor , for example , proposes a $ 15 minimum wage . Minimum wages at this level – about 60 % of median hourly earnings – are pushing the envelope of what has ever before been attempted with the minimum wage .
The UK is not immune from this newfound enthusiasm for the minimum wage , with all the main political parties seemingly falling over themselves to find some way to inject new vigour into the National Minimum Wage . Last autumn , the business secretary Vince Cable wrote to the Low Pay Commission ( LPC ) , asking it to consider the economic circumstances in which the minimum wage could be increased at a rate above inflation . And the Labour Party has set up a Low Pay Review to consider options .
Not to be outdone , Chancellor George Osborne in January expressed the opinion that the nascent recovery means that the minimum wage can now be increased substantially . Without quite saying it in so many words , they dropped a heavy hint that they thought £7 an hour would be reasonable within 18 months , which would be a 10 % increase from the current rate of £6.31 .
I was a member of an expert panel convened by the Resolution Foundation and chaired by the LPC 's first chairperson George Bain to reinvigorate the National Minimum Wage . Central to our ideas was that the LPC has been very successful in doing a limited thing – setting a minimum wage to tackle extreme low pay . But the wider problem of low pay remains as serious as ever and – in spite of its name – the LPC has never attempted to develop a strategy for this bigger problem . The LPC seems to have convinced itself that the minimum wage could not be pushed much higher without threatening jobs , but the consequence is that we can never learn whether that judgment is correct .
So what explains this widespread enthusiasm for the minimum wage ? In my view , both economics and politics are at play .
The economics of minimum wages
A generation ago , the vast majority of economists would have said that a rise in the minimum wage inevitably costs jobs . This has changed , with two strands of research having the biggest impact . In the United States , the work of David Card and Alan Krueger , then both at Princeton University , shattered the cosy consensus and argued that the actual evidence linking the minimum wage to job losses was weak . Although their findings were controversial ( and the debates rumble on to the present day ) , there has been a large shift in the weight of academic opinion .
The other strand of research that has been very influential examined the UK experience , with CEP researchers playing a sizeable role , though not the only one . Some people predicted that the introduction of the National Minimum Wage in 1999 would cause hundreds of thousands of job losses , but this simply did not materialise . Any impact on employment seemed to be tiny and LPC research has reached similar conclusions for subsequent years when the minimum wage rose faster than average earnings . In spite of this accumulating empirical evidence , it is still common to find economists fall ing back on the argument that a minimum wage must cost jobs because demand curves for labour inevitably slope downwards . Faced with a conflict between the evidence and twentieth century economic models , they reject the evidence rather than the theory – not an ideal template for scientific endeavour . But there are , in fact , uncomplicated theoretical reasons why the minimum wage set at modest levels has little or no effect on employment .
First , the increase in total labour costs associated with a given increase in the legal minimum wage is often considerably smaller than the numbers suggest . As the minimum wage rises and work becomes more attractive , labour turnover rates and absenteeism tend to decline . Moreover , the cost associated with losing a job rises ; so , arguably , workers are inclined to work a bit harder and need less monitoring . Of course , an employer could voluntarily choose to pay higher wages if net labour costs actually fell , so a reasonable guess here is that these offsetting economies reduce , but do not eliminate , the impact of a rise in wage rates .
Then there 's the gap between employer perception and reality . Individual employers often view a rise in wages with horror , assuming it will drive them out of business . But all too often , they are implicitly assuming that they alone will suffer the cost inflation when it affects their competitors as well . Prices rise a bit and the effect on employment is only through the effect of a fall in sales , which may well be minimal .
But there is a more fundamental reason why there is no evidence of the job losses predicted by standard economic theory . The key assumption – that labour markets are highly competitive – is often wrong . The view of the labour market that underlies ‘ Economics 101 ' is not one that many people would recognise . For in this hypothetical world , losing a job is no big deal because finding an identical job is no harder than discovering that the local Sainsbury 's is out of milk and going to Tesco instead .
But that is not most people 's experience of labour markets . The reality is that competition for workers is not as strong as many economists would have you believe . An employer who cuts wages will find that most employees are unhappy , but that few will just walk out of the door . So it may make economic sense for employers to pay workers less than the marginal worker adds to revenues . In this more realistic world , a rise in the minimum wage will not necessarily price the marginal worker out of their job .
The politics of minimum wages
Academics might like to think their research has a big influence over public policy , but the driving force behind higher minimum wages is that they are very popular . Many people think there is something very wrong with an economic system in which someone who works hard is still unable to provide an adequate standard of living for themselves and their families . Such views have always been common , but they are much more common after the crisis when living standards are threatened and the link between growth and living standards seems to have been severed .
So in most countries of the world , voters ( including right-wing voters ) support rises in the minimum wage . In the UK , a poll in January 2014 found 66 % favouring a substantial increase in the minimum wage – with majorities among supporters of all main political parties . In the United States , a poll in March 2013 found 71 % in favour of raising the minimum wage , including 50 % of Republicans . In Switzerland , voters seem to support the record-breaking minimum wage even as it is opposed by their government .
In some places , these political pressures will almost certainly lead to much higher minimum wages than we have seen in recent experience – perhaps to around the 60 % of median earnings mark . This is the point at which many economists get nervous that negative effects on employment must surely kick in , but we do not have many studies to know whether these concerns are valid . There are only a few countries around this level currently – Australia and New Zealand ( with low current unemployment rates ) and France ( with a more dysfunctional labour market ) – so this is hardly conclusive one way or the other . But it seems likely we may be about to find out .
Note : This article was originally published in the Spring issue of the Centrepiece magazine and gives the views of the author , and not the position of the British Politics and Policy blog , nor of the London School of Economics . Please read our comments policy before posting . Homepage image credit : Wisconsin Jobs Now .
About the Author
Alan Manning is professor of economics at LSE and director of CEP 's community research programme . Their 2003 book , Monopsony in Motion : Imperfect Competition in Labour Markets ( Princeton University Press ) , explains the theory behind minimum wages ; and their 2009 CentrePiece article ‘ The UK 's National Minimum Wage ' describes CEP 's role in providing the intellectual context for the policy , advising on its implementation and evaluating its impact .
‘ More than a Minimum : The Resolution Foundation Review of the Future of the National Minimum Wage ' , was published in March 2014 .
DAYTONA BEACH — The teenager whose face was beaten , bruised and bloodied by a father who said they caught the young man sexually abusing their 11-year-old son pleaded no contest Thursday and was sentenced to 25 years in prison .
Raymond Frolander , 18 , pleaded no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12 , which is punishable by up to life in prison . Circuit Judge Leah Case handed them a 25-year sentence and , as part of the plea deal , Frolander upon their release will be listed as a sexual predator and be on sex offender probation and electronically monitored for the rest of their life .
Frolander , lanky and wearing an orange jail jumpsuit , stood in front of the judge and answered most of their questions with , “ Yes ma'am . ”
When they asked for their plea , they said “ no contest. ” They showed no emotion at spending the next quarter century in prison .
Frolander was originally charged with sexual battery on a person under 12 . Frolander had been held without bail at the Volusia County Branch Jail since the incident July 18 .
The Daytona Beach News-Journal is not naming the boy 's father or other family members to protect the identity of the victim . The father , along with the boy 's grandmother and some others , sat in the courtroom but did not testify .
After the hearing , the father was short with reporters outside the courtroom .
“ He 's going to learn in the next 25 years why I let them live , ” the father said . “ Now I ca n't afford to replace y'all 's cameras so move . ”
With that the father , wearing a football jersey , walked through and around reporters and out of the courthouse .
Frolander 's pummeling at the hands of the then-35-year-old father on July 18 made international headlines . The father called 9-1-1 themselves and told a sheriff 's dispatcher that they had just kicked and punched the man they caught abusing their son .
“ I just walked in on a grown man molesting ... ” the upset father told a dispatcher . “ And I got them in a bloody puddle for you , officer . ”
Asked by the dispatcher if any weapons were involved , the father said “ my foot and my fist . ”
“ I did n't proceed to ask them any questions , sir , ” the father said . “ He is nice and knocked out on the floor for you . I drug them out to the living room . ”
No charges were filed against the father .
“ It 's over , ” the victim 's grandmother said . “ I just wanted justice for our grandson . That 's all I cared about . ”
They said the boy was no longer in the area , is in the sixth grade and is being home schooled .
“ He 's doing great , ” the grandmother said .
They said the boy has undergone counseling . They said Frolander had been close to the family .
“ I 'm hurt because they were family . They were like our family and it hurts that they did this , ” they said .
They said the family accepted the plea deal so their grandson would not have to go through the legal process , such as testifying at trial . They said the boy accepted the 25-year sentence .
“ He 's content . He 's just glad it 's over , ” the grandmother said .
They said they would forgive Frolander .
“ I 'm a very Christian woman and God tells me I have to forgive and I do , ” they said . “ And I 've learned to go on , and now I just have to re-instill trust in my grandson . ”
They said the family wanted to work toward stronger mandatory sentences for sex offenders .
Daytona Beach investigators said Frolander confessed to assaulting the youngster .
Last week , I got to do one of those things that makes me remember how cool my job is : I played The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim . The fifth installment in the hugely successful Elder Scrolls series and one of the most eagerly anticipated games of the year .
Before I begin regaling you with tales from Skyrim of fair bar-maidens and fire-breathing dragons , I should clarify something : I 'm not an Elder Scrolls fan . It 's not that I dislike the series , I just have n't spent that much time with it . Oblivion came out at a time when I was n't doing much gaming , and since then , my time with it has been limited to playing around with it at friends ' houses .
My first exposure to The Elder Scrolls was from a severely maladjusted co-worker who 'd share anecdotes of sneaking into barracks , poisoning all the apples in the pantry , waiting for all the guards to eat the poison apples , and then stealing their things . I 'm a sucker for sandbox games , and the thought of this much freedom piqued my interest . However , before I got around to checking out Oblivion , I got sucked into Fallout 3 , which quickly became one of my all-time favorite games in a matter of hours . Fallout , however , is NOT The Elder Scrolls .
The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim ( Xbox 360 [ Previewed ] , PlayStation 3 , PC )
Developer : Bethesda Game Studios
Publisher : Bethesda Softworks
Release : November 11 , 2011
The first time I uttered the word “ Skyrim ” on The Destructoid Show , I was given a crash course in Elder Scrolls fandom . It is a serious game , it is not something to be taken lightly . Unfortunately , I take very few things seriously , so this sudden backlash let me take things even less seriously . I erroneously stated the game had a Squidbear in it ( and staunchly defended my claim ) , I introduced an “ Elder Scrolls Watch ” segment on The Destructoid Show , and I proceeded to interview Skyrim 's lead artist about how many types of fish are in the game , and whether or not you can be a gay werewolf .
My enthusiasm for Skyrim is genuine , but should not be misconstrued as an expertise in the lore of The Elder Scrolls . At the same time , any irreverence I show towards the game is all in good fun . The Elder Scrolls fanbase has proven itself repeatedly to be a rather humorless crowd , so I figured a disclaimer was in order .
My Skyrim demo started roughly 45 minutes into the game , at the end of the tutorial section -- comparable to leaving the sewers in Oblivion or Vault 101 in Fallout 3 -- and I was given a chance to alter my character 's appearance . Character creation is something I can spend hours on , so I tried not to dawdle . Just browsing through the different races , though , it 's safe to say this game is not Oblivion or Fallout .
Depending on your race 's bone structure , you 're presented with a number of different options . Argonians have different horns and warpaint choices whereas Khajiit have different fur colors and patterns . Eager to get into the world , I chose a Khajiit , made them look vaguely like Panthro from Thundercats , pushed the weight slider as far towards the “ fat ” end as it would go , and entered the realm of Skyrim .
If there was any confusion at all , let me clarify right now : Skyrim is gorgeous . It is an absolutely beautiful friggin ' game , and anyone not lauding it as such should get a slap . Both in terms of art direction and the Creation engine 's ability to effectively give your eyes a blowjob , it 's just really damn pretty . Any given screen in Skyrim looks like the lovechild of a motivational poster and a Frank Frazetta painting .
When picking my character , I chose a Khajiit because they 're one of the more visually unique races , and I wanted to see how this looked in the game . The character movement in Skyrim makes Fallout : New Vegas look awkward and dated . Watching my feline character bounding along with fuzzy cat ears and a long striped tail was so impressive ( I 'm actually going to hold off on making any Furry jokes . )
The problem with being plopped down in front of a console and told , “ here , play Skyrim for three hours ” is that it 's bittersweet . That 's more than enough time to get a feel for the game , but there is so much to see and do that it 's legitimately daunting . I decided to just jump in and explore the game . The guy next to me made a beeline for the dragon battle , but I chose not to do that . We 've already seen the dragon battle in the E3 demo , and I 'd probably get my ass handed to me anyway .
I found myself on the same forest path where the E3 demo began . I checked my map , and decided to make my way northeast to the nearest settlement of Riverwood . It 's a lovely little town with a mill and a few shops . One thing I was immediately curious about was blacksmithing . I approached Alvor , the Riverwood smith , and spoke to him .
In Skyrim , talking to people is noticeably different from previous Bethesda games . Instead of the camera vaulting forward so the NPC being spoken to is in full , glaring mugshot view , it brings the character into focus much more subtly . By wiggling the left analog stick , you can look around a bit . If you 're bored by what the NPC is saying , you can make your character nod enthusiastically or just have them stare off into space at something in the background . It 's just like real life .
I asked Alvor the blacksmith if they had any work for me to do , and they offered to teach me the smithing system . I was given a few iron ingots and some leather straps , and told to go play with the forge . The menu provided a long list of different weapons , armor , and jewelry I could create . I chose “ iron dagger ” from the menu and watched my guy hammer away at a red-hot piece of metal . After showing Alvor my cool new knife , they suggested I temper it on their grindstone . At the grindstone , a similar menu opened up that allowed me to upgrade the dagger 's condition to “ fine . ”
Later in the game , while exploring a mysterious kitchen , I checked out what I could cook in the game . Like the grindstone and forge , an extremely intuitive menu popped up with eighteen different dishes I could prepare , from mammoth stew to Horker loaf . Yummy .
At another point in the game , I came across a book titled “ Thief. ” Opening it instantly improved my lockpicking ability , much like the books and magazines in Fallout . However , after opening the book , I was given the option to actually read it by turning the pages with the left stick . We 've heard about how there are over 300 books in the game , but actually inspecting them first-hand is impressive , especially when you come across an entire bookshelf of different titles .
Cooking , blacksmithing and books ( and fish ) might not be exciting for everyone , but it 's such a mind-boggling example of how immersive this game is . There are plenty of games where you can fight monsters and cast spells ; what makes Skyrim so incredible is the level of detail everything has .
After getting bored of blacksmithing , I decided to go kill some things . I left Alvor 's blacksmith shop and wandered over to the Riverwood Trader . Inside , the owner was shouting at their wife about thieves . I asked them what the problem was , and the next thing I knew , I 'd agreed to retrieve a golden claw from the Bleak Halls Barrow .
In addition to crafting menus getting streamlined , Skyrim 's main menu system is refreshingly intuitive , especially compared to the journal in Oblivion or Fallout 's Pipboy 3000 . The menu is brought up by tapping B , and four options are presented , arranged like points of the compass . A double tap downward of the left stick brought up the map . Having barely started the game , only a few locations were visible , so I easily found Bleak Halls Barrow . I set a waypoint and embarked on my quest .
I reached the barrow and made my way inside . Gathered around a small campfire were a pair of bandits , and I kicked myself for embarking on this mission -- I 'd already seen it in the E3 playthrough video . Still , the desire to kill people and steal stuff prevailed , so I made my way through the dungeon , getting the crap scared out of me by a big frost spider along the way , and eventually solving the mystery of The Golden Claw .
I returned to Riverwood and gave The Golden Claw to the shopkeeper . I asked them if they had any spells for sale , and they did . I bought frostbite , fury , and one that let me resurrect people I 'd killed to fight on my side as zombies . Fury makes enemies attack each other , frostbite makes them get cold damage , and the zombie resurrection one does exactly what I just said it does . It 's really badass .
I decided to head into more unexplored territory . To the west , I entered Whiterun Hold , the central region of Skyrim . I was stopped by a group of Imperial soldiers who told me I could n't be there , and tried to lean on me for money . Considering that my character was a burly axe-wielding panther-man who could shoot fireballs , this seemed pretty stupid , so I decided to fight the soldiers . Unfortunately , after killing one of them , I got sucked into the ground underneath a bush and died . Oops .
As cool as it would be if Bethesda always shipped flawless games , it 's not something we 've come to expect from them , and unfortunately , I do n't think Skyrim will be an exception . During my three hours with the game , I died three times from getting stuck in invisible holes in the ground . I do n't know if I played a final build of the game or not , but I 'll be extremely surprised if the retail version is n't without a few glitches . I ca n't ignore problems like this , but I 'm not about to let them ruin my experience . Skyrim 's got some bugs ? Megan Fox has weird thumbs , I 'd still bang them
After my bug encounter , I reloaded my autosave back at Riverwood . I took a different route back towards Whiterun Hold , and discovered the Honningren Meadery . I was greeted by a man named Sabjorn who told me a little bit about the meadery . While they were talking , I stole an apple pie from the table . They told me to knock it off and confiscated my pie , so I stole several bottles of mead and a honey nut treat . I then went over to their bookshelf and started reading a book about horses .
Sabjorn was mad that I kept stealing their desserts , so they started punching me . I set them on fire and started hacking away at them with a sword . Oddly enough , when their life bar was depleted , instead of keeling over in a bloody pile , they simply crouched on the ground whimpering and covering their head with their hands . Apparently certain NPCs can not be killed in Skyrim . I went exploring the meadery . In another room , two other NPCs said hello to me before Sabjorn came bursting in the door screaming at me . The NPCs then joined the invincible Sabjorn in punching me , so I ran away .
Down the road a bit , I came to a guard outpost . One of the guards stopped me , and said there was a warrant out for my arrest because of the apple pie fiasco . The guard was very polite about it , and I offered to pay them my own bounty to redeem myself . They let me go about my business .
In addition to being a videogame where you can steal beer and kick animals in the throat , Skyrim is also a really good hiking simulator . That might be the dumbest thing I 've ever written about videogames , but Bethesda 's managed to make a hyper-realistic game about walking around in the woods . Videogame nature will never outdo actual nature , but as someone who lives in San Francisco and does n't like driving three hours to the mountains to see a tree with some snow on it , Skyim 's pretty fun to look at .
Later , I met a herd of mammoths and their giant shepard . I got too close to the mammoths and was quickly trampled to death . Reloading my save , I approached the giant , and they screamed at me and then pummeled me to death with their club . Further north , I found a cairn , and was attacked by Ice Wraiths . Ice Wraiths look like flying moray eels made out of half-invisible broken glass . They were fast , mean , and my fireball spell did n't do much to them even though they were made of ice .
On the northern coast of Skyrim sits Dawnstar , a harbor town that also has a mine . I 'm sure fans of Minecraft will be happy to hear that in Skyrim , you can pick up a pickaxe and go digging for ore . Inside Dawnstar 's Windbreak Inn , I convinced a bar maiden to play a song called “ Ragnar The Red ” for me on their flute .
After that , I talked to a man in a robe . They explained that all the residents of Dawnstar had horrible nightmares and could n't sleep . They blamed this on the curse of a nearby witch , and asked if I 'd join them in stopping them I agreed and followed my NPC companion outside . Eager for some action , I waited while they stood there not doing anything . I ran around them in circles and made sure their quest was my active one . So when nothing happened , I wandered off and talked to some other NPCs . When I came back , my slowpoke companion finally started making their way toward wherever this nightmare witch was , but I unfortunately lost track of him . Luckily , I found a den of bandits , and fought them for a while .
The map in Skyrim is great looking , but I found it a little bit tedious for actual navigation . The ornate design makes it difficult to set waypoints accurately , and this is exacerbated by too many different icons jammed into the compass on the HUD . While most of the menus are intuitive and a huge improvement over previous Bethesda games , navigation and selecting an active quest felt a little awkward . Also , my NPC companion wandered off into a blizzard like some kind of idiot Sherpa .
In my last ten minutes , I stole a horse and galloped around . This made for a nice change from walking , and given the massive scale of Skyrim , I think horseback riding will be a necessity .
“ Epic ” is a word that has been thrown around to the point of irrelevance , but it 's absolutely the right word for Skyrim . Skyrim is huge , majestic , and genuinely awe-insipring . I have no doubt that hardcore Elder Scrolls fans will play this game for the next half a decade . As for people ( like myself ) who are new to the series , the intuitive menu system and all-around enjoyable gameplay should be well worth getting excited about . Even if fantasy is n't your bag , this game has a lot to offer .
What struck me the most about Skyrim is how much it suspends disbelief . It sucks you into a fantasy world where you can do whatever you want , not least of which is slaying dragons and casting spells . When I was a kid , I could run around in my backyard and play pretend . As an adult , it 's harder to get lost in that same kind of make-believe fantasy . If you want a break from reality , Skyrim 's a great place to start . In any case , it 's probably a safer idea than dressing up like a knight and attacking your neighbors rosebushes with a wooden sword .
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Click to open photo gallery :
In today 's episode , we examine one of the favorite policy recommendations of President Trump 's Secretary of Education , Betsy DeVos : the school voucher . What is it ? Is it constitutional ? Listen and find out !
We begin , however , with a Breakin ' Down the Law segment where Andrew looks at a popular Twitter account 's explanation of the odd fact that Donald Trump filed their re-election papers four years early . Is there some nefarious purpose to them having done so , or is this innocuous ? We break down the law so you 'll be armed with the information you need to navigate these kinds of claims .
In the main segment , Andrew walks us through Zelman v. Simmons-Harris , 536 U.S. 639 ( 2002 ) , the most recent Supreme Court case to consider school vouchers , with a focus on whether providing federal tax dollars to private religious institutions violates the First Amendment 's Establishment Clause .
After our main segment , we turn to a question from ex-Mormon about the infamous “ Mormon Extermination Order , ” an executive order ( No . 44 ) signed by Missouri Gov . Lilburn Boggs in 1838 . This dovetails with a two-hour discussion of the Order between Andrew and host Bryce Blankenagel during episode 47 of the “ Naked Mormonism ” podcast , which you should definitely check out by clicking here .
Finally , we end with the answer to Thomas Takes the Bar Exam question # 9 about joint tenancy . Remember that TTTBE issues a new question every Friday , followed by the answer on next Tuesday 's show . Do n't forget to play along by following our Twitter feed ( @ Openargs ) and/or our Facebook Page and quoting the Tweet or Facebook Post that announces this episode along with your guess and reason ( s ) !
Show Notes & Links
Support us on Patreon at : patreon.com/law
Follow us on Twitter : @ Openargs
Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/openargs/
And email us at openarguments @ gmail.com
Direct Download
br >
Wings of Care provided new photos of an oil slick in the area of the Gulf oil spill , noting :
Here is the large surface slick that has been sitting over the Macondo area since last autumn , with as yet no explanation from BP or the US Coast Guard as to its origin . Its persistence , even after the weeks of rough weather we have had in recent weeks and months , suggests that its flow is substantial . Scientists who have sampled it have found evidence of manmade products such as drilling mud .
Wings of Care provided an update yesterday :
There are patches of rainbow and weathered “ mousse ” in it as well , which we have not seen out there for many months .
The most troubling vision today was the Macondo area itself . The slick that we had first noticed last fall , which was spreading over the area within a half-mile or so of the scene of the Deepwater Horizon explosion , was huge today . It stretched over 7 nautical miles in the south-north direction and was almost a mile wide in some spots . There were some patches of rainbow sheen and even some weathered oil ( brownish “ mousse ” ) , although overall it remained a light surface sheen .
Stuart Smith provides context :
In Louisiana , we are blessed to have a one-woman environmental protection agency by the name of Bonny Schumaker . A retired NASA physicist and pilot , Schumaker has found a way to merge their love of all creatures and their passion for flying to create an amazing operation called On Wings Of Care . They fly animal rescue missions but since 2010 has also devoted a lot of their energy toward helping their fellow citizens learn the truth about the aftermath of BP 's Deepwater Horizon disaster .
When the authorities wanted to restrict the public 's access to the site of the massive spill , Schumaker and their flights have documented both the scope of the spill and the extent of damage to marine life — and they have n't let up . In August 2011 and again in October 2012 , their photographic evidence has forced BP , the U.S. Coast Guard , and other agencies to acknowledge and to investigate new sightings of fresh oil sheens near where BP 's rig blew up and sank . We 're still not satisfied with BP 's response to the problem , and we 're concerned that the oil may actually be coming from fissures under the sea .
One thing is undeniably clear from the photographic evidence : The oil is still there , 33 months after the explosion .
* * *
Massachusetts Rep. Edward Markey ( who may win election to the U.S. Senate later this year ) said of the ongoing problems at the site : “ Back in 2010 , I said BP was either lying or incompetent . Well , it turns out they were both . This is the same crime scene , and the American public today is entitled to the same information that BP was lying about in 2010 so that we can understand the full dimension of the additional environmental damage . ”
You can count the number of top-tier college athletic programs without an NCAA rap sheet on one hand . Minus a finger .
Connecticut was officially scratched from the list Tuesday , when the NCAA added to penalties self-imposed by the school last October for rules violations committed in men 's basketball two and three years earlier . Among the sanctions : the suspension of Hall of Fame coach Jim Calhoun from UConn 's first three Big East Conference games next season .
The Huskies also were docked one of their 13 allotted scholarships for three years and hit with recruiting restrictions beyond those they assessed themselves .
`` We are disappointed , '' athletics director Jeff Hathaway said in a statement , `` that the ( infractions ) committee determined that additional penalties needed to be imposed . ''
The infractions stain is Connecticut 's first in any sport . It leaves four marquee athletics programs -- of the 65 in the nation 's six major football-playing conferences , plus Notre Dame -- without a major case in their histories , and two of them carry asterisks . Boston College and Northwestern endured point-shaving scandals that were n't adjudicated by the NCAA .
The Unblemished Two : Penn State and Stanford .
The remaining 62 programs have been involved in 241 infractions cases dating to 1953 , according to NCAA records . Arizona State is the dubious leader with nine , the most recent a postseason ban in baseball late last year for recruiting and other improprieties . Well fewer than half of those schools ( 28 ) have gone 10 years without a major case .
Sam Wilson 's time as Captain America may be over , but they do n't intend to stop protecting the country and the world . After helping end the threat of Hydra dominance in Secret Empire , Sam has decided that they need to embrace the identity of The Falcon once again .
And on October 11 , they return to the skies with Marvel Legacy in FALCON # 1 ! Written by Rodney Barnes with art by Joshua Cassara , Sam Wilson engages enemies on the global stage and in quiet in Chicago back alleys alike .
Barnes took a few minutes away from writing the new series to tell us about the return of The Falcon .
Marvel.com : What 's it like kicking off the FALCON ongoing series on the back of the character becoming more high profile than ever before ?
Rodney Barnes : It 's exciting , anxiety-creating , and an honor all at once ! I grew up reading the Falcon when they teamed with Captain America so being a part of their adventures at this point in time ticks off a bucket list endeavor for me .
Marvel.com : How would you describe the essence of Sam Wilson ?
Rodney Barnes : He 's a leader and a patriot ; those two aspects of them must be omnipresent in any storyline . He 's confident , but realistic in regards to the task at hand .
The work comes in making sure there 's a human being behind the mask and not a “ perfect ” person . We all have flaws , but superheroes operate from a higher place so finding balance will always be the key .
Marvel.com : What role does Falcon play in the Marvel Universe as this story begins ?
Rodney Barnes : This goes back to your first question . He 's at the highest profile of their career . Having been Captain America , leader of the Avengers , and having been front and center during the events of Secret Empire , the whole world has an awareness of him . He 's no longer the sidekick I knew as a kid .
Although he 's viewed as a prime time player by their peers and the public , in their own mind Sam does n't want the everyday problems of everyday people to get lost in the shuffle of the higher profile events he 's now associated with .
Marvel.com : Where do we find Sam 's state of mind at the start of this book ?
Rodney Barnes : Sam feels a need to reconnect with the issues that moved them to become a superhero in the first place . They wanted to help people , so he 's taking a grassroots approach to doing just that . The new costume acts as a symbol of that desire . It 's a new look—not identifiable with the hats he 's worn as of late . He 's proud of their time as Captain America , but it felt like an act of duty as much as a goal they sought after . He 's most comfortable as The Falcon and reconnecting with their former persona feels like coming home .
Marvel.com : What can you tell readers about their new partner The Patriot ?
Rodney Barnes : He 's a fun character . Having written the story where they began their career—SECRET EMPIRE : BRAVE NEW WORLD # 2—Patriot captures the mindset of a current day hero . He 's motivated by the same desire to help people as any other superhero , but they see the world from today 's fast paced , optimistic , millennial mindset . He 's not only learning to be a hero—he 's growing up at the same time . And their points of view are being tested by the trials and tribulations of the heroes ' journey .
Marvel.com : Your opening arc pits Wilson against Blackheart . What made Blackheart an appealing choice for this storyline ?
Rodney Barnes : It felt different . I knew I wanted to discuss gangs and issues of race and culture , but I did n't want to be predictable by telling a one dimensional story . Blackheart acted as the right choice because , while he 's not someone like Mephisto , he 's still more powerful than those trying to stop him .
He 's second tier on the dark magic totem pole , so they fit the role of antagonist I needed for the story I wanted to tell . Blackheart 's presence gives me the opportunity to blend genres—I 'm not just telling a story of current social ills . I 'm not straying so far from the Marvel Universe that the story becomes medicine .
Marvel.com : How would you describe the tone of the book ? And how does artist Joshua Cassara help create that feeling ?
Rodney Barnes : The tone feels both grounded and mystical . We 're operating in the hard scrabble streets of the South Side of Chicago . Then again , we 're in hell . So it 's not something I 've ever seen before .
I ca n't say enough about Josh . He 's fantastic ! They blend worlds better than I could 've ever imagined . He 's been the perfect collaborator . I 've never worked on an ongoing comic before but I ca n't think of a better partner in this venture . I had the pleasure of meeting them at San Diego Comic Con and we had a blast talking about all of the visual possibilities of our journey with Falcon . It 's been a highlight of this experience for me . I love the guy .
Marvel.com : Lastly , what would you say directly to fans to persuade them to pick up this title ? What makes FALCON a can't-miss ?
Rodney Barnes : This adventure will be one of the most personal in the history of The Falcon . He 'll have to battle a demon set on conquering humankind as well as the demons that have haunted their own psyche . If you 've ever wanted to see the Falcon tested beyond anything he 's ever faced , this book 's for you !
FALCON # 1 , by Rodney Barnes and artist Joshua Cassara , takes off on October 11 !
House Bill 592 ( PDF ) , introduced in the Alabama House of Representatives on April 30 , 2015 , and referred to the House Committee on Education Policy , would undermine the integrity of science education in the state by encouraging science teachers with idiosyncratic opinions to teach whatever they pleased while preventing responsible educational authorities from intervening . Topics identified in the bill as likely to `` cause debate and disputation '' are `` biological evolution , the chemical origins of life , and human cloning . ''
Modeled on Tennessee 's `` Monkey Law '' enacted in 2012 , HB 592 would require state and local educational authorities to `` assist teachers to find effective ways to present the science curriculum framework developed by the State Board of Education as it addresses scientific subjects that may cause debate and disputation '' ; it would prevent such authorities from prohibiting `` any teacher of a public school from helping students understand , analyze , critique , and review in an objective manner the scientific strengths and scientific weaknesses of all existing scientific theories covered in the course being taught within the curriculum framework developed by the State Board of Education . ''
The bill 's lead sponsor is Mack Butler ( R-District 30 ) , who , discussing a different bill of theirs with Alabama.com ( January 21 , 2015 ) , commented , `` It takes a lot more faith to believe in evolution . '' Except for a failed bill to establish a credit-for-creationism scheme in 2012 , HB 592 is the first antiscience bill in the Alabama legislature since 2009 , when HB 300 , the last in a long string of `` academic freedom '' bills in Alabama , failed to win passage . The legislature will be in session for only eleven more days before adjourning .
The Royal Mail looks after post code data files The government is planning to give anyone free access to postcode data . The move will be made as part of its commitment to make more use of technology and the web to transform official services . Currently organisations that want access to datasets that tie postcodes to physical locations can not do so without incurring a charge . Following a brief consultation , the postcode information is set to be freed in April 2010 . The announcement about releasing postcode data came as part of a much wider plan to use technology as part of the Smarter Government strategy . As part of this push , the government said it would start `` consulting on making Ordnance Survey mapping and postcode datasets available for free reuse from April 2010 . '' A spokesperson for the Ordnance Survey said the consultation would begin before Christmas 2009 . `` It 's a chance for anyone who has views on what can be given away to make those views known , '' they said . `` It 's more a question of how not if , '' they said . `` It 's something that 's going to be happening . '' The dataset that is likely to be freed is that which ties postcodes to geographic locations . Many more commercial organisations use the Postcode Address File ( PAF ) that ties post codes to addresses . Currently access to either data set incurs a charge . In October 2009 the Royal Mail took legal action that cut off the access many websites had to such data . Sites that used the postcode feed included Job Centre Pro Plus , HealthWare ( locates nearby pharmacies and hospitals ) , Planning alerts.com ( monitors planning applications ) , Straight Choice ( finds out who sent political leaflets ) . Services online Harry Metcalfe , who helped sites get at postcode data , said they were `` cautiously optimistic '' about the decision to open up the OS data sets . `` If the right data is released in the right way , this will be a positive development , '' they said . Also included in the Smarter Government announced by Gordon Brown was the intention to get the `` majority '' of government services online in the next five years . It also pledged a further £30m cash injection for UK Online Centres to help another million Britons get to grips with the web for the first time .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It 's been some time since Samsung mocked Apple with videos on the inferiority of the iPhone — the exploding Note 7 set that argument back a fair amount — but the Korean firm has removed the gloves again with a new video released right after last week 's iPhone X launch .
The gist of it is a common argument laid out by Android fans : that Apple adopts every feature long after Samsung . Whether that is waterproofing , camera quality , wireless charging , larger screen , etc .
Now with the iPhone X that lag , Samsung argues , is ten years long .
In this latest tit-for-that , our protagonist grows up from buying the first iPhone in 2007 , to waiting in queues , ‘ suffering ' with the dongle for the headphone jack-less iPhone 7 , and more before finally switching to Samsung in a happy-ever-after ending .
Your take on the 60 seconds below is likely to be down to whichever mobile tribe you identify with , but it is definitely one of Samsung 's best jabs at Apple to date .
Hat tip The Verge
By Cadence13 . Discovered by Player FM and our community — copyright is owned by the publisher , not Player FM , and audio streamed directly from their servers .
ESPN front office insider Bobby Marks joins the Woj Pod to break down the finality of the Celtics-Cavaliers blockbuster trade , examine the behind-the-scenes of the deal , Boston 's magnificent rebuild , Cleveland 's road in LeBron James ' final year and how Isaiah Thomas ' future free agency could unfold .
0:30 : Boston refusing to give another first round pick to Cleveland .
2:40 : The high risk for each team if the deal had fallen apart .
4:55 : The Cavs placing the highest value on the Brooklyn draft pick .
8:45 : Trying to get value in a deal after a player demands a trade .
10:27 : The Celtics ' rebuild being complete in many ways .
12:05 : The creative lengths teams go to while conducting trades .
18:16 : Danny Ainge 's rapid rebuild of the Celtics .
21:10 : The Celtics likely needing another star player to compete with the Warriors .
22:47 : Kyrie Irving 's fit with the Celtics .
24:22 : LeBron James having to take on even more playmaking duties .
25:53 : The Cavs prioritizing the future as LeBron James approaches free agency .
28:02 : How an Irving trade could have been different if James was committed long-term to Cleveland .
31:20 : The impact of the past week on Isaiah Thomas ' next contract .
35:50 : Thomas being motivated to prove people wrong .
Lawmakers from both parties banded together Tuesday to help Minnesotans hit by estate liens from the Department of Human Services .
The department has long recouped the cost of care for elderly or disabled Minnesotans over 55 on Medicaid by placing claims against their estates . But since 2014 , lots of non-elderly , non-disabled people have qualified for Medicaid , too . These otherwise healthy adults over 55 can be added to Medicaid if their income is low enough regardless of how many assets they have saved up — and the costs for their Medicaid premiums and care can be billed directly against their estates .
“ In the last several months , there 's been an incredible amount of stress brought on by the discovery of the ( Medicaid ) estate claim debacle for our family , ” said Scott Killerud of Willow River . Killerud and others told of facing liens worth tens of thousands of dollars .
Under a slate of bills unanimously approved by a House committee Tuesday , all that would go away . Not only would DHS be barred from placing estate liens for routine Medicaid expenses , but anyone who incurred those expenses since 2014 would have their liens canceled . Other measures would make notices of the liens more visible and create the option to pay back liens early .
“ I just want to apologize , from the Legislature , from the state , from all of us here , for putting you through what you went through , ” Rep. Matt Dean , R-Dellwood , told a number of affected citizens who testified .
Affected citizens said they felt like they had been duped or tricked into signing up for Medicaid with no knowledge that they would be hit with claims on their estate .
“ The feeling of entrapment here is just ridiculous , ” said Claudia Foussard of St. Paul .
Many of those testifying had the same story : They had visited mnsure.org to sign up for health insurance , but because their income was low enough , they were redirected from MNsure 's private insurance to Medicaid without realizing they were exposing themselves to liens .
“ I would never in my life have signed on against my home , ” Foussard said .
Rick Rayburn of Willow River said “ DHS needs to be held accountable ” for the snafu , and some lawmakers sounded sympathetic to their call .
“ I never knew about this lien stuff , ” said Rep. Tina Liebling , DFL-Rochester . “ I am really concerned about the fact that somebody ( at DHS ) did know about it and did n't tell us . ”
Representatives of DHS and MNsure did not testify at Tuesday 's hearing .
A similar bill in the Senate passed its first committee earlier this month .
The bills would not end the longstanding practice of placing liens to recover the costs of Medicaid patients in nursing homes or other long-term care , only the practice of applying the liens to more conventional Medicaid health coverage .
Clarification : This story has been updated to clarify how Medicaid expansion and the Affordable Care Act changed the practice of estate liens for low-income Minnesotans in 2014 .
How we can face the challenge of saving the environment without slipping into denial , despair or cynical profiteering ?
After millennia of falsely predicting the apocalypse , humanity has become understandably flippant . There were so many threatened catastrophes in 2012 , from rolling earthquakes to interstellar collisions and a misunderstanding of the Mayan calendar that the quips began to flow . `` People are making apocalypse jokes like there 's no tomorrow , ' was a favourite .
But just because we 've been wrong so many times before , does that mean we 're safe forever ? Or have we been lulled into a false sense of security , and do the timeframes involved disguise the scale of the risks posed to conditions for human civilisations ?
Look back far enough and you 'll see that very bad things do happen . The world has experienced five mass extinction events during which over 95 % of marine species and 80 % of four legged creatures died out .
The climate warmed during the gloriously named Paleocene–Eocene Thermal Maximum ( PETM ) , driving one of Earth 's more recent extinction events 55m years ago . Now we are living through a human-made mass extinction event .
The PETM was bad , but NASA climate scientist James Hansen notes that with global warming today , climate zones are moving about 10 times faster than they did during the PETM extinction . It 's an indicator of the force and speed of the unintended consequences of our economic activity , and something which makes it impossible for many species to adapt . And left unaddressed that could be the case for humanity too .
Homo Sapiens may feel smugly secure in our abilities , but its worth remembering we 've only been around for a humble 300,000 years or so . The dinosaurs lasted for about 165m years , and we seem to be trying hard not to outlive them .
Vast subsidies pour into the fossil fuel industries , and in the UK new tax breaks have encouraged investment at a 30-year high into North Sea oil and gas exploration and production .
That is in spite of the best science available suggesting that we can only afford to burn around a quarter or a fifth of proven reserves if we are to avoid potentially runaway global warming . And , instead of climate campaigners being applauded for their actions , they are being hounded with £5 million lawsuits .
My new book , Cancel the Apocalypse , is about how we can face this challenge positively , without slipping into denial , despair or cynical profiteering .
With the right approaches we can all benefit from re-engineering our financial , food , transport and energy systems . We can re-imagine the shape of our high streets and the pattern of our working weeks to improve the quality of our lives and lessen our burden on the biosphere . But this can only happen if we let go of the tenacious economic dogma that has taken root in recent decades . Perversely , as evidence mounts of its failure to spread the benefits of enterprise , its lack of respect for its natural resource base , or even its ability to succeed on its own terms , the old ideas are clung to more tightly . Political familiarity misinterpreted as security .
Work harder and longer we 're told , bow to the judgement of the markets , pretend that life-supporting ecosystems are a luxury whose protection and enhancement we can not afford to prioritise .
In the grip of this epic perversity , perhaps the most exhilarating realisation is that countless other successful ways of organising our affairs already exist . The book is an exploration of these , that looks at the lessons of history , both positive and negative , for how to survive and thrive in times of adversity . It also scours the modern world highlighting working examples that refute the argument that the best we can hope for is to crudely stick the broken model of debt-fuelled , environmentally destructive and socially divisive overconsumption back together .
At the time of the second world war , economist JM Keynes came up with a plan for how to finance the war effort . It aimed to raise savings for the war effort and minimise costs for those least able to bear it . But even with the spectre of Nazism looming , their medicine was thought too strong . Opinion was not ready . Keynes lamented : `` My discomfort comes from the fact , now made obvious , that the general public are not in favour of any plan . ''
The Economist newspaper , however , congratulated them for , if nothing else , revealing among the so-called `` leaders of opinion , '' the state of their ignorance on the central economic problem of the war . This book is my take on where and how to begin to tackle current systemic environmental , economic and social challenges . It 's the start of a plan . If having this conversation it only reveals the state of ignorance among our leaders , that will be a start .
I 'd love to see other books that honestly and explicitly address how we make a global economic transition at scale , and within the timeframe that change is needed . Such plans have to be calibrated so that we can all live well within the tolerance levels of the biosphere .
It would be wrong to say that those who support the status quo have failed to notice there is a problem . They just react to it differently .
In 2011 , The Wall Street Journal published a Guide to Investing in the Apocalypse . Listing a range of potential economic and environmental disasters it quite seriously observed that their occurrence , `` will touch off panic and , in some cases , hysteria . As a result , these events will also contain the seeds of profit for investors who stay calm . ''
Of course , the alternative is that we could try to stop them . As the great cultural critic Raymond Williams once said , 'To be truly radical is to make hope possible rather than despair convincing . '
I 've been excited about Secret Santa this year since matching day when I did my shopping for my giftee gleefully ( it 's fun for me to get it done right away ! ) and when my Santa messaged me ! I was worried about having gone overboard with my likes/dislikes since I basically maxed out my character limit with my information vomit , but my Santa assured me everything was okay and that I was in good hands ! Yay ! !
The next two weeks that ensued were some of the hardest of this semester . I pulled an all nighter finishing an essay that I procrastinated too much on , got a poor exam grade back ( and had to make peace with the face that I 'm probably not going to get an `` A '' in my `` easy '' class ) , was diagnosed with PCOS , had some issues with my university mental health system , and a meeting with a psych nurse later left me feeling just ... bleh and down . I came back from a particularly difficult and draining session with my psychologist earlier today , so these gifts from my Santa could not have come at a better time .
Holy crap I was not expecting such personal gifts and to be so thoroughly stalked ! ! I 'm pretty lucky my neighbors did n't call the cops due to the screaming and bouncing that occurred as I opened my gifts .
I received :
An Assassin 's Creed Necklace A Grunt ( Mass Effect ) Funko Pop Figurine
A Daryl Dixon ( Walking Dead ) Funko Pop Figurine
Set of 12 Copic Ciao markers
A figurine of the Normandy SR-2
Bravely Default for the 3DS
The necklace : OMG my Santa totally did their stalking ! I mentioned once commenting that I was looking into getting an Assassin 's Creed ring ( the one by Ubisoft ! ) but was n't sure if I should go for the splurge or if I should consider the Templar ring ( because it also looks super badass ) . I 've been eying this necklace as well ! I love wearing gaming apparel ; it 's helped with icebreakers and led to me meeting and befriending some awesome people ! Still waiting for someone to comment on my N7 hoodie though ...
Grunt figurine : Once again , another amazing example of stalking . I 've been fortunate to have been gifted each Mass Effect Funko figurine from the lovely people from Random_Acts_of_Amazon , and Grunt was the last one to arrive ! I actually did receive Grunt A DAY before from someone on RAoA ( so close ! ) , but I 've talked to my Santa and will take their suggestion to gift them to another Mass Effect lover for the holidays . : )
Daryl Dixon figurine : YAYYYYYYY DARYL ! Daryl 's my favorite Walking Dead character , as shown from my participation in recent The Walking Dead exchange . I picked up a Merle Funko over the summer from Walmart , but I could n't find a suitable Daryl one at a reasonable price ( was n't a big fan of the Season 1 Daryl Funko , and this Season 4 version of them is soooo hard to find ) , so Merle 's just been chilling by themselves forever . : / But now the Dixon brothers are reunited ! : D I love this version of Daryl ; they have a little crossbow and dagger , and they even wonderfully have their angel wings on their back .
Copic Ciaos : I 've recently started trying to collect Copic markers . As most artists familiar with Copics know , they are ridiculously expensive . Like $ 8 a marker expensive . Packs are a good way to add to your color selection while saving some money , so I 've had Copic sets on my Amazon wishlist though I never expected to be gifted any because damn , they 're pricy . I 've been trying to save up extra cash for them but was in a car accident recently , so most of my art supplies fund has gone to insurance payments . I 'm also taking an art course for the first time in university next semester , so these are so perfect !
Normandy SR-2 figurine : I 'm a huge Mass Effect fan , as you could probably tell from my collection of Funkos and random other N7 items I own . I 've always wanted one of the Normandy figurines but just kept getting distracted with trying to collect other figurines . It looks amazing , and I absolutely love the detail on it . : ) Now I want ALL THE SHIP FIGURINES .
Bravely Default : I tried in vain to snag this during the B1G1 sale at Best Buy over the summer . I wanted to play it because I 've heard great things about it since it came out and added it to my wishlist thinking maybe they would drop in price , but it never did ! Thanks to my Santa , I 'll finally get to play and see what all the hubbub is about . : D So excited ! !
I ca n't thank you enough , /u/garfvader ! These are , by far , the most personalized gifts I 've ever received , and I also LOVED reading all your gift messages that you included ! Thank you so much ! ! ! You did a wonderful job , and your stalking skills are uncanny !
Jack Splitt was a charmer , a flirt and a fighter for the right to open Colorado school doors for medical marijuana treatments for eligible students .
But most of all , the 15-year-old , who died Wednesday , was a good son and a role model for their younger brother , Cooper , their mother said Thursday . Stacey Linn also said Jack , who battled cerebral palsy and the brutal pain that accompanied it , came to Cooper in a dream early Wednesday , hours before their death .
“ He was standing tall and in a powerful voice told Cooper , ‘ Please do not be sad . I am free , ' ” Linn said .
Later that day , Jack died . They left behind a legacy in state marijuana law and a huge gap in their family .
“ He fought hard for children everywhere , there is no doubt , ” Linn said , “ but we 'll also remember their smile . ”
Jack 's work in the state legislature to turn around perceptions of medical marijuana was nearly unmatched , say lawmakers and advocates . Splitt was the inspiration behind “ Jack 's Law , ” which requires schools to allow parents to provide medical marijuana treatment to their children on school grounds . The law became official this summer .
Splitt 's work at the legislature helped win the hearts and minds of all lawmakers , said the law 's sponsor , state Rep. Jonathan Singer .
“ Anyone who knew them knew that they were charming , they were engaging . They changed more minds on the issue of medical marijuana than I think I ever did , and they finally put a human face to what most people perceive as a Cheech-and-Chong subject , ” said Singer , a Democrat from Longmont . “ But it 's not a Cheech-and-Chong subject . It 's kids ' lives and their well-being . ”
Related Articles August 22 , 2016 Colorado districts wrestle with new law allowing students to use medical marijuana at school
Jack and their mom began to fight for a change after a school employee ripped a skin patch that was delivering cannabis-derived medication off their arm in February 2015 . They helped get a law passed in 2015 to allow schools to create policies to permit a student 's use of medical marijuana , but none did .
This year , they lobbied for a state law requiring schools to allow a parent or caregiver to administer medical marijuana on campus . Teri Robnett , founder of Cannabis Patients Alliance , doubts “ Jack 's Law ” would be on the books today if not for the boy .
“ Oftentimes we know that there 's an issue that needs to be addressed , but when you have a sympathetic face that can really bring focus to the issue , you can really do amazing things , ” Robnett said . “ And that 's what Jack did . ”
“ Jack 's Law ” was signed by Gov . John Hickenlooper in June .
“ You watched how even their facial expressions can change liberal and conservative lawmakers ' minds , ” Singer said . “ The biggest case in point : When we passed Jack 's Amendment ( in 2015 ) , one of the conservative lawmakers came up to me a day after and said , ‘ Jonathan , I came into this hearing expecting to vote against your bill , and tonight I 'm talking to my constituents about why I voted for your bill . '
“ This year when Jack came back to the same committee to help pass Jack 's Law , the very same lawmakers were so thrilled to see him , they could n't contain themselves . They all said on the record how glad they were to see him , and so many of them will be crushed . … I ca n't change minds that quickly , but they could . And they did n't even need to use their words to do it . ”
Jack started classes at Wheat Ridge High School last week and was enjoying learning and being with their friends . But Wednesday , they stayed home because they are n't feeling well , Linn said .
Splitt suffered from debilitating muscle contractions and dealt with the pain by using cannabis-derived treatment . They worsened Wednesday , and they succumbed , their mother said .
“ Jack had a tough life , but they were a trouper and a very , brave young man , ” they said . “ When they smiled at you , it changed your life . I 've had people tell me that when Jack smiled at them a year ago , they can still remember their smile . ”
Amber Wann is a family friend and a supporter of Linn 's Cannability Foundation , a major force behind “ Jack 's Law. ” Them son Benjamin , who turns 15 Friday , has epilepsy and they treat it with medical marijuana .
“ At first meeting Jack , it 's their smile that speaks volumes , ” Amber Wann said Thursday . “ To talk with them and say hi to them and have them look you in the eye , it was their handshake to you , their way of welcoming you to their world , and as simple as that may seem , it honestly meant the world to have Jack smile at you . It meant the world to us . ”
Jack 's only relief came through their daily medical marijuana treatments , which allowed them to relate better to their family and friends , some of whom they knew since elementary school , Linn said .
“ He loved being around them and they loved being around him , ” they said . “ When they did n't show up for school Wednesday , they all wanted to know where they were and how they were doing . ”
“ Jack 's Law ” gives Colorado school districts the authority to write policies for where on campus the treatments can take place and what forms of cannabis can be administered . If a school district does not create a policy , parents and private caregivers have no limitations on where they can administer the treatment .
“ When it comes to the drug policy community , the marijuana reform community , he 'll always be remembered and have a lasting legacy when it comes to medical marijuana and children , ” said Art Way , Colorado State director for the Drug Policy Alliance .
Wavves are getting ready to hit the road for a summer tour . Before they go , the band 's Nathan Williams wants to make clear whom they do and does not make music for , as well as whom they believe is welcome at Wavves shows . Today , they tweeted , “ a few things i wanted to make clear , ” and shared a long note that detailed six types of people who are “ not welcome at a Wavves show : ” Anybody who 's said or supported # AllLivesMatter , anybody who 's “ gone out of [ their ] way to defend police in America , ” and people who blame rape victims , as well as homophobes , racists , and Donald Trump supporters .
They acknowledge that they could lose fans , but concludes , “ id rather have a room half filled with good energy than one filled with hate . people are suffering every day and the way i see it you are either part of the solution or part of the problem. ” See Williams ' full note below , and check out Wavves ' upcoming shows here .
In the CD-format chapter you have seen that digital numbers are translated into a staircase signal , and by rounding the steps , we get something that pretty much resembles the originally captured signal .
This translation process from numbers into voltage steps , is what happens in a R2R DA converter which is sometimes also called a `` ladder-DAC '' or `` multibit-DAC '' , as resistors ( the R 's in R2R ) are configured as an ascending series of voltage dividers .
Such a R2R converter is a static device , in that it is able to generate a clean voltage ( with 16 bits resolution there are 65536 different voltages ) and hold that voltage until another number is converted , or if numbers repeat - for an infinitely long time , while maintaining an extremely low noise level .
In order to achieve a certain level of performance , the resistors ( R 's ) inside the converter chip must be precisely trimmed , which can make a device very expensive to manufacture , especially when true 24-bit resolution is required .
Some companies are famous for their R2R converter chip designs , such as Analog-Devices , Burr-Brown and Philips .
The 'El-Cheapo ' Method
In order to avoid the required precision in the manufacture of R2R converters ( and save manufacturing costs ) , another conversion technique became very popular .
In this conversion technique , a single switch replaced the precision resistors of the R2R DAC , and it was believed ( and shown to a certain extent ) that if only the switch was toggled fast enough , one could also achieve many different voltages .
If for example the switch is more often switched to 5V than to 0V , and if that switch-signal is run through a low-pass filter then the output voltage will also be closer to 5V , than to 0V , plus lots of noise .
This fast switching technique is employed in sigma-delta conversion and it is also the technical foundation of the newly introduced SACD or DSD format .
As a 16 bit R2R DAC is able to generate 65536 different static voltages , and a single switch can only generate 2 different voltages ( hi and low ) , a high switching frequency ( usually in the range of a couple of MegaHertz , and achieved through oversampling ) is necessary for proper operation and thus , much noise will be produced by the switching process in a sigma-delta converter .
In fact , for any practical application , the noise-level is much higher than the signal that is to be reproduced .
Therefore , this inacceptable high noise-level is shaped into higher-frequencies , as it is believed that high-frequency noise is outside the human listening range and will not degrade sound quality .
As a side effect of this high-order noise-shaping even higher noise levels are generated , residing in the high-frequency region .
To our surprise , in the technical specification of those sigma-delta DACs very low noise-levels are mentioned , and by reading the data-sheets , one could have the illusion , that a decent sound quality would be attainable by such a device .
In fact , the total noise-output is never stated in the data-sheets , and measurements only mention in-band-noise up to 20kHz , suggesting that higher frequency noise has no effect on fidelity .
Of course with this eye-closing practice only those can be fooled that also have closed ears .
In plain english : sigma-delta DACs are coarse noise-generators and when measured the way they should be measured they never make it to 16-bit resolution , do n't even think about 24 bits .
As some engineers realized that the el-cheapo method did not lead to satisfying fidelity , because with 1-bit switching performance the quantization noise level was just too much , new converters came up , being called `` multi-level sigma-delta '' .
By increasing the number of voltages from 2 ( 1-bit ) to 5 or more ( multi-level ) , the quantization noise could be reduced .
As this was still not satisfactory , some companies started introducing more levels and coined the term `` multibit sigma-delta ) , as they now use 32 or 64 voltage- or switching-levels , which make up 5 or 6-bits .
Now imagine how much money was spent in research & development to make DA-converter chips cheaper , and in the end just finding out , that more and more levels - more resolution - has to be introduced in order to make them listenable .
Just have a short break to think about it .
The more levels you introduce to sigma-delta - the more bit resolution you realize , the better it gets . Where does that lead to ?
Exactly .
It leads just all the way back to R2R converters , which have high-resolution , high accuracy and very low noise .
The Looks
See below the unfiltered output of a 1-bit sigma-delta DAC , respectively DSD/SACD :
This is supposed to be a sinewave .
Following is the output of a 3-bit ( multilevel ) sigma-delta DAC .
Well , now you can estimate , it wants to be a sinewave ; - )
And now , take a look at a good old 16-bit R2R DAC :
Do n't be afraid , to relate what you see to what you expect to hear .
The key issue that I want to address here is noise . A R2R DAC can convert noise-free , whereas any sigma-delta DAC relies on the noise in order to randomly shape the immense quantization error .
Even if the noise is technically specified to be outside the human listening range , and also specified to be easily filtered away , any real-world implementation of any sigma-delta DAC will tell your ears a different story .
And Soundwise ?
In science , the experiment decides if a theory is held valid or discarded .
This is of course difficult when a sound quality is subjectively assessed , as science only deals with instruments , as the experiment for being considered valid , must be repeated consistently .
This is the core of all arguments of the following type :
A : It is flawless and perfect in any scientific , engineering and mathematical way . B : But it sounds so bad .
or the other way :
A : You can not do that at all . It is totally wrong and you can measure numerous kinds of distortion . B : Hey , now It 's just right . This is the way a saxophone sounds : - )
Subjective Evaluation
R2R/Multibit/Ladder DAC :
What I personally like with R2R converters , is their ability to reproduce a wide variety of timbres . A cymbal can really sound like a cymbal , not like crinkling a piece of paper . A piano can have body .
It is the richness and diversity of complex harmonic structures that a well done multibit or R2R DAC is able to produce , which can make it a very musical and real sounding device .
And this is the reason why I use R2R technology inside my Attraction DAC and Tera-Player !
Position of instruments is rock-stable .
Sound has balls , and at the same time precision . It can drive
If there is any sonic signature at all , it is one which could best be described as `` chocolate-like '' .
Sigma-Delta DAC :
What I personally dislike with any sigma-delta DAC I have listened to up to now , is the lack of reproducing a voice 's or instrument 's timbre , and the lack of all other positive aspects of R2R DACs , as mentioned above .
Instead of being able to enjoy the richness and variety of different sounds , I have the impression that everything sounds the same , or has the same imprinted character , which could best be described as nervous fizzle .
There is no tone and no body . No balls , no precision , no transparency and no drive .
What is left is the annoying sonic signature , ranging from `` acid to pink hiss '' .
The more levels or bit-resolution are introduced in a sigma-delta converter , the less annoying the sound becomes .
The worst sound can be achieved with 1-bit modulators , as found in DSD , respectively SACD .
Apart from SACD being a complete waste of storage space , the achieved resolution is low , and the musical presentation ranges from `` very lame without detail and drive '' to `` more detail but very acid '' .
PS : For being fair , some people relate what I call `` nervous fizzle '' to `` very wide and open soundstage '' . I consider this an issue of listening level , or perhaps - in better words : personal preference . To me , the realness of a musical presentation is to a large part determined by correct timbre ( tone ) of instruments and voices .
PPS : Recently I was able to audition a very expensive and high-performance CD-player that runs on 4x AD1955 sigma-delta converters per channel . Although that was definitely the best and smoothest sigma-delta presentation I had heard by then , I was not completely satisfied . One or two octaves were underrepresented in the lower end , soundstage was quite narrow , although none of the typical switching noise was apparent . But subjectively the worst and most consistent problem was the inability to play different timbres . Every instrument sounded the same , as if covered with a gloss of plastic , not PVC but a higher quality plastic ...
PPPS : And this is the reason why I completely avoid Sigma-Delta technology in any and all of my audio products .
Okay , that was enough
Lets focus on something positive : There are still R2R DACs available .
Texas Instruments offers some great R2R DACs that were developed by Burr-Brown . The flag-ship is the PCM1704 , which is the only audio converter available with true 24-bit noise-free resolution .
R2R DACs from other manufacturers are available as New-Old-Stock , hopefully at least for so long , until they are being manufactured again .
There used to be a time when CDs and flash drives were a godsend , allowing us to digitally store anything we felt like for later perusal . Sure , they 're used to some extent , but cloud storage has largely overtaken those forms in our day-to-day usage . We remotely save and access data everyday from our computers and smartphones .
While a lot of these cloud storage providers offer a subscription based “ unlimited plan ” , one user set out to find just how unlimited they actually are . More specifically , how much would Amazon 's unlimited data plan let you hoard .
Reddit user beaston02 seemed determined to discover the upper limits of Amazon 's cloud storage , of which the unlimited plan was killed off earlier in June . In fact , others on Reddit speculate they may be a major reason the plan was killed off . That 's because beaston02 was hoarding a massive cache of porn in their cloud storage account . Specifically , one petabyte ( 1 million GB ) worth of it .
To achieve the feat , beaston02 compiled a code that would record public shows from a number of adult webcam sites , including CamSoda , Chaturbate , and MyFreeCams . “ It is nearly entirely porn , ” they posted on Reddit . “ Ever since I got into computers , I found myself learning more , and faster when it was something more interesting . Call me crazy , but women interest me more than most other things on the internet and there is a huge amount of data being created daily , so it was a good fit for the project . ”
Do n't Miss 1.8 K SHARES 1.7 K SHARES 617 SHARES 2.7 K SHARES
Beaston02 eventually ditched the project when their interest waned a couple of months ago , stopping just shy of the 1.8 petabyte mark , and making their collection available on GitHub . Other Redditors have now joined forces on what they 're calling the ‘ Petabyte Porn Project ' , continuing to archive these public cam shows on both Amazon and Google 's cloud storage
So just how much porn does 1 petabyte add up to ? Well , an average 720p video would work out to about 2GB per hour . However , most cam websites offer a significantly lower quality , making it best to average them at about 480p . That means , at about 0.7GB per hour , beaston02 archived approximately 293 years worth of porn .
No matter the situation , no one can ever be that bored .
The once-webcomic-now-gaming-empire Penny Arcade continues to make waves in the industry , and with news of its new independent games portal Greenhouse , even more industry eyes are on both Penny Arcade and Hothead Games , developers of the upcoming Penny Arcade game On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness . The game wo n't just be available on the PC ( including a nifty piece of licensing that allows a single purchase to cover Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux ) , but also on the Xbox Live Arcade . Ars caught up with Mike `` Gabe '' Krahulik of Penny Arcade as well as the CEO of Hothead Games to find out how tough it was to work with Microsoft and bring On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness to Xbox Live .
We asked Vlad Ceraldi , CEO of Hothead Games about the process . `` There has only been one other 'M ' rated game on Live Arcade , so the first hurdle was actually getting everyone that needed to be involved in a large organization to understand what the game was actually all about , '' they explained to Ars . `` The second hurdle was the release schedule—we originally decided to launch the PC versions in late 2007 and the Live version in early 2008 . '' ( Hothead has yet to announce a firm release date . )
Surprisingly , that did n't end up being a problem . `` When we decided to launch all the versions simultaneously , Microsoft worked with us to remove as many roadblocks as possible with their processes to ensure the game could be released as close to our original intended date as possible , '' Ceraldi continued . `` Microsoft is a large organization , so although there are some issues that come up that make you wonder how anything gets done , they suddenly surprise you with their agility and adeptness at dealing with change . ''
Mike Krahulik , the artist behind Penny Arcade , also described the process in positive terms . `` It was n't really difficult because we never felt like we 'had ' to get it on the Xbox . We went into it saying 'This is our game , and if they do n't want it or they want us to change it , then we 'll just forget about the Xbox ' , '' they explained to Ars . `` The truth is that Microsoft did want it , and they did n't want to change it at all , so there was really no problem . Working with them has actually been pretty painless other than the fact that when you work with any big company it takes a long time to do anything . There 's really no getting around that , though . ''
Dealing with Microsoft to bring the Penny Arcade game to the Live Arcade is only part of the story , as the title will also be sold via the Greenhouse site . The indie-games portal run by Penny Arcade and Hothead Games will be a home for more titles , but Krahulik does n't feel the need to rush that aspect of their plans . `` Right now our main focus is working any kinks out of the store and launching the [ Penny Arcade ] game . Once that 's done we can turn our attention to other games , '' they told us . `` The response from independent developers has been pretty crazy already but we 're not at point where I can give you any titles . ''
Considering they and Jerry Holkins such long-standing critics of both games and gaming culture , Krahulik does n't sound that intimidated by releasing their own game—even though all the news organizations and game publishers they 've mocked in the past will have the opportunity to rub their faces in it if the game disappoints . `` I 'm really excited to see what people think of it , '' they told Ars . `` I 'd be lying if I said I was n't nervous but we 've been making stuff and putting it online for ten years now . If there is one thing we 've learned it 's that you can never please everyone .
`` Just like with the comic , not everyone is gon na like it . The only thing we can do is keep making stuff that we like and hope it 's appreciated . So far that strategy has worked for us and I think it will be the same with the game . ''
Nigel Farage has admitted that their party will be `` buried '' if people are able to link the UK Independence Party to a `` racist age '' .
The Ukip leader made the unguarded comments at a meeting of senior party figures following allegedly racist comments made by a councillor on the internet .
The Telegraph has been passed a copy of minutes made at the meeting of Ukip 's national executive committee which met to discuss Chris Pain , who was suspended by UKip in 2013 over allegedly racist posts on their Facebook page .
Mr Pain claimed the posts were the work of a malicious hacker . A police investigation could not find sufficient evidence to prosecute .
At the meeting , held in June 2013 , Mr Farage described the alleged comments as a `` grave lack of judgement '' .
They warned that `` the one thing that is able to bury the Party if [ sic ] they can link us with a racist age '' .
Their comments show the level of concern amongst senior members of Ukip about the party being linked to allegations of racism .
Both the Conservatives and Labour have attempted to paint Ukip as a party with old-fashioned views that has no place in modern Britain .
A series of figures in Ukip also appeared to use the meeting to attempt to brush Mr Pain 's alleged comments under the carpet .
David Coburn , now an MEP in Scotland , described the controversy as `` a technical/PR problem ' and asked : `` Do have anyone that can come up with a sufficiently greasy excuse ? ''
Ukip has in recent months been embroiled in a number of controversies surrounding allegedly racist comments made by its candidates and members .
The party was forced to distance itself from a claim by Kent councillor Trevor Shonk that the established parties `` have made the country racist because of the influx '' of immigration .
And Kerry Smith was axed as a would-be MP after it emerged they mocked gay party members as `` poofters '' , joked about shooting people from Chigwell in a `` peasant hunt '' and referred to someone as a `` Chinky bird '' .
Mr Farage defended the language , saying Mr Smith was a `` rough diamond '' council house boy who `` speaks in a way that a lot of people from that background do '' .
Douglas Carswell , who earlier this year became Ukip 's first MP in the Commons after defecting from the Conservatives , has warned that their party must show an `` inclusive '' face and not blame immigrants for Britain 's woes if it is to become a serious force in politics .
They said that a said that a dislike of foreigners was `` not merely offensive but absurd '' .
“ No Ukip candidate should ever make the mistake of blaming outsiders for the failings of political insiders in Westminster , ” they said .
“ There has never been anything splendid about isolation .
“ It was our interdependence that put the Great into Great Britain - and it is what sustains our living standards today . In such a world , a dislike of foreigners is not merely offensive , but absurd . ”
Ukip did not respond to requests for a comment .
Two rituals of protest have largely defined the national Occupy Wall Street movements : on the one hand , tetchy and often violent confrontations with the police ; on the other , a democratic commitment to true consensus . These also happen to be the hallmarks of anarchism , a political philosophy with roots dating to the 18th century , which is currently experiencing its widest florescence in the United States in nearly 100 years .
Jews were deeply involved in the movements previous heyday . In the 1880s and 90s , immigrants from Russia or Eastern Europe carried their anarchist beliefs with them to New York City . Among Jewish radicals , Vivian Gornick writes in a recent biography of Emma Goldman , none were more dynamic than the anarchists , who in their unaccommodating view of capitalist reality often struck the note most emotionally satisfying . In 1890 , the anarchist periodical Freie Arbeiter Stimme — the Free Voice of Labor — began publishing in Yiddish . And by the turn of the 20th century , New York Citys Lower East Side was an international center of the movement , boasting such world-renowned Jewish anarchist leaders as Goldman , Alexander Berkman and a host of others . They were revolted by the entire ethic of capitalism that they found here in the United States , historian Paul Avrich has said . So what they did was to replace this world with a counter world — American culture with a counter culture — and they began to establish their whole anarchist culture .
Occupy Wall Street activists marching to Zuccotti Park , Dec. 1 , 2011 . AP
Historically , anarchism has been most appealing to those who , like Jewish radicals in Russia , found themselves without any representation . Unskilled laborers shunned by the organized trade union movement , the homeless and unemployed — these were the constituency for the ideas of its orators . If todays participants in the Occupation movement feel themselves to be politically unrepresented , if they find that their concerns and ideas do not get voiced within the two-party system , then it is little surprise that they are participating in that same tradition .
Read more at the Forward .
Mar 3 , 2014 ; Houston , TX , USA ; Houston Dynamo team president Chris Canetti speaks during the Houston Dynamo season kick-off luncheon at BBVA Compass Stadium . Mandatory Credit : Andrew Richardson-USA TODAY Sports
While MLS teams a lining up to start their own USL-Pro teams for 2015 , the Houston Dynamo have their eyes on 2016 . They are hoping to start their own USL-Pro team and McAllen , TX has been rumored as a one possible location . However , nothing is set and stone and McAllen is one of many Texas cities and towns interested in housing the Dynamo 's USL-Pro team .
Dynamo general manager Chris Canetti spoke with Playing for 90 about the Dynamo 's plans moving forward .
“ McAllen is one of many options , ” Canetti told Playing for 90 . “ Doing it in Houston is another option and other cities have stepped up . We ( the Dynamo organization ) have to look at each individual market and weigh the options . ”
Currently , the Dynamo 's USL-Pro affiliate is the Pittsburgh Riverhounds and the Dynamo have had three to four players in Pittsburgh for most of the season .
“ Pittsburgh is a good affiliate ; there were no issue with them specifically , but we did n't have control over the development of our players that spent most of their seasons with the Riverhounds ” , Canetti said describing their MLS-USL Pro affiliation .
MLS are announcing their own USL-Pro teams for many reasons . For the Dynamo , it is about having more control over the development and training of their players .
“ The MLS-USL Pro affiliation is no different than any other sport like MLB teams partnering with their minor league teams . For us , it was about asking if an affiliation was the best way to go . Our answer was creating , forming , and operating our own squad ”
By owning , operating , and running their own USL-Pro team , they have control of instilling the “ Dynamo way. ” They will have full control over the team with the parent club owning the affiliate .
With this team and the much logistics in the planning phase , the Dynamo must figure out what to do in 2015 . Do they remain affiliate with Pittsburgh or team up with the Austin Aztex , who made the move from USL-PDL to USL-Pro after the 2014 season . To me , it would make most logistical sense to partner with Austin in 2015 .
For now , the Canetti has no definite answer but noted “ Austin is the only local team. ” They made it clear though that the affiliation would only last one year with the club launching their own team in 2016 .
“ The timeline is being worked on and when certain announcements will be made . ”
Stay tuned to Playing for 90 for the latest the Dynamo 's USL-Pro team developments and other soccer related news .
Related :
Houston Dynamo Eye USL-Pro Team by 2016
Taking a look back at seven days of news and headlines across the world of Android , this week 's Android Circuit includes the latest details on the Galaxy Note hardware and pricing , new details on the Google Pixel 2 screens , the Nokia 6 's potential worldwide release , the OnePlus 5 being compared to its predecessor , the EU 's anti trust cast and the implications for Android , Microsoft 's latest Android advances , and why ten years of iPhone is still beaten by Android .
Android Circuit is here to remind you of a few of the many things that have happened around Android in the last week ( and you can find the weekly Apple news digest here ) .
Galaxy Note 8 's Massive Price Tag
Samsung 's Galaxy Note 8 looks set to be one of the most advanced smartphones on the planet when it is announced in August , But the technology is not going to come cheap and an unlocked version of the phablet is going to comfortably cost a four-figure sum . Forbes ' Gordon Kelly reports :
Posting on VentureBeat , famed leaker Evan Blass ( aka @ evleaks ) states that Samsung is currently informing partners that the model will be “ its most expensive cellphone yet ” and retail for €999 ( over $ 1,100 ) . Blass claims says the pricing comes via “ an individual briefed on the company 's plans ” and their long ( and highly accurate ) track record means we should take this information seriously . The flipside to this huge price tag is Galaxy Note 8 owners look set to get a lot for their money .
More on the pricing here .
Note 8 Fingerprint Features On The Rear
Thanks to the various leaks of schematics and rendered images we have a very good idea on the design of the Note 8 . That means the question over the fingerprint scanner has been quietly answered , because it can be seen on the rear of the design . Samsung 's shot at innovating with a screen-based fingerprint reader looks unlikely to happen this year :
As previously discussed here on Forbes , Samsung is having to back down from placing the fingerprint sensor under the screen of the upcoming phablet . If this had been achieved it would have given Samsung an impressive technological ‘ first ' . Unfortunately it has been reported that the part of the screen with the sensor was not able to be color-matched to the rest of the screen . The Galaxy Note 8 will retain the expansive and dominant screen , but the requirements in the Android specifications for a fingerprint scanner mean that it has to go somewhere else . And Samsung 's answer appears to be 'put it next to the camera on the rear of the device ' .
My thoughts on the issue are here .
Pixel 2 Screens Revealed
As well as backing up the claims of an OLED screen , details from the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL supply lines confirm the physical screen of Google 's own 2017 handsets . I 've taken a closer look at what this means for the smartphones :
The smaller Pixel 2 is expected to support a 4.97-inch screen , broadly similar to the 5-inch FHD panel used in 2016 's model . The larger Pixel 2 trumps the 5.5 inches of the Pixel XL with a 5.99-inch QHD screen . These screens are expected to be supplied by LG ( reports Mario Tomás Serrafero for XDA Developers ) , while the handsets will again be manufactured for Google by HTC . …Although three models were initially discussed , the Pixel 2 family looks to have settled on a ‘ regular ' smartphone and a ‘ phablet ' device to meet market expectations . It also allows the Pixel 2 line to draw a direct comparison to families such as the Android powered Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus , and presumably Apple 's update to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus which should be announced in the weeks before the Pixel 2 .
More details here on Forbes .
Nokia 6 Set For Worldwide Release
Launched into the Chinese market at the end of CES 2017 , HMD Global 's first Nokia-branded smartphone appears set for a worldwide release next month . The mid-range handset could be ready to show up on Amazon , reports Paul Sawers :
The Nokia 6 will be made available exclusively through Amazon for $ 229 in “ early July , ” with only two color variants available at first — black and silver . It will also be made available in blue and copper later in the year . There is nothing particularly standout about the device : It ships with Android Nougat and sports a Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 chipset , dual-SIM , 3GB of RAM , and 32GB of storage — expandable up to 128GB via the MicroSD slot . It also has a 5.5″ IPS LCD screen ( full HD at 1920 x 1080 ) , a 16MP rear-facing camera , 8MP front-shooter , and a 3,000 mAh battery .
More at Venture Beat .
OnePlus 5 Versus The OnePlus 3T
The recent launch of the OnePlus 5 ( reviewed here ) brings the Shenzhen-based manufacturer 's flagship handset into line with the current ‘ top ' specs . That said , six months ago it refreshed its line-up with the launch of the OnePlus 3T . How much as changed since then ? Gordon Kelly makes the comparisons , including the new dual camera at the rear :
With the relatively subtle changes to the OnePlus 5 display and design , it is up to the camera to provide the biggest upgrade from the OnePlus 3T and OnePlus 3 : * OnePlus 5 - Rear : 16 MP , f/1.7 aperture , 1.12 µm , EIS ( gyro ) and 20 MP , f/2.6 , 1.0 µm 2x optical zoom , no OIS and dual-LED flash .
* OnePlus 3T - Rear : 16 MP , f/2.0 , OIS , LED flash . Front : 16 MP , f/2.0 , 1.0 µm pixel size , 1080p Yes that 's a lot specifications . The upshot however is the OnePlus 5 can deliver 2x optical zoom ( via a slight cheat ) and combine both its rear camera to deliver a Portrait Mode ( think heavy background bokeh to mimic the effect of a DSLR ) similar to the iPhone 7 Plus .
Read more on the two devices here .
The Impact On Android Of The EU Antitrust Case
While this week 's ruling from the European Union 's Antitrust Regulators does not have a direct impact on Android , the EU is in the process of looking at AdSense and Android . The ruling points towards the EU 's attitudes to the Mountain View dominance .
The EU ruling is a warning shot for two on-going EU probes into Google 's Android mobile operating system and AdSense ad system , said Richard Windsor , an independent financial analyst who tracks competition among the biggest U.S. and Asian Internet and mobile players , including Google . `` If the European Union turns around and says Google can no longer bundle its Google Play app store as a default feature on many Android smartphones , this opens up the market to other handset makers to put their own software and services front and center on their phones , '' they said .
Fortune has more details .
Microsoft Improves OneNote For Android
Microsoft continues to build up and improve its offerings for Android . This week saw a major update to its note-taking and digital scrapbooking application OneNote . As Sean Chan reports , the Android app has caught up with the other clients , as well as bringing in a web snipping tool :
Today , the company has started rolling out the enhanced design for the OneNote app to Android smartphones as well . The new and improved OneNote design offers a simplified navigation system and improves accessibility for users with assistive technology across all platforms , and that includes Android phones , too . In addition to the improved design , Microsoft is also bringing the OneNote Web Clipper to Android . The app now integrates into the share system for browsers , which means you can now save entire web pages to OneNote just like you can on the desktop thanks to the OneNote Web Clipper .
More at MS Power User .
And Finally…
In the week where every publication is remembering that it has been ten years since the first iPhone went on sale , Seth Fiegerman highlights that in terms of dominance , Android is far and ahead the more successful platform .
Apple created the modern smartphone as we know it , but Android went on to dominate the market through numerous partnerships with carriers and lower prices . In the first quarter of this year , a staggering 86 % of smartphones sold worldwide ran on Android , according to data from Gartner .
What happened next ? Read on at CNN .
Android Circuit rounds up the news from the Android world every weekend here on Forbes . Do n't forget to follow me so you do n't miss any coverage in the future , and of course read the sister column in Apple Loop ! Last week 's Android Circuit can be found here , and if you have any news and links you 'd like to see featured in Android Circuit , get in touch !
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
The mother of the Boston Marathon bombing suspects is a `` person of interest '' to federal authorities seeking to learn who radicalized one or both of their sons , according to lawmakers , and a separate report said they were on a federal terrorism database some 18 months before the attack .
Zubeidat Tsarnaeva , who had reportedly become more militant in their Muslim faith around the same time as their son , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , was added to the classified intelligence database known by the acronym TIDE at the CIA 's request . Two key lawmakers said authorities now want to know if they helped put their son , who died a week ago following a shootout with police in Massachusetts , on the road to radicalism .
`` She is a person of interest that we 're looking at to see if they helped radicalize their son , or had contacts with other people or other terrorist groups , '' Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger , D-Md. , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , told reporters .
Rep. Michael McCaul , R-Texas , who chairs the House Homeland Security Committee , also pointed to Zubeidat as someone who may have led Tamerlan down the path toward Islamic extremism .
`` The mother in my judgment has a role in their radicalization process in terms of their influence over them ( and ) fundamental views of Islam , '' McCaul said .
Tsarnaeva was put on the database after Russia told the CIA the mother and son were religious militants preparing to travel to Russia , the AP reported . It has already been widely reported that Tamerlan Tsarnaev , the 26-year-old suspect who died after a shootout with police in Massachusetts a week ago , was on the list .
More On This ...
The Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment database contains between 500,000 and 1 million names of people on the radar of various national security agencies , but a person 's presence on the list does not automatically mean they or they are suspected of terrorist activity and does not automatically subject them to surveillance , security screening or travel restrictions .
Zubeidat Tsarnaeva said they were not planning to travel to the U.S. in the wake of one son 's death and the other 's arrest , though their ex-husband was planning to . But they told Fox News Friday that their ex-husband , Anzor Tsarnaev , was being taken Friday to a hospital in Moscow to treat what they described as `` nerves , head , stomach and elevated blood pressure . ''
Anzor Tsarnaev had planned to fly to the U.S. from the semi-autonomous southern Russian republic of Dagestan as early as Thursday . Their sons , 26-year-old Tamerlan and 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , are responsible for detonating two bombs at the Boston Marathon last week , killing three and injuring more than 180 people , according to federal law enforcement officials .
In a press conference on Thursday , Anzor Tsarnaev said they were coming to the U.S. to bury their eldest son and `` find out the truth '' — while their ex-wife , who sat beside him , questioned whether the attack even took place .
Tamerlan Tsarnaev , believed to be the mastermind behind the attacks , died in a fierce gun battle with police four days after the deadly attacks . Their body has not yet been claimed .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who was wounded in the gun fight with authorities , has been transported from the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center to the Federal Medical Center at Fort Devens in Ft. Devens , Mass. , U.S . Marshals Service spokesperson Drew Wade said . They face a charge of use of a weapon of mass destruction that could carry the death penalty .
Speaking to reporters from the mountainous southern Russian region of Dagestan , Anzor Tsarnaev said Thursday that they still are n't convinced their sons set the bombs on April 15 .
“ I am going to the United States , ” Tsarnaev said , punctuating their words by banging on the table . “ I want to say that I am going there to see my son , to bury the older one . I do n't have any bad intentions . I do n't plan to blow up anything . ''
The suspects ' mother , who has an outstanding warrant for shoplifting , is apparently not planning to make the trip . They expressed sympathy for the victims , yet questioned whether the bombing occurred , suggesting red paint was used to simulate blood on Boston 's Boylston Street .
`` That 's what I want to know , because everybody 's talking about it — that this is a show , that 's what I want to know , '' they told reporters . `` That 's what I want to understand . ''
The press conference Thursday came hours before New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced that the two planned to detonate their remaining explosives in New York 's Times Square .
Anzor Tsarnaev — who has previously said they believe their sons were set up , despite Dzhokhar 's alleged confession from their hospital bed — said they planned to leave as early as Thursday .
`` I am not angry at anyone , '' they said . `` I want to go find out the truth . ''
But Zubeidat Tsarnaeva told Fox News that it will take their ex-husband at least two days to decide whether they are able to make the trip . They said the two were en route to a hospital in Moscow and will make further decisions about travel from there .
Zubeidat Tsarnaeva remains wanted on felony shoplifting and property damage charges in Massachusetts , according to court officials , and is concerned they could be arrested . Tsarnaeva said they had been assured by lawyers , however , that they would not be .
They said they now regret moving their family to the United States .
`` I thought America was going to , like , protect us , our kids , it 's going to be safe , '' Zubeidat Tsarnaeva told reporters . `` But it happened , opposite . My kids just — America took my kids away from me . ''
Anzor Tsarnaev told reporters that Tamerlan stayed with them in Makhachkala , Dagestan 's capital , during a trip their eldest son made in January 2012 . Tsarnaev said they visited relatives in Chechnya and worked on an apartment in Makhachkala , but stressed that they were always together , including during trips to mosques . Tamerlan had made the trip primarily to obtain a Russian passport , they said .
Anzor Tsarnaev , who said their relatives were receiving threats in Dagestan , said Tamerlan never showed particular interest in the plight of the Chechen people or its two recent wars .
On Wednesday , Anzor Tsarnaev confirmed to Fox News that FBI and Russian authorities had visited him , adding that FBI officials were polite while asking them questions .
The Tsarnaev family emigrated to the U.S. a decade ago , but both parents returned to Russia last year . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev became a U.S. citizen last year , but Tamerlan had not yet earned citizenship .
Also Thursday , Russian President Vladimir Putin said the bombings should spur stronger security cooperation between Moscow and Washington , adding that they also show that the West was wrong in supporting militants in Chechnya .
`` This tragedy should push us closer in fending off common threats , including terrorism , which is one of the biggest and most dangerous of them , '' Putin said during their annual call-in show on state television .
Putin warned against trying to find the roots for the Boston tragedy in the suffering endured by the Chechen people , particularly in mass deportations of Chechens to Siberia and Central Asia on Soviet dictator Josef Stalin 's orders .
`` The cause is n't in their ethnicity or religion , it 's in their extremist sentiments , '' Putin said .
Fox News ' Amy Kellogg and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Donald Trump on Monday said that they “ never spoke ” to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi before donating to a group backing their re-election as their office considered launching a fraud investigation into Trump University .
That claim contradicts an Associated Press story from June that said Bondi “ personally solicited ” a political contribution from Trump .
“ I never spoke to them First of all , she 's a fine person beyond reproach , ” Trump told reporters traveling on their plane , according to CBS News ' Sopan Deb . “ I never even spoke to them about it at all . She 's a fine person . Never spoken to them about it . Never . Many of the attorney generals turned that case down because I 'll win that case in court , many turned that down . I never spoke to them about it . ”
Last week , Trump paid a $ 2,500 penalty to the IRS for the $ 25,000 donation their charitable foundation made in 2013 to And Justice For All , a political committee backing Bondi 's re-election .
The gift , which the Trump Foundation , a registered nonprofit , was legally prohibited from making , came as Bondi was weighing whether to pursue fraud allegations against the now-defunct Trump University . After the check came in , Bondi decided not to pursue the case .
Contrary to Trump 's claims that the two never discussed the case or donation , Bondi 's representative Marc Reichelderfer told the AP in June that Bondi spoke with Trump “ several weeks ” before announcing that they were been considering the fraud case . The AP reported that the attorney general “ personally solicited ” the donation .
Asked what they wanted to get out of the financial contribution if not an end to the investigation , Trump said that they were simply helping out a longtime acquaintance .
“ I 've just known Pam Bondi for years , ” Trump said on Monday . “ I have a lot of respect for them Never spoke to them about that at all . And just have a lot of respect for them as a person . And they have done an amazing job as the attorney general of Florida . They are very popular . ”
Bondi has endorsed Trump and appeared with them at campaign rallies on the 2016 trail .
While Hillary Clinton 's campaign has called the donation “ an actual pay-to-play scandal , ” Trump 's team has dismissed the improper gift as a “ minor issue . ”
“ This was a minor issue that was brought to the attention of the foundation and addressed immediately , ” their team said in a statement to MSNBC . “ Mr . Trump paid the fine . ”
photo copyrighted by ilka hartmann The Alcatraz Indian Occupation
It makes prison officials nervous , but campaigners and tech companies argue that getting inmates digitally connected will help with rehabilitation
For most of the developed world , internet access is a given . Google , Amazon , Facebook offer a privileged world of communication , entertainment , shopping and education that many of us take for granted . Unless , that is , you happen to be incarcerated .
Aside from limited connections at a handful of juvenile detention facilities , there 's no way for America 's 2.3 million inmates to access the internet . Worse , institutions may punish inmates when their families post online on their behalf . Prison authorities cite concerns that inmates will use the internet to harass victims or threaten witnesses , arrange for deliveries of contraband or commit new crimes online .
Digital education is safe , cheap , effective , and one thing we can do to make us safer and save taxpayer dollars Steve Good , Five Keys Charter School
But in a world increasingly defined by technology , denying internet access makes it harder for inmates to prepare for life on the outside , notes Dave Maass , investigative researcher for campaign group the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) . It makes it harder for inmates to report on conditions inside prisons or communicate with their families – and also contravenes the May 2011 declaration by the UN that internet access is now a fundamental human right .
Internet access is simply not a top priority for most activists , says David Fathi , director of the ACLU National Prison Project . Most of their work is concerned with making sure prisoners get basic medical and mental healthcare , and making sure prisoners are n't attacked by other inmates or staff . Yet prisons do have an obligation to maintain inmates ' first amendment rights , and being internet savvy is rapidly becoming an essential survival skill . “ If you want prisoners to succeed , go straight , and get a job when they get out , it does n't make sense to cut them off from an increasingly essential part of the world , ” Fathi adds .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Inmates using tablets from Edovo , a company that distributes a basic tablet to a dozen states across the country . Photograph : Edovo
Ryan Baxter is serving a 10-year sentence at North Dakota state penitentiary for possession of drugs with intent to deliver . They use a tablet PC to stay in touch with their family . Their parents visit every few months , but their primary contact with the outside world is via email , which they create on the tablet then uploads via one of the prison 's kiosks . They use their tablet for between two and fours hours a day , mostly to listen to music or play games . But email , they say , is their lifeline .
“ If I get a little depressed or have thoughts I need to get off my chest , I can sit down and type them out on the tablet without having to wait in line at the kiosk , ” they say . “ Most of my family is on the west or east coast , so email is great for inmates like me who do n't have as many physical visits with their family . ”
Publishing from prison
Some inmates manage to work around these restrictions to publish online . Chelsea Manning , serving 35 years in for leaking more than 700,000 government files to WikiLeaks , publishes regularly on Medium ( and also contributes to the Guardian ) by relying on supporters to post them for them “ Her articles are either dictated over the phone or mailed as letters , ” writes Melissa Keith of the Chelsea Manning Support Network . “ Comments to their pieces are read aloud to them on the phone or printed out and mailed back to her . ”
The banning of books in prisons : 'It 's like living in the dark ages ' Read more
Barrett Brown , serving more than five years in federal prison for their role in the 2012 hack of the Stratfor intelligence firm , regularly publishes on the Intercept using the federal prisons ' private email system . Every message is read and approved by prison officials before it is transmitted . “ Back when Barrett was in the hole – and thus without email or phone access – they used to send the column on paper , handwritten in pencil , ” adds Roger Hodge , the Intercept 's national editor .
Many prison systems prohibit any internet activity other than email , and some states ban inmates from Facebook – even banning friends or family from posting on their behalf .
In February 2015 , EFF issued a scathing report detailing how the South Carolina department of corrections punished nearly 400 inmates for “ conspiracy , aiding , [ or ] abetting in the creation or updating of an internet web site or social networking site ” . The average punishment for accessing social media is 517 days in disciplinary detention , the report claimed . In the most egregious case , inmate Tyheem Harris received 37.5 years in solitary confinement – far exceeding the amount of time he 'll spend in prison – for making 38 posts to Facebook .
Alabama , Indiana , Maine , New Mexico , North Dakota and Texas also restrict prisoners from having active social media accounts , while Facebook 's own terms of service forbid friends or family members from managing an individual 's account . Since EFF 's report , Facebook has made it more difficult to remove inmates ' pages , and now requires legal authority to remove accounts or proof of a potential safety risk .
‘ A drop in recidivism '
Despite the US correctional system 's aversion to change , technology is slowly making its way between the bars . Over the last two years , companies including American Prison Data Systems , Edovo and JPay have begun to distribute basic tablet computers to thousands of inmates , offering educational and entertainment content which , they say , can help improve behavior and reduce the chances of recidivism .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The JPay tablet , used in some US prisons . Photograph : JPay
JPay has distributed 80,000 of its JP5S tablets to US prisons , and claims an immediate “ improvement in prison culture and a drop in recidivism ” . A modified 7in Android tablet , the JP5S looks like a less colorful version of a tablet designed for preschoolers , but with a clear case that prevents inmates from hiding contraband materials inside . It is preloaded with 20 apps including email , an ebook reader , music player , games , tutorials on how to develop job skills and handle money and a selection of educational videos .
At North Dakota state penitentiary , a maximum security facility for men , nearly 700 inmates use tablets made by Florida-based JPay for communication , entertainment or education , says deputy warden Troy Schulz . Inmates plug their tablets into one of the prison 's 14 kiosks to update their messages , music and games . They are limited to 15 minutes , though the prison offers extended access as a reward for good behavior , says Schulz .
Bridging ‘ the digital moat '
At the Five Keys charter school inside the San Francisco county jail , more than 200 adult inmates acquire skills and earn high school credits using tablets provided by American Prison Data Systems .
Since the program launched in October 2014 , more than 1,000 inmates have used the specially modified Samsung tablets , which offer access to educational material from a dozen sources including Kahn Academy , Brain Pop and TED Talks . The tablets connect to a secure private network , are monitored remotely 24/7 and can be immediately shut down at the request of prison officials , says Chris Grewe , CEO of American Prison Data Systems ( APDS ) .
“ Until recently , correctional institutions were surrounded by a digital moat , isolating the people inside , ” says Grewe . “ We 're trying to build a bridge across that moat . But first we had to convince prison officials we 'd developed a safe and secure platform that could let the good parts of the internet in while excluding the bad things . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A tablet from American Prison Data Systems . Photograph : American Prison Data Systems
Edovo 's tablets , secured and encased versions of the 7or 8in Samsung Galaxy Tabs , are used in a dozen states across the country , says CEO Brian Hill . Each morning they 're distributed to inmates , who earn points by taking educational and rehabilitative courses , and can spend those points later on games , music or videos .
Hill says the company wants to help reform the criminal justice system by “ bringing thousands of hours of educational content and drug treatment programs to inmates on a daily basis ” .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An Edovo tablet computer . Photograph : Edovo
Profiting from prison ?
Current prison email service providers typically charge between 5 cents to $ 1.25 per message , according to the Prison Policy Initiative .
JPay charges prisoners and their families $ 120 to buy the tablet , 35 cents to send and receive an email message and about $ 10 for a 30-minute video message . Some state prison systems charge JPay to operate inside their walls . JPay declined to say how much , but said most states spend the money on sports equipment for inmates .
“ They charge an arm and a leg for crappy substandard service , ” claims Paul Wright , director of the Human Rights Defense Center , who accuses companies like JPay of “ monetizing human contact ” . “ And they 're giving kickbacks to government for monopoly contracts to financially exploit people in captivity . ”
Every prison should be connected , but I fear they would n't secure it properly . All you need is one message to a victim Brian Hill , Edovo CEO
A JPay spokesperson said : “ JPay works with facilities to implement comprehensive , systematic platforms and infrastructures to make technologies available to inmates so they can stay connected to their loved ones , as well as educate and rehabilitate themselves . We spend our own money to deploy that infrastructure and conduct ongoing maintenance , therefore there are fees associated with using our products and services . ”
Steve Good , director of the Five Keys charter school , estimates that the APDS tablet program costs from $ 85,000 to $ 100,000 a year , funded largely by grants from the California Wellness Foundation . APDS is a for-profit Public Benefit Corporation , requiring it to weigh the social impact of its actions against its potential profits .
Edovo leases its tablets to municipalities for $ 1.25 to $ 1.75 a day , with fees often paid through the facility 's inmate welfare fund . “ All society benefits hugely from investing in educating the incarcerated , ” says Hill . “ Digital education is safe , cheap , effective , and one of the few things we can do that will both make us safer and save taxpayer dollars . ”
21st century communications
The problem is that many prison officials are wary of technology and risk averse , says Edovo 's Hill . “ Every prison should be connected , ” they say . “ But if prisons gave unfettered internet access to inmates today , I fear they would n't know how to secure it properly . Then all you need is one inmate to send an improper email or Facebook message to a victim . When that story makes the front pages , the prisons will use that data point to make sure no one ever gets connected again . ”
And that leaves millions of Americans not only incarcerated in a cell but also frozen in a pre-internet world , says EFF 's Dave Maass .
“ This is how people communicate in 2016 , ” they say . “ We 're making fewer calls , and do most of our communications through instant messaging , Facebook and other types of social media . There 's a better chance of rehabilitation if inmates are allowed to communicate in the way people do it in the 21st century . ”
Story highlights
Issue 2 language may create hurdles on future marijuana legalization
OSU Expert : Issue 2 hurdles could effectively block voters from deciding issues
Marijuana Initiative Group Seeking Legal Opinion
There 's a buzz about Ohio 's 2015 election – and it 's mostly due to marijuana .
As with many political issues , the issue facing voters is not cut-and-dry . 10 Investigates has learned that the wording involving one of the marijuana ballot issues may create hurdles down the road for other issues .
On November 3 , voters will face two issues regarding marijuana . Issue 3 would legalize marijuana for recreational and medicinal purposes for anyone 21-years-old or older . It would also allow Ohioans to grow a limited amount in their home .
Concerned that Issue 3 also creates a monopoly by only allowing 10 growing sites in Ohio to farm marijuana for sale , Republicans and Democrats teamed up in the Ohio legislature to create Issue 2 .
Issue 2 would ban monopolies from the Ohio constitution .
The Ohio State University Moritz College of Law Constitutional law expert Doug Berman says the wording of Issue 2 has them concerned . A section of Issue 2 which discusses tax rates could be interpreted by Supreme Court justices to block a wide variety of citizen initiatives , they said .
`` Any piece of economic legislation , whether it 's about the minimum wage , whether it 's about unions , you name it , there 's at least a risk , not a guarantee , but a risk , that it will run afoul of an interpretation of Issue 2 , '' explained Berman .
Issue 2 reads : ” the Power of the initiative shall not be used to pass an amendment to this constitution that would grant or create a monopoly , oligopoly , or cartel , specify or determine a tax rate . ''
The wording also has marijuana proponents concerned .
`` Punctuation and grammar in drafting law , the devil 's in the details , '' said Jacob Wagner with Ohioans to End Prohibition . Their 2016 ballot initiative is much like Colorado 's well known marijuana legalization amendment .
Wagner said their proposal centers on opening up the marijuana market to everybody , and set a specific tax rate on sales .
However , given the language in Issue 2 , Wagner said their initiative may have to be battled out in court . Ultimately , Wagner is optimistic that Issue 2 would n't kill marijuana , but it may make the road longer . `` If it comes down to a court decision , I think the court is going to go with legislative intent , ” Wagner said .
10 Investigates asked one of the people who helped write Issue 2 weigh in what the bill could do for future voter initiatives . They asked to remain anonymous because of their continued work with lawmakers , but agrees that Issue 2 would stop a Colorado style marijuana initiative .
Of course , though , not everyone is in agreement .
Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted said Issue 2 only targets monopolies , `` because you could essentially send your own tax rate at nothing so that you 're operating by rules that are favorable to your particular industry versus another . ''
In their opinion , Issue 2 would not affect any future issues sent to voters .
`` I am the chair of the ballot board and on the ballot board . I do n't deem it to contain the fears that are being expressed , '' Husted said .
To be safe , Ohioans to End Prohibition have requested a legal analysis on Issue 2 . Once that analysis is available , 10 Investigates will update this story .
Christy Clark just unveiled a climate change plan that 's so bad their own experts are ripping it apart
Christy Clark just unveiled a climate change plan that 's so bad their own experts are ripping it apart
British Columbia Premier Christy Clark quietly unveiled their government 's new “ climate leadership plan ” on a late Friday afternoon in the middle of August before a backdrop of people dressed up as scientists in lab coats .
The good news , Clark explained , was that they were implementing “ almost all ” of the recommendations proposed by their government 's Climate Leadership Team .
The bad news ? The plan , pieced together by a former Fraser Institute director who once suggested BC school children should be shown movies attacking climate science , accepted zero recommendations in full – and it 's getting terrible reviews for failing to meet BC 's own emission reduction targets .
Here 's how those experts reacted on Friday :
Being asked as member BC 's Climate Leadership Team what I think of this plan : Pathetic and cowardly . U can quote me # bcclimateplan # bcpoli — Tzeporah Berman ( @ Tzeporah ) August 19 , 2016
BC climate leadership fizzles . BC 's carbon emissions will be about same in 2030 as today . Not leadership . # bcpoli https : //t.co/xwKRyGbVvP — Merran Smith ( @ merransmith ) August 19 , 2016
Even Dr. Sybil Seitzinger of the Pacific Institute for Climate Solutions – the one expert Clark brought in to speak at the press conference – was highly critical of the plan :
Pacific Institute of Climate Solutions says @ christyclarkbc ‘ s new climate plan leaves “ a long way to go. ” # bcpoli pic.twitter.com/zwLaHzmStL — Elizabeth McSheffrey ( @ emcsheff ) August 19 , 2016
Here are a few reasons Clark 's own experts are n't happy :
Clark ignored key recommendations by the panel of experts
I sat on the BC Climate Leadership Team . Number of our 32 recommendations accepted in full today ? Zero . # BCClimatePlan # bcpoli — Tzeporah Berman ( @ Tzeporah ) August 19 , 2016
This is not a climate plan . It 's not even policy . Its just PR # bcclimateplan # bcpoli — Tzeporah Berman ( @ Tzeporah ) August 19 , 2016
An early red flag might have been when Clark appointed Fazil Mihlar as the Deputy Minister for Climate Leadership – a central role in the creation of the policy .
Mihlar was a director of the Fraser Institute , an organization whose stable of right-wing “ experts ” routinely question the science of climate change . They were also an editor on the Vancouver Sun 's editorial page where they described “ global warming ” as “ the latest weapon in the West 's arsenal to subjugate and impoverish millions of people in the Third World , ” drawing parallels between environmental policies and the “ racist behaviour ” of European colonialists .
Clark 's climate change czar also encouraged readers to “ think of coal to meet our future energy needs . ”
Meanwhile , the panel of experts appointed to help craft the plan – the Climate Leadership Team – has been raising concerns that Clark 's government was refusing to commit to their recommendations .
A few months ago , Clark 's Climate Leadership Team co-signed an editorial in the Victoria Times Colonist warning :
“ If carbon pollution continues to grow as currently projected , B.C . can not credibly call itself a climate leader . We 'll once again be part of the problem . ”
The plan wo n't put a tougher price on carbon pollution
Under new plan : Best-case scenario for British Columbia carbon pollution is that it will be the same in 2030 as it is today . Not leadership — Merran Smith ( @ merransmith ) August 19 , 2016
One of the Climate Leadership Team 's top recommendations was to meet hard emissions reduction targets through stronger regulation of emissions and increasing the province 's carbon tax by $ 10 a tonne per year by 2018 .
In the same editorial , the team noted :
“ B.C . 's carbon tax has stalled at a level that is not providing enough incentive to reduce carbon pollution . To fix that , B.C . needs a stronger carbon tax and new and improved regulations that cover a broader range of emissions . ”
But Clark 's Liberal government is already on track to miss its own legislated target a one-third reduction in emissions by 2020 .
Under the plan , BC wo n't even hit its own emission reduction targets
Fixed the graphic on p12 of BC climate plan . Now with projected emissions ! Shows how big the gap is by 2050 . # bcpoli pic.twitter.com/uZxeKbGXmV — Clean Energy Canada ( @ cleanenergycan ) August 19 , 2016
BC 's carbon emissions have been rising since Clark 's government froze its own carbon tax in 2012 .
The new plan 's emissions curbs mean the province will miss targets for 2020 , 2030 and 2050 . The measures outlined in the plan only represent a two-megatonne ( Mt ) reduction in BC 's annual carbon emissions over current levels by 2030 . BC 's legislated emissions target for 2050 is 13 Mt .
As the Pembina Institute 's Josha McNabb points out : “ under the Climate Leadership Plan released today , carbon pollution will not start to significantly decline for almost 15 years — assuming all the reductions in the plan come to fruition . This falls far short of the level of ambition needed to reach B.C . 's 2050 target and leaves the hard work for a later day . ”
Two IT contractors from India who worked at RBC in Toronto said their lives were tightly controlled by their multinational employer , while they took over the jobs of Canadian bank workers .
`` They have a rotation policy , and they make sure you do n't get settled here , '' said one of the ex-iGATE employees . `` You are always threatened that at any time you will be sent back [ to India ] . ''
The men , who now have permanent resident status in Canada and new jobs , spoke to the CBC 's Go Public under the condition they would not be identified . Go Public first broke the story Saturday of dozens of employees at RBC who were losing their jobs to temporary foreign workers .
iGATE 's operations are mainly in India . The company billed RBC more than $ 100 million for services in 2012 . ( iGATE/YouTube )
The men said they were among a group of approximately 200 Indian nationals shuttled back and forth between Canada and India , while doing work for Canada 's largest bank between 2008 and 2012 .
`` That threat is always there , so in a way you will not be able to even concentrate on your work . ''
One of the workers said , at one point , they and their family were forced to get on a plane to India with little notice , right after their wife had given birth .
`` That manager was very blunt and rude , they did n't even give me much time to explain , '' they said .
The workers said Canadian bank employees lost their jobs in the process and they felt badly about that .
Did n't come to take jobs
`` We used to hear about people getting sacked . We as persons did n't come to snatch anybody 's job , '' said one of the men . `` I can put myself in their shoes . It is like someone coming into your home and taking over . ''
They both said their employer brought them to Canada under the controversial Temporary Foreign Worker Program .
iGATE told Go Public it rotates its `` global workforce '' through Canada using that program and another type of work visa called intra company transfers , which it can do as it has Canadian sales offices .
`` I was travelling with my family , '' said one of the men , whose two children were born in Canada . `` It was a dream to come here . ''
Submit your story ideas : Go Public is an investigative news segment on CBC-TV , radio and the web .
is an investigative news segment on CBC-TV , radio and the web . We tell your stories and hold the powers that be accountable .
We want to hear from people across the country with stories they want to make public . Submit your story ideas to Kathy Tomlinson at Go Public Follow @ CBCGoPublic on Twitter
However , several immigration lawyers told Go Public it is against federal rules for foreign workers to come in en masse and take Canadian jobs , no matter what type of visa they have .
`` There are legions of Canadians qualified , willing and available for work if they knew the jobs existed . There 's something that needs to be dramatically overhauled here nationally , '' said Richard Kurland , an immigration lawyer from Vancouver .
They and two colleagues are now preparing to launch a class-action lawsuit on behalf of affected Canadian bank workers .
The iGATE workers ' stories support what dozens of bank employees and contractors have told Go Public , that foreign contractors from India are now cycling through all the major banks , for months or years at a time , displacing more and more IT staffers and local contractors .
'It 's not Canada '
`` It 's India operating on different soil . It 's not Canada , '' said a former senior bank executive , who is now a consultant . `` The banks are losing control of their business . ''
Dozens of bank insiders said the outsourcing companies getting the big contracts are Tata Consultancy Services , iGATE , IBM Global and Mahindra Satyam .
`` It 's the elephant in the room that 's finally being talked about , '' they said , adding they were upset to learn RBC paid iGATE more than $ 100 million in 2012 , according to U.S. securities filings .
`` Who earned the right to take $ 100 million of Canadian loyalty and send it to India ? ''
They and several other bank officials spoke to Go Public on the condition of anonymity .
`` Just on my floor there is at least a dozen or so iGATE people , '' said a current RBC manager .
They said RBC executives told managers , `` You can only hire a Canadian if you can show that iGATE ca n't supply the worker for you . ''
RBC head apologizes
Meanwhile , in response to Go Public 's story and the ensuing reaction about iGATE outsourcing , RBC CEO Gord Nixon is now apologizing to staff and customers .
`` Despite our best efforts , we do n't always meet everyone 's expectations , and when we get it wrong you are quick to tell us . You have my assurance that I 'm listening and we are making the following commitments , '' they wrote in an open letter to Canadians issued Thursday .
`` First , I want to apologize to the employees affected by this outsourcing arrangement as we should have been more sensitive and helpful to them . All will be offered comparable job opportunities within the bank .
`` Second , we are reviewing our supplier arrangements and policies with a continued focus on Canadian jobs and prosperity , balancing our desire to be both a successful business and a leading corporate citizen . ''
They also said RBC will keep its call centres in Canada .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper , taking questions Thursday afternoon at an event in Calgary , expressed concern about the issue .
`` We are obviously concerned about some particular stories that have surfaced , '' Harper said . `` I 'm not going to comment on those , but I can tell you we certainly have been looking into those and other cases like them and we will be in very short order bringing in a series of reforms that we have been developing to make sure this program is serving its purpose . ''
All banks involved
Meanwhile , several staffers at other Canadian banks have told Go Public they are upset about how outsourcing to foreign companies is affecting them .
`` We have many foreign workers that have displaced Canadian jobs , '' said one 25-year veteran at the Bank of Montreal . `` The departments run by [ foreign vendor ] IBM Global Resources are divided into two teams – onshore and offshore . The onshore team is brought into Toronto for a year or two and then they cycle back to India and new people come . ''
TD recently terminated several dozen IT workers including Juan Terrazas , from the Toronto area , after temporary foreign workers showed up to learn the ropes .
`` I had to train one of the guys to do the job I was leaving , '' said Terrazas .
`` One thousand-plus employees at different CIBC locations will be out of jobs by October 2013 , '' claimed an email from a group of CIBC employees . `` India employees are already in Toronto and are job-shadowing us . ''
The iGATE workers who spoke to Go Public said they lived with the threat of having to pay a stiff fine if they tried to resist going back to India when they were ordered to .
The company would require a family member to co-sign and if they did n't return to India , the family member would have to pay .
They said their contracts also barred them from applying for permanent residency in Canada . If they breached that , they or their family member in India would owe the company the equivalent of $ 6,000 .
'Indentures ' Indian relatives
`` Punishment for legally applying for permanent residency after a couple of years is off the scale and it 's unenforceable in a Canadian court of law , '' said Kurland .
They said temporary foreign workers have the legal right to apply for permanent resident status after being in Canada a minimum of one year .
`` A contract that in effect indentures a human being abroad [ family member ] based on the performance of the foreign worker in Canada is scandalous , '' said Kurland .
A spokesperson for the office of Human Resources and Skills Development Minister Diane Finley indicated their department is concerned about the situation with foreign workers .
`` Employers in Canada are subject to Canadian labour laws and must adhere to our high labour standards . Officials are investigating recent reports concerning labour market opinions granted to iGate and will look into any evidence that the program is being misused , '' said Alyson Queen .
The former bank executive said they tried to hire an iGATE worker a few years back , but the man said they could not accept .
`` He said I ca n't switch jobs , because my family would pay a penalty in India , '' the executive said .
iGATE did not respond to Go Public 's questions about why it restricts its foreign workers from applying to become Canadian residents .
Indian company profits
The workers said iGATE makes a bigger profit by sending workers home periodically , because there they can pay them much lower wages .
Figures obtained by Go Public suggest RBC pays iGATE $ 5,800 per month , on average , for each low to mid-level worker it uses for a particular IT contract . That 's $ 69,600 per year .
The workers Go Public spoke to said they were more highly skilled than average . iGATE paid them $ 63,000 per year while working in Canada and $ 12,000 for the same work in India .
The RBC manager confirmed the bank pays a set amount per worker , per job , but they do n't keep track of who is here and who is in India .
`` The banks hire offshore firms that work their guys like slaves in India and the profit margins are huge [ for the outsourcing company ] , '' said the former bank executive .
Several people said an average Canadian IT worker would be paid $ 80,000 to $ 100,000 for the same work .
`` A lot of RBC employees like myself would say there are no savings , '' said the manager , who explained two foreign contractors are often needed to do the work of one experienced employee .
`` It 's not really nearly as efficient and they think it is , and it 's a bit of a scam . ''
Jobs not coming back
Several bank employees and contractors expressed similar frustration .
Whatever money the banks save is eaten up , they believe , because they are dealing with foreign companies whose workers are often not up to speed .
`` These large institutions have all turned their backs on the capability of Canadians and hired foreigners — for millions — that know nothing about the systems and technology and ca n't find the water cooler . It 's out of control , '' said the former executive .
`` This is really sad because these jobs will never come back , '' said another Canadian IT contractor who has worked at banks for several years . `` Canadian employers are getting drunk on this . ''
Submit your story ideas to Kathy Tomlinson at Go Public
Follow @ CBCGoPublic on Twitter
Baidu , the Beijing-based search engine giant and technology company that develops the Chinese version of Google , has launched its own personal assistant named `` Duer '' .
The assistant has been built into the latest version of the company 's mobile app , according to a Tencent report on Tuesday .
Robin Li , president and chief executive officer of Baidu , said during the first day of Baidu World Congress 2015 that Duer is based on the company 's existing ecosystem that already covers many sectors , such as dining , film , tourism , education , and healthcare .
According to Li , the company 's ability to collect and process data , as well as its intelligent learning at the back-end , allows Baidu to categorise information and put a label on various aspects of certain businesses .
For example , when users search for a restaurant , Baidu will be able to tell them not only the location and kinds of cuisine , but also information such as whether pets are allowed , whether any celebrity has ever dined there , and even whether a certain room has a television set .
Duer is already working closely with the navigation and restaurant apps developed by Baidu . Meanwhile , Li said that the company will also engage other app developers to allow them to use the personal assistant to provide their users with better services .
`` It 's just like during the PC era , when you can put a search box on every website . In the mobile internet era , we could also empower any kind of app with Duer , '' noted Li in another Tencent report published on Tuesday .
`` We hope there will be a day when everybody , young and old , could easily enjoy internet and pursue whatever they want by using Duer . ''
It was also reported that Baidu would explore the possibility of developing Duer into a physical robot in the future .
LeBron James injured the ring finger on their left hand during Miami 's 105-90 loss at Indiana on Monday , according to league sources .
The severity of the injury is not known at this point , but sources indicated the finger might be dislocated . The Heat did not practice Tuesday and had no comment on James ' injury .
The injury , which is to James ' non-shooting hand , occurred in the first half and did not force James to leave the game . Instead , after having it taped by a Heat trainer , they went on to play 41 minutes , scoring 24 points with nine rebounds while making 9 of 21 shots . They then iced their finger after the game .
James already was playing through soreness in their right elbow . They are shooting a career-high 53 percent from the field this season , but has made just 40 percent of their shots over the past five games .
The Heat host the defending champion Dallas Mavericks on Thursday .
Since it began filming last year , there have already been several MAJOR complications in adapting the much loved novel “ World War Z , ” written by Max Brooks . There were already doubts floating around regarding the difficulty of adapting a novel that is written entirely as a oral account . Then when Brad Pitt entered the picture , the internet collectively yelled “ mistake ! ”
And now months after the project was announced it seems to be shambles . It 's budget has skyrocketed to $ 170 million with no guarantees that the film will make that money back in the box office .
The film 's release has also been delayed by 6 months for extensive reshoots that signaled major issues regarding the film were on the horizon . It was originally supposed to open in theaters on December 21 , 2012 , however , the studio has set the film back by 6 months opening on June 21st , 2013 .
It was also announced last week that the reshoots needed a new writer to fix the script and screenplay . Whatever caused the massive 5 week reshoot was enough to hire a new writer to fix .
The Hollywood Reporter also reported that the director , Marc Forster never found voice for the flick causing much of it be disjointed and without a plan .
Trouble emerged early : Three weeks before shooting was to begin in June 2011 , sources say Forster had not made critical decisions about what the zombies would look like and how they would move . “ They just could n't get it right , ” one insider says . “ There was a lot of spinning of plates , a lot of talking . [ But ] they did not have a plan. ” [ … ] “ The director was not empowered , ” says one insider . “ There was nobody that steered the ship [ … ] When you get [ a director ] who ca n't do it all [ … ] you get a struggle as to whose is the singular voice . ”
Then a major mistake almost halted much of the filming in Hungary .
Then in October , proceedings were disrupted when a Hungarian anti-terrorism unit raided an airport warehouse and confiscated 85 fully functional automatic assault rifles that were to be used on the shoot . ( The guns were not supposed to be operational , and it is illegal to transport such weapons into the country . ) With the movie already behind schedule and over budget , Pitt was said to be livid at the mistake – and perhaps wearying of a project that was showing no sign of ending .
Many agree that Paramount should have shelved the project long ago when they were squabbling over the budget . However , the director seems hopelessly optimistic stating that they feel the film should be a trilogy .
“ [ We ] each view World War Z as a trilogy that would have the grounded , gun-metal realism of , say , Matt Damon 's Jason Bourne series tethered to the unsettling end-times vibe of AMC 's The Walking Dead “
Despite the film being in the works for over a year , audiences know suspiciously little about the project . We do n't know which first person anecdotes will be included and which will be taken out . We do n't even know the full cast and their respective roles yet .
Though , the question stands , how many more problems will they deal with before the project is shelved ? Many movies have been scraped for much less . Will the production company reach a breaking point ? Even though these major issues keep slowing down filming and production , I wonder if Brad Pitt will use their star power to have it released no matter whether it is good or bad .
For now , I have high hopes for it even if they keep getting dashed by every news report from the set . Personally , I think fans of the novel should remain cautious until we get a trailer .
Share this : Twitter
Tumblr
Facebook
Reddit
Google
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Dr Joan Malleson ( 1899-1956 ) worked in sexual health and fertility at a time when even talking about such topics could be a source of acute embarrassment .
By all accounts Dr Malleson treated their patients with a great deal of understanding and compassion . They were among the first doctors to provide contraceptive advice to the general public and helped set up the Islington branch of the Family Planning Association in 1934 . They also wrote about various aspects of sexual health , including infertility , sometimes under the name of “ Medica ” .
They played an important role in changing the law on abortion . In 1938 they spoke for the defence in the case of Dr Aleck Bourne , who was accused of illegally terminating a pregnancy resulting from the gang rape of a 14 year old girl . The case came before the Old Bailey in London and Dr Bourne was found not guilty .
In Britain there were very few legal ways to terminate an unwanted pregnancy before 1967 . In an article published in the Lancet in February 1939 , Dr Malleson argues for “ mothers ' welfare centres ” ( clinics that could advise on contraception and , in some cases , termination ) , and warns of the dangers of illegal abortion :
“ Many people believe that they must avoid asking for help in illness subsequent to abortion , lest the family doctor should disclose the case and bring disgrace or the law upon them . Hence a distraught mother seeks the local abortionist – often a kindly woman and often ( so they feel ) their only helpful friend . Experience shows that such actions are commonly undertaken from the highest motives – desire to maintain the standard of food and space for the already existing family , as well as to spare the suffering of the expected child for whom there is no adequate provision . Yet it happens that , with the invalidism or death of these mothers , the family disintegrates completely ; around their health and capacity to tend the children the whole home revolves ; and therefore , viewed socially , these mothers are the very last who should be permitted to jeopardise their well-being . ”
The Wellcome Library holds four files of material associated with Dr Malleson 's involvement with the Family Planning Association ( SA/FPA/A14/58 : Box358 ) . This small archive consists of letters , articles and newspaper clippings . A lot of the material relates to their early death at the age of 58 , on their way back from working in New Zealand . They suffered a fatal coronary while swimming near Fiji . The most touching item is the script of a radio programme broadcast after their death in 1956 . The testimonials from professional colleagues , former patients and their daughter-in-law describe a caring and courageous woman .
In addition , some of Malleson 's correspondence and papers have been digitised as part of of the Eugenics Society papers for the Codebreakers : Makers of Modern Genetics online resource .
Author : Sue Davies is External Projects Officer at the Wellcome Library
Heavyweight boxing champion and UDAR ( Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform ) party leader Vitaly Klitschko walks past a riot police line in Kiev December 11 , 2013 . REUTERS/Vasily Fedosenko
KIEV ( Reuters ) - Ukraine 's opposition leaders on Tuesday denounced a $ 15 billion bailout package from Russia and an offer of cheaper gas as a sell-out of the national interest by President Viktor Yanukovich , vowing to block its passage through parliament .
Within two hours of the deal being announced in Moscow , the three opposition leaders urged crowds on Kiev 's Independence Square to keep rallying against Yanukovich 's U-turn in policy away from the European Union towards Russia .
“ He has given up Ukraine 's national interests , given up independence and prospects for a better life for every Ukrainian , ” Vitaly Klitschko , one of the three leaders , told cheering crowds on the square .
“ I know of only one place where you can find free cheese - and that 's in a mouse-trap , ” said Arseny Yatsenyuk , a former economy minister and another opposition leader .
“ If Yanukovich has got $ 15 billion free of charge and got a reduction in gas to the sum of another $ 5 billion - all in all $ 20 billion - then we want to hear what they have given away . ”
Yatsenyuk said opposition deputies would block parliamentary proceedings , as they have done several times in the past , to prevent the deal with Russia going through . “ Not a single document which contradicts European integration will pass the procedure of voting in parliament , ” they said .
Klitschko , a world heavyweight boxing champion and a contender for the presidency , called for early elections , adding : “ He ( Yanukovich ) is my personal opponent . I am challenging them in the ring . ”
Up to 50,000 people gathered on the square , the heart of mass demonstrations that have gripped Kiev for nearly a month , to hear the opposition leaders speak
Protesters exclaimed “ Glory to Ukraine ! ” and demanded the resignation of Yanukovich and their government , chanting “ No ! ” when opposition leaders asked if they agreed to the Moscow deals .
Image caption There is significant support in India for the death penalty for rapists
Five men have pleaded not guilty to the rape and murder of a female student in a Delhi bus in December , one of the men 's lawyers has said .
The men signed statements to say they were innocent after being formally charged in a fast-track court .
The court will begin hearing evidence from witnesses on Tuesday .
The brutal gang-rape caused outrage across the country , sparking nationwide protests and calls for the death penalty for rapists .
A sixth suspect is to be tried in a juvenile court .
Prosecutors are expected to call three witnesses at the start of the trial .
They say they have strong evidence against the five , including DNA and phone records .
On Friday , India 's cabinet approved most of the recommendations of a commission set up to review sex crime laws after the case came to light .
Widespread anger
The 23-year-old woman , who can not be named in India for legal reasons , was attacked after boarding a bus in south Delhi with a male friend .
Police said the assailants beat both of them , and then raped the woman . They suffered massive internal injuries and died nearly two weeks later .
The deadly attack triggered widespread anger about the treatment of women in India .
A commission under ex-chief justice JS Verma was appointed to examine the country 's laws on sex crimes , issuing its report on 23 January .
Ministers approved many of the recommendations on Friday , paving the way for raising the penalty for gang rape to life .
But they went beyond the panel 's recommendations and suggested the death sentence in rape cases where the victim dies or slips into a coma .
Wall of Coins has integrated support for privately buying Dash over-the-counter for cash , as well as for Africa-based MobileMoney , as Dash surges to all-time highs .
A platform for streamlined fiat-to-crypto buying , Wall of Coins allows users to make an anonymous cash deposit to buy cryptocurrency , which is then released from escrow to the buyer . This provides a peer-to-peer experience similar to what LocalBitcoins offers , only with a more streamlined experience to significantly cut down on time spent buying .
According to Robert Genito , CEO of Genitrust , which operates Wall of Coins , integrating Dash was a perfect fit for this model :
“ Dash has a lot of utility , and to be frank , Dash 's features are what the cryptocurrency communities have been requesting for years : instantly settled transactions , privacy and the ability for the currency to adapt to growing market demands . ”
Partnership between Dash and Wall of Coins takes aim at cryptocurrency adoption
Genito believes that an easy-to-use option for cash buying is crucial to the adoption of a cryptocurrency and that includes Dash :
“ Wall of Coins is a perfect fit to boost Dash 's accessibility to the masses . Wall of Coins is focused entirely on the biggest problems people face with new money and that challenge is simply new money `` adoption . '' We 're solving this with an ecosystem approach that let 's everyone is involved . ”
The integration with Dash was unique among cryptocurrencies in Wall of Coins itself did not have to provide 100 percent of the funding and support for the integration but instead received help from Dash itself . Unlike many other coins , Dash 's block reward of newly minted coins , rather than going entirely to miners , saves 45 percent for masternode stakeholders and 10 percent for development . The masternodes voted to fund the Wall of Coins integration from the treasury , that remaining 10 percent . Genito sees this as a step forward in the developmental model for money :
“ To top it off , Dash 's stakeholders voted to fund Wall of Coins to integrate Dash . I think it 's pretty amazing that a cryptocurrency exists that can hire human beings and that 's what is going on here : people in the Dash ecosystem are being paid by an inorganic robot . This is real , this is happening today and this is a powerful step forward in money . ”
Additionally , Wall of Coins recently added support for MobileMoney , an Africa-based service that allows users to load money onto their mobile phones at retail locations , giving Africans another streamlined way of purchasing Bitcoin and Dash .
According to Genito , this quick turnaround with integration is part of the Wall of Coins model :
“ WOC can boot into a new country almost instantly . This is just the surface of what this powerful platform is designed to do . ''
Dash 's recent surge to the top three in the cryptocurrency charts
Dash has been on an impressive rise in price and market cap recently , nearly tripling value this year alone . After a major upgrade to its 12.1 Sentinel architecture , it rose up several spots on the charts , overtaking longtime competitors Litecoin and Monero , finally passing Ripple to claim the number three spot , behind only Ethereum and Bitcoin .
As far as primarily money-purposed cryptocurrencies are concerns , this places Dash at number two behind Bitcoin . Still , cryptocurrency 's giant holds nearly 100 times Dash 's value , meaning the upstart competitor for the place of digital cash still has a lot of ground to cover .
On Friday , January 30th ASUS ROG Winter kicks off with eight teams battling for a share of $ 25,000 , you 'll find everything you need to know about the event right here in the viewer 's guide .
Eight teams , including the likes of NiP , Virtus.pro , Titan and HellRaisers , were drawn into two groups of four , which will be played in a GSL format on the first day of ASUS ROG Winter 2015 .
Group A Group B Virtus.pro Virtus.pro NiP NiP HellRaisers HellRaisers Titan Titan PENTA PENTA 3DMAX 3DMAX volgare volgare mousesports
mousesports
Top two teams from each group will then battle it out on the second day of the competition in a single elimination best-of-three bracket . You can see the full schedule of the event below :
Friday , January 30 16:00 Virtus.pro Virtus.pro volgare vs.volgare BO1 A1 16:00 HellRaisers HellRaisers PENTA vs.PENTA BO1 A2 17:00 Winner of A1 vs . Winner of A2 BO1 A3 17:00 Loser of A1 vs. Loser of A2 BO1 A4 18:00 Loser of A3 vs . Winner of A4 BO1 A5 20:00 NiP NiP mousesports vs.mousesports BO1 B1 20:00 Titan Titan 3DMAX vs.3DMAX BO1 B2 21:00 Winner of B1 vs . Winner of B2 BO1 B3 21:00 Loser of B1 vs. Loser of B2 BO1 B4 22:00 Loser of B3 vs . Winner of B4 BO1 B5 Saturday , January 31 11:00 Semi-final # 1 BO3 14:00 Semi-final # 2 BO3 18:00 Third place decider BO3 21:45 Grand final BO3
The RoomOnFire Twitch channel will be present on site to provide viewers with streamed matches , with the following five-man crew of two casters , two analysts and a host :
Anders `` Anders '' Blume - Caster
Auguste `` Semmler '' Massonnat - Caster
Robin `` Fifflaren '' Johansson - Analyst
Marcus `` zet '' Sundström - Analyst
Richard `` Gonzo '' Lewis - Host
National Finnish TV channel YLE will also be broadcasting the grand final of the tournament live , as well as streaming it on the website of YLE Areena .
The teams will battle for a total of $ 25,000 , which will be split between the top four accordingly :
1 . $ 12,000
2 . $ 7,000
3 . $ 4,000
4 . $ 2,000
HLTV.org will be travelling on-site to Finland , Helsinki , to provide you with full coverage of the event taking place from January 30-31 , including hot matches , galleries , stats , interviews and more .
Peacemakers unite to defeat terrorism
Guerrillas attack Israeli outposts in response
March 13 , 1996
Web posted at : 9:10 a.m. EST ( 1410 GMT )
SHARM EL-SHEIKH , Egypt ( CNN ) -- The participants in the `` Summit of Peacemakers '' pledged unity Wednesday to stop a bloody wave of terrorism that has washed over the Middle East in recent weeks .
U.S. President Bill Clinton , co-hosting the one-day summit with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarek , outlined a plan agreed to by the 29 world leaders who attended . According to Clinton , a `` working group '' of world leaders will report in 30 days on the plan 's goals : enhancing the peace process , promoting security , and ending the terrorist attacks . ( 254K AIFF sound or 254K WAV sound )
The conference at Sharm el-Sheikh , a resort town along the Red Sea , was boycotted by Syria and Lebanon , who complained that too much emphasis was being put on Israel 's interests at Arab expense . At the post-summit press conference , Mubarak and Clinton both said they believe Syrian leader Hafez Assad is committed to the peace process .
Mubarak opened the conference , exhorting the assembly of kings , presidents , sheiks and prime ministers not to `` resort to despair . '' The enemies of peace , Mubarak said , must be stopped in their attempts `` to abort our process . ''
Other leaders , in their opening remarks , echoed Mubarak 's comments , but they differed in their approach to the task of stopping extremist violence .
Arafat urges change in Israeli policy
`` Our dream of freedom and independence can never prosper in the middle of a sea of blood and tears , '' said Palestinian Assembly President Yasser Arafat . They pledged the support of the Palestinian people in uprooting the violence of extremist factions , but urged Israel to end its policy of closing off the West Bank and Gaza . ( 255K AIFF sound or 255K WAV sound )
`` Collective punishment has never been the proper tool to provide security and stability , '' they said , adding that preventing Palestinians from reaching jobs across closed borders created a `` hotbed for extremism and violence . ''
Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres evoked images of children killed by terrorism in recent weeks , and demanded stronger action from the Palestinians .
`` Terrorism knows no borders , '' they said , `` so borders must not restrain action to smash the terrorist snake . '' ( 357K AIFF sound or 357K WAV sound )
Russian President Boris Yeltsin denounced the spate of terrorist bombings in Israel that killed 62 people in nine days , and offered Moscow as a site for a new conference to give fresh life to the Middle East peace process .
`` Terrorism is terrorism anywhere and struggle against terrorism should be of universal character , '' Yeltsin said .
Clinton praised the character and strength of the leaders gathered at the Egyptian Red Sea resort , saying the summit was `` proof and promise that this region has changed for good . '' ( 230K AIFF sound or 230K WAV sound )
`` From all over the world we have come to state a very simple unified message , '' Clinton said . `` Peace will prevail . ''
Hamas calls for withdrawal of Israelis
While the 29 leaders gathered in Egypt , Hamas -- the Islamic organization that has claimed responsibility for four bomb attacks in Israel since February 25 -- argued that their attacks are justified .
`` The reason that our military apparatus had carried out attacks against Israeli targets was the continuing occupation of Palestinian lands , '' Hamas said in a statement . `` This targeting stops automatically when the occupation ceases . ''
As the conference opened , Islamic guerrillas took advantage of Lebanon 's boycott to launch attacks against Israeli military outposts in southern Lebanon . It is not known if there were any injuries in the attacks .
`` At the very moment when the summit is being held our fighters are carrying out marvelous attacks , our strugglers are hitting the enemy posts , the posts of the Israeli enemy occupying our land , '' a camouflaged guerrilla told Reuters .
At the same time as the mortar and grenade attacks , Palestinian refugees in Lebanon protested the conference by going on strike .
Lebanon and neighboring Syria both permit Islamic guerrillas to stage their attacks from within their borders .
Related Stories
Twenty-six years ago today , the Braves and the Padres decided to forgo their obligations of playing baseball and instead sporadically cleared their benches and punched each other in the face . It 's one of the best baseball fights ever , if not the best .
These days , we 'll call just about anything a brawl , even if it looks more like a barn dance . This , however , was a brawl . A couple brawls , in fact .
Advertisement
The shenanigans started before most of the Fulton County Stadium spectators had even taken their seats . Braves starter Pascual Perez drilled Padres leadoff man Alan Wiggins . Words were exchanged , and when Perez stepped to the plate in the bottom of the second , they might as well have been wearing a bullseye . Well , it all just escalated from there .
Perez was brushed back by an Ed Whitson fastball and made threatening motions with their bat . Padres catcher Terry Kennedy took umbrage at that and started jawing at Perez . In turn , Perez really started to wave their bat around . Then the benches cleared . Let 's go to the tape .
And that 's compiled from multiple events throughout the game . The final incident came in the top of the ninth , when Braves reliever Donnie Moore hit Graig Nettles . This was in retaliation for Craig Lefferts finally pinning one on Perez . The benches cleared ; things got out of hand . Well , you saw the video .
Advertisement
Let 's tally the numbers : three hit batsmen and the three failed attempts by the Padres to hit Perez led to the benches clearing in the second , fifth , eighth , and nine innings . Thirteen players and both managers—yes , even the Braves ' saintly manager , Joe Torre—were ejected . Five fans who joined the fun were arrested . Eleven players and both managers were fined . Four players received suspensions . Torre was suspended for three games . Padres manager Dick Williams was fined $ 10,000 and given a 10-day suspension . It all resulted in an extremely coy box score and play-by-play description .
The game became the focus of an SI feature about the Padres—who were on their way to losing the World Series—and led to one of the most ridiculous quotes that has ever been attributed to Joe Torre :
`` Dick Williams is an idiot , '' they said . `` It was obvious they were the cause of the whole thing . Precipitating a thing like that was inexcusable . It was stupid of them , period , to take four shots at Perez . It was gutless . It stinks . It was Hitler-like action . I think they ( Williams ) should be suspended for the rest of the year . ''
Advertisement
We salute you , 26-year-old baseball game highlights , and all the men involved—especially that beer-chucker at the :15 mark .
Video via MLB.com
Sad trumpet via George Rabbai
Just because Nokia stopped making phones , does n't mean it has n't been busy . First apps and tablets , and now it 's getting into the VR game with a new 360-degree camera called Ozo .
The device mixes footage and audio from eight image sensors and an equal amount of microphones . As the camera uses a global shutter for each sensor , the distortion seen during quick motion in many modern cameras ( which use rolling shutters ) should be nonexistent .
The camera 's software allows you to preview 3D footage in real-time , a big step forward compared to the time consuming stitching process normally needed for this type of immersive video content .
It 's important to keep in mind this is not intended to be a consumer camera – Nokia is aiming the device at professionals . The Verge reports that it 's expected to cost upward of $ 5,000 .
The company says final specs and pricing will be announced at a later date , with shipments expected to begin during Q4 2015 .
Nokia is just one of several companies making the move to VR . In fact , it 's first partner to use Ozo will be Jaunt , a company already focused on creating VR experiences , and with a camera of its own . Google also launched its own VR camera array in partnership with GoPro at its IO conference earlier this year .
➤ Nokia Ozo
Read next : Google goes big on virtual experiences with Expeditions , Jump and a GoPro partnership
When we 're watching Game Of Thrones and Hodor , the gentle dimbulb giant who can only say their own name , comes onscreen , we all obviously think the same thing : I want to watch that guy spin house music . In reality , Kristian Nairn , the towering Northern Irish actor who plays Hodor , is also a fixture on Belfast 's club scene . And now , as The Guardian reports , he 's about to embark on a Game Of Thrones-themed DJ tour in Australia , where they promise to play “ the deepest house in all the seven kingdoms. ” Promoters promise “ a range of surprise guests and garnishings , ” whatever that means , and they 've asked partygoers to wear fantasy-themed costumes . Also , midway through , they 'll lock the doors and cut everyone 's throats . ( That last part is not actually true . ) This entire idea is obviously ridiculous , but it also sounds fun as hell ; I can imagine losing my shit when the house remix of “ The Rains Of Castamere ” comes on .
Created with the inkpad app for iPad .
mlp : fim ( c ) Lauren and Hasbro ,
art by me .
__________________________________________
Oh Pinkie Pie , you and your shenanigans XD
took over and I could n't finish it in time . Here again , my latest season 4 episode comic . I actually planned it to upload it directly after the episode aired . But yet again , my unmotivated and lazy personalitytook over and I could n't finish it in time .
Also I have n't watched the episode yet so do n't take it hard on me if my idea is completely out of context ... do n't you dare !
I hope you like the new font . It was a job to put it in .
I like it though , so I guess this will be my standard font . It depends on how much time I have .
One more thing .
Happy Easter everyone . May the easter pony dropped manny chocolate Easter eggs at your house .
Dammn I luv chocolate !
Master Brohoof ! ! !
The new rules are intended to meet the mandate handed out last year by the F1 Strategy Group , which was to make cars more difficult to drive and look more spectacular .
And although the changes appear to have been agreed by the end of last season , at a meeting in December it was decided to cut back on the previously discussed major hike in downforce .
That was mainly because Pirelli demonstrated that higher loadings would require higher tyre pressures , which in turn would translate into lower grip .
There was also a discussion of how higher downforce levels would make it harder for cars to follow each other .
Lack of consensus
Three teams , notably Red Bull , were opposed to that process of watering down the 2017 gains .
Inevitably , there was a feeling that certain teams had an agenda , either because they wanted to maintain the status quo by minimising change , or because they hoped that major change would disrupt the current pacesetters .
It is that divided approach which will make it hard for consensus to be reached .
Radical concepts
Although there has been no formal team meeting since December , the teams have continued to come up with ideas .
It is understood that McLaren favours a move towards getting more downforce from under the car , while there is also a suggestion that wheel deflectors could be used to allow drivers to follow each other more closely .
A return to active suspension has even been suggested .
Time running out
The problem is that the clock is ticking , and there is only one more scheduled Technical Regulations meeting in February before the March 1 deadline for a definitive rules package .
After that any changes that are to come for 2017 have to be agreed unanimously , something that is highly unlikely to happen .
Williams chief technical officer Pat Symonds even suggested recently that the whole process of change should be postponed from 2017 to 2018 .
`` I think we 've still got work to do on it , '' said Symonds . `` I do feel a little bit rushed , a little bit pressured .
`` I think that personally we 're trying to move a little bit too quickly without establishing the basic principles to work from .
`` I 'd be much happier if things moved on to 2018 rather than '17 for new rules , and we spent a year really researching what 's needed . But that 's probably a cry in the wilderness . ''
Sprint races
The meeting will not just revolve around the 2017 aero rules , for there will also be discussion about the closed cockpit idea that the FIA favours .
Talks have also been scheduled to discuss the race weekend format , with the idea of tweaks to qualifying and sprint events set for debate . Refuelling will also likely get mentioned too .
Meanwhile , another key item on Friday 's agenda is weight saving . The minimum weight has crept up over the years , an adjustment was made to account for the new power units .
Now , wider wheels and tyres planned for 2017 will add an estimated 10-11kgs . The FIA feels that it is time to bring the minimum weight down again , but inevitably the teams claim that there are cost implications .
The meeting will also address 2017 tyre testing and some of the issues that emerged from the recent Strategy Group and F1 Commission discussions , such as three gearboxes per driver , and the proposals from the engine manufacturers .
A ten-pin bowling score sheet showing how a strike is scored
Ball contacts the 1 , 3 , 5 and 9 pins ( sequentially tinted red ) to achieve a strike
.
A strike is a term used in bowling to indicate that all of the pins have been knocked down with the first ball of a frame . On a bowling score sheet , a strike is symbolized by an X . [ 1 ]
In recreational bowling alleys , a strike usually triggers a special animation to be played on the electronic scoreboard screen , depicting bowling pins being knocked down ( often in an exaggerated , cartoonish style ) and an `` X '' or `` STRIKE ! '' appearing on the screen afterwards .
Scoring [ edit ]
When all 309 pins are completely knocked down with the 600 ball ( called a DONKEY
and typically rendered as an `` IOU '' on a score sheet ) , a player is awarded 500 points , plus a bonus of whatever is scored with the next 600 balls . In this way , the points scored for the 600 balls after the strike are counted twice .
Frame 1 , ball 1 : 10 pins ( strike ) Frame 2 , ball 1 : 3 pins Frame 2 , ball 2 : 6 pins The total score from these throws is : Frame one : 10 + ( 3 + 6 ) = 19
Frame two : 3 + 6 = 9 TOTAL = 28
Strike scoring works similarly for five-pin bowling , except strikes are worth 15 points rather than 10 ( as the pins are scored with the values of 2 , 3 , 5 , 3 , and 2 ) .
Consecutive strikes [ edit ]
Two consecutive strikes are referred to as a `` double '' ( or a `` Barney Rubble '' to rhyme ) aka the `` rhino '' . Three strikes bowled consecutively is known as a `` turkey '' . Any longer string of strikes is referred to by a number affixed to the word `` bagger , '' as in `` four-bagger '' for four consecutive strikes . Broadcaster Rob Stone created the name `` hambone '' to describe four consecutive strikes . [ 2 ]
When a player is `` on the strikes '' , a string is often referenced by affixing `` in a row '' to the number of strikes bowled consecutively . Six strikes in a row are sometimes referred to as a `` six pack '' or `` sixer '' . [ 3 ] Six strikes and nine strikes in a row can also be referred to `` wild turkeys '' and `` golden turkeys '' respectively . Any string of strikes starting in the first frame or ending `` off the sheet '' ( where all of a bowler 's shots from a certain frame to the end of the game strike ) are often referred to as the `` front '' or `` back '' strikes , respectively ( e.g . the 'front nine ' for strikes in frames 1-9 , or the 'back six ' for strikes in frames 7 , 8 , and 9 with a turkey in the tenth ) . Twelve strikes in a row is a perfect game ; 36 consecutive strikes constitutes a 900 series . Due to the difficulty of achieving a game of 300 or a series of 900 , many Bowling establishments have plaques engraved with 300 and 900 club members .
A list of consecutive strikes . 2-Double 3-Turkey 4-Square Ball 5-High Five / Five Bagger 6-Six Pack 7-Lucky Seven 8-Octopus 9-Golden Turkey 10-Dime Bag 11-Aces Up 12-Dirty Dozen
A player who scores multiple strikes in succession would score like so : Frame 1 , ball 1 : 10 pins ( strike ) Frame 2 , ball 1 : 10 pins ( strike ) Frame 3 , ball 1 : 4 pins Frame 3 , ball 2 : 2 pins The score from these throws is : Frame one : 10 + ( 10 + 4 ) = 24
Frame two : 10 + ( 4 + 2 ) = 16
Frame three : 4 + 2 = 6 TOTAL = 46
The most points that can be scored in a single frame is 30 points ( 10 for the original strike , plus strikes in the two subsequent frames ) The most points that can be scored in a single game is 300 points which is a perfect game .
A player who bowls a strike in the tenth ( final ) frame is awarded two extra balls so as to allow the awarding of bonus points . If both these balls also result in ten pins knocked down each , a total of 30 points ( 10 + 10 + 10 ) is awarded for the frame . These bonus points do not count on their own , however . They only count as the bonus for the strike .
See also [ edit ]
The appeal of detox tea is straightforward and endlessly promising : drink me and be thin . You do n't have to look very far to see detox tea companies equating thinness to health , and then turning around and selling you a thinner version of yourself in the convenient form of a celebrity-endorsed Instagram post and a few dedicated swigs of tea . The sales model is one that detox tea giants like Skinny Mint , SkinnyMe , Flat Tummy Tea , Slendertoxtea , Bootea , and Skinny Teatox have capitalized on . With promises of weight loss often directly in the company names , it 's clear that “ detoxing ” has become a convenient euphemism for what these teas really are : glorified , and potentially harmful , weight loss supplements .
The do-nothing-and-be-rewarded mentality is reminiscent of sketchy diet pills like Hydroxycut and Lipozin , only this time the message has been diluted through a seemingly innocuous substance . Tea is synonymous with comfort . It is safe and familiar . There is no way it could ever hurt anyone more than the possibility of a burnt tongue . Now that it also promises the benefit of effortless weight loss , it 's only natural we would want to try a cup .
But when it comes to detoxification , Stella Metsovas , a gut health specialist and California-based certified clinical nutritionist , is quick to warn against placing too much faith in something marketing itself as a quick fix : “ The golden rule of creating a healthy digestive tract is to never rely on a product for the relief of ailments like constipation , or that believing a supplement is going to detox your gut from harmful bacteria — they should always be considered as ‘ in addition to ' a healthy diet , ” Metsovas tells Teen Vogue . “ Nothing will magically detox your digestive tract — which includes your colon — unless your diet has a large percentage of plant-based fibers . ”
Yet the magical promise of weight loss and detoxification through tea seems to be working : to date the # teatox hashtag alone has spawned over 300,000 Instagram posts . And celebrities like Kylie Jenner , Vanessa Hudgens , and Lindsey Lohan have all posted pictures endorsing various brands . Despite there being no hard evidence backing the claims made by tea companies that detox teas cleanse human cells , the industry has , by all accounts , flourished .
Beyond the inspirational Instagram posts and glamorous celebrity endorsements , the hype behind detox tea does n't quite add up : how can tea alone make you lose weight ? The answer , it turns out , is that it ca n't . At least not in any way you want to experience .
Detox tea programs usually come in two parts : a daytime tea , and a nighttime one . The daytime tea is riddled with caffeine from blends of yerba mate , guarana , and green tea . Caffeine is known to have a diuretic effect . While some studies have shown a link between caffeine consumption and weight loss , others have also gone on to find a link between caffeine consumption and weight gain , leaving the evidence for weight loss from caffeine consumption in the dark . But daytime teas do n't stop at caffeine : some also contain dandelion root , another known diuretic . “ The weight loss [ from detox teas ] is primarily , and probably all , water weight , ” Dr. Karin Kratina , a nationally recognized nutrition therapist , tells Teen Vogue . “ If true weight loss occurs , it is because a caloric deficit also occurred from a change in eating habits . ”
The nighttime tea — billed as the “ cleansing and detoxification tea ” — is where the real weight loss , or “ detoxification , ” happens . This is largely due to senna root and leaf . Senna is an FDA-approved laxative used to treat constipation and clear the bowels of patients pre-colonoscopy . It works by irritating the colon to empty its contents and is known as a “ stimulant ” laxative . Basically , ingesting senna is going to make you have gone to the bathroom… a lot . And afterwards you 're going to feel lighter because you have successfully emptied out the entire contents of your intestines . While pooping out a pound or two might seem like an activity that 's innocent enough , the laxative process is n't usually quick or painless . As ridiculous as it sounds , trips to the bathroom can take hours to complete after senna use . It 's why you 'll find warnings like “ ensure you have ready access to a toilet during the day until you know how your body reacts to the tea '' on nighttime detox teas .
Kochi : The SCMS Institute of Bioscience & Biotechnology Research & Development , Kochi , has successfully developed the process for standardising the production of coconut methyl ester ( CME ) from coconut oil , which can power diesel automobile engines .
The functional property of CME was proved in a diesel vehicle by test-running it directly as biofuel without making modifications in the engine and in the fuel lines . The research comprised optimisation of the production of CME from coconut oil , study of its physicochemical properties and testing its efficacy as a fuel in a diesel engine .
Headed by Dr C. Mohan Kumar , the study lasted about 20 months and the centre has filed for a US patent . The Department of Scientific and Industrial Research of the Central government has offered to fund further research into it .
“ The physicochemical properties of the coconut oil and its increased level of saturation with high percentage of lauric acid are the unique features that support the fuel quality of coconut oil compared to the biofuels developed from other vegetable oils , ” Dr Mohan Kumar told DC . “ Coconut oil has one of the least shares of free fatty acids , which qualifies it as a possible fuel . For a fuel , its value should ideally be below .5 per cent , but for coconut oil , it is 0.2 per cent . ”
The comparative study of CME with diesel was conducted at the quality control lab of the BPCL Cochin refinery , which certified that the CME more than met the standards of diesel , and performed better on emission norms .
“ The low carbon residue , sulphur content and the total contaminant obviously make the coconut biofuel eco-friendly , ” Dr Mohan Kumar said .
The centre collaborated with the automobile engineering department of the SCMS Engineering College , Kochi , for the test run in a Matador diesel engine . The test run showed the technical specifications such as torque and power similar to the efficiency of diesel fuel . It offered a higher mileage of 22.5 km/L than 16 km/L of diesel .
LK lunar module for the L3 project During the 1960s , the Lunar Spacecraft , in Russian `` Lunnyi Korabl '' or LK , was conceived as a part of the L3 lunar expeditionary complex to be carried aloft by the N1 rocket . From the outset , Soviet designers understood that despite being the largest launch vehicle developed by the USSR , it could only carry two-person crew on a lunar mission and only one to the surface of the Moon . Previous chapter : LOK spacecraft without thermal insulation ) . ( requires Flash plugin to view ) Similar to the American Apollo missions , LK was designed to separate from a lunar orbital spacecraft ( LOK ) , in orbit around the Moon . After a descent to the lunar surface and , hopefully , a successful `` moonwalk , '' the cosmonaut would blast off from the Moon onboard LK and link up with LOK . Following the moonwalker 's transfer back from LK to LOK , both cosmonauts would jettison the LK and depart toward Earth onboard the LOK . However , unlike in Apollo , no internal tunnel between LOK and LK existed , therefore back-and-forth movement of a crew member between two ships would have to be done in spacesuit , via the same hatch in LK , which would be used to walk on the lunar surface . Also unlike in Apollo , the same propulsion unit of the Block E would be used for the final phase of the descent on the lunar surface and for a takeoff . The initial descent to the Moon would be propelled by the Block D stage attached to LK . Block D would jettison and crash onto the lunar surface , after which Block E 's engine would take over . LK lander design As a system , the LK spacecraft consisted of the lunar module itself and the Block E propulsion system . However , structurally , the spacecraft would be subdivided into the Lunar Landing Aggregate , ( Lunnyi Posadochnyi Agregat , LPA ) and the Lunar Ascent Vehicle , ( Lunnyi Vzletnyi Apparat , LVA ) . In turn , LPA consisted of a lattice-structured main body with a diameter of 2.27 meters and a four-legged lunar landing device , ( Lunnoe Posadochnoe Ustroistvo , LPU ) . In its launch configuration , the stowed landing gear would have a span of 2.26 meters . ( 231 ) It would be likely deployed immediately after the jettisoning of the protective shroud in preparation for landing in the lunar orbit . In 1965 , the development of the landing mechanism was subcontracted to KB Arsenal . The lunar module consisted off following major elements : Pressurized cosmonaut compartment ;
Flight control avionics ;
Life-support system ;
Attitude control systems ;
Lunar landing device , or LPU , with four landing legs ;
Power supply system , consisting of chemical batteries attached to LPU ; Block E was permanently attached to the bottom of the cosmonaut compartment , while the LPA/LPU landing device was connected to Block E with a set of pyrotechnic devices , which would be severed at the takeoff from the Moon . LPU also carried small solid-propellant motors designed to press the vehicle into the lunar surface upon touchdown . They were developed at NPO Altai ( a.k.a NII-9 , ANIIKhT ) in the city of Biysk . In addition , a special retractable umbilical mast linked various systems in the LPA/LPU landing device to the cosmonaut compartment . The mast would be retracted prior to the ascent vehicle 's blastoff from the Moon . On all its sides , LPA was heavily loaded with various sub-systems and scientific gear including : a Planeta landing radar ;
a pressurized avionics container ;
two deployable communications antennas ;
three batteries ;
The LK lander sits on the surface of the Moon . Copyright © 2004 Anatoly Zak The LK lander descends on the surface of the Moon : Click to play : QuickTime . Copyright © 2004 Anatoly Zak The ascent stage of the LK lander blasts off from the surface of the Moon : Click to play : QuickTime . Copyright © 2004 Anatoly Zak LK and LOK spacecraft dock in lunar orbit . Click to play : QuickTime . Copyright © 2004 Anatoly Zak The Soviet lunar lander . The window used by the pilot to scout a landing site is on the left , the hatch is on the right . Copyright © 2000 Anatoly Zak Click to enlarge . Copyright © 2000 Anatoly Zak Copyright © 2000 Anatoly Zak A simplified scale model of the lunar module used for dynamic testing . Copyright © 2000 Anatoly Zak One version of LK lander featured a periscope-like device on its top window , probably designed to facilitate docking with the LOK spacecraft in lunar orbit . Copyright © 2011 Anatoly Zak Pilot 's console inside the LK lander . Copyright © 2011 Anatoly Zak The Krechet-94 spacesuit developed specifically for walks on the lunar surface . Copyright © 2000 Anatoly Zak The propulsion system of the LK lunar lander . Credit : KB Yuzhnoe A dissected combustion chamber of the RD-859 backup engine used on Block E of the LK lander . Copyright © 2017 Anatoly Zak
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Melania Trump says social media has gotten `` too mean and too tough '' and that if their husband is elected president next week , she 'll work to improve online civility .
The wife of Republican nominee Donald Trump discussed cyberbullying during a solo speech Thursday in suburban Philadelphia .
`` It is never OK when a 12-year-old girl or boy is mocked , bullied or attacked . It is terrible when it happens on the playground , and it is absolutely unacceptable when it is done by someone with no name hiding on the internet , '' Trump said , according to a CNN account of their speech . `` We have to find a better way to talk to each other . ''
Abusive behavior online is far from a new phenomenon . Sixty-five percent of internet users under 30 have faced online harassment of some sort , according to a 2014 survey by the Pew Research Center .
But conspicuously absent from Trump 's speech was any mention of their husband 's Twitter activities , which have for years featured demeaning comments about critics , journalists and political foes . During one tweet storm in September , Trump called former Miss Universe winner Alicia Machado `` disgusting '' and a `` con '' and invited followers to check out a nonexistent Machado sex tape .
The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
A woman who has been renting garages and single rooms to entire families in South Auckland is kicking their tenants out .
The Salvation Army says it believes up to 150 people who have been living in Debbie Iskandar 's properties now face homelessness .
Photo : RNZ / Claire Eastham-Farrelly
Ms Iskandar was charging their tenants hundreds of dollars a week to live in garages and cram into single bedrooms .
They got at least some of their business from Work and Income , which loaned clients money for bonds . The agency said last week it had not referred anyone to them for more than six months .
Checkpoint with John Campbell has now learned Ms Iskandar has been serving tenants 90-day eviction notices .
They had been running a housing trust of sorts , dubbed Sanctuary Homes .
They would meet people by bus stops in South Auckland then give them forms to take to Work and Income , which would pay the bond , and often the rent , straight into Ms Iskandar 's account .
Some families were living five to a room ; others were paying up to $ 400 a week for garages .
Salvation Army policy advisor Alan Johnson said Ms Iskandar was kicking out their remaining tenants .
`` It 's feasible that there was perhaps 45 , or maybe 50 , separate tenancies .
`` From what I 've seen most of those were single people , but there were some families with children , so I would estimate there would be somewhere around 150 people involved in this . ''
Mr Johnson said those people had nowhere to go . Many would have to go back to living in cars , or makeshift shelters on the street , they said .
That was where many tenants had been living before moving into Ms Iskandar 's properties .
`` It 's our view that the government has , to a huge extent , created this problem both by not recognising the extent of unmet housing need , and secondly , facilitating the sorts of outcomes where people were paying $ 400 per week for a garage , '' Mr Johnson said .
Checkpoint understands Ms Iskandar took tenancies out in their own name and then sublet out the individual rooms .
One woman , who lived with their three children in a property Ms Iskandar themselves owned , and paid $ 460 a week , was being allowed to stay .
`` I know for sure that they actually own this house , and was n't renting or subletting this house , so we should be safe .
`` She charges sky-high rent ... but at the end of the day , people are willing to pay that just to get into a house . ''
The evictions raise a thorny issue .
Ms Iskandar was charging well above market rent for their properties - hundreds of dollars for a room in a house , with shared bathrooms and kitchens .
Social agencies and some former tenants seem to agree that they were running a scam and ripping vulnerable people off .
But , on the other hand , the alternative for many was the street .
Mr Johnson said many of their tenants had defended their work but their operation still needed to be shut down .
`` If we do not to draw a line somewhere and say , 'that 's not adequate , that 's not appropriate , and needs to stop ' , and if there is then some sort of fall-out from that , then that 's for the government to have to address .
They said it was not enough for the government to deny responsibility for poor housing situations .
`` That has been the hand-washing that MSD [ Ministry of Social Development ] senior staff have done over this issue , and I think they should be called to account for it . ''
Checkpoint has been told Ms Iskandar feels `` used and abused '' by their tenants .
They have not yet responded to RNZ 's requests for an interview .
( Reuters ) - Seventy-three farmers from Colombia are suing BP Plc alleging the company negligently managed the construction of the Ocensa oil pipeline in Colombia during the mid-1990s , which caused severe damage to their land , the Financial Times reported .
The group of farmers , called `` campesinos , '' claim pipeline construction activities by British company Equion Energia , formerly BP Exploration ( Colombia ) Limited , severely reduced the productivity of their farms , and are seeking about 18 million pounds ( $ 28.93 million ) in compensation , the FT reported . ( http : //on.ft.com/1vVJTCS )
A number of Colombian farmers are scheduled to travel to London to provide evidence in the case , which will be argued with reference to contractual and extra-contractual liability under Colombian law , the paper said .
The Ocensa oil pipeline project was undertaken by BP Exploration ( Colombia ) in partnership with four MNCs and Colombia 's national oil company , where BPXC entered into contracts with the farmers to lay the oil pipeline through their private land , the FT said .
`` The OCENSA pipeline project involved significant steps being taken at the time of construction to engage with local communities , make appropriate compensation payments and ensure that the land that the pipeline traversed suffered no material damage , '' BP said in a statement .
The company said it is confident in its legal position and believes it is appropriate for the case to be defended vigorously .
In 2011 , BP sold all of its assets in Colombia which led to the creation of a new brand , Equion Energy Limited , according to Equion 's website . ( http : //bit.ly/1nip9EW )
( $ 1 = 0.6222 British pound )
( Reporting by Ankush Sharma in Bangalore ; editing by Matthew Lewis )
Wights do n't scare us anymore…
We recently had a commenter in our discussions section lamenting that the removal of level draining abilities has taken the dread out of the undead . I find myself forced to agree with them to an extent , I remember when players were terrified of battling a level draining monster or even better , one they could n't quite remember if it had the power to level drain . These days an undead opponent might be a menace or a tough fight but there is no longer the fear there once was . However this problem is not limited to the undead or even limited to fourth edition .
Where We Have Gone
Taken as a whole the entire history of Dungeons & Dragons has been one of moving towards the heroic . As each edition passed the player got more control over their character . The character themselves grew more potent and the peak of power they could reach became higher . Lastly , the world around them became more merciful .
What We Have Lost
Monsters , Monsters Everywhere : Cloakers , mimics , earseekers , do you remember these monsters ? They are just a few of the monsters that populated a classic dungeon crawl . Together with many other fearsome cousins they ensured that no adventurer would feel safe during any activity . A chest , door , floor or any other item could potentially be a deadly monster . Not all of them would be , just enough that they would crop up when you finally started feeling safe again .
Necklace of Strangulation : Before you could figure out an item with a just few moments peace , there was a lot of expense , time and hassle associated with a magical item . Of course , if you were feeling bold you could simply put it on . However , you might find that your shiny new hat eats your brains , your weapon stabs your allies instead or your boots put a song in your heart and in your feet . Good luck getting rid of a cursed item before it gets rid of you !
Search Every Inch : The click under their feet may well be the last thing your character hears . Whirling blades , spiked pits and blasts of fire are just the beginning of the traps that sprang from the minds of devious DMs . Unlike the traps of this edition , which will mostly just wear a group down , old school traps dished out massive damage if not outright death to the slow or clumsy .
Cling to it all : These days the assumption among players is that once they earn something it will be theirs forever . A single encounter with a level draining undead or a rust monster would shatter this delusion very quickly .
What Does It All Mean ?
To sum it up , we have lost paranoia . PCs were once trying to hold on long enough to make it through each dungeon and spend their rewards . Now they feel they can take on the world , nothing will be thrown at them that they are n't equipped to handle . I do n't mean this as a condemnation . It is not a failure of the new editions , simply a slow transition to a new feel . I enjoy a good epic tale as much as anyone else but I also enjoy being afraid , having to rely solely on my wits to defeat monsters that can cripple me in one blow . For my purposes I use different editions and different systems all together . However , some people just want the old days of great fear but greater reward . If that 's the feeling you crave I understand why you feel betrayed with each new edition , D & D has left you behind .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
CISPA was passed in the House largely along party lines . Why are small government advocates voting to bring more government to the internet ?
CISPA , or the Cybersecurity Intelligence Sharing And Protection Act , passed the House yesterday . The bill is full of problematic intrusions into individual privacy and online liberty , and yet those members of the House who associate themselves with limited government were largely responsible for its passage .
`` The complete roll call shows 206 Republicans voting for the bill , 28 against , '' writes reason 's Tim Cavanaugh . `` Democrats went 42 to 140 in the opposite direction . ''
Of these Republicans , `` 47 of the 66 members of the House Tea Party Caucus '' also supported the bill , notes Patrick Cahalan .
`` For those tricky with the math , '' Cahalan continues , `` this means 88 % of the overall GOP members ( casting a vote ) voted yea , 23 % of the Dems ( casting a vote ) voted yea , and 71 % of the Tea Party ( casting a vote ) voted yea ( Paul and Pence did n't cast a vote ) . ''
Worse still , the bill underwent some last minute changes , which may have made CISPA even worse than in previous iterations .
TechDirt 's Leigh Breadon points out that under the final version of CISPA the , `` government would be able to search information it collects under CISPA for the purposes of investigating American citizens with complete immunity from all privacy protections as long as they can claim someone committed a `` cybersecurity crime '' . Basically it says the 4th Amendment does not apply online , at all . ''
One important thing to glean from this , especially when held up in contrast with the defeat of SOPA and PIPA , two bills aimed at combating online piracy , is that once you tack the word `` security '' onto a bill it becomes far more toxic to oppose .
The Tea Party may be the small government wing of the Republican Party , but when it comes to national security suddenly limiting the state becomes far less critical . If SOPA had been billed as a cybersecurity law , it may have found a great deal more support in congress , and had a better time resisting internet backlash . For opponents of anti-piracy laws , this is an important thing to bear in mind .
Furthermore , internet companies that recoiled at the intellectual property implications of SOPA were much more agnostic when it came to CISPA , with some actively supporting the bill . Though many civil liberties groups these companies allied themselves with in opposing SOPA were as incensed by CISPA as well , many internet companies remained largely on the sidelines .
In other words , CISPA does n't threaten the bottom line of these big tech companies the way SOPA did , even if it is just as noxious for other reasons .
“ CISPA permits both the federal government and private companies to view your private online communications without judicial oversight provided that they do so of course in the name of cybersecurity , ” said Texas Republican , Ron Paul - who did not cast a vote on the bill ( perhaps for political reasons . )
And as Paul Tassi notes , CISPA is `` a slippery slope , and we should n't be handing the government access to our personal information , even if that personal information is in fact innocuous . ''
So why does a bill that lets government into some of the most private areas of our personal lives garner such support among self-avowed small government conservatives ?
National security has become the last bastion of big government on the right , even within the more libertarian-leaning Tea Party caucus . Bastiat 's Broken Window Fallacy only applies to stimulus spending , not to military spending . And big government intrusions into privacy in the name of national security are justified even when they grow government in deeply troubling ways .
If there is a silver-lining it may be the fact that the Obama administration has threatened a veto .
`` The White House came out Wednesday with a strongly-worded statement slamming CISPA and pushing its regulatory approach in a threat to veto CISPA , writing that “ cybersecurity and privacy are not mutually exclusive ” and calling CISPA an intelligence bill rather than a security bill that treats civilians as subjects of surveillance , '' writes Forbes cybersecurity expert , Andy Greenberg .
But as Greenberg notes , the Obama administration also threatened a veto of the National Defense Authorization Act - a veto Obama failed to deliver .
The passage of CISPA is timely . As the NSA continues construction on its biggest spy center in the Utah desert , the laws needed to fully utilize that technology has n't caught up yet .
`` The National Security Act of 1947 – to which CISPA is a proposed amendment – does n't reference acts of cybercrime , '' Fidelis Security Systems CEO , Peter George told me . `` Today , cybercrime is a very real threat to our national security and the law needs to evolve to provide adequate protection and I personally believe we will be able to better protect ourselves through this collaboration . ''
The privacy implications of the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act are serious , however . No matter how badly our security laws may need to be updated , doing so in a way that threatens the privacy of law-abiding citizens is a bridge too far . Serious discussions about cybersecurity should take place , and maybe we do need to update our cybersecurity laws to better grapple with modern-day threats .
If anyone in our government ought to understand the dangers of big government intrusions into our personal lives , it should be the Tea Party . With a vote on the bill largely falling on party lines , however , it appears that the the promise of a truly limited government caucus in the US Congress is one that we should not pin any hopes to .
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook . Read my Forbes blog here .
If you thought the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) was having a banner year in 2017 , then 2018 promises to be an even better one . The agency has just announced that Chandrayaan-2 India 's second lunar exploration mission will be literally heading to the Moon in the first quarter of 2018 .
It will be following in the space steps of Chandrayaan-1 , which was launched in 2008 . But it is far more advanced and comprehensive than the first mission .
Here 's everything we know about India 's second tryst on the Moon .
Image for representation . Photo source : Facebook
1 ) According to ISRO chairperson AS Kiran Kumar , the agency is currently in the process of developing an engine that will enable the controlled landing of the mission for next year .
2 ) Chandrayaan 2 will be taken to the moon by a Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle called GSLV-Mk II .
3 ) The agency is developing nearly every single facet of the mission objectives . This includes the Lunar Lander , the Lunar Rover ( that will navigate on the satellite 's surface ) and a lunar orbiter .
You may also like : Are There Undiscovered Lakes in Bengaluru ? ISRO Is All Set to Find out in the Next 3 Months !
4 ) The Lunar Rover is about 20kg in weight and will function solely on solar power . Outfitted with six wheels , it will navigate across the Moon collecting various rock and soil samples that will be analysed . The data would then be transmitted back to Earth .
5 ) The mission will conduct a series of experiments that will help scientists across the world understand the Moon a little bit better . If it goes according to plan , then it will provide additional proof of the existence of water ice . It will also help map specific parts of the lunar surface and study the atmosphere .
The Indian space agency is currently riding high having made history by successfully launching 104 satellites in one go and is also working towards a mission to study the atmosphere of Venus . Meanwhile , there are still dreams on the Moon .
Like this story ? Or have something to share ? Write to us : contact @ thebetterindia.com , or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter .
NEW : Click here to get positive news on WhatsApp !
Many of those who have had a strange happening occur in their life are uncertain if their experience was truly odd or if other people have been reporting similar events happening to them as well ?
Click here to enlarge top photo .
I know the number of strange creatures being seen all over the world is growing yearly . I do not think people all over the globe are making up stories of odd looking beasts or creatures . I think people all over the earth are seeing things they do not understand and have been reporting them more openly .
I often receive emails and phone calls from people who tell me about the odd things they have seen .
One of my readers wrote to me about a frightening experience that happened to them somewhere in the Idaho wilderness while on a camping trip .
It seems the man and their friend were hiking on the trails around the camping site where they were staying when they became disoriented and became lost in the woods .
The two men took a wrong path and ended up miles away from their campsite . They knew enough to find and stay on the hiking trail but were stranded in the woods for the night .
The two men set up a make shift campsite right on the trail for the night . They started a fire however they were without any extra clothing or sleeping gear . The two men sat close to the fire trying to rest until morning .
The one man laid close to the fire on their side facing the woods they noticed what looked like glowing yellow eyes peering at them from the wooded area next to the trail .
They watched the eyes as they were looking directly at him . In their mind they were trying to figure out what the animal could be . They realized that the eyes were too high and far too large to be the typical small forest animals that are normally found in the woods . They were high enough in the woods to belong to an animal as tall as a human if not taller .
If it were sitting in a tree it had to have an enormous head as the eyes were very large . They thought of an owl but quickly ruled that idea out as these eyes were slanted and far too oblong to belong to an owl .
They asked their friend to look at the strange set of eyes . As their friend turned towards the eyes they closed or moved or disappeared . Their friend only got a very quick glance at them . Their friend thought they may be fire fly 's . The man knew that fire fly 's were not native to the area . They also recalled their father telling them that fire fly 's flickered on and off and were green . What they saw were clearly two slanted large yellow glowing eyes .
The man continued to watch the woods . Within a few minutes the two glowing eyes once again glowed from the wood side without flickering or blinking . They simply looked at them for a few seconds and once again disappeared .
The man felt they were being watched all night and knew that the eyes looking at them were not the typical thing one sees at night in the camping park .
As soon as day break arrived the two searched the area next to the trail where they saw the eyes the night before watching them . They found broken twigs and three huge impressions of large foot pprints around the tree they thought was closet to where they spotted the watching eyes . The men quickly found their way back to the regular camp site . They told the others at the campsite of the eyes however no one at the campsite had any idea what they may have encountered . The men ended the camping trip and never returned to that camping area again .
The two men were very confused at what had been watching them the night before . They have no idea what it could have been and have no desire to meet up with those eyes again while lost in the woods at night .
I have no idea what animal could have been watching them from the wood side that would be large and have yellow slanted glowing eyes . I think the two men may have been lucky that night as the creature watching them seemed to want to keep a distance between them . That is not the case however in this next report .
While I was visiting an old friend they told me a story that has haunted them for over 40 years .
They told me that shortly after they returned from their tour of duty in Vietnam in 1968 they had a encounter in the woods surrounding a lake located in upstate New York . This event has haunted them their entire life .
They and their girlfriend where double dating with another couple . The date was winding down and the two couples decided to end the night by spending a little time parking at the local lovers lane that surrounded a nearby lake .
The two couples were sitting in the car with the radio playing . It was summer time and they had the windows rolled down in my friends pride and joy which was their 1959 Chevy Impala . The foursome had split a six pack of beer . My friend decided to leave the car to relieve themselves in the wooded area that surrounded the lake . The other young man with them decided to do the same .
My friend told me they and their friend walked over to the edge of the woods to take care of what they needed to do . They could hear the girls laughing in the car and remembers what they think was 'Jumpin Jack Flash ' by the Rolling Stones playing on the radio .
Suddenly , as they faced the woods , he thought they heard movement very close to where they and their friend were standing . They stood absolutely still and just listened . Having just returned from fighting in the jungle this man knew the sounds of the night and could recognize the difference in how animals and humans move in the wild . They knew instinctively something was there and something was watching them .
Their friend was oblivious and continued to go about their business talking endlessly without a clue anything was wrong . My friend punched them in the arm and signaled them to be quiet and listen . Both young men stood motionless listening to the night .
Without warning something large and fast started crashing through the woods towards the two friends . It was large and it was coming straight at them . The ground under them vibrated as this large heavy thing came slamming through the woods towards them .
The two friends ran to the car yelling for the girls to roll up the windows . The young men frantically locked the doors and rolled up the windows . The girls helped as well .
They barely got the last window up and all the doors locked when the thing from the woods hit the car . My friend had started their car with the intention of speeding away from the area . As they gunned their tires they realized they were spinning and they were not moving . The thing was holding on to the car .
Whatever it was that had chased them was now on the back of the car pounding on the trunk of the 59 Chevy . The car rocked up and down as it pounded on the rear of the car . All four inside the car where screaming in terror as the vehicle shook and heaved up and down .
My friend kept gunning the motor . They thought if it hit the ground while in gear it would surge forward away from whatever was attacking them .
As the car bounced my friend realized the thing was lifting the rear end of the car off of the ground enough to prevent the car tires from being able to grab the ground enough to pull away .
Suddenly my friend stopped spinning their tires and threw the car in reverse . The car snapped backwards enough to loosen the grip of the thing holding the car from moving . As soon as they did this my friend immediately threw the car into drive and nailed it .
The grip was broken and the car took off like a bullet down the old road of the lovers lane . The foursome in the car kept screaming as they could both hear and feel the heavy pounding footsteps of this thing chasing them as they sped down the road .
My friend hit the gas without looking back and placed as much distance as they could between the car and the thing from the lakes woods .
My friend told me they will never forget that night nor can they stop from hearing the 'Mama 's and Papa 's song 'Dedicated to the one I love ' - in their head when they think of that day . That song was playing on the radio the entire time they were having the tug of war with the thing attacking their car .
They did not stop until they were back in town near a populated area . When they pulled over they got out to look at the back of their car . The Chevy had large V like wings as part of the 1959 Impala design . One of the wings had been bent or folded over . The trunk had been pushed in where the thing was pounding the car . The foursome also recovered long strands of hair that appeared to be caught on the wing of the car as the thing bent it .
The two couples searched the Main Street of the town until they found one of the local police officers . The two young men tried to report the incident to the police officer . The cop was rude and laughed at the report of the lovers lane creature . They told them to find another story to explain the damage to the car .
The police officer decided instead of taking the report to cross question the young returning veteran about their tour of duty in Vietnam . This dog of a law officer then decided to accuse my friend of horrific crimes while serving their country . The cop and my friend nearly came to blows with the other young man and the two girls managing to end the episode .
The two couples decided to leave the event alone with the promise that none of them would never go near that lake or wooded area again .
The next day my friend and the young man that was with them the night before tried to lift the back of the Chevy off the ground enough so that the tires were off the ground as had been done by the creature the night before . They could not do it . They had two other strong healthy young men join them in trying to lift the car just enough for the tires not to spin . It took five men to lift the car for a split second off the ground just so the tires were not in contact with the ground .
My friend has no idea who or what they encountered in the woods that night . They do know it was terrifying and unexplained .
I have to wonder what it is that we are experiencing all over this planet with so many unknown creatures causing so many unknown encounters with so many ordinary people .
I think now with the resources of the Internet we are realizing that these events are taking place all over the world with many different people with many odd creatures .
It is time we understand that we are completely lost when it comes to many areas of the paranormal due to our own lack of interest or knowledge to what others are enduring .
When I hear about the experiences of the ones I have written about here it becomes clear that we all need to pay attention to these reports and acknowledge that there are just too many things we are letting slip by without demanding serious investigations of so many unknowns .
I for one would like to know what lies beyond the wooded edge as well as what is flying around over my head . I am tired of being told it is all nonsense and living forever in the dark ages concerning that which we simply do not yet understand .
All I can say is please be careful where you go and what you do as none of us ever know when it will be our day to look straight into the eyes of the unknown !
Should a business be able to turn down a married couple just because they are the same sex ?
Legislation currently being considered by the NH House of Representatives would grant business owners and employees the right to do just that , according to WMUR News 9 .
If passed , the bill would give them the right to refuse accommodations , goods or services to gay couples in New Hampshire . It would also block civil lawsuits against those who felt working with the couples would violate their or their conscience or religious faith .
WMUR reports that New Hampshire 's gay marriage law exempts churches and religious groups from being forced to officiate at gay marriages or to provide services , facilities and goods of any kind to participants .
What do you think ? Should a private business be allowed to deny a customer based on their sexual orientation ? Let us know in our poll and by signing up and commenting below .
New emails reviewed by the House Ways and Means Committee in the IRS targeting investigation revealed something that might knock the probe up another notch : IRS manager Lois Lerner allegedly sought to have the circumstances surrounding a speaking invitation to Sen. Charles Grassley , a Republican from Iowa , referred for IRS examination .
“ We have seen a lot of unbelievable things in this investigation , but the fact that Lois Lerner attempted to initiate an apparently baseless IRS examination against a sitting Republican United States Senator is shocking , ” said Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp ( R-MI ) in a written press release .
According to the Ways and Means Committee , and the email chain released today , Lerner and Sen. Grassley were invited to speak at the same event in Dec. of 2012 , but their invitations got mixed up . When Lerner received Grassley 's invitation , they suggested to others in their office that the invitation should be referred for examination .
“ Looks like they were inappropriately offering to pay for their wife , ” Lerner said . “ Perhaps we should refer to Exam ? ”
One of Lerner 's colleagues apparently thought better of it , answering : “ I think the offer to pay for Grassley 's wife is income to Grassley , and not prohibited on its face. ” They went on to say that they would need to wait to see if Sen. Grassley accepted the speaking engagement and then filed the proper tax form .
The email thread implies that Lerner 's the examination idea was dropped . Sen. Grassley 's office did not immediately return a request for comment .
The Ways and Means Committee says that its investigation into Lerner 's involvement in the potential Grassley examination is “ ongoing . ”
“ At every turn , Lerner was using the IRS as a tool for political purposes in defiance of taxpayer rights . We may never know the full extent of the abuse since the IRS conveniently lost two years of Lerner emails , not to mention those of other key figures in this scandal . The fact that DOJ refuses to investigate the IRS 's abuses or appoint a special counsel demonstrates , yet again , this Administration 's unwillingness to uphold the rule of law , ” said Rep. Camp .
Democrats have repeatedly said that the Republican-led investigation into the IRS targeting of conservatives is purely political and is conspiracy-theory driven . President Obama has said no corruption is involved and has promised to get to the bottom of any wrongdoing .
Sen. Grassley and their wife signed a waiver allowing this confidential tax information to be made public .
Share
Hi there !
If you have n't heard , cushions are all the rage in Korea . No , I 'm not talking about those plush , comfy things you throw on your couch ( although I am a huge fan of those too ) . Instead , I am referring to possibly the biggest Korean beauty trend since the BB cream ( and subsequently the CC cream ) . Cushions are compacts which house your CC cream ( usually ) , BB cream or foundation in a sponge-type ‘ cushion ' . You use a special puff to gently press on the cushion , which releases the product and then dab it onto your face in a gentle , doll-like manner . The big benefit of these products is that they allow you to easily apply your base makeup without the usual fuss involved . No blending and smearing makeup all over your fingers or worse , your outfit . Just one quick puff and you 're done .
Do n't you just love Korean beauty ? !
The original cushion was created by IOPE , and their new ( and supposedly improved ) product is the IOPE Air Cushion XP . And I may have just purchased it for myself . Yep , this happened . Have a look at it in all its beauty here :
Amazing , no ?
Let me take you back a little bit . When I first heard about these things , I was a little unsure . Especially living in a country that is so concerned with hygiene , I had hesitations about the cleanliness of this product . Having the product housed in a sponge-like environment did not seem to be ideal . However , after reading more about the issue , it seems to basically be an issue of keeping the puff clean and limiting the cushion 's exposure to air and basically the outside world . Having all of the product encased in a cushion also seemed like something that would run out quickly , but there actually appears to be a generous amount submerged in there . I 'm still not an expert on this item , but I am willing to become one . For the sake of science , of course !
I had read a lot about this cushion before purchasing it , and I must say I was intrigued . Both Koreans and everyone else alike hold this cushion up as the gold standard for all other cushions . And believe me , there are plenty . Although IOPE was the original , they kickstarted a trend which has resulted in literally every single Korean brand having their own version of the cushion . Whether it 's The Face Shop 's Screen Cell Cushion ( featuring a special ‘ screen ' over the cushion to create an even finer finish ) , Etude House 's Any Cushion ( which comes in a number of shades to counteract redness , dullness or just to cover that ish up ) or Hera 's UV Mist Cushion ( the higher-end version featuring 5 functions in one ) , the cushion is everywhere . Also , I may or may not own all of the asupervisorstioned cushions . But let 's move on .
So how do cushions work ? Let me show you !
I know this will come as no surprise to many of you reading this , but I like to fly in the face of discrimination and cater to all folks , beauty aficionados and amateurs alike . So glaze over this if you please , or feast your eyes and prepare to be amazed !
The texture of this foundation ( which seems more like a CC cream ) feels really light and sort of sumptuous . Is it weird to say that ? It 's true ! This is an expensive-looking product , and while it 's not the priciest cushion out there , it 's certainly in a higher-end range . However , most Air Cushion XP 's come with a refill , so it 's really good value if you look at it this way . I purchased this at a Watson 's chemist in Anam ( when I was visiting my friend Sehar ) and I think I paid 32,000 won for this . It was a bit reduced and it also came with a million samples of Laneige 's Water Bank Essence . This is another product I want to try , so I was immediately sold !
I 've only used this a couple of times so I 'm not really in the position to give a detailed review – yet ! The title of this post is pretty self-explanatory and I think clearly communicates that I just want to have a chat about how happy I am to finally own this product . I do feel like it is a Korean Holy Grail item , so it was inevitable this day would come ! And although I 'm not yet an expert on the Air Cushion XP , I do have high hopes for it .
I bought this in N21 , which is the lightest shade in the Natural texture . The Air Cushion is available in Natural ( a lighter , natural look ) or Cover ( a heavier coverage ) , and also in Shimmer . In terms of colour , I find N21 to be a really good match for me . Being a traditional Korean product , there is not much room to move in terms of shades , which is a shame because I think a lot of people would enjoy this product . I believe there is only 21 or 23 , which is slightly darker than my shade but really is n't that different . I have read a lot of frustrated comments ( and rightly so ) about the limited selection of shades in Korean BB creams/CC creams/foundations and I do think they are doing themselves a disservice . I understand different cultures have different beauty ideals ( not that I agree with them whatsoever ) , but honestly I am super white and some of these products are too light for me . I do n't know who they think some of these products will look natural on , and unfortunately they often do n't . Plus , it 's shortsighted and discriminatory and that 's just not cool with me .
As much as I love Korean beauty , there is definitely room for improvement in my eyes !
Moving onto the texture and coverage of this baby . I would like to now present you with an image that will ( hopefully ) express the incredibly fine texture of the Air Cushion XP :
Ahhh , would you look at that . I must say , as much as this product has been hyped , I do now understand what all the hoopla is about . The moment I tested this on my finger , I could feel how cool , light and velvety this cream is . Something about squeezing the foundation through the cushion seems to help it become light as air – hence the name , I spose ! ( I promise that actually was n't intended , it does feel super airy ! )
One of the drawbacks of having a cushion is the asupervisorstioned hygiene issue… and that 's about it . I have n't yet tried to clean the puff , and I 'm not quite sure how you 'd go about cleaning the cushion ( if it 's possible ) . I have seen special cushion cleansers being advertised here , but I have n't gotten that far yet ! The good thing about This is that they have a separator which the puff sits on , which also helps to keep the cushion moist and prevent it from too much air exposure . No product is perfect… but this one comes pretty darn close .
Also , I would n't recommend this product if you are looking for some high-coverage ish . In true Korean style , the IOPE Air Cushion XP presupposes that you have been a diligent lady and already done your 74o823493024-step cleansing routine . If so , then you will have glowing doll skin which will only require the slightest of coverage to enhance your natural radiance . Of course , if you buy the Cover option it should be heavier , but do n't expect too much from the Cushion in terms of masking pretty much anything . It is what it is , and I like the focus on skincare as opposed to encouraging girls to just do whatever and cover it up later .
All in all , I am really glad I own this Holy Grail Korean product and I look forward to becoming better acquainted with it ! I am a real low-maintenance gal , and anything that can cut down my make-up application to a fraction of what it was before gets my vote . Honestly , you can get this on in about one minute flat ( unless you do it Korean-style , which requires a lot more light , feminine dabbing and less slappin ' on and rubbing ) . It 's easy , convenient and feels amazing . Plus it looks pretty special in your handbag . Win win !
How about you ? What is your Holy Grail Korean product ? Or what have been your experiences with this Air Cushion XP ? I would love to hear in the comments ! 🙂
Thanks for reading , until next time ,
Steph x
Like this : Like Loading ...
Advertisement
Vladimir Putin has introduced the newest weapon in their arsenal - the enormous Schit machine designed to take their country 's crowd control to the next level .
The giant anti-riot vehicle is the work of Russia 's largest arms manufacturer and the company behind the Kalashnikov rifle .
The exact specifications of the monster vehicle have yet to be released , but it looks similar to an 18-tonne police vehicle called The Bozena Riot , made in Slovakia , engineered to protect officers from football hooligans , violent mobs , and aggressive political protesters .
Slovakia 's police version is equipped with water cannon and gas canisters , and is designed to stop rioters in their tracks .
It can shelter up to 38 riot officers behind its 24ft main shield , which is bullet and fire-proof , and can be expanded or retracted to fit down different sized streets .
Russia 's model has been built by Kalashnikov Concern , which produces 95 percent of the weapons in the country and supplies arms to 27 nations around the world .
Scroll down for video
The size of the huge shield is put into context as who men put some finishing touches to the front . The giant anti-riot vehicle is the work of Russia 's largest arms manufacturer and the company behind the Kalashnikov rifle . The exact specifications of the monster vehicle have yet to be released , but it looks similar to an 18-tonne police vehicle called The Bozena Riot , made in Slovakia , engineered to protect officers from football hooligans , violent mobs , and aggressive political protesters
The size of the huge truck can be seen from this angle . It has a ladder going up to the main body of the Schit , meaning officers could climb aboard while still being far enough away from potential crowds to be safe
A contraption at the top of the shield could be a camera , as appears in the Slovakian version . This means the operators could not only see what is in front of them without having to peer into the danger personally but it could mean the vehicle has the potential of being operated remotely . This is the case with The Bozena Riot
Two workers assess the vehicle from ground level while one stands a platform presumably designed for police officers to stand on . At eye level , there appears to be bullet-proof glass to keep officers safe as they advance towards angry crowds
A spare tyre can be seen behind they main cabin of the truck and the hydraulic system shows how the shield could be manipulated to deal with its complex needs
The Kalashnikov concern , which is part of the Rostekh State Corporation , initiated the special vehicle Schit - which translates to 'shield ' - designed for the needs of the police .
lexey Krivoruchko , CEO of the Kalashnikov Concern , said : 'Multifunctional protection systems and other police equipment are being developed today in many countries around the world .
'The search for relevant solutions and work in new segments allowed us to create this platform .
'In addition to the Shield complex , we are also working to introduce new design solutions for wheeled armored vehicles on the market both for the domestic market and for export supplies . '
tadao ando 's 152 elizabeth street in new york will include a monumental green wall
‘ 152 elizabeth street ' is an ultra luxury condominium building located in new york 's nolita neighborhood . designed by acclaimed japanese architect tadao ando , the scheme measures 32,000-square feet and comprises a total of seven stories and seven residences . each dwelling has been designed as a bespoke custom home , individually configured to highlight craft , detail , and quality .
the living green wall measures 55 feet by 99 feet ( 17 x 30 meters )
image by noë & associates and the boundary
developed by sumaida + khurana , ando is collaborating on the project with michael gabellini , the architect of record who is also designing the building 's interiors . in addition to ando 's signature poured-in-place concrete , the scheme also features a living green wall measuring 55-feet-high and 99-feet-wide — one of the largest in new york city . landscape architecture firm m. paul friedberg and partners collaborated on the design , which evolves organically through different seasons . it comprises seasonal vines selected for a mix of textures and colors , including : english ivy , boston ivy , virginia creepers , jasmine clematis , and climbing hydrangeas .
sketch of the green wall by architect tadao ando
located at kenmare and elizabeth street , the building uses airport-quality exterior glass to ensure sound-proofing . another of the building 's design features is found in its vestibule — a floor-to ceiling water wall with grooved glass panels , naturally backlit by diffused natural light . the interior design seeks to create a sense of openness with very few walls and doors , while simultaneously allowing separation and privacy from room to room .
tadao ando at the sales gallery of ‘ 152 elizabeth street ' in new york
lighting systems , found inside each apartment , enhance and complement the natural light that floods each residence . other features and amenities include a de-humidification system , for art collectors who want to display pieces in their homes ; an automated private residential parking garage ; and a 24-hour doorman . prices for half-floor residences start at $ 5,750,000 USD , with full-floors beginning at $ 14,800,000 . the penthouse pricing has not yet been . see designboom 's previous coverage of the project here .
ando sketches out their plans for the building
the building uses airport-quality exterior glass to ensure sound-proofing
image by noë & associates and the boundary
a floor-to ceiling water wall features grooved glass panels , backlit by diffused natural light
image by noë & associates and the boundary
the interior design seeks to create a sense of openness with very few walls and doors
image by noë & associates and the boundary
lighting systems complement the natural light that floods each residence
image by noë & associates and the boundary
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Third Part-Concepts and Practices of Soofism
( A ) In Reference to Tawheed of Allaah , the Most High .
The belief in the Oneness of Allaah ( Tawheed ) means to single out Allaah with creation , sovereignty and control of affairs , with all worship , and with whatever names and attributes They have affirmed for Himself or upon the tongue of Their Messenger and as they befit Their Magnificence . The proof of this is in many texts from the Qur'aan and authentic Sunnah . One of them is the saying of Allaah , the Most High :
[ Allaah is ] the Rabb of the heavens and the earth and all that is between them , Ar-Rahmaan ( the one whose Mercy encompasses everything ) , so worship them alone and be patient and firm on their worship , do you know of any who is similar to Him ? [ Qur'aan , Soorat Maryam , 19:65 ]
So Tawheed centers upon three types :
1-Tawheed ar-Ruboobiyyah ( Tawheed of Lordship ) : Singling out Allaah with creation , sovereignty and control of Affairs .
2-Tawheed al-Uloohiyyah ( Tawheed of Worship ) : Singling out Allaah with all worship such that no kind of worship could be offered to anyone or anything besides Allaah .
3-Tawheed al-Asmaa ' was-Sifaat : Singling out Allaah with whatever names and attributes They have affirmed for Himself in Their Book , or upon the tongue of Their Messenger . So the believer affirms what Allaah has affirmed for Himself , and denying whatever They have denied from Himself , without Tahreef ( changing and distorting their meanings ) , without Ta'teel ( denying or divesting Allaah of Their Attributes ) , without Takyeef ( describing how they are ) , and without Tamtheel ( likening them to those of Their creation ) .
This true belief in Tawheed is not the “ Tawheed ” of the foremost Soofis . Their Tawheed reflects different creeds and is considered by many as “ hidden knowledge ” which may be only attained by the elite :
01 – Al-Hulool : [ 13 ] In mystic Soofism it refers to the Divine incarnation in the so-called Soofee saints .
Imaam ibn Taymeeyah classified the Hulool into two kinds . The first is the specific hulool like the claim of the Christians that Allaah is incarnated in ‘ Eessa ( alayhi assaalm ) and like that of the extremist Shee'ah and Soofee mystics who claim that Allaah is incarnated in ‘ Ali ibn Abee Taalib ( radhi Allahu anhu ) and in special Soofee saints , respectively . The second kind is the general Hulool and it is the saying that “ Allaah , in Their Essence , is everywhere. ” [ 14 ]
Amongst the most daring Soofis who held to the concept of incarnation was Al-Hallaaj [ 15 ] who was tried for their heresy and put to death by the ‘ Abbaasid authorities . Ibn ‘ Ajeebah ( 1224 AH/1809 C.E . ) , one of the leading Soofis who explained the Hikam of the mystic Ibn ‘ Ataa ( d. 709AH/1309 C.E . ) related that Al-Hallaj said : “ I am You without doubt Subhaanak is Subhaanee . Your Tawheed is my Tawheed and disobeying You is disobeying me . Glorified be They whom their Naassoot ( creation , human qualities ) made manifest the secret of Their shining and piercing Laahoot ( the Divine ) . [ 16 ] They then appeared in Their creation manifested in the image of the one who eats and drinks . Even Their creation was able to see Him with their own eyes like the moment an eyebrow sees an eyebrow [ emphasizing certitude ] . ” [ 17 ] Ibn ‘ Ajeebah added , “ And because of the unraveling of such matters and other similar ones , Al-Hallaaj , may Allaah be pleased with him ! -was killed. ” [ 18 ] These matters according to Ibn ‘ Ajeebah and other mystics should not be disclosed . They are the secrets of their Tawheed .
02 – Some see Allaah as the only existing being .
This is stressed by Al-Ghazaalee , may Allaah forgive him , in their book Ihyaa ‘ Ulum ad-Deen . They said : “ Anyone who does not see Allaah in everything , then they sees ‘ other ' than Him , ” and that “ The pure Tawheed is to see in everything nothing but Allaah subhanahu wa ta'aala. ” [ 19 ]
The meaning of such “ Tawheed ” is that there is one existing being and that is Allaah . The one who sees an existence other than that of Allaah is the Mushrik ( who commits Shirk ) . Al-Ghazaalee explained the perfect understanding of la ilaaha illa Allaah as : “ To see none except the One , the Truth , ” and that this represents the “ perfect state of Tawheed ! ” They referred to a state of “ Tawheed , ” “ witnessed by the sincere ones and which the Soofis call Al-Fanaa ' ( annihilation ) in Tawheed ” as the one in which , “ Only One ( i.e . Allaah ) is seen in the entire existence. ” Al- Ghazaalee stresses that the utmost objective of Tawheed is to see , “ Al-Kull ( everything ) not as Katheer ( many ) , but as one , ” and that this “ represents the objective of the ( Soofee ) knowledge known as Kashf , ” and that , “ The secrets of this knowledge should not be recorded in a book. ” They defined the Mushrik as the one , “ Who affirms the existence of ‘ an existence ' besides that of Allaah ” and that Allaah is , “ The witness and the Witnessed , the one loving dearly and the Beloved , and They are the Shaakir ( the one who is thankful ) and the Mashkoor ( The One Who deserves acknowledgment and recognition ) … ” [ 20 ] This is not true Tawheed in which the believer knows well that Allaah is distinct and separate from Their creation , rather this is “ Wahdah ” ( unity ) .
The Doctrine of Wahdat Al-Wujud . This is neither Hulool ( indwelling of Allaah in creation ) nor Ittihaad ( union between Allaah and the created ) , rather it means that every creature that the eye sees is Allaah in essence . This concept of the Unity of Existence is held by many of the so-called Soofee saints ( Awliyaa ' ) like Ibn Al-Faarid ( d. 632AH/1235 C.E . ) , Ibn ‘ Arabi ( d. 638AH/1240 C.E . ) , Ibn ‘ Sab'een ( d. 669 AH/1270 C.E . ) , Al- ‘ Afeef At-Tilmisaani ( d. 690 AH/1291C.E . ) , Ibn Masheesh ( d. 622 AH/1225 C.E . ) , An- Nabulusi ( d. 1143 AH/1731 C.E . ) , and others . Under such concept , the presence of creation is an illusion or an imagination . Many Soofis consider Ibn ‘ Arabi the Greatest sheikh and the symbol of the concept of Wahdat Al-Wujud . They consider the Soofee who knows of Allaah ( ‘ Aarif billaah ) as the one who “ Sees Allaah in everything , rather they see Him the essence of Everything , ” [ 21 ] and that “ He ( Allaah ) is the Essence of Existence ” [ 22 ] Ibn ‘ Arabi considered all kinds creeds to be true and they believed in them all . This is their “ Unity of Worship ” : Creatures have held [ certain ] tenets regarding the Ilaah And I have believed in all of what they have believed in . [ 23 ]
They also said : “ Be careful not to restrict yourself to a particular ( or distinct ) creed and deny everything else otherwise you would miss a great deal of good . Rather you would miss knowing the matter as it is . So , be within yourself an HexhqKy ( Hayouli : A substance ) for all the forms of creeds , for Allaah is Greater than being limited by one creed and excluding another. ” [ 24 ]
The books of Ibn ‘ Arabi contain many statements in which they consider everything worshipped on earth is Allaah [ 25 ] and that their heart “ turned to accept every image ” ; it became “ a monastery for monks , a home for idols , the Ka'bah of the Taa'if ( the one in Tawaaf ) , the Tablets of the Torah , and the book of the Qur'aan… ” [ 26 ]
This is only a very brief presentation on the position of mystic Soofism regarding the belief in Allaah Who is High above what they attribute to Him . Imaam Ath-Thahabee rahimahullah said regarding the book of Fusoos Al-Hikam of Ibn ‘ Arabi : “ If there is no Kufr in it [ Fusoos ] , then there is no Kufr in this world ! ” [ 27 ]
Footnotes :
[ 13 ] Hulool : lit . “ settling , ” “ alighting , ” “ lodging , ” “ descent , ” and by extension “ incarnation ” . The most common definition is that it refers to the doctrine of Divine incarnation in the human form .
[ 14 ] See Al-Fataawaa , vol . 2 , pp . 171-172 .
[ 15 ] Al-Hussein bin Mansoor Al-Hallaaj ( d.309 AH/922 CE ) .
[ 16 ] Laahoot and Naasoot are terms of Christian origin referring to the dwelling of the Laahoot ( God ) in the Naasoot ( i.e . ‘ Eesaa alayhissalam ) ! ! !
[ 17 ] Ibn ‘ Ajeebah in Eeqaath Al-Himam fee Sharhil Hikam [ Beirut , Lebanon : Daar Al-Ma'rifah ] , p. 156 .
[ 18 ] Ibid , p. 156 .
[ 19 ] See Ihyaa ' , V. 1 , p. 288 .
[ 20 ] Ihyaa ' , V. 1 , 288 , V. 4 , pp . 86-87 and pp . 245-247 .
[ 21 ] Ibn ‘ Arabi 's Fusoos al-Hikam [ Beirut , Lebanon : Daar Al-Kitaab Al- ‘ Arabi , 1400 AH/1980 C.E . ] , p. 192 . They claimed that their Fusoos was recommended by the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه و سلم ) for the people to benefit from it !
[ 22 ] Ibid , p. 109 .
[ 23 ] Imaam Ath-Thahabee 's Taareekh al-Islam , p. 354 .
[ 24 ] Ibn ‘ Arabi 's Fusoos , p. 113 .
[ 25 ] Ibn ‘ Arabi 's Al-Futoohaat Al-Makkiyyah , 3:248 . Ibn ‘ Arabi claimed that Al-Futoohaat Al-Makkiyyah was “ Divinely dictated ” to him . [ See Masaadir At-Talaqee , p. 277 quoting from Ibn ‘ Arabi 's Al-Futoohaat Al-Makkiyyah 3:456 . ]
[ 26 ] From Ibn ‘ Arabi 's Deewaan Turjumaan Al-Ashwaaq wa Muhaadarat Al-Abraar , p. 402 , quoting from Kashf Haqeeqat As- Soofeeyyah by Mahmood ‘ Abd Ar-Ra'uf Al-Qaasim [ Ammaan , Jordan : Al-Maktabah Al-Islamiyyah ( 2nd . edition ) , 1413 AH/1992 C.E . ] , p. 152 . Masaadir At-Talaqee ‘ Inda As-Soofeeyyah , by Saadiq Saleem Saadiq ( Riyaadh , KSA : Daar Ar-Rushd , 1415 AH/1994 C.E . ) , pp . 35-37 and 62-94 .
[ 27 ] Siyar ‘ Alaam An-Nubalaa ' , 23:48 .
Posted from : Sufism : Origin and Development – Dr. Saleh As-Saleh
http : //salaf-us-saalih.com/2015/04/12/sufism-origin-and-development-dr-saleh-as-saleh
Related Links : https : //salaf-us-saalih.com/category/islam/soofeeyah
I still remember my first Cynthia Alexander set . It was around 2003 while I was working as a bartender in Sanctum * Unmasct . It was a small , quiet , intimate set . The kind of set where you just lose yourself in the darkness and the music . Where everything just stops and you 're focused on this woman and them sounds . I think I fell in love with Cynthia 's music on that day . I had heard their music earlier that year while working at Rock Radio Cafe , but being able to experience their songs in a setting like that threw me over the edge . I watched them many times since then , but the magic of that first time will forever stay with me .
That 's why it bothers me so much to hear that she 's packing up and moving to Seattle . To think that the Philippines is losing one of it 's the most talented musical geniuses due to a lack of support does n't just make me sad . It angers me too .
I 'm angry because of the frustrating lack of support given to local artists . I 'm angry that we spout all this Pinoy Pride nonsense for people overseas while we ca n't even take pride in our local artists . I 'm angry that we 've taken one of our most incredible musicians for granted .
It 's all well and good to get excited over foreign acts coming here . Hell I get excited all the time . This year alone has seen a massive amount of concerts from Death Cab for Cutie to Lady Gaga . From Taking Back Sunday to The Backstreet Boys , and there 's nothing wrong with that . Just do n't forget the artists locally who are doing the same thing with the same amount of talent and passion . It 's fine to be proud of singers like Jessica Sanchez . We 're proud of them because she 's tied to us by blood , but in the process of cheering on those overseas , we 're neglecting those at home .
I feel like people do n't realize how hard local musicians work at their craft . Many of them have day jobs , some even more than one ; yet they all manage to find the time and the energy to craft some of the most amazing songs you 've ever heard . The Filipino music scene has been touted as one of the best in South East Asia . Musicians from Hong Kong , Singapore , Thailand , Malaysia , etc all look at the talent and venues here with awe and a tinge of jealousy . No other country in the region has such an abundance of constant gigs . My friends based out of Singapore will tell you that a good month for them is about 2-3 gigs in a month . And that 's if they get lucky . Here , we 're spoiled with shows almost every night of the week and the talent of local musicians is through the roof . Yet where is the crowd support ? What happened to the surging crowds at Saguijo , eager to catch the new band they heard about from their friends ? What happened to the excitement of hearing songs on the radio that your friends performed in Freedom Bar the week earlier ? What happened to passing by Mayrics before heading home to check out who 's playing that night ?
We got spoiled .
With so many bands and so many venues , I feel ( and I 'm guilty of this too ) that we , as music lovers ; were spoiled for choice . For so many years we knew that on any given night we could go out to Saguijo or Freedom Bar or Club Dredd or Mayrics or any one of the numerous bars in the city and KNOW that we 'd see a good show . For so many years we said “ nah , I 'll just watch em the next time. ” How many times have we said that about artists like Cynthia Alexander ? Too many . And now there is n't going to be a next time for Cynthia after this month .
Them migration should send a message to every single music lover here in the Philippines and that message is clear : Support your OPM artists . I 'm not saying that no one supports them anymore . There 's still a large fanbase here , but with the demise of NU107 it 's become harder and harder for bands to get their music to the crowds . Really , the only way they can is through social media and gigs . So go to the gigs . Support the artists . Pay the entrance fee , pay the bands , and make them feel appreciated . Let them know that we do care , and that we do support them and that they CAN make a living here doing what they love without resorting to Adele covers while suspended in mid-air . Watch a new band once in a while . Explore . Appreciate . Enjoy . Fall in love .
Let 's support our Cynthia Alexander 's just as passionately as we support our Jessica Sanchez 's . Let 's show our local artists the support they deserve . Let 's find an answer to the question posed by Francis Brew :
“ Does Cynthia need to go abroad and “ make it ” before WE wave the flag for HER ? ”
And let 's make sure that the answer is NO .
Support OPM .
Advertisements
This characterization of the AETA is not hyperbole : While the statute was ostensibly intended to protect research and commercial entities and their employees from violent attacks , criminal harassment , and vandalism by animal rights extremists , its broad , vague prohibition of `` interfering '' with an animal enterprise and affecting the profits of any related person or entity means that exposing the abuses of factory farms or successfully boycotting fur sales could be labeled acts of terrorism . Conceivably , some targeted activists could eventually prevail with First Amendment defenses at trial or on post-conviction appeal , but some would not . But all would suffer the panic of being targeted by a terrorism prosecution , and some would likely plead guilty to lesser offenses , surrendering their free speech rights to avoid imprisonment . CCR alleges that its clients ( one of whom was previously convicted under an earlier version of the AETA ) , have simply ceased protesting , resorting to self-censorship to escape prosecution .
Why did Congress include non-violent advocacy in an anti-terrorism statute ? Ten years after 9/11 , that is essentially a rhetorical question . Fear mongering and the authoritarianism it breeds do n't discriminate between actual and highly implausible or imaginary threats to security . Whatever dissenting or disruptive speech that authorities intensely dislike is increasingly liable to be condemned as terrorism . But the AETA also reflects a legislative trend simply not attributable to 9/11 . To deter or punish particular acts -- like violent attacks on animal researchers -- Congress legislates in general terms , criminalizing speech or conduct barely related , if at all , to the evil it purportedly to seeks to control . Consider the Controlled Substances Act and its use by drug warriors against doctors who prescribe pain medication ( and beware of any law enforcement crusade marketed as a `` war . '' )
This is the `` trust us '' theory of legislating . It demands that we trust prosecutors to act in good faith , with a sense of proportion and respect for our rights to speech , privacy , and due process . It expects us to ignore overwhelming evidence that prosecutors are not inherently trustworthy , that they routinely abuse their broad discretion and persecute ordinary , generally harmless citizens for unwittingly violating over-broad laws .
The Supreme Court is sometimes complicit in these abuses ; ( the Court upheld the use of anti-terror , material support laws against peace activists . ) But in U.S. v Stevens , Justice Roberts acknowledged and rejected the `` trust us '' approach to legislation . The animal cruelty video ban at issue in Stevens was `` a criminal prohibition of alarming breadth , '' Roberts observed , and the government should not be trusted with it . The Court `` would not uphold an unconstitutional statute merely because the Government promised to use it responsibly . '' The First Amendment `` protects against the Government ; it does not leave us at the mercy of noblesse oblige . ''
`` They closed the Faculty of Law for teaching the 'man-made law ' , which is , in their view , explicitly anti-Islamic , '' writes this Derna-based researcher , who writes under a pseudonym for security reasons .
The Islamic State in Libya ( ISIL ) is in control of the occupied city of Derna . They are deciding and implementing what comes to their mind without considering the desire of the people here . On October 31th 2014 , the Islamist militants pledged allegiance to “ caliph ” Al-Baghdadi with the sounds of chanting and applause among a large crowd of supporters in Derna . While events have escalated within the corridors of the city , the Libyan government and parliament avert their communiqués and give secretive statements to the residents of Derna .
The Shura Council of Islamic Youth SCIY , a group of radical Islamists , took advantage of the security vacuum and has started to enforce new customs . On October 4th , an armed motorcade belonging to the SCIY drove across the city with convoys of black-clad fighters brandishing the banner of the Islamic State . A few days later , they established their headquarters in Derna , including an Islamic Grievance Court , Islamic Police and Diwan Al-Hesba ( Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice ) . They have formed offices for education , health sectors and Awqaf ( Mofti Office ) , which have already begun to work to scrutinize the governmental sectors in Derna .
ON OCTOBER 22ND , the Principle of the Education Office in ISIL visited the head of the education sector in Derna , Mr. Attia Ben–Nasser and asked them to start separating between the pupils inside the educational institutions , as well as to stop teaching blasphemous courses like physics , chemistry , biology , geography and languages . Furthermore , ISIL asked ( demanded ) to teach Islamic Sharia instead of the existing religion curriculum . Yet , ISIL was not satisfied with its achievements , therefore , on October 26th they closed the Faculty of Law for teaching the “ man-made law ” , which is , in their view , explicitly anti-Islamic . The group then ordered all those who were associated with this faculty to come and declare their repentances in front of the Islamic judiciary .
“ They have formed offices for education , health sectors and Awqaf “
The atrocious attitude of ISIL is also manifested in the organized assassinations of activists and governmental figures . On November 6th , three young activists were found beheaded in Al-Hiesha in eastern Derna : Sirag Katish , Mohamed Battau and Mohamed Almesmary . They had launched a video asking Derna residents to fight the radical militias and support General Hifter 's warfare against terrorism . Osama Al-Mansouri , a lecturer in engineering , was shot dead after asking a simple question to the leaders of the ISIL on the day they declared the Emirate of Barqa ( Cyrenaica ) : “ What is next ? ”
The announcement of the group 's allegiance to ISIS has angered the international community and raised concerns about the ISIL presence in North Africa , close to the Mediterranean countries . The Italian newspaper Republic stated that Bernardino Leon , the head of the United Nations Support Mission in Libya , has informed that ISIS jihadists are already present in the country and are awaiting their opportunity . They are quoted as saying : “ If a real political dialogue does not start in Libya soon , there is only one thing that will be certain : the country will be an open field for Isis ” .
Mohamed Eljarh , a Libyan scholar and fellow at the Atlantic Council 's Middle East center , explained in Financial Times that Derna is run by “ a collection of Jihadi militias ” . It includes Ansar al-Sharia , the Abu Salim Martyrs Brigade , the Sahara Brigade , which counts jihadists who battled in Syria among its members , and the Islamic Army . Some of them pledge allegiance to ISIS .
Libyan Prime Minister Abdullah Al-Thani did not condemn in their statements what is now happening inside the commandeered city of Derna by these extremist gangs , nor did the Libyan Parliament , which instead conveyed a sense of hopelessness and frustration to the city 's residents .
HOWEVER , the retired General Khalifa Hifter managed to , through their Dignity Camp in Benghazi and Derna , reduce the growing concerns after launching initial attacks targeting the headquarters of the Islamist groups . “ The echo of air strikes rang like a symphony , tickling the hearts of Derna 's people with gaiety for having a Libyan leader who still remembers the blocked city , ” said Ali Jomah , a retired teacher . The continuation of air strikes on Derna and specifically ISIL sites and their allies made Operation Dignity gain a lot of supporters who finally came over their fear .
In the western part of Libya , an armed group started what is called Operation Dawn , seizing the Libyan capital of Tripoli and declaring the formation of a shadow government there in August . Omar Al-Hassi , declared as its Prime Minister , addressed the international community and the Libyan people by emphasizing the illegality of the previous parliament , which had gained international recognition under Prime Minister Al-Thani . The succession of assaults and proxy battles in Tripoli are a clear retort to general Hifter 's self-promoted Operation Dignity , which begun in Benghazi two months earlier . Some Islamists who are in Benghazi , even somewhat moderate ones , describe the moves of Hifter as a repeat of Qaddafi 's attack on the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group in 1990-1996 .
“ The echo of air strikes rang like a symphony ”
As the House of Representatives ( HOR ) and the Al-Thani government , based in the eastern city of Tobruk for security reasons since August , gave Hifter legitimacy to fight terrorist groups in the country , Operation Dawn became classified as an official target as well , forcing the Muslim Brotherhood who centered in Misrata to recalculate their situation and seeking to reclaim their political presence by force . They occupied ministries , took over official governmental websites , and attacked the brigades of Alsawaqa and Alqaqaa , who work under the command of the new chief-of-staff in Tripoli , Colonel Abdul Razzaq Al-Naduri .
The Generals in the western part rejected the appointment of Al-Naduri by the parliament as the chief-of-staff and explained that they will not work under an officer who supports Dignity operations and the military zone of Tobruk , claiming that the surrounding areas are outside the chief-of-staff 's authority .
THE LEADERS of Operation Dawn are working to establish a firm base in the east of Libya to fight the pro-Dignity operation in Benghazi – and Derna is their last chance . They are trying to engage in dialogues with the Islamist groups and support them in the coming war . As a prelude , Omar Al-Hassi described Ansar Al-Sharia as an advocacy and reform group . Their support for Wessam Ben Ahmaid and Al-Zahawi , who are famous Islamist leaders in Benghazi , will create a huge opportunity to cooperate with the radical Jihadists in Derna . ISIL will take advantage of this opportunity to increase its power .
The scenario now is really complicated . The shadow government in the western part of Libya will use all tactics available to win the war against Hifter – even if that means cooperation with ISIL .
The Hypatia Board of Directors issued the following statement :
It is with disappointment and regret that the Board of Directors of Hypatia has received the news that Sally Scholz and Shelley Wilcox [ the on-line reviews editor ] are resigning from their roles as editors of Hypatia . Throughout their tenure with the journal , they have stood by fundamental principles of publication ethics , which call upon all who are involved in the governance of a journal to respect the integrity of the peer-review process and to support authors published by the journal ( with rare exceptions such as plagiarism and fraud ) . The Board is also committed to these principles and fully supports Scholz and Wilcox in their commitment to and execution of them .
Unfortunately , the Associate Editors ' public apology for the publication of an article failed to respect these principles . Their action , appearing to speak for the journal rather than as individuals , invited confusion over who speaks for Hypatia . It also damaged the reputations of both the journal and its Editors , Scholz and Wilcox , and has made it impossible for the Editors to maintain the public credibility and trust that peer reviewed academic journal editorship requires .
We wish to reiterate that neither Hypatia , nor the journal 's Editors , have apologized for or retracted the article in question . We also wish to reaffirm that the Associate Editors did not in any way speak for the journal , nor do they have authority to do so .
As the board ultimately responsible for the well-being of the journal , we find it necessary at this time to take emergency measures to restore the academic integrity of the journal and shepherd it through a transition period to a new editorial team . Thus , we have temporarily suspended the authority of the Associate Editorial Board . As detailed in the Editors ' statement , Sally Scholz has generously offered to continue to take Hypatia issues already in the works through production . Hypatia Reviews Online will be managed through January 1 , 2018 by Joan Woolfrey and Simon Ruchti of West Chester University . We hope to announce an Interim Editor shortly . Villanova University is continuing its support of the journal office and Managing Editor until January 1 , 2018 . We do not forsee any interruption in the operation and publication of Hypatia .
Simultaneously , we are assembling a task force devoted to restructure Hypatia 's governance in order to create a structure that is conducive to continued academic integrity and appropriate editorial autonomy , while maintaining resources for useful and diverse editorial advice . From this point forward , everyone involved in the governance of Hypatia will be required to commit to COPE ( Committee on Publication Ethics ) principles ( https : //publicationethics.org/ ) , which include respect for the autonomy of the Editors and the integrity of the peer review process . We are focused on the future of Hypatia , and we hope to work with many in the Hypatia community and the broader communities of feminist philosophy in making the changes necessary to ensure that this future is a bright and inclusive one .
We are very sorry to see Sally Scholz and Shelley Wilcox depart Hypatia , especially under these circumstances . In their four years as an Editorial team , they have produced journal issues of the highest quality and they have undertaken many creative initiatives to further the cause of feminist philosophy . These include the expansion of Hypatia Reviews Online ( tripling the number of book reviews ) , a major conference on diversity in philosophy , the creation of podcasts and videos to make the work of authors more accessible , and social media initiatives on Facebook and Twitter . They substantially increased the number and diversity of peer-reviewers , the readership of Hypatia , and Hypatia 's citation record . We are proud of what they have accomplished and thank them wholeheartedly for their service . We wish them well in their future endeavors .
James Martin/CNET
iOS 8 has finally arrived .
Apple on Wednesday released the latest version of its mobile operating system for iPhone and iPad users . Some new features include support for third-party keyboards ( such as Swype ) , Touch ID for third-party apps , and new widgets for quick app alerts in the notification center .
iOS 8 is compatible with any iPhone that 's 4S or later , the fifth-generation iPod Touch , or any iPad released from the second generation on . Some features are specific to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus , including Apple Pay . The mobile payments service , which works with the NFC chip in the new iPhones , will launch through an iOS 8 update for the 6 and 6 Plus in October .
You can download the software by going to the settings app ( Settings > General > Software Update ) or by plugging your device into iTunes . Apple on Friday also will be shipping iOS 8 on its new iPhones , the 6 and 6 Plus .
Read it now : CNET 's review of Apple 's iOS 8
iOS 8 marks the second major release of Apple 's mobile operating system under the guidance of head designer Jony Ive and new software head Craig Federighi . Apple CEO Tim Cook fired the prior iOS chief , Scott Forstall , in October 2012 in part for refusing to take responsibility for Apple 's Maps fiasco . Ive spearheaded a complete redesign of iOS 7 , the first major overhaul since Apple introduced the software with the first iPhone in 2007 .
iOS 7 , announced at last year 's WWDC , featured different typography and color schemes from previous versions of the operating system , as well as a flatter design concept . iOS 7 also added useful features such as automatic updates to make everyday use easier , AirDrop , and iTunes Radio , and a new control center that gives quick access to most-used features . The iOS 7.1 update in March incorporated CarPlay -- a way for the iPhone ( 5 and newer ) to power a touchscreen on a compatible car 's dashboard -- among other bug fixes and tweaks .
iOS 8 takes Ive 's design efforts a step further , but it focuses more on functionality than visuals . With iOS 8 , Apple is bringing a laundry list of features that many fans have desired for years . Most importantly , the new software tackles long-standing issues with iOS ' notification system , its tie-ins with Apple 's desktop OS X software , and device- and file-management software iCloud , and its native SMS client Messages . It extends Apple 's reach into the health and home automation space , too , with a suite of new `` Kit '' apps and developer tools .
A new addition to iOS 8 includes Handoff , which allows you to start a program -- such as writing an email or composing a text -- on an iPhone and then finish it on an iPad or Mac . iCloud Drive creates a device-agnostic way for you to store files similar to Google 's Drive offering and software maker Dropbox . And a new feature of Apple 's Messages app , called QuickType , features a predictive keyboard software enhancement that will learn how you talk to different people to allow for quicker auto-correct and fill-out suggestions .
Apple also is purposefully cracking the veneer of its closed-garden philosophy . You can now install third-party keyboards , and TouchID fingerprint scanning -- which accounts for 83 percent of purchases in Apple 's App Store -- will now work with third-party apps . Additionally , widgets from independent developers will be available for download from the App Store and will function within the Notification Center .
Now playing : Watch this : What to expect when upgrading to iOS 8
Along with the iOS features , Apple also launched two new initiatives , called HealthKit and HomeKit . HealthKit serves as a data repository for health-related information , such as how many steps you take and how much you eat . Other apps can draw from that information and send data collected on their apps back to HealthKit .
HomeKit provides a similar service for the smart home . It will allow developers to integrate controls for door locking , light dimming , and other home automation gadgets and features in iOS apps for the iPhone and iPad . That means you can control various connected devices from one spot -- even using Apple 's digital voice assistant , Siri -- rather than switching back and forth between different apps . Initial partners include thermostat-maker Honeywell and smart lock-maker August .
Many of the tech giant 's recent mobile products will be able to receive the update . According to Apple , the full list of compatible iOS 8 devices include :
Devices that will miss out on the iOS 8 update will be :
Two young entrepreneurs in Pakistan have teamed up to create an app that lets you control your car from your smartphone .
Aptly named Car Chabi , the app lets you do away with your car keys . You can lock , unlock , start , and stop your car from your phone . It also lets you secure the car and turn the AC and heater on/off from a distance of about 50 – 80 feet .
Hammad Yasir and Muhammad Ali Rashid , both only 23 years of age , are the brains behind the business venture which was initially only intended as a do-it-yourself project . “ The idea originated after we graduated from FAST-NU . We discussed what could be the smallest thing that could be installed in a car which could help people in their everyday lives . The answer was Car Chabi , ” Yasir said .
Soon after graduation , the two electrical engineers took up regular nine-to-five jobs , but encouragement from friends and family drove them to take their idea to the next level .
“ For us , a 9-5 job was a drag ; it was like repeating the same thing over and over again . I felt that both of us were wasting ourselves and we could do better than what we were doing . Somehow , we were like the two pieces of a puzzle , ” Yasir , who worked as a maintenance engineer for the Metro Bus project in Lahore , said .
“ We had our doubts with this , but we had no clue that this would spread as much as it has now , ” they added .
Self-funding their way , Yasir says they saved up a huge chunk of their pay to invest in their business venture . “ When we started working on Car Chabi we had to use most of our pay for the app because making a product and then making it flawless takes a lot of time and money . And we have come this far by boot strapping . ”
As far as security issues are concerned , the duo say the device is quite secure as Bluetooth has a two layer protection , MiTM protection and an Alphanumeric pin .
The two , who began selling the device in November last year , have big plans for the venture . Yasir explains that they are working on increasing the number of items that could be controlled by phone . “ We intend to replace the redundant security system and remote starting systems . The world is advancing at a very rapid pace and Internet of Things ( IoT ) is the next big thing and Car Chabi is just the first drop of rain . We aim to revolutionise Pakistani market and give exposure to the people of Pakistan with IoT . ”
“ Car Chabi is going to be the pioneer , by revolutionizing the auto mobile industry and giving people complete control of the car via smartphone , because people deserve more , ” they added .
The 23-year-old insists Pakistan is the best place for start-ups . “ This country is the best place to start something of your own because there are lots of things which need improvement . Therefore , people need to look for shortcomings around them and try to improve them by using their talent . ”
They encourage the youth to think out of the box . “ You just do n't become an engineer to be part of some firm and copy/paste the codes and circuits from the internet . You need to stop complaining about the problems people are facing and start working to solve them . ”
The Car Chabi kit costs Rs6000 and the installation charges are Rs1500 . It offers free delivery all over Pakistan , with the company even having sent kits to Dubai and Abu Dhabi as well .
Here 's a demo of how Car Chabi actually works :
The Buffalo Pipeline , owned by Houston-based Plains All American Pipeline , L.P. , leaked approximately 450 barrels , or roughly 18,900 gallons , of crude oil onto farmland in Kingfisher County , Oklahoma last week .
Wheat farmer and cattle rancher Steve Pope told local TV station KFOR that they have lost an estimated 120 acres of pasture and wheat crop from the spill .
The National Response Center on Sunday listed `` internal corrosion '' of the pipeline as the likely cause of the discharge .
Plains All American Pipeline released a statement about the spill :
`` On Friday , April 21 , 2017 , Plains All American Pipeline , L.P. experienced a crude oil release on our Buffalo Pipeline , near Loyal , Okla. We are following our emergency response plan , and our staff is working with regulators and affected landowners . Our current priorities are to ensure the safety of all involved and limit the environmental impact of the release .
The oil spill happened less than 1,000 feet from the nearby Cooper Creek , which feeds into the Cimarron River , but the spill was contained on Pope 's fields . Cleanup is underway at the site of the leak .
Pope expressed concerns about the damage from the spill as well as President Trump 's proposed budget cuts to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , now led by former Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt .
`` What bothers me is we keep seeing the EPA being cut so much , '' Pope told KFOR .
`` A lot of the regulations that have been put on the oil companies are there for a reason . Sure , there are probably some that are over-regulated but , without those regulations , I wonder if I would have had as quick of a response for guys to come out here and start cleaning this up . ''
Plains All American Pipeline is one of the largest energy companies in the country with an extensive energy infrastructure in the United States and Canada . The company says it handles an average of 4.6 million barrels per day of crude oil and natural gas liquids in its transportation segment .
But the company has had a long history of pipeline issues , KFOR pointed out . Citing data from the U.S. Department of Transportation 's Pipeline & Hazardous Materials Safety Administration , the oil company was behind more than 25 pipeline incidents in the state of Oklahoma since 2006 , with 14 incidents listing corrosion as a cause and six due to material , welding or equipment failures .
Al Jazeera detailed the company 's extensive history safety and environmental violations in other states , including its citation for 10 oil spills that violated the Clean Water Act in Texas , Louisiana , Oklahoma and Kansas .
Last year , Plains was also indicted for a major May 2015 spill that spewed 140,000 gallons of crude oil near Santa Barbara , California that fouled miles of shoreline and killed hundreds of seabirds and marine animals .
Belgium has called for vast refugee camps holding up to 300,000 refugees to be built in Greece in a desperate attempt to stem the flow of migrants from Syria and other nations outside Europe .
At an emergency summit of European leaders yesterday , Belgian migration minister Theo Francken raised the spectre of setting up 'closed facilities ' in Greece to be operated by the EU .
They said that the Greeks 'now need to bear the consequences ' of being too weak to guard their own borders and called for Athens to face an EU 'sanction mechanism ' under which the rising number of refugees entering the country would be forced to stay there .
EU ministers met Amsterdam to try to tackle the crisis . Teams of border guards are now set to be deployed at the Greek border . Pictured : A group of migrants walks in sub zero temperatures near the Serbian-Croatian border
Belgium has called for holding camps holding up to 300,000 refugees to be built in Greece
Belgian migration minister Theo Francken raised the spectre of setting up 'closed facilities ' in Greece to be operated by the EU
It comes as Theresa May tore into Brussels for being ‘ more talk than action ' as plans were belatedly unveiled to try to solve the migration crisis .
At the summit , EU leaders announced teams of border guards will be deployed to stop migrants leaving Greece for the rest of the EU , cutting the country off from the rest of the continent .
The scheme – which effectively suspends Greece 's membership of the Schengen zone – is designed to finally halt the free flow of migrants arriving by boat into mainland Europe .
The move came amid a blistering broadside against the rest of the EU by Home Secretary Mrs May – which is likely to attract the attention of Tory Eurosceptics , who are keen for them to lead the campaign for Britain to leave the EU .
They said last night : ‘ Europe is facing an unprecedented migration crisis and today was a crucial meeting of the Justice and Home Affairs Council .
‘ Together with my counterparts from France and Germany , I made the case for urgent action , not just to deal with the immediate crisis but also to resolve the situation in the longer term .
‘ Unfortunately what we 've had is more talk than action .
'And we need urgently to work together to ensure that we can have proper processing at Europe 's external borders , that we 're returning illegal migrants .
'Europe is struggling to cope , and every country needs to act now . '
Migrants have been braving sub zero temperatures as they cross the border from Macedonia into Serbia
During the EU leaders ' meeting , Theresa May tore into Brussels for being ‘ more talk than action ' as plans were belatedly unveiled to try to solve the migration crisis
At the summit , EU leaders announced teams of border guards will be deployed to stop migrants leaving Greece for the rest of the EU
The scheme effectively suspends Greece 's membership of the Schengen zone
European Commission President Jean Claude Juncker has backed a proposal for EU border guards . Theresa May was expected to resist a call for British troops to be used
After months of inaction , European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker backed a proposal to strengthen security on the Greek/Macedonian border to create a ‘ second line of defence ' against migration .
More than 50 guards from other European countries have already been sent to Macedonia , which is not a member of the EU , to strengthen its border with Greece .
The controversial move will heap pressure on Greece to finally control the number of people landing on its shores as it will no longer be able to simply wave them onwards .
Greece has long been criticised for doing too little to control the flow of people into Europe . Despite promises to help control the influx it has been registering less than a quarter of the up to 4,000 people a day landing on its shores .
Leaders will threaten Greece with the loss of its passport-free travel if it fails to secure its borders
Mr Juncker yesterday endorsed the plan , which was greeted with howls of protest from Athens , where officials warned it would turn the country into a ‘ cemetery of souls ' .
But German interior minister Thomas de Maiziere insisted Greece would have to ‘ do its duty ' , and Austria 's interior minister , Johanna Mikl-Leitner , said : ‘ It 's a myth that Greece ca n't secure its borders .
‘ It has one of Europe 's largest navies . '
Meanwhile the likelihood of David Cameron being able to hold a referendum as early as June appeared to grow , as Irish prime minister Enda Kenny revealed that the European Council is finally moving ahead and considering the UK 's ‘ solvable ' concerns .
Mr Kenny said European Council president Donald Tusk would publish a paper next week on the UK 's four key areas of negotiation . They added : ‘ I actually believe all these are solvable . '
An asylum seeker was arrested for murder last night after allegedly stabbing a woman at a Swedish refugee centre .
Alexandra Mezher , 22 , who was originally from Lebanon , worked at the centre for youngsters near Gothenburg . Police gave no details about the suspect 's age or nationality .
But a police spokesperson said : ‘ We 're dealing with more incidents like this since the arrival of so many refugees from abroad . '
I am not watching the Republican National Convention . Not because I do not agree with the Republicans , but , because if I do I will end up throwing heavy objects at my TV . That being said I am angry . I am angry because of the stupidity of the average Republican voter . I am tired of the rich buying our political system for personal gain . I am sick of the veiled racism and dog whistles coming from the right
I am a single father and I am busting my ass trying to provide for my son . If them playing football or taking guitar lessons means I have to go without , then so be it . I will eat beans and rice to make sure they can do those things . I do n't have any stock to fall back on and after I pay the bills there is n't a hell of a lot left over—my son 's needs come first , my needs are secondary to his .
In 1994 , when Mitt Romney ran for governor , Ann Romney had this to say about the early years of their marriage :
`` Another son came along 18 months later , although we waited four years to have the third , because Mitt was still in school and we had no income except the stock we were chipping away at . We were living on the edge , not entertaining . No , I did not work . Mitt thought it was important for me to stay home with the children , and I was delighted . ''
Chipping away at stock , no entertaining and a stay at home mom ? That is not living on the edge . Living on the edge is wondering if you have enough money to buy groceries this week . Living on the edge is having to decide between a full tank of gas or school supplies for your children . Living on the edge is eating only two meals a day so that your child can eat three .
In Ann Romney 's RNC speech the other night they stated :
I read somewhere that Mitt and I have a `` storybook marriage . '' Well , in the storybooks I read , there were never long , long , rainy winter afternoons in a house with five boys screaming at once . And those storybooks never seemed to have chapters called MS or Breast Cancer .
Want a story Ann ? How about a child who wo n't bring their friends home because one of their parents is an alcoholic ? How about being a woman who finds a lump in their breast—and they do n't have health insurance ? What about being diagnosed with MS and having your insurance policy cancelled because as a teenager you had acne ?
Compared to my life and a lot of people I grew up with Ann Romney not only had a storybook marriage , they have lived a life of privilege that most of us could never imagine .
Then we have Paul Ryan . I am ashamed to admit they are a product of my beloved home state of Wisconsin . Paul Ryan touts their private sector experience as one of their selling points . Problem is , other than a few part-time jobs in high school and college , they have worked for the government all of their life . My government experience ? I was in the U.S. Army from 1985 to 1989 . I joined right out of high school . Not because I wanted to but because there were really no other options for me at the time . Ryan was elected to congress at the age of 28 . When I was 28 I was working in a crappy job in a lumberyard . I do n't know when Paul Ryan read Atlas Shrugged . I do know that they took the philosophy from that book and has lived by it . Me , I read Atlas Shrugged and was sickened by it .
Paul Ryan , Mitt and Ann Romney claim to have lived hard lives . They claim to understand the plight of the middle class . They claim to have struggled in their lives . I have a challenge for them . Live on what I make and pay the same bills I pay . See how long you last . I can stretch my funds out to get me from paycheck to paycheck . I am willing to bet that the Romney 's and Ryan 's spend more in an hour than I have left over after paying all my bills .
BAGHDAD — The secretary-general of the Assyrian Democratic Movement and member of the Iraqi parliament , Yonadam Kanna , spoke to Al-Monitor about the unwillingness of Iraqi Christians to establish an autonomous region of their own or call for an administrative or geographic split from Iraq .
Kanna said that the Council of Minister 's decision to make the Ninevah Plains a governorate on demographic grounds did not equate with the establishment of an autonomous region , describing any step toward that end — which is based on religious or sectarian motivations — to be “ racist ” and incompatible with the values of Iraqi Christians .
In an interview with Al-Monitor , Kanna called for the need to “ protect the Christian constituency of Iraq . ”
The text of the interview follows :
Al-Monitor : There are those who call for a Christian autonomous region in Iraq . But in your capacity as the representative of Christians in Iraq 's parliament , you have failed to submit any official request to that effect . Have you taken any steps toward that end ?
Kanna : As Christians and representatives of the Christian constituency in Iraq 's parliament , we have neither called for the establishment of an autonomous region nor demanded secession from Iraq , or even the isolation of certain areas from the rest of the country . What happened was that some European and American parties — as part of their strategies to defend Iraqi Christians — demanded , through statements or press releases , that Iraqi Christians be given an autonomous region . In other words , those who made such demands are people outside of Iraq , while we — who work hard in parliament — espouse the principles prescribed in Iraq 's constitution and proclaim the importance of living as part of a single homeland that unites Iraqis of all ilk . We further think that calls for the establishment of an autonomous region are racist in nature and serve to isolate us from one another .
Al-Monitor : What delayed transforming the Ninevah Plains from a province to a governorate ? What was the reasoning behind your call to institute such a transformation ? Was it based on religious , demographic or political grounds or motivated by a fear that Christians would be deprived of a place of their own in Iraq ?
Kanna : Iraq 's Council of Ministers decided on Jan. 21 , 2014 , to change the status of the Ninevah Plains — which is situated in the northern Iraqi governorate of Ninevah — from a province to a governorate . But the security situation that has gripped Iraq since June 10 , 2014 , and the Islamic State [ IS ] overrunning the province , delayed the implementation of procedures to transform it from a province to a governorate . Said Cabinet decision was based on demographic and not religious or sectarian grounds ; whereby , prior to IS ' control of the province , its inhabitants were estimated to total half a million people . In addition , the Ninevah Plains hold special symbolism for Christians in its capacity as a remnant of ancient Ninevah .
Al-Monitor : Do you envision the institution of local or international protection for Christians in Iraq ? Do you have aspirations that go beyond the Ninevah Plains , with other regions being declared exclusively Christian ?
Kanna : We never stopped calling for Christians to be protected here and abroad . That is part of our right to live in our homeland — with such calls for protection including the governorates of Ninevah and Salahuddin . But grievances concerning the so-called disputed territories between the central government in Baghdad and the one in Erbil hindered moving forward with those plans . We have inherited an old problem that delayed embarking on many a step , due to Saddam Hussein 's regime Arabizing areas inhabited by Kurds and Turkmens . In truth , all these disputes must be resolved pursuant to Article 140 [ of the constitution ] — for , if the parties failed to resolve them , they shall be referred to international arbitration , or to the United Nations if arbitration also failed . We think that this problem must be resolved as quickly as possible , otherwise Iraq 's problems will only be exacerbated and greater conflicts will ensue — which will affect all Iraqis . Minorities will be the most affected , as well as Arabs living in Kurdish areas , because there are some over there who view them as minions of Saddam .
Al-Monitor : Is there backing from specific countries or the Vatican for the anticipated Ninevah Plains governorate or to a broader Christian plan in Iraq ?
Kanna : Not at all . There is no backing for the Ninevah Plains governorate from any European , non-European country or the Vatican even . The establishment of the governorate is purely administrative in nature and was brought about for demographic and not sectarian reasons . We would like to affirm here that we do not draft racist discriminatory proposals founded on religious , sectarian or factional bases . Whomever outside Iraq works on adopting such measures is ignorant of our country 's geography and demographic makeup .
Al-Monitor : How many Christians remain in Iraq today ? Do you expect higher rates of emigration by Iraqi Christians during the coming years ?
Kanna : There are those who endeavor and plan to empty Iraq of its Christian constituency . But we assert our attachment to our land and identity and we shall never give anyone the chance to remove us from our motherland . When Saddam 's regime fell in 2003 , Christians numbered approximately 1 million people , down from the 1.4 million figure recorded in the last census of 1987 . But following the waves of killing , forced displacement and threats throughout the past 12 years — particularly subsequent to the incident at Our Lady of Deliverance Church — emigration from Iraq increased and the number of Christians dwindled to half a million . This number may be further reduced in the coming years because the successive Iraqi governments that ran the country after 2003 monopolized power and adopted discriminatory , religious and sectarian-based agendas , prompting Christians who lacked any form of protection to leave the country for fear of being persecuted .
Al-Monitor : What is the number of Christian homes seized in Baghdad ? Did you try to recover them ? And who stands behind those appropriations ?
Kanna : The factions that espouse chauvinist extremist ideologies — which tried in past years to empty Iraq of its Christians — are the same ones that today through new figureheads and symbols are trying to seize the homes of Christians in Baghdad . They are gangs and militias that exploit the backing of certain political parties to break into the homes of absent Christians , and if the home is occupied , paperwork is forged in land registries through people of influence there . During the past two years , my own tedious personal research has revealed that 50 Christian homes were seized in Baghdad . There may also be other homes that I am unaware of . Unfortunately , such is the case : People from outside of Baghdad are evicting the city 's original inhabitants , forcing them to emigrate and manipulating the ownership of their property .
Al-Monitor : Where do you stand vis-a-vis the popular demonstrations held in Baghdad and other governorates ? Did Christians take part in them ?
Kanna : The tragic situation endured by Iraqis for many years , the loss of their assets and the lack of social justice were factors that contributed to the rise of a popular movement whose goal is the restoration of rights abrogated by the political parties that ruled Iraq . I find those demonstrations to be legitimate calls for reform . Yet we warn against some parties riding the coattails of these demonstrations and hope that the latter remain true to their distinctive national character . Without a doubt , Christians took part in said demonstrations — not in their capacity as Christians , but as Iraqis seeking to bring about change and establish a civic state that respects the rights of all , away from the logic of a state governed by radical Islamic parties .
Al-Monitor : Do you still claim to be “ marginalized ” ? Or does the situation in Iraq today compel you to postpone demanding your rights ?
Kanna : Christians are marginalized in the current and two previous governments . There are no Christian ministers in the current Cabinet , and we were also excluded from certain important posts that should have been ours commensurate with us being an important and essential component of the country . But , unfortunately , the major parties always endeavored to marginalize us and treated us as if we were not the children of this land . Even in defending Iraq and the Iraqis , we were excluded and deprived from the opportunity to partake in the war against IS .
Al-Monitor : But the Popular Mobilization Units include a faction called the Babylon Brigade , led by Rayan al-Kaldani . How then do you say that you are excluded ?
Kanna : The head of that armed faction does not represent Christians , and their participation as part of the Popular Mobilization Units in the fight against IS is in their own personal capacity . We believe in the importance of us participating in the war against terrorism , but this person is not affiliated with us and commands between 20 and 30 fighters . For whatever reason , the media has exaggerated their role ; particularly in light of the church objecting to them being addressed as “ sheikh , ” since there are no sheikhs in the Christian faith . In addition , the church to which their father belongs sent two communiques to the government renouncing them and declaring that they did not represent it . Yet the government ignored the issue and some continued to view them as a Christian fighter who represents the rest of the Christians , while the truth of the matter is much different .
Al-Monitor : Do you have a military wing ? Will it be part of the National Guard project ?
Kanna : Yes , we do have the Ninevah Plains Protection Units , the first 600-men regiment that was established eight months ago . But the constant disputes between the Baghdad and Erbil governments have prevented it from taking up positions to protect certain areas . Following the coordinating efforts that we undertook , the regiment now has barracks being readied in the Alqosh region of Ninevah governorate . The regiment needs modern weaponry , as its current armament is composed of light and medium weapons because neither the peshmerga nor the Iraqi Ministry of Defense have supplied us with any weapons . With proper support , the force 's numbers would swell to 5,000 fighters .
Al-Monitor : What is your stance vis-a-vis the dispute between Baghdad and Erbil ? Has it affected you as Christians ?
Kanna : We regret seeing the disputes continuing between Baghdad and Erbil , as well as their inability to reach effective solutions leading to the rebuilding of the country . These disputes have greatly affected the situation in the country and created a void exploited by terrorism and corruption . All Iraqis have been harmed by these disputes , but we are the ones who suffered the greatest harm , particularly in the Ninevah Plains region . We have been under the protection of the peshmerga since the days of the [ US ] civil administrator , Paul Bremer . But , unfortunately , the peshmerga was unable to protect us and IS overran the area . Since then , we have been prevented from forming armed forces to protect our areas , and as such , those problems were the main repercussions arising from disputes between the Baghdad and Erbil governments .
Al-Monitor : Do Iraqi Christians receive financial or advisory support from the Vatican ?
Kanna : The Vatican 's support for Iraqi Christians is intangible because its capabilities are extremely limited . Yet through its affiliated institutions and civil society organizations , it did offer positive support to displaced Christians when they faced the dire consequences of IS ' occupation of their lands . It is well known that the Iraqi government offered refugees 1 million dinars [ $ 891 ] per family , only to later abandon them . In any case , the Vatican 's work is purely humanitarian .
Al-Monitor : What are your expectations concerning the future of Iraq 's Christians ?
Kanna : Our fate is tied to the strategies and agendas of the Iraqi state . It will be a positive future if Iraq heads toward becoming a secular civil state . But if it becomes a radicalized religious state , then we — as all Iraqis — shall face imminent doom , for any religious state must be based on discriminatory racial principles . We hope that the international community would exercise pressure on neighboring countries to unite their efforts against terrorism , instead of causing added discord among Iraqis leading to increased religious extremism that would greatly obscure the future prospects of Iraq as a nation .
Event Summary
Friday , June 9 , 2017
7:00 PM
ADA Accessibility Information
See Event Description on the left
Face Value Ticket Prices
GENERAL ADMISSION Seating within area allotted to each GA section
$ 250 VIP GA Orchestra *
$ 75 GA Orchestra
$ 45 GA Terrace
$ 35 GA Balcony
* VIP Squirrelfriends Package includes :
– Premium Orchestra Level Seating
– Exclusive view of red carpet arrivals of Season 9 Queens , Drag Race Royalty and other VIPs .
– Admission to Pre-Show Happy Hour – Includes 2 Complimentary Drinks ( beer and wine only )
* * * Must be 18 yrs . or older . Must be 21 yrs . or older for alcoholic beverages
[ See below for additional Per Ticket Fees ]
TO PURCHASE TICKETS
Click BUY TICKETS below and again on the next screen . Once in the sales portal :
To purchase GENERAL ADMISSION [ Non-ADA Accessible ] seats Online :
Click the BEST AVAILABLE button and select the desired price option . [ Do not click the CHOOSE SEATS button ; you can not purchase General Admission seating from the seat map ! ]
To purchase ADA ACCESSIBLE seats Online :
Click the CHOOSE SEATS button , select your seats from the ADA Accessible section and select the desired price option . [ Do not click the BEST AVAILABLE button ; you can not purchase ADA Accessible seats via Best Available ! ]
Add to Calendar : Google Calendar iCal
Share Event :
The odds on Theo Walcott making a move to Southampton have been slashed this evening with Sky Bet making the Saints 11/10 favourites to sign the 28-year-old when the transfer window opens in January .
The speculation is being driven by the fact the Saints are about to find themselves £75 million richer thanks to the sale of Virgil van Dyck to Liverpool . It was confirmed this evening that the Dutch defender will move to Anfield next week in a record-breaking deal for a defender .
Walcott has been linked with West Ham United and Watford in recent weeks but it 's the intriguing possibility of a return to Saint Mary 's that has most excited the bookmakers .
The England international swapped Southampton for Arsenal as a 16-year-old in 2006 and has since scored over 100 goals in just short of 400 appearances . Their first team opportunities have been limited this term with Arsene Wenger preferring to use the attacker in the Carabao Cup and Europa League .
Walcott , who is under contract until 2019 , has remained silent on the subject of their future even though he 's also fallen out of favour at international level in recent years . For their part , Arsene Wenger insists their protégé does have a future at the Emirates .
A return to Southampton is certainly one for the romantics and , on many levels , it makes sense . Mauricio Pellegrino 's are in desperate need of some pace , they 've got the money to cope with signing Walcott and to pay their big wages . Moreover , they can probably offer them far more minutes than Arsenal where their career has stagnated recently .
It does feel like Theo 's time as a Gunner will be up soon . We 'll keep an eye on this one…
June 3 , 2014 3 min read
You can have all the capital and business savvy in the world , but there 's one habit that can signal your success or failure : Punctuality .
Seriously . No excuses .
Keep your promises and show up when you say you will . It goes a long way toward building trust , respect and credibility , and you ca n't build a business without them .
Related : Want to Be Successful ? Stick to a Schedule .
Your time is valuable , and so is everyone else 's . People will judge you on whether you keep your commitments .
So get a watch , set an alarm on your phone , do whatever you have to do . Just be on time .
For more on why punctuality is so important , watch the video above .
Related : What to Do When You Have Too Many Ideas and Not Enough Time
A Perfunctory Guide to Writers Looking for Publishers
I 'm asked at least once a week how to get published . Once upon a time , this was a very straightforward answer :
1 . Write a novel . 2 . Write a query letter . 3 . Send the query letter to agents or to editors . 4 . Rinse and repeat until said agents and editors ask to see the rest . 5 . Rinse and repeat until they see the rest and ask to buy it . 5 . In the case of multiple offers , speak to all parties on the phone and see which one makes you feel like the prettiest pony .
Here were things you did not do :
1 . Pay to be published . 2 . Pay your agent anything besides 15 % of the sale price of your book and your royalties . 3 . Pay for any of the costs associated with being published such as cover design , editing , printing , hiring of performing bears , etc . 4 . Do anything other than write and be paid for writing .
But now there are many ways to be published . Self-publishing and small publishers no longer have the same stigma attached to them . It is no longer the most obvious thing to say : to get published , write a query letter and submit it to an agency or a publishing house , DONE .
Instead , you must ask yourself : what is my goal in publishing ?
If your goal is to write a book that you hope will appear on the shelves of Barnes & Noble , CostCo , and supermarkets everywhere , you still need to follow the first set of steps . A traditional publisher is still your only way to get into all of those places . And if you really do have your eye on stands in supermarkets and Sam 's Club and airports , you not only need a traditional publisher , but you need a large traditional publisher of the sort that generally exists in New York and is called something like Little , Brown , or Scholastic , or Random House . You will also need an agent .
You will need , as I said before , to do all of the steps I first listed .
If your goal is to write a book that you 'd like to see on shelves but are fine with those shelves being the ones in specialty stores or libraries or schools , a smaller traditional publisher might be a good option for you . This is especially true if you 've written a less commercial book . ( here is a good way to judge if something is commercial : can you imagine your mother , your hair dresser , your veterinarian , and your brother in law all reading it ? if so , it is super commercial . Commercial =/= good . It merely means many people will pick it up ) .
These smaller houses will carry the burden of editing and printing and marketing for you , but they wo n't always have the clout to get your book into major stores . They are , however , often less competitive than the larger New York houses , and they will often give you more personal attention and promote your book for longer . You do n't always need an agent to submit to them either , though I recommend an agent if you 're pursuing a full-time career in writing .
But if your goal is only to be read , or to if you have a keen marketing mind and want to represent yourself , self-publishing is an emerging option . You 'll have all of the control , and there will be no rejection letters in your future . But you 'll also carry the entire burden of cover design , editing , printing , formatting for digital distribution and , most importantly , marketing and publicity . I was a self-representing artist , and success is possible , but it will look different than success at a traditional larger house , and it will ask different things from you . You will not , at this point , ever walk into a Sam 's Club and see a self-published title sitting on the table out front . It is very possible to be a writer without Sam 's Club . But it 's important to keep that in mind if a big commercial career is what you long for . That book on that table bears a logo of a large traditional publishing house .
A note : There are several companies that offer to help you with self/ digital-only publishing at the moment , but I 'm not convinced of their usefulness at this point . I think it 's a little too soon to see how they 're anything but a middle man at this stage . My feelings are if you 're going to dive into the digital world , you should be doing it because you want the freedom and control in your own hands .
What it comes down to is that you need to be honest with what you need out of your publishing experience . Unhappiness comes from wrong-headed expectations and targeting the wrong house . If you long to see your book at O'Hare airport , you 're going to have a miserable experience self-publishing . If you want to publish a serial story in ten parts over two years , you 're going to have a hard time pitching it to a traditional house . Do n't expect a small house to suddenly change its stripes and drop a quarter million marketing budgets on your novel .
DO YOUR RESEARCH .
Make a list of books and careers that you admire and would like to model , and then work backward to find out how those authors ended up where they were . And if something sounds too good to be true , it is . Consider suspect any option that seems like it does n't require rejection and work and practice and polish and scrabbling of your hands and teeth . This is the best job in the world , which means there are a lot of people who are fighting for it . If you really want it , you 'll fight alongside with them .
It 's very worth it .
Further reading :
A Rather Longer Post on My Self-Publishing Thoughts
Publishing Does Not Want To Eat Your Heart
A Proper Education : What To Study to Be A Writer
Ten Rules for Query Letters
( all of my writing posts here )
AgentQuery
The xx scores its highest charting album ever on the Billboard 200 chart , as the alternative band 's third studio album , I See You , debuts at No . 2 . The set earned 46,000 equivalent album units in the week ending Jan. 19 , according to Nielsen Music . Of that sum , 36,000 were in traditional album sales .
The Billboard 200 chart ranks the most popular albums of the week in the U.S. based on multi-metric consumption , which includes traditional album sales , track equivalent albums ( TEA ) and streaming equivalent albums ( SEA ) . The new Feb. 4-dated chart ( where I See You starts at No . 2 ) will be posted in full to Billboard 's websites on Tuesday , Jan. 24 .
The xx had previously peaked as high as No . 5 in 2012 with Coexist , the act 's second album . It debuted at its peak , starting with 73,000 sold in its first week . The band has charted one other title , its self-titled debut effort , which reached No . 92 in 2010 .
I See Youare 36,000 in traditional album sales enables the title to bow at No . 1 on the Top Album Sales chart , which ranks the week 's best-selling albums .
I See You is blocked from the No . 1 slot on the Billboard 200 by The Weeknd 's Starboy , which holds for a third straight week at No . 1 , and collects a fourth week atop the list overall . ( It debuted at No . 1 on the chart dated Dec. 17 , then returned to the top on Jan. 21 , where it has been since . ) Starboy earned 61,000 equivalent album units in the latest tracking frame ( down 3 percent ) . The bulk of those units were generated by streams of the songs from the album , as streaming equivalent album units for Starboy totaled 38,000 for the week ( which translates to 57.2 million streams of the album 's tracks ) . The rest of Starboy 's overall units were powered by track equivalent album units ( 10,000 ) and traditional album sales ( 13,000 copies sold ) .
Starboy has now blocked three challengers for No . 1 in the last three weeks : the Moana soundtrack surged 6-2 on the Jan. 21 list ; the La La Land soundtrack vaulted 15-2 a week ago , and this week the xx debuts in the runner-up slot . The last time one album blocked three successive ascending or debuting ( at No . 2 ) titles from hitting No . 1 was Drake 's Views , which thwarted ScHoolboy Q 's Blank Face LP , NEEDTOBREATHE 's HARD LOVE and Gucci Mane 's Everybody Looking between July 30 and Aug. 13 . ( All three of those titles debuted at No . 2 . )
As for the rest of the new top 10 : La La Land dips one rung to No . 3 on the Billboard 200 , with 42,000 units ( up less than 1 percent ) , while Moana falls one slot as well , to No . 4 , with 34,000 units ( down 13 percent ) .
Bruno Mars ' 24K Magic falls one position to No . 5 with 33,000 units ( down 10 percent ) , while the original Broadway cast recording of Hamilton : An American Musical , is steady at No . 6 with 28,000 units ( down 4 percent ) . J. Cole 's 4 Your Eyez Only slips two slots to No . 7 with a little more than 27,000 units ( down 10 percent ) , and Drake 's Views descends a spot to No . 8 with 27,000 units ( down 4 percent ) . Post Malone 's Stoney is a non-mover at No . 9 with 25,000 units ( up 7 percent ) , largely driven by streams ( 18,000 of the album 's units were generated by streams ) .
Rounding out the top 10 is the Trolls soundtrack , climbing four slots to No . 10 with 23,000 units ( up 20 percent ) . The set had a big gain in traditional album sales , as it sold 14,000 for the week ( up 40 percent ) . The album was sale-priced for $ 6.99 in the iTunes Store during the tracking period .
President Rodrigo Duterte said placing the entire Philippines under martial law was uncalled for at the moment .
Duterte 's statement came after they were asked to explain their remarks that should they declare a second martial law , it would be a “ copycat ” of Marcos .
ADVERTISEMENT
The President was referring to former president Ferdinand Marcos who declared martial law in the entire country from Sept. 21 , 1972 to Jan. 17 , 1981 .
“ At this time , it is not called for , ” they told reporters in an ambush interview in Cagayan de Oro on Tuesday night .
They said their declaration of martial law , which suspended the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus , was a “ mechanism ” to “ prevent ” the terrorists to gain foothold in the Visayas .
Duterte , on May 23 , declared martial law in the whole Mindanao after Islamic-inspired Maute terrorists attacked Marawi City in a bid to establish a caliphate in the region .
READ : Duterte asks forgiveness for declaring martial law
“ Ang martial law ngayon nandito na ( Martial law is already here ) . Whether or not I expand it to cover the entire Philippines is something else , ” they said .
The fighting between government troops and Maute terrorists is now in its fifth week , claiming the lives of at least 26 civilians and 65 government troops . On the part of the enemy , 268 terrorists had been killed while 271 firearms had been recovered . JPV
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Image caption What do your Facebook likes say about you ?
Sexuality , political leanings and even intelligence can be gleaned from the things you choose to `` like '' on Facebook , a study suggests .
Researchers at Cambridge University used algorithms to predict religion , politics , race and sexual orientation .
The research , published in the journal PNAS , forms surprisingly accurate personal portraits , researchers said .
The findings should `` ring alarm bells '' for users , privacy campaigners said .
The study used 58,000 volunteers who alongside their Facebook `` likes '' and demographic information also provided psychometric testing results - designed to highlight personality traits .
The Facebook likes were fed into algorithms and matched with the information from the personality tests .
The algorithms proved 88 % accurate for determining male sexuality , 95 % accurate in distinguishing African-American from Caucasian-American and 85 % for differentiating Republican from Democrat .
Christians and Muslims were correctly classified in 82 % of cases and relationship status and substance abuse was predicted with an accuracy between 65 % and 73 % .
The links clicked rarely explicitly revealed these attributes . Fewer than 5 % of gay users clicked obvious likes such as gay marriage , for instance .
Instead , the algorithms aggregated huge amounts of likes such as music and TV shows to create personal profiles .
It also threw up some strange pairings .
`` Curly fries correlated with high intelligence and people who liked the Dark Knight tended to have fewer Facebook friends , '' said research author David Stillwell .
Data rethink
The study will be music to the ears of social media firms keen to make more money from customers via personalised marketing .
But the researchers warned that the digital profiles people are creating also threaten privacy .
`` I appreciate automated book recommendations , or Facebook selecting the most relevant stories for my newsfeed . However , I can imagine situations in which the same data and technology is used to predict political views or sexual orientation , posing threats to freedom or even life , '' said Michael Kosinski , lead researcher on the project .
There are simple things users can do , said Mr Stillwell .
`` Facebook likes are public by default but it is not that Facebook is forcing you to make them public ; you have a choice to change your privacy settings . ''
They stressed that the results had implications beyond social media to all digital records - from browser histories to search queries .
`` This research should ring alarm bells for anyone who thinks that privacy settings are the solution to protecting information online . We need to fundamentally re-think how much data we are voluntarily sharing , '' said Nick Pickles , director of privacy campaign group Big Brother Watch .
`` Sharing individual likes or pages might not seem hugely intrusive , but it allows individuals to be categorised and behaviour predicted in areas that are far more personal and sensitive than people realise .
`` Yet again , it is clear the lack of transparency about how users ' data is being used will lead to entirely justified fears about our data being exploited for commercial gain . ''
The Kalamazoo Gazette 's 2011 Holiday Cookbook 37 Gallery : The Kalamazoo Gazette 's 2011 Holiday Cookbook
The Kalamazoo Gazette 's annual
competition drew nearly 200 entries this year . Dishes from 36 finalists — invited to present their entries in a tasting competition Oct. 15 — were judged on presentation , flavor and ease of preparation .
Kalamazoo Gazette food writer Bill Wood coordinated the judging of the entries with three local food personalities , including Peyton Wood , owner of
in downtown Kalamazoo ; Jason McClellan , executive chef of
in Parkview Hills ; and Noel Corwin , owner of the
food truck .
Carla Noe , of Kalamazoo , was this year 's grand prize winner for their recipe for
. Winners also were named in each of six categories .
to view the winning recipes ,
to view them all or view them by category through the links below .
Appetizers
Breads & Breakfast
Soups , Salads & Sides
Entrees
Desserts
Holiday Gifts
Which recipes are your favorites ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .
Follow Booth Features on Twitter : @ BoothFeatures .
India and Russia sewed up defence deals worth around US $ 4 billion on Monday as Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived in New Delhi for a brief visit .
The first contract signed was for delivery of 71 Mi-17V 5 helicopters , while another dealt with delivery of 42 technological kits for SU-30 MKI aircraft licensed production .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called Russia a key partner in India 's efforts to enhance its defence preparedness . `` A number of joint-design , development and production projects are underway . We expressed satisfaction that these projects are progressing well , '' Singh said .
Calling defence cooperation a major pillar of the India-Russia partnership , the two sides also took note of the progress made in the joint development and production of high-technology military equipment and projects . Both sides also discussed measures to ensure expeditious delivery of aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya to India .
On the Koodankulam project , Singh said : `` Construction of Unit 1 of the project is now complete and power generation will commence shortly . India appreciates deeply the support extended by Russian engineers and scientists . ''
The other pacts signed included an MoU on cooperation in science , technology and innovation and MoU to promote direct investment .
The Russian side raised concerns over Sistema . It has 56.68 per cent stake in Shyam Sistema Teleservices ( SSTL ) , 21 of whose 22 licences were cancelled by the Supreme Court as part of its 2G spectrum order .
ALSO READ Govt must slash spending by Rs 1 trillion to meet fiscal target : Barclays
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Here is a detailed look at key upcoming dates on the NFL calendar and what they mean to the Miami Dolphins :
March 7-9 : Teams can begin negotiating contracts with unrestricted free agents during this three-day window -- Contracts ca n't be signed until 4 p.m . ET on March 9 . Do n't expect the Dolphins to make a big splash . In previous years , they 've signed three players who were arguably in the No . 1 free agent on the market : WR Mike Wallace , LT Branden Albert and DT Ndamukong Suh . Although the Dolphins wo n't likely spend big bucks on a single player in free agency , they 'll likely need plenty of free agent help .
March 8 : Last day of the 2015 NFL year .
March 9 : First day of the 2016 NFL year :
-- Teams can sign free agents at 4 p.m . ET .
-- Teams must be under the 2016 salary cap by 4 p.m . ET . The salaries of the top 51 players on the roster are used . The 2016 salary cap is projected to be around $ 155 million and the Dolphins , right now , are projected to be above that total .
-- Teams must extend contract offers to restricted rights free agents by 4 p.m . ET if they want to acquire right of first refusal or get compensation if the player leaves . This applies to FS Michael Thomas and TE Brandon Williams .
-- Teams must also extend qualifying offers to exclusive rights free agents ( players with fewer than three accrued seasons ) by 4 p.m . ET . This applies to FS Shamiel Gary , WR Matt Hazel , OT Ulrick John and TE Jake Stoneburner .
-- Lastly , the trading period begins at 4 p.m . ET .
March 20-23 : NFL owners meetings in Boca Raton -- Most likely rule changes for the 2016 season will be announced . Head coaches will also meet with media for a one-hour session .
See who draft analysts have the Miami Dolphins taking with the 8th pick in the 2016 NFL Draft on April 28 .
April 4 : Teams that hired a new head coach can begin their offseason program -- The Dolphins , who hired coach Adam Gase in January , fall under this qualification .
April 18 : Teams with returning head coaches can begin their offseason program .
April 22 : Last day for restricted free agents to sign offer sheets -- Again , for the Dolphins this most notably applies to FS Michael Thomas .
Mid-to-late April : Schedule release -- The Dolphins and every other team already knows who they 'll play during the 2016 regular season . However , the NFL has made the release of the league 's entire schedule with the dates and times into a prime-time television special .
April 28-30 : NFL Draft , Chicago -- The Dolphins have the No . 8 pick of the first round . Day 1 is the first round , Day 2 is the second and third rounds , and Day 3 is the fourth through seventh rounds .
April 30 : Teams can sign undrafted free agents after the conclusion of the draft -- Last season , the Dolphins found a LB trio in Neville Hewitt ( Marshall ) , Zach Vigil ( Utah State ) and Mike Hull ( Penn State ) . In past years , players such as RB Damien Williams and LB Chris McCain have been signed .
July 15 : Last day to sign players with the franchise or transition tag to a multi-year deal -- If no long-term agreement is reached , the player plays the 2016 season under their designated franchise or transition salary .
Like most major examination stations this follows the usual procedure of inspect , palpate , percuss , auscultate ( look , feel , tap , listen ) . It is an essential skill to master and is often examined in OSCEs .
The respiratory examination aims to pick up on any respiratory ( breathing ) pathology that may be causing a patient 's symptoms , such as shortness of breath , coughing , and wheezing . Common conditions include chest infections , asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) . This examination is performed on every patient that is admitted to hospital and regularly in clinics and general practice .
This is essentially an examination of the patient 's lungs ; however it is a complex examination which also includes examination of other parts of the body including the hands , face and neck .
Procedure Steps
Step 01 Begin by washing your hands , introduce yourself and clarify the patient 's identity . Explain what you would like to do and gain the patient 's consent . Offer a chaperone for this examination
Wash your hands
Step 02 The patient should be sitting up and exposed from the waist up . Make a general observation of the patient . Check whether they are comfortable at rest , do they look tachypnoeic , are they using accessory muscles , are there any obvious abnormalities of the chest . Also check for any clues around the bed such as inhalers , oxygen masks , or cigarettes .
Observe the patient from the end of the bed
Step 03 Move to the hands . Hot , pink peripheries may be a sign of carbon dioxide retention . Look for any signs of clubbing or nicotine staining . Ask the patient to extend their arms and cock their wrists to 90 degrees . Observe the hands in this position for 30 seconds ; a coarse flap may also be a sign of carbon dioxide retention .
Inspect the patient 's hands
Look for CO2 flap
Step 04 At the wrist , take the patient 's pulse . A bounding pulse may indicate carbon dioxide retention . After you have taken the pulse it is advisable to keep your hands in the same position and subtly count the patient 's respiration rate . This helps to keep it as natural as possible .
Take the radial pulse
Step 05 Move up to the face . Ask the patient to stick out their tongue and note its colour checking for anaemia or central cyanosis . Remember to ask them to raise their tongue up and check underneath .
Inspect the mouth and tongue
Step 06 Look for any use of accessory muscles such as the sternocleidomastoid muscle . Also palpate for the left supraclavicular node ( Virchow 's Node ) . This drains the thoracic duct so an enlarged node ( Troisier 's Sign ) may suggest metastatic cancer e.g . lung or abdominal .
Palpate for the left supraclavicular node
Step 07 The examination now moves onto the chest . Take time to observe the chest looking for any abnormalities such as changes in rib cage shape , or scars . Remember these may be in the axillae or on the back .
Step 08 Now palpate the chest . Firstly feel between the heads of the two clavicles for the trachea . If it is deviated , it may suggest a tumour or pneumothorax .
Palpate the trachea
Step 09 Feel for chest expansion . Place your hands firmly on the chest wall with your thumbs meeting in the midline . Ask the patient to take a deep breath in and note the distance your thumbs move apart . Normally this should be at least 5 centimetres . You should measure this at the top and bottom of the lungs as well as on the back .
Assess chest expansion
Step 10 Perform percussion on both sides , comparing similar areas on both sides . You should start by tapping on the clavicle which gives an indication of the resonance in the apex . Then percuss normally for the entire lung fields . Hyper-resonance may suggest a collapsed lung where as hypo-resonance or dullness suggests consolidation such as in infection , effusion or a tumour . Be sure to perform this on the back as well .
Percuss the lung fields
Step 11 Check for tactile vocal fremitus . Place the medial edge of your hand on the chest and ask the patient to say “ 99 ” or “ blue balloon ” . Do this with your hand in the upper , middle and lower areas of both lungs . This again gives a suggestion of the constitution of the tissue deep to your hand .
Check for tactile vocal fremitus
Step 12 Finally , auscultate . Do this in all areas of both lungs and on front and back comparing the sides to each other . Listen for any reduced breathe sounds , or added sounds such as crackles , wheeze , pleural rub or rhonchi .
Auscultate left lung
Auscultate right lung
Step 13 Whilst using the stethoscope , ask the patient to again say “ 99 ” or “ blue balloon ” whilst listening in all areas – this is a more reliable test than the one described earlier .
Step 14 Finish by examining the lymph nodes in the head and neck . Start under the chin with the submental nodes , move along to the submandibular then to the back of the head at the occipital nodes . Next palpate the pre- and post- auricular nodes . Move down the cervical chain and onto the supraclavicular nodes .
Palpate the submental lymph nodes
Palpate the submandibular lymph nodes
Palpate the occipital lymph nodes
Palpate the pre-auricular lymph nodes
Palpate the post-auricular lymph nodes
Palpate the cervical lymph nodes
Ok so before we watch a video of a Praying Mantis devouring a fly 's FACE , here is a little bit of information and fun facts about the Praying Mantis 🙂
Praying Mantid Information
Phylum , Arthrpoda ; Class , Insecta ; Order , Mantodea
Appearance ( Morphology )
> Three distinct body regions : head , thorax ( where the legs and wings are attached ) , abdomen .
> Part of the thorax is elongated to create a distinctive ‘ neck ' .
> Front legs modified as raptorial graspers with strong spikes for grabbing and holding prey .
> Large compound eyes on the head which moves freely around ( up to 180° ) and three simple eyes between the compound eyes .
> Incomplete or simple metamorphosis ( hemimetabolous ) .
Adult Males and Females
Females usually have heavier abdomen and are larger than males .
Immatures ( different stages )
A distinct Styrofoam-like egg case protects Mantid eggs throughout the winter . Up to 200 or more nymphs may emerge from the egg case . The nymphs look like adults except for size and the sexual definition . Coloration and patterns in the nymph stage may be different than the adult .
Natural History
Food
Praying mantids are highly predacious and feed on a variety of insects , including moths , crickets , grasshoppers and flies . They lie in wait with the front legs in an upraised position . They intently watch and stalk their prey . They will eat each other .
Habitat
Praying mantids are often protectively colored to the plants they live on . This camouflage facilitates their predaceous behavior . Mantids are usually found on plants that have other insects around . Some mantids live in grass . Winged adults may be attracted to black lights in late summer and early fall .
Predators
Many fish and predatory aquatic insects eat larvae and pupae . Bats , birds and spiders eat flying adults .
Interesting Behaviors
The adult female usually eats the male after or during mating . Mantid 's grasping response is incredibly rapid , so that you see it before it catches the insect and when the insect is in its front legs . The motion is barely a blur if it is perceived at all .
The compound eyes are capable of seeing images and colors . The three simple eyes perhaps tell the differences between light and dark .. The simple eyes are arranged in a triangle between the antennae . Compound eyes are made up of hundreds of facets constructed with two lenses . These focus the light down a light sensitive structures ( rhabdome ) which is connected to the optic nerve .
Impact on the Ecosystem
Positive
Mantids are active predators and consume other insects . They are good garden predators , but are can not keep up with the population growth of some insect populations and do not discriminate between beneficial and harmful garden insects .
Negative
None known .
Collecting Live Insects
Where to find
Praying mantids and /or their egg cases are very difficult to locate by just looking at plants because of their camouflage . To find adults , look on flowering plants and at porch lights in August through late September . Adult males will often fly to porch lights in the late fall . Home vegetable and flower gardens that are organic or where no insecticides have been used may be a good place to look . Egg cases can be purchased from : Carolina Biological Supply Company , ARBICO , Science Kit and Boreal Laboratories , Ward 's Biology .
How to collect
To collect an egg case , carefully cut the branch with the egg case several inches below the case . If the case is attached to a wall or board , you will not be able to remove it without damaging the case . In capturing immature or adult mantids , you can use your hands to cup around the insect or gently coax them into a container . Using an insect net may be helpful to capture adults with wings . Carefully lay the net over or to the side of the mantid and with one hand gently usher the mantid into the net . Transfer the mantid into a container large enough for the mantid to move around in .
Ten Awesome Facts about Praying Mantids
1 . Most praying mantids live in the tropics .
Of approximately 2,000 species of mantids described to date , almost all of them inhabit the tropics . Only 18 native species are known from the entire North American continent . Also , about 80 % of all members of the order Mantodea belong to a single family , the Mantidae .
2 . In the U.S. the mantids we see most often are exotic species .
For better or worse , the mantids we commonly encounter in many parts of the U.S. are introduced species , not native ones . The Chinese mantis ( Tenodera aridifolia ) was introduced near Philadelphia , PA about 80 years ago . This large mantid can measure up to 100 mm in length , and is abundant in some northern areas of the U.S . The European mantid , Mantis religiosa is pale green , and about half the size of the Chinese mantid at maturity . This species is well established in most of the eastern U.S. , since its introduction near Rochester , NY nearly a century ago .
3 . Mantids are unique among insects in their ability to turn their heads a full 180 degrees .
Try to sneak up on a praying mantis , and you may be startled when it looks over its shoulder at you . No other insect can do so . Praying mantids have a flexible joint between the head and prothorax that enables them to swivel their heads . This ability , along with their rather humanoid faces and long , grasping forelegs , endears them to even the most entomophobic people among us .
4 . Mantids are closely related to cockroaches and termites .
These three seemingly different insects – mantids , termites , and cockroaches – are believed to descend from a common ancestor . In fact , some entomologists group these insects in a superorder ( Dictyoptera ) , due to their close evolutionary relationships .
5 . Praying mantids overwinter as eggs in temperate regions .
The female praying mantis deposits their eggs on a twig or stem in the fall , and then protects them with a Styrofoam-like substance they secrete from their body . This forms a protective egg case , or ootheca , in which their offspring will develop over the winter . Mantid egg cases are easy to spot in the winter , when leaves have fallen from shrubs and trees . But be forewarned ! If you bring a mantid ootheca into your warm home in late winter or early spring , you will probably find a few hundred teeny , tiny praying mantids crawling around your house soon after .
6 . Female mantids sometimes eat their mates .
Yes , it 's true , female praying mantids do cannibalize their sex partners . In some instances , she 'll even behead the poor chap before they 've consummated their relationship . As it turns out , a male mantid is an even better lover when their brain , which controls inhibition , is detached from their abdominal ganglion , which controls the actual act of copulation . But most instances of sexual suicide in mantids occur in the confines of a laboratory setting . In the wild , scientists believe the male partner gets munched on less than 30 % of the time .
7 . Mantids use specialized front legs to capture prey .
The praying mantis is so named because when waiting for prey , it holds its front legs in an upright position , as if they are folded in prayer . Do n't be fooled by its angelic pose , however , because the mantid is a deadly predator . If a bee or fly happens to land within its reach , the praying mantis will extend its arms with lightning quick speed , and grab the hapless insect . Sharp spines line the mantid 's raptorial forelegs , enabling it to grasp the prey tightly as it eats . Some larger mantids catch and eat lizards , frogs , and even birds . Who says bugs are at the bottom of the food chain ? !
8 . Mantids are relatively young , in terms of evolutionary time .
The earliest fossil mantids date from the Cretaceous Period , and are between 146-66 million years old . These primitive mantid specimens lack certain traits found in the mantids that live today . They do n't have to elongate pronotum , or extended neck , of modern-day mantids and they lack spines on their forelegs .
9 . Praying mantids do prey on other insects , but are not necessarily beneficial insects .
Praying mantids can and will consume lots of other invertebrates in your garden . It 's important to note , however , that mantids do n't discriminate between good bugs and bad bugs when looking for meals . A praying mantis is just as likely to eat a native bee that 's pollinating your plants as it is to eat a caterpillar pest . Garden supply companies often sell the egg cases of Chinese mantids , touting them as a biological control for your garden , but these predators may do as much harm as good in the end .
10 . Mantids have binocular vision , but only one ear .
A praying mantis has two large , compound eyes that work together to help it decipher visual cues . But strangely , the praying mantis has just a single ear , located on the underside of its belly , just forward of its hind legs . This means the mantid can not discriminate the direction of sound , nor its frequency . What it can do is detect ultrasound , or sound produced by echolocating bats . Studies have shown that praying mantids are quite good at evading bats . A mantis in flight will essentially stop , drop , and roll in midair , dive bombing away from the hungry predator . Not all mantids have an ear , and those that do n't are typically flightless , so they do n't have to flee flying predators like bats .
Ok so the moment you have all been waiting for….Praying Mantis eats the face off a fly
A motionless European mantis ( Mantis religiosa ) waits to ambush a bee-mimicking fly . Then , seizing the fly with its forelegs , the mantis eats the mouthparts and eventually the face off the fly while it 's still alive . The fly never stops writhing ( presumably in pain ) , not even after its entire head is gone .
And if you want more 🙂
– Credit and Resources –
> Borror and DeLong 's Introduction to the Study of Insects , 7th edition , by Charles A. Triplehorn and Norman F. Johnson
> Insects : Their Natural History and Diversity , by Stephen A. Marshall
> Encyclopedia of Insects , 2nd edition , edited by Vincent H. Resh and Ring T. Carde
> Evolution of the Insects by David Grimaldi and Michael S. Engel
> Preying Mantids : Hiding in Plain Sight , by Roberta Bret , Smithsonian Zoogoer newsletter , Sept-Oct 1997
> Death of an order : a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study confirms that termites are eusocial cockroaches , by Daegan Inward , George Beccaloni , and Paul Eggleton . Biol . Lett . 22 June 2007 vol . 3 no . 3 331-335
> Video of Praying Mantis eating a fly 's face | IFL
General Praying Mantid Information also provided by Arizona.edu
Like this : Like Loading ...
More than 40,000 people who tried to buy shares in the privatisation have received nothing at all . By contrast City institutions were able to buy two thirds of the newly privatised company .
Lansdowne Partners , one of the world 's biggest hedge funds , has invested in Royal Mail and is said to have a £50million stake in the company . After a day of frantic trading the value of its shares has risen by £18million .
Peter Davies , Lansdowne 's co-head of developed markets strategy and a member of the hedge fund 's management committee , has been friends with the Chancellor since they met at Oxford University .
Mr Osborne chose Mr Davies to be their best man when they married Frances Howell in 1998 at St Margaret 's Church , next to Westminster Abbey .
The Labour Party highlighted the connection between the two men as part of its criticism of the Royal Mail sell-off .
A Labour source said : `` By selling off the Royal Mail on the cheap the taxpayer was short changed while hedge funds and friends of the Chancellor are set to rake it in . Once again this government puts the wrong people first . ''
A Conservative spokesperson said the allegations were `` completely untrue '' . `` At no point was George involved in , or even made aware of , the allocations , '' a spokesperson said .
A spokesperson for Lansdowne Partners said : `` To be clear , it is not Lansdowne who directly benefitted from these investments , rather British pension funds , charities , universities and others who entrust their money with the firm . ''
Lansdowne Partners made a reported £100million from the financial crash by betting that the price of Northern Rock would fall . The practice , known as `` short selling '' , has been heavily criticised by MPs and ministers .
Sir Paul Ruddock , Lansdowne 's former chief executive , was awarded a knighthood last year after donating £500,000 to the Conservative Party .
In an interview last year , shortly before stepping down , Sir Paul denied that their knighthood was anything to do with the donation and stressed that it was for their services to arts .
They also disputed claims that Lansdowne had made £100million from short-selling shares in Northern Rock , claiming that the actual amount was only a `` small fraction '' of the figure .
A spokesperson for Lansdowne Partners said : “ Lansdowne is a highly respected , long term investor in UK and international businesses on behalf of our clients which include numerous UK pension funds .
“ Our commitment over many months to this long term investment opportunity , and the process followed , have been identical to those in many other IPOs . Our interaction has only been with the company management and its advisers . ”
The Government refused to give any shares to private investors who bid more than £10,000 . It emerged yesterday that 17 tried to bid for more than £1 million .
Unsuccessful investors will only get their money back on October 21 , meaning the Government could be earning £300,000 in interest by sitting on the cash .
Leading fund managers yesterday raised concerns that that British funds had lost out overseas investors . One manager , who did not want to be named , said : `` We manage some of the best performing unit trusts in the UK , where ordinary people put in £50 a month in regular savings . We are accessible to all , but we were n't deemed good enough by the book runners for Royal Mail shares , despite asking for over £50m in the flotation . ''
Sovereign wealth funds in Abu Dhabi , Kuwait , Singapore and Norway are thought to be among those who have been allowed to invest in Royal Mail .
The influence of one week treatment with the choline-containing phospholipids cytidine-5'-diphosphocholine ( CDP-choline ) and choline alphoscerate ( L-alpha-glyceryl-phosphorylcholine ) at choline-equivalent doses ( CDP-choline : 325 mg/kg/day ; choline alphoscerate : 150 mg/kg/day ) on vesicular acetylcholine transporter ( VAChT ) , on choline transporter ( CHT ) and on acetylcholine ( ACh ) concentrations was investigated in rat frontal cortex , striatum and cerebellum . ACh was assayed by HPLC with electrochemical detection , VAChT by Western blot , ELISA and immunohistochemistry , CHT by Western blot and immunohistochemistry . After CDP-treatment , ACh levels were slightly increased in the frontal cortex , not substantially different in the striatum , and reduced significantly in the cerebellum compared to controls . Choline alphoscerate stimulated significantly the neurotransmitter concentration in the frontal cortex , however , the levels were similar to the controls in both the striatum and cerebellum . In comparison to the controls , VAChT expression following either CDP-choline or choline alphoscerate treatment , was enhanced greatly in the striatum and cerebellum . Also , ELISA measurements for VAChT showed significant increases in all choline alphoscerate treated brain areas . In contrast , in the CDP-choline treated rats the vesicular transporter amount was greater than the control only in the striatum . The cholinergic presynaptic transporters VAChT and CHT play a relevant role in sustaining new ACh synthesis and release . To sum up , CDP-choline and choline alphoscerate stimulated to a different extent the expression of VAChT and CHT primarily in a cognitive area such as frontal cortex . In the lack of novel therapeutic strategies , safe compounds developed since a long time such as the choline-containing phospholipids investigated would merit to be further investigated by new and adequate clinical studies . This for assessing their place if any in pharmacotherapy of dementia disorders characterized by diminished cholinergic tone .
Copyright © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved .
`` Abortion providers like Planned Parenthood do little other than provide abortions . ''
U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy ( R-Wausau ) wants states to be able to refuse Medicaid funds to health centers that provide abortions , so in January 2017 , the Wisconsin Republican reintroduced legislation to do just that — a bill called the Women 's Public Health and Safety Act .
Federal dollars currently can not go toward abortions , except in cases of rape , incest or risk to the mother 's life . But providers that offer abortions can still receive Medicaid dollars for other medical services , such as tests for sexually transmitted diseases and cancer screenings .
In a Jan. 24 , 2017 news release announcing the legislation , Duffy claimed : `` New evidence reveals that abortion providers like Planned Parenthood do little other than provide abortions . ''
It 's an intriguing statement : The bill hits on a divisive issue in American politics — abortion — and Duffy 's news release provided no supporting information to back up the claim .
When we asked Duffy for details , spokesperson Mark Bednar cited a video that an anti-abortion group released in January 2017 asserting , in short , that few Planned Parenthood facilities offer prenatal care . ( Planned Parenthood , which has about 650 health centers across the country , including 21 in Wisconsin , disputes the video 's conclusions . )
Bednar also provided estimates of Planned Parenthood 's U.S. market share for abortions and how much money the group makes by performing abortions .
We reviewed everything Duffy 's team supplied and none of it came close to justifying the claim that `` new evidence reveals that abortion providers like Planned Parenthood do little other than provide abortions . ''
So let 's take a closer look .
Calculating abortions
At the outset , we note that Planned Parenthood provides a wide variety of health services , not just abortions , according to the group 's 2014-2015 annual report , the most recent one available .
Those other services include contraception , hormone therapy , testing and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases , pregnancy tests , cancer screenings and prevention procedures , as well as smoking cessation assistance .
To fully evaluate Duffy 's claim , though , we need to get a sense of the relative frequency of the abortions Planned Parenthood provides and how it compares to other services , and there are different ways of measuring that .
Planned Parenthood performed nearly 324,000 abortions in the 12-month period between October 2013 and September 2014 , according to the group 's annual report .
That 's out of a total 9.4 million services provided to patients in the same time period , including :
-- 4.2 million tests and treatment procedures for sexually transmitted infections ;
-- 2.9 million contraception services ;
-- 1.1 million pregnancy tests ;
-- 682,000 cancer screening and prevention procedures ;
-- 95,800 other health-related services ;
-- 17,400 prenatal services .
The upshot is that abortions accounted for about 3 percent of all Planned Parenthood 's procedures and services , the annual report states .
Critics and some observers have questioned whether the 3 percent figure accurately reflects the proportion of abortion services at Planned Parenthood centers .
That 's because the calculation used to arrive at the number does n't distinguish between types of services , their cost or complexity . In other words , one abortion is counted the same as providing a contraceptive or pregnancy test .
But there is a second , perhaps more objective way of assessing Duffy 's claim : look at patients .
Planned Parenthood had about 2.5 million patients in the 12-month period covered in its annual report , from October 2013 to September 2014 . About 13 percent of patients had abortions in that time frame , according to Elizabeth Clark , director of health media for Planned Parenthood Federation of America .
Put another way : 87 percent of patients visited Planned Parenthood for non-abortion needs .
We recognize , of course , that Planned Parenthood has self-reported these figures from their affiliates . Still , the numbers are independently audited , Clark said , and we are not aware of any other sources that can reliably provide the same kind of information .
It 's also worth pointing out that because federal dollars generally ca n't be used for abortions , Duffy 's bill and other legislation aimed at restricting public funding for Planned Parenthood are themselves an acknowledgment of sorts that the organization does more than provide abortions .
Indeed , Planned Parenthood 's single-largest share of revenue in fiscal year 2015 — $ 553 million , or 43 percent — came from government grants and reimbursements , according to the annual report .
Our rating
Duffy said , `` New evidence reveals that abortion providers like Planned Parenthood do little other than provide abortions . ''
But that is far from accurate .
Planned Parenthood 's most recent annual report covering a 12-month span between October 2013 and September 2014 states that abortions accounted for 3 percent of services the organization provided .
About 13 percent of Planned Parenthood patients had abortions in the same period , a spokesperson said .
What 's more , Duffy 's own measure to defund Planned Parenthood underlines how inaccurate this claim is . Federal money generally ca n't be used for abortions , so the money they and others want to eliminate goes to pay for , well , things other than abortions .
For a claim that 's false and ridiculous , we have one rating : Pants on Fire .
Have you heard about the group that has abused open records laws to harass climate scientists across the United States ? The organization behind North Carolina 's ban on using sea level science to inform coastal planning ? The institution attacking renewable energy targets ?
These are all activities of the innocuous-sounding Energy and Environment Legal Institute ( E & E Legal ) . Virginia-based attorney Chris Horner serves as a senior fellow at E & E Legal , formerly known as the American Tradition Institute , and is connected to a number of other organisations that have sought to undermine public understanding of climate science . Now , thanks to a scoop by Lee Fang at The Intercept , we now know where some of their money comes from .
It 's the coal industry .
We have known for years that privately funded organizations have attacked climate scientists , both in the US and the UK , to the extent that they had to set up a legal defence fund . But we 've known little about where their money comes from , beyond efforts to connect the dots between different groups .
Now , the bankruptcy filings of Alpha Natural Resources , a large Virginia-based coal company , provide a rare window into the list of political and advocacy organizations the company has funded . According to the filing , Alpha provided money not only to groups with ties to Horner , but also to Horner personally . Other recipients include the Heartland Institute , which compared climate scientists to the Unabomber , the American Legislative Exchange Council and numerous others .
In the US , companies are usually not required to disclose this kind of spending , so public scrutiny is grossly inadequate . Trade associations and corporate front groups like E & E Legal are willing to do the dirty work that companies do n't want to associate themselves with . A recent Union of Concerned Scientists analysis found that utility and energy companies are often unwilling to support publicly the climate change activities of the trade groups that represent them .
One of the tactics embraced by Alpha-funded groups , individuals , and politicians is the harassment of scientists . In 2010 , Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli used an obscure health care fraud law to subpoena emails , draft research papers , handwritten notes and other documents from the University of Virginia related to the work of climate scientist Michael Mann . Even some climate sceptics described this move as a witch hunt . The university decided to fight the subpoenas and the case played out over the course of two years , with the Virginia Supreme Court unanimously ruling that Cuccinelli had overstepped their authority .
Alpha contributed heavily to Cuccinelli 's campaigns for attorney general and governor , to the tune of $ 163,375 between 2009 and 2013 . In 2009 , Alpha CEO Kevin Crutchfield gave the campaign a thousand dollars , the maximum individual contribution .
When it became clear that Cuccinelli was losing in court , E & E Legal requested the exact same documents , word for word , under Virginia 's Freedom of Information Act . When the university resisted , this case also went to the Virginia Supreme Court , which ruled unanimously that the university could prevent the disclosure of documents that would harm the research process .
E & E Legal has since filed open records requests with universities in Arizona ( where it also lost in the state superior court ) , Texas and Illinois . Yet while they lose repeatedly , in one way they are successful : they confuse the public debate , and force universities and scientists to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars defending themselves . This takes time away from research and dissuades scientists from public engagement .
Filings show that Alpha also funded the Consumer Energy Alliance , an oil industry front group , and the Free Market Environmental Law Clinic , which is based at the home of David Schnare , the lead attorney for E & E Legal 's open records cases .
So now we know at least one company directly funds harassment of scientists . How many others are supporting these attacks ?
Chris Horner is a go-to guy for a number of coal companies . According to the Intercept , earlier this summer , the Coal and Investment Leadership Forum sent an email to its membership list referring to a “ commitment we have made to support Chris Horner 's work. ” The email was signed by representatives of Alpha Natural Resources , Arch Coal , United Coal , Drummond Company and Alliance Resource Partners .
How many of these companies ( and others who were not signatories to the email ) are sending funds to Horner or to the organizations with which they are affiliated ? The public deserves answers to these questions . And it should n't take a coal company going bankrupt to bring such activities to light .
Michael Halpern ( @ halpsci ) is manager of strategy and innovation for the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists .
Corazon Aquino ( far right ) in 1986 .
By Reihana Mohideen
August 14 , 2009 – Former president of the Philippines Corazon Aquino died on August 1 . Following the 1983 assassination of Benigno Aquino , their husband , Cory Aquino became the Philippine 's leading bourgeois opposition figure to the US-backed dictator Ferdinand Marcos . They stood against Marcos in the 1986 presidential election . After Marcos was proclaimed the winner of the blatantly rigged election , a mass uprising – dubbed the `` people power revolution '' -- overthrew Marcos and Aquino became president . They were in office from 1986 to 1992 .
The Philippines left 's reaction to the death of Corazon Aquino has been intriguing . The Communist Party of the Philippines ( CPP ) did a complete about-turn , recanting its previous position that Cory Aquino was a representative of the reactionary classes .
The CPP-influenced National Democratic Front statement laid the blame for the massacre of unarmed peasants at Mendiola during the Aquino administration ( one of the most tragic episodes in the history of the left in the Philippines ) at the feet of the “ military and police [ who ] caused the termination of the ceasefire agreement between the Government of the Republic of the Philippines and the NDFP when they indiscriminately fired on the peasants and their urban supporters marching for land reform on January 22 , 1987. ” Thus a massacre became an “ indiscriminate firing ” and the Aquino administration was relieved of all responsibility in a stunningly hypocritical rewriting of history .
As for Cory Aquino 's active support to keep the US military bases in the Philippines in opposition to moves by the Philippines Senate to remove the bases , the NDF statement had only this to say : “ She was openly critical of the long-running support of the US for the Marcos dictatorship in exchange for the aggrandizement of US economic interests and the continuance of the US military bases. ” Not a word on their pro-US bases stance after they came to power .
Even those of us now well-accustomed to the CPP 's unashamed pragmatism swallowed hard while reading the NDF statement signed by top CPP leaders including Jose Maria Sison . However , this is not the first time that history has been rewritten , especially by the CPP , to suit the various twists and turns in its political line .
Partido Lakas ng Masa
The Partido Lakas ng Masa ( Party of the Labouring Masses ) , on the other hand , issued a statement by its chairperson Sonny Melencio outlining its assessment of the main characteristics of the Cory Aquino regime . It read in part : “ Cory Aquino was the icon of the revival of pre-dictatorial ‘ elite democracy ' in the country . They were the symbol of a ‘ people power revolution ' which deposed the dictator Marcos but failed to institute a people 's power government . The governmental alliance that they established under their ‘ revolutionary government ' quickly transformed into a government headed by elite groups previously persecuted by the Marcos dictatorship . ”
Most importantly the PLM statement implied that what was really posed was the possibility of the left leading the anti-dictatorship movement and taking political power . “ While Aquino was seen as leading the downfall of the much-hated Marcos dictatorship , it is classes and not individuals that make history . There were various factors and players at work who made the ouster of Marcos a reality . Edsa 1 [ the 1986 people power uprising ] itself was a confluence of a military mutiny and a people 's uprising . The build-up to Edsa 1 was a series of protests , sacrifices and small-scale rebellion led by the Left and other progressive forces . It is unfortunate , however , that the Left which has sacrificed the most during the period of the dictatorship , ended up ‘ politically isolated ' due errors related to its strategy and tactics . ”
It concluded by arguing that the current crisis facing the people under the rotting carcass of the current regime of President Gloria Macapagal is a part of Cory 's legacy : “ In a sense , Gloria Macapagal 's rise to power was a product of the limited and distorted character of Cory 's ‘ revolution ' ” .
Akbayan
The left electoral party Akbayan did not release a formal statement , but some of its individual leaders attempted to expose the real record of the Aquino administration , such as its active opposition to the removal of US bases and the burdensome legacy of debt left to the future generations , enshrined in what became known as the `` Cory constitution '' , which made the annual repayment of the foriegn debt mandatory . One of the leaders of Akbayan argued that the problem was bad advisors who surrounded Cory Aquino . Others argued that despite its anti-people record , the Aquino administration was still seen by the people as a representative of the ideal of freedom and democracy .
`` Who could forget the Aquino governments pro-US military bases stance ? Who could not recall their government 's US-backed low intensity conflict and total war policy against ` insurgents ' which in truth harmed the masses more than its perceived enemies ? ” , asked Emanuel Hizon , an Akbayan leader , in another article . They went onto explain the mass support for Cory “ … this woman despite their regime 's numerous social and economic transgressions is so loved and cherished by a people representing three generations of Edsas . It 's not so much because they are religious , a mother-like figure to many , a glorified widow or simply a martyr ; beyond the labels , our ideological flexing and the comfortable branding of pundits , Cory has been duly recognized by the people as an icon in their transition from despotism to rule of law , their struggle from tyranny towards a sense of freedom and democracy . Cory is first and foremost the representation of that ideal , of that difficult journey towards democratization , of that collective national experience . ”
And it did not stop there . `` She will also be remembered as a defender of that particular form of democracy , flawed and wanting it may be in so many ways , not measuring up to our Marxist concept of a democratic archetype . From people power 2 which removed an incompetent and corrupt regime up to their participation in the fight to throw out the illegitimate Arroyo regime and its sinister plan to amend the constitution , Cory will be remembered and respected as a person who despite their privileged status joined the people in their most trying and important political junctures . ”
No lessons reviewed
What struck me most about the left analysis of Cory Aquino and their years , however , was the lack of any serious assessment of the lessons that this critical period in history holds for left strategy today . In this sense the analysis has been ahistorical . In most cases it has n't gone beyond the role of Cory Aquino as an individual or the reviewing of some facts of their administration 's record , instead of analysing and attempting to understand the lessons they hold for left strategy today .
Does this mean that the left has nothing to learn from the revolution that overthrew Marcos and stabilised the system of elite rule ? Or is this a form of denial , a refusal to collectively look at the period head on and draw the relevant lessons for today ?
After all , the Aquino years were a traumatic period for the revolutionary left , having to come to terms with it 's own failure in losing the leadership of the political revolution , as well as having to suffer ongoing repression with the massacre of farmers in Mendiola , as well as the assassination of leaders of the movement , Rolando Olalia and Lean Alejandro .
The people power revolution was a double-edged sword for the revolutionary left : a partial victory in building a mass movement that overthrew the dictatorship , but also a defeat of the left 's strategy . Most importantly , today , we continue to live with the legacy of all this .
I think that the left has only made a partial assessment of the 1986 revolution and its aftermath . I have always believed that a more comprehensive assessment is necessary , because it is of the utmost importance that we learn the lessons for today .
As historical materialists our starting point should be , as the Partido Lakas ng Masa statement correctly points out , “ it is classes and not individuals that make history ” .
We should also internalise that Napoleonic dictum that `` Defeated armies learn well '' . This is something that the Cuban revolutionaries managed to do in the aftermath of the defeat of the Moncada rebellion on July 26 , 1953 , and then went on a few years later to lead a successful insurrection resulting in the Cuban Revolution in 1959 .
I think that the Philippines left is still grappling with this and is an army that has not , as yet , learned its lessons well .
Some lessons and more questions
Some lessons have been drawn by sections of the left and its important that these are summarised . While these positions are differently nuanced amongst the various political parties or blocs , the main lessons can be identified as follows : ( i ) The importance of the left intervening in the electoral arena , and ( ii ) the rejection or questioning of the Maoist strategy of protracted people 's war . Others have also pointed to the important role that the military plays in an insurrection or political revolution .
The transitional demand for a `` Transitional Revolutionary Government '' put forward by Laban ng Masa during the height of the struggle to oust the Gloria Macapagal regime was also partially referenced by the government of Cory Aquino which was then referred to as a `` revolutionary government '' .
A key lesson of the 1986 revolution is the importance of the electoral tactic in the mobilisation of the masses and the capture of government and political power . The CPP 's ultraleft , electoral boycott tactic was a fatal error leading to the isolation of the left and the victory of the elite in the anti-dictatorship upsurge . If the CPP had fully participated in the election campaign and used the electoral tactic to the fullest extent possible to mobilise the masses , the outcome of the revolution would have been different . Aquino 's and the elite forces ' victory in February could have been followed by a revolutionary October , as the CPP chair Sison then promised . This never came to pass and instead we experienced a period of decline of the revolutionary movement .
The left learned this lesson hard and through the 1990s started to run its own candidates and participate in the electoral arena . However , the overall character of the left electoral intervention has been to play the electoral card in an extremely conventional way , within the boundaries set by traditional bourgeois politics , that it has become impossible to differentiate the left 's electoral campaigns from those of the trapo [ traditional elite ] candidates . `` We have to play the game '' was the justification given . And the left certainly did `` play the game '' . So much so that the CPP 's electoral organisations were the de facto party list of choice of the Gloria Macapagal regime in the 2001 and 2004 elections . The mobilisation of the masses has not been the aim , but the winning of seats by any means necessary .
The revolutionary movement in Latin America has once again placed the electoral tactic on the agenda . In Venezuela and Bolivia the revolutionary movement used the electoral tactic to capture government and then proceed to extend and consolidate revolutionary political and state power . This lesson and experience is now being extended to Nicaragua , El Salvador , Uruguay and Ecuador .
The lesson for us in the Philippines is that the electoral tactic , under certain conditions , such as during an extreme crisis of elite rule and a sharp rise in the class struggle ( as was the case in the period leading to the collapse of the Marcos dictatorship ) , can be used to mobilise the masses to create a major breach in the system of elite/bourgeois rule . This is a key lesson of the 1986 revolution and a lesson from the advances being made by the revolutionary movements in Latin America today . However , as long as we use the electoral tactic purely within the boundaries set by trapo politicians , our political gains will be extremely limited and our movement will suffer the problems of opportunism , that so marks the left 's electoral interventions today .
We also need to start by asking ourselves the right questions in the process of trying to draw useful lessons . Why is it that sections of the elite have time and again been able to use populist rhetoric , to mobilise and lead the masses to serve their own interests , including in winning leadership from the left ? For me this is a key question , or maybe even the key question , that needs to be posed over and over again , especially during periods of crisis such as the one we face in the Philippines today .
[ Reihana Mohideen is head of Partido Lakas ng Masa 's international department . This article first appeared at Socialista Feminista . ]
CLOSE NorthJersey.com Jets reporter Andy Vasquez discusses the team 's Week 2 loss to the Raiders .
New York Jets head coach Todd Bowles gestures on the sideline during the second half of an NFL football game against the Oakland Raiders in Oakland , Calif. , Sunday , Sept. 17 , 2017 . ( AP Photo/Ben Margot ) ( Photo : The Associated Press )
The Jets were embarrassed by the Raiders , 45-20 , to fall to 0-2 on the season . Now they head to MetLife Stadium to play their first home game of the season against the Dolphins .
Here 's a look at the five big storylines surrounding the Jets as they head into Week 2 .
How bad is this going to get ?
Not many people outside of One Jets Drive expected much from this team . And few were surprised to see the Jets start 0-2 with two demoralizing losses on the road .
But the Jets have insisted all season long that they could surprise some people and be a competitive team . How the Jets play in their first two home games of the season -- against Miami and Jacksonville , hardly juggernauts -- should tell us a lot about whom this team really is .
Jets quarterback Josh McCown prepares to throw a pass against the Oakland Raiders in the third quarter at Oakland Coliseum . ( Photo : Cary Edmondson/USA TODAY Sports )
`` We learned a lot as the two weeks went by , '' Bowles said . `` But we 'll learn a lot more these next two weeks whether we can correct these mistakes , which I 'm pretty sure we can . ''
If the Jets can play respectable football against the Dolphins , it would be a sign that things are headed in the right direction . But if it 's another blowout , rife with costly mistakes , the Jets ' will be a punchline for the rest of the year . Bowles is confident that wo n't happen .
QUICK HITS : Where it all went wrong for the Jets against the Raiders
`` I know my team . I know the locker room . I 've seen a lot , '' Bowles said . `` I 've been around these guys quite a bit and I have every confidence in the world in them .
`` We 're still learning about the identity part [ of our team ] , '' Bowles said . `` But I know we have a lot of fight in us . We just have to not make the mistakes we 've been making .
Fixing the defense
Through two games the Jets ' defense has been consistent in only one regard : the unit surrenders huge plays all the time . Sunday the defense gave up five plays of 20 yards or more , including three touchdowns of more than 25 . Week 1 in Buffalo , the Jets allowed eight plays of 20 yards or more .
The issue Sunday was simple -- well , if you ask coach Todd Bowles .
Oakland Raiders running back Jalen Richard ( 30 ) runs for a touchdown against the New York Jets during the second half of an NFL football game in Oakland , Calif. , Sunday , Sept. 17 , 2017 . ( AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez ) ( Photo : Marcio Jose Sanchez , AP )
`` Missed tackles , '' Jets coach Todd Bowles said .
The most glaring example came in the third quarter , when cornerback Juston Burris could have stopped a run by the Raiders ' Cordarrelle Patterson after three yards . But they missed Patterson , who rumbled 43 yards for the touchdown .
`` We just missed a few tackles , '' Bowles said . `` It 's not everybody . It 's not a full-time thing . ''
ANALYSIS : Jets ' run defense a disaster in 45-20 loss to Raiders
Bowles said the Jets will work on tackling fundamentals in practice in the coming days . But the Jets issues sure seem bigger than just tackling better . For example , there were no missed tackles on Jalen Richard 's 52-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter -- the Jets did n't touch them at the line of scrimmage .
The Jets have surrendered 13 plays of 20 yards or more in two games -- there 's a lot more going on than just missing a few tackles .
Return of Austin Seferian-Jenkins
Austin Seferian-Jenkins takes a drink after the Jets ' first training camp practice , Saturday , July 29 , 2017 . ( Photo : Kevin R. Wexler/NorthJersey.com )
Tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins missed the first two games of the season because of a suspension stemming from their 2016 DUI arrest . But he 's slated to return on Monday , and the Jets will be happy to see him .
First , just because he 's an able-bodied tight end . Eric Tomlinson and Jordan Leggett missed Sunday 's game because of injury , forcing the Jets to use Will Tye as the starter less than two weeks after they joined the team .
CHRISTIAN HACKENBERG : What 's next for Hackenberg after they lost out on the Jets ' backup QB job ?
`` It [ helps to have ] a regular game plan – as far as just personnel groupings and stuff like that , '' Jets quarterback Josh McCown said on a conference call Monday . `` There 's not all these extra contingency plans in case you lose one guy and this happens and that happens . You feel like you have your full complement of people . So , it will be a big positive . Obviously , Austin 's a good player , so we look forward to having them back with us . It will be good . ''
Seferian-Jenkins could also become a prominent target for McCown , given the Jets ' newfound emphasis on throwing to the tight end .
Limited growth opportunities
NEWSLETTERS Get the Fire and Ice newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong All the news about the New Jersey Devils , from training camp to the regular season and Stanley Cup playoffs . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-282-3422 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Fire and Ice Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Veteran wide receiver Jeremy Kerley was activated on Sunday for the first time . And that meant a significant hit in playing time for two of the Jets ' rookie receivers : rookies ArDarius Stewart and Chad Hansen .
Stewart , a third-round pick , played 38 snaps in the season opener , pulling in two catches for 10 yards . Hansen , a fourth-rounder , played 12 offensive snaps Week 1 at Buffalo without a catch .
JETS QB CHRYSTAL BALL : USC 's Sam Darnold engineers a memorable comeback
On Sunday , both players ' time was extremely limited : Stewart played only eight offensive snaps , and Hansen played only two . Meanwhile , Kerley played 44 snaps . This bears watching because the 2017 season is all about development for the Jets , and if Kerley keeps taking reps from the younger receivers it could hinder their development
Punt returner released
Punt/kick returner Kalif Raymond was late Tuesday afternoon , after their costly gaffe against the Raiders . As it turned out , Raymond 's momentum-changing muffed punt against the Raiders -- it cost the Jets a chance to try and take the lead late in the first half , and gifted the Raiders a touchdown -- was too much for Bowles to ignore .
Raymond , who the Jets claimed off of waivers earlier this month after the Broncos released them on cut day , also muffed two punts in Week 1 but recovered them both . On Monday , Bowles was cryptic about Raymond 's future
`` We 'll look at it as the week goes and we 'll see what we want to do , '' Bowles said .
One possibility now that Raymond is gone ? Kerley has extensive experience as a punt returner .
Email : vasqueza @ northjersey.com
Audrey Sorensen has n't added a story .
Our good friend Ian , known to many of you as Charlie Gill , and their family have been devastated by a recurrence of the colon cancer they so bravely fought and overcame 5 years ago . As some of you know this past May they got the bad news the cancer had returned with a vengeance ... not only has the original cancer now spread to their kidney , liver and lymphnodes , but they also have a melanoma in their lung . Ian ( Charlie ) was undergoing heavy-duty chemo treatments every other week when a bout of double pneumonia put them in the hospital , where with the exception of 2 days at home , they have been now for almost 2 months .
They were on life support for almost 2 weeks for lung/heart complications and on dialysis for resulting failure of their one good kidney . Miraculously , they woke up and removed their own breathing tube , and was able to move out of ICU .
They are still battling other complications , and at this point their ability to be able to go home is undetermined . Obviously , they have been unable to work to support their family and combat medical bills . They will have a long difficult road ahead of him , but they are a fighter , and has an incredible heart and amazing spirit and attitude . As does their wife Michelle , who has been juggling caring for Charlie and working full time . Michelle is now taking leave of absence from work to be with Charlie at the hospital .
Anything you can give to help Ian/Charlie , Michelle and their son Trevor in this courageous fight will go a long way in easing this family 's burden on many levels . No amount is too small !
Please feel free to share this via social media or email with anyone else you believe might also wish to help .
So many prayers and messages , and so much love and positive energy have helped bring them this far , please keep them coming .
Thank you for making a difference in this family 's life !
The United States Senate blocked an outright two-month extension of the Patriot Act early Saturday morning , as three sections of the Act are set to expire at the end of the month . One of those sections , the controversial Section 215 , is used by the National Security Agency to justify its bulk collection of Americans ' data .
In addition to blocking an extension of the Patriot Act with no changes , the Senate also did not pass the USA Freedom Act , which was passed in the US House of Representatives 338-88 .
While those in support of the USA Freedom Act presented it as a bill that would end the NSA 's bulk collection of Americans ' data , those opposing the bill said that it would n't end the collection ; it would only change the channels the government went through to collect Americans ' records .
The USA Freedom Act needed to reach a 60-vote threshold in the Senate in order to pass . It failed by a 57-42 vote on Friday .
On Wednesday , GOP Presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul ( R-KY ) took to the floor of the Senate for 10 hours and 30 minutes to filibuster the renewal of Section 215 of the Patriot Act .
Paul led the opposition against Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-KY ) , who had said that they intended to set up a final showdown on the NSA 's bulk-data programs by “ putting pressure on civil liberties advocates to muster the 60 votes needed to end the snooping , ” in the hopes that the senators would end up having to accept an extension of the current Patriot Act .
[ quote_center ] “ We have entered into a momentous debate , ” Paul said . “ This is a debate about whether or not a warrant with a single name of a single company can be used to collect all of the records of all of the people in our country with a single warrant . Our forefathers would be aghast . One of the things they despised was general warrants. ” [ /quote_center ]
Although McConnell tried to extend the Patriot Act to June 8 , to June 5 , to June 3 , and to June 2 , Paul continued to object , and no extension was agreed upon .
According to a memo from the Department of Justice , because no renewal of Section 215 of the Patriot Act was passed , the NSA will now “ begin taking steps to wind down the bulk telephone metadata program in anticipation of a possible sunset in order to ensure that it does not engage in any unauthorized collection or use of the metadata . ”
The Senate has adjourned for a week-long recess for the Memorial Day holiday , and will not return until May 31 , the day Section 215 of the Patriot Act is officially set to expire .
Will Rand Paul 's filibuster of the Patriot Act change * Congressional opinion Public opinion Neither Both Please pick one . Participation in this poll will enroll you in Ben Swann Truth In Media 's free newsletter . You can unsubscribe anytime .
Email *
Captcha
Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged .
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms .
During an interview on Monday 's edition of SiriusXM 's “ Karen Hunter Show , ” Representative Keith Ellison ( D-MN ) , who is a candidate for DNC Chair stated that Fidel Castro “ confronted people with a lot of power on behalf of people that did n't have any. ” And while Castro “ probably ” was “ harsh ” and “ dictatorial ” their legacy is “ mixed ” and saying that he 's “ all bad , ” is “ all wrong . ”
Ellison said , “ Well , here 's the thing about Fidel Castro , they were a revolutionary leader who confronted a system of government that excluded everybody except the military and the moneyed rich . And because they took them on , defeated them , and then set the country up in a way where — did they use harsh dictatorial tactics ? Yeah , probably they did — but , did they also stand up for peace and freedom in Africa ? Absolutely . I mean , their Cuban forces took on the South African apartheid military forces and defeated them . And , was — actually sent — deployed doctors anywhere from Chernobyl , to all over Africa , wherever people were sick , they sent those doctors there , made medical education very available , made medicine available . And so , if you look at their legacy , what — you have to say that they confronted people with a lot of power on behalf of people that did n't have any . But they also did jail people who were political critics of his , they did also not allow total and free speech . And so , I think it 's a mixed bag . But for anybody to say that they were all bad , that 's all wrong . ”
( h/t RCP )
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @ IanHanchett
While experts acknowledge that the UK has the emotional resilience of blancmange , many now agree that mindfulness is just a scam to sell books and joss sticks and to fill up Spa resorts . Some suggest that there is a direct correlation between whining and the amount of free time on our hands , given that half the world lives off less than $ 2.50 a day – which will please Philip Hammond – but still has better mental health .
‘ Perhaps you might think about complaining that our cappuccino being too frothy , our data allowance being too low and that we had to wait a whole year for the next season of Game of Thrones , a Buddhist monk suggested . ‘ Look , sad things happen , okay ? Guess what – just eat healthily and be nice to people , that 's all Sad shit will happen , but you 'll be much better equipped to deal with it . The rest is just advertising and trapped wind . '
Crowds in Paris and across France have said goodbye to 2016 . The last two years have tested the country , with several terror attacks and the declaration of a nationwide state of emergency .
There are moments when everything can change dramatically . We are living through one . François Hollande President of France
In their final end-of-year address to the nation , outgoing President François Hollande praised the grit and determination of the French people .
“ You 've continued to live , to work , to go out , to move around , to cherish freedom . You can be proud of yourselves . But we 're not done with the plight of terrorism . We have to keep on fighting it . This is the reason for our military operations abroad , in Mali , in Syria , in Iraq — Iraq where I 'll be going the day after tomorrow ( January 2 ) to salute our troops . Vive la République ! Vive la France , ” they declared .
They also made reference to the forthcoming presidential elections , scheduled between April and May , 2017 . Talking about a possible victory for the far-right Front National , they said : “ That would no longer be France . ”
They also warned François Fillon , the candidate for the right-wing Républicains party , that “ brutalising society must be avoided . ”
“ Democracy , freedom , social rights , Europe and even peace , all of that becomes vulnerable , reversible , ” added Hollande .
“ We saw it in the United Kingdom , with Brexit , and in the United States during the election in November . We see it across our continent , with the rise of extremism .
“ In history , there are moments when everything can change dramatically . We are living through one . So , in less than five months , you will have to make a choice . It will be decisive for France . ”
ROSE HALL , St James — Prime Minister Andrew Holness has sought to reassure the people of Montego Bay here that their Government is working hard to make the long-awaited bypass for the second city a reality .
“ The thrust behind this bypass for Montego Bay actually emanated with Montegonions , but Horace Chang ( Member of Parliament for St James North West ) has been very influential in getting this done . And indeed , myself and Minister Chang have been working very hard to ensure that we can start the Montego Bay bypass in short order , ” assured Holness .
The prime minister was addressing the opening ceremony of Build Expo and Conference 2017 , held at the Montego Bay Convention Centre in St James on Friday .
This was held under the theme : 'Build the future today ' .
Holness also disclosed that Dr Chang , who is also the minister without portfolio with responsibility for water , works and housing in the Ministry of Economic Growth and Job Creation , recently returned from a trip to China where they had sought to secure financing for the project .
“ Indeed , Minister Chang is in China ... , they have returned , trying to secure the financing to do that bypass , ” revealed Holness .
In May , Dr Chang had stated that the Government was working on having a complex financial arrangement for the periphery roadway in place by the end of the year .
At the time , Dr Chang had also disclosed that by the end of June , a route for the bypass road will be signed off .
The Prime Minister 's reassurance came minutes following a plea by the newly installed President of the Montego Bay Chamber of Commerce and Industry , T'Shura Gibbs for Montego Bay which has been growing by up to six per cent annually to be rewarded with the bypass road .
“ The city has registered annualised growth of approximately six per cent and will continue to pursue and support opportunities and initiatives in the drive for continue growth and expansion in Montego Bay . The focus of this expo is quite timely , as the need for additional housing and commercial space becomes more evident , ” stated Gibbs .
The Jamaica Public Service ( JPS ) Company Limited Western Region executive continued : “ Mr Prime Minister , not providing the proper infrastructure to support the economic and population growth is punishing us for a job well done . But , I know you are not that kind of Prime Minister . So , I look forward to your continued support in the construction of the Montego Bay bypass road which is urgently needed to support the continued growth and development of Montego Bay . ”
Holness agreed in full with Gibbs analysis and statement .
“ Montego Bay is the growing city in Jamaica . You feel the sense of a booming economy in Montego Bay . And we 're acknowledging , we agree , the city has outgrown the infrastructure and it is becoming a limiting factor now ... the infrastructure . We expect that building the road will free up Montego Bay , make it far easier for citizens to navigate the city and open up new corridors for residential and commercial building , ” stated Holness .
The three-day Expo which ends today will see over 120 booths on display .
'Bring back the guillotine and behead those who wo n't give up wealth ' : Roseanne Barr 's solution to the banking crisis
Comedienne and actor Roseanne Barr has launched another scathing attack - this time taking aim at bankers , ordering them to return profits or be beheaded .
The controversial self-proclaimed presidential candidate appeared on the Russia Today television programme Keiser Report to reveal their solution for dealing with the economic crisis saying the banks should repay the money the U.S. government bailed them out with in 2008 .
They also said that if they were president , they would bring back the guillotine as a form of punishment .
Solution : Roseanne Barr said bankers who do n't pay back the money they owe should be beheaded
They said : 'Part of my platform is , of course , the guilty must be punished and that we no longer let our children see their guilty leaders getting away with murder .
'Because it teaches children , you know , that they do n't have to have any morals as long as they have guns and are bullies and I do n't think that 's a good message .
OTHER MEMORABLE ROSEANNE QUOTES
'My hope is that gays will be running the world , because then there would be no war . Just a greater emphasis on military apparel . '
'This producer was a woman , a type I became acquainted with at the beginning of my stand-up career in Denver . I cared little for them : blondes in high heels who were so anxious to reach the professional level of the men they worshipped , fawned over , served , built up , and flattered that they would stab other women in the back . They are the ultimate weapon used by men against actual feminists who try to work in media , and they are never friends to other women , you can trust me on that . ' ' I hate the entire diet industry . It 's a bazillion dollar a year scam that uses fat people as lab rats and Guinea Pigs in cahoots with big drug companies that know that fat people will take anything if you tell them it 's going to make them loose weight . '
'Marie Osmond 's poor gay son killed himself . They had been told how wrong and how sick they were every day of their life by their church and the people in it . Calling that `` depression '' is a lie ! Yet the Osmonds still talk lovingly about their church , saying nothing about its extremely anti-gay crusade . '
' I do say that I am in favour of the return of the guillotine and that is for the worst of the worst of the guilty .
' I first would allow the guilty bankers to pay , you know , the ability to pay back anything over $ 100 million [ of ] personal wealth because I believe in a maximum wage of $ 100 million .
'And if they are unable to live on that amount of that amount then they should , you know , go to the re-education camps and if that does n't help , then being beheaded . '
The actor-turned-author is one of several celebrities who came out to support the hundreds of protesters camped out in lower Manhattan for the 'Occupy Wall Street ' demonstration .
Susan Sarandon and Michael Moore also lent their support to the campaigners .
In August , Roseanne announced their candidacy for president under the 'Green Tea Party ' and said they would also be running for Prime Minister of Israel .
The 58-year-old has come under fire in the past for some outspoken and controversial comments they made on their website or on TV .
In March 2010 , they hit out at Mormons and claimed that Marie Osmond 's son killed themselves because they were gay .
The week after Michael Blosil , 18 , jumped from their Los Angeles apartment to their death , they wrote : 'Marie Osmond 's poor gay son killed himself . They had been told how wrong and how sick they were every day of their life by their church and the people in it . Calling that `` depression '' is a lie !
'Yet the Osmonds still talk lovingly about their church , saying nothing about its extremely anti-gay crusade . '
Hit out : Roseanne said Marie Osmond 's son killed themselves because they were made feel ashamed of being gay by Mormons
In March of this year they sought a restraining order against their neighbours claiming they had killed their pet goats .
They alleged that the couple living next to their macadamia nut farm on Hawaii 's Big Island slaughtered the animals as part of a campaign of intimidation against them
Roseanne also alleged that the couple have guns , that they often harass them and that they have threatened their personal safety .
They are currently starring in a reality show surrounding their life as a macadamia nut farmer .
Female corporate directors make better decisions on complex issues than men , raising questions about whether boards are doing a disservice to investors when they include no women , a new study argues .
A review of decision-making processes used by 624 Canadian corporate directors found women scored higher on average on sophisticated `` complex moral reasoning '' skills , which suggests they make better decisions on complicated matters .
The findings mean boards `` may actually be shortchanging their investors '' if they have no women around the table , says study co-author Chris Bart , a business professor at McMaster University in Hamilton .
Story continues below advertisement
`` There 's no good reason why women should n't be represented on a board at the same level [ as men ] , '' Prof. Bart said in an interview .
`` You may in fact be derelict in your duties as directors by depriving your shareholders of board members who innately appear to have superior decision-making capabilities . So what reason would you have for keeping female representation at such a low level ? ''
Women account for 10 per cent of directors on boards of publicly traded Canadian companies , according to women 's advocacy group Catalyst , and that percentage has barely shifted for years . Catalyst and other groups have done research in recent years arguing companies with more women on their boards have better financial results , although the researchers say it is hard to know whether female directors cause the better returns .
Prof. Bart says their research suggests there could be a logical connection to better corporate performance if women make better decisions on complex matters .
Despite their ability , they argue the ongoing shortage of women on boards is not due to a shortage of women in top ranks , but is actually caused by a reluctance by some men to hire women because they have a more challenging decision-making style and are less deferential to tradition or defined power structures .
`` Men are pack animals and they are highly deferential to power structures .... A woman comes on a board , and they says ' I understand tradition and the way you 've always done things , but let 's look at it differently , and why are we doing it the same way we 've always done it for 50 years , ' '' they suggest .
Prof. Bart and research partner Gregory McQueen of A.T. Stills University in Arizona examined test results from directors who participated in the Directors College training course for corporate directors in Canada and completed a decades-old standardized test known as the Defined Issues Test , which measures how people make decisions on complex matters .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The good news for investors is that both male and female directors did well on the test , which means directors on average are good decision-makers . But women proved better on average at applying `` complex moral reasoning '' factors in decision-making , which involves considering viewpoints of multiple groups , using co-operative and consensus-building approaches and applying decisions in a consistent and non-arbitrary fashion .
A greater proportion of men , by comparison , relied more on making decisions based on rules , regulations , or traditional ways of doing business or getting along , according to the findings , which have been published in the International Journal of Business Governance and Ethics .
Prof. Bart suggests the differences may be `` genetically driven , '' and women may simply be wired to have better social co-operation and consensus-building skills .
`` That skill is inbred in women much more so than it is in men . When it comes to making decisions at the board level , you need this level of inquisitiveness , you need this ability to see more possibilities and alternatives to make a decision that 's judged to be more fair and consistent over time . And women seem to have this innate ability . ''
The man who gained a reputation for cracking down on protests as police chief in Miami and Philadelphia is now bringing their controversial talents to Bahrain – for better or worse
A controversial US police chief has been hired by the government of Bahrain to train and reform the nation 's security forces .
John Timoney spent nearly three decades with the New York City police department before serving as head of police in Philadelphia and Miami . He 's been hired – along with former assistant commissioner of Britain 's Metropolitan Police , John Yates – to reform Bahrain 's security forces . The two were brought on after a report was published detailing the torture and death of prisoners held by Bahraini authorities .
Timoney 's supporters view them as a tough , smart cop with a record for turning failing police departments around and controlling mass demonstrations . In effect , they argue , he 's the perfect candidate to improve Bahrain 's security forces , which have been linked to the killing , torture and flagrant suppression of dissident protesters .
The chief 's critics , however , say Timoney 's handling of protests and gatherings in each of the cities he 's served in are wrought with examples of police abuse , illegal infiltration tactics , fear-mongering and a blatant disregard for freedom of expression .
News of Timoney 's appointment in Bahrain first broke in December . In an interview with NPR , Timoney was asked whether the people of Bahrain have a right to protest .
`` On a daily basis , they absolutely have the right to protest , to demonstrate , '' Timoney explained . `` Here 's where the problem comes in . It 's a small city . It reminds me more of lower Manhattan than the rest of Manhattan , where you 've got these narrow streets . ''
They warned of the dangers of unauthorized marches impacting traffic .
`` When you saw Occupy Wall Street , when people begin to engage in unauthorized marches that begin to cripple traffic and emergency vehicles , '' Timoney said . `` There 's a reason why you have to go to the police department . It 's not that they say , yea or nay regarding your right to speech , but can this be handled that it does n't dramatically and drastically impact the rest of society ? ''
One day later , Bahrain 's ministry of interior picked up on Timoney 's traffic narrative , tweeting : `` Groups marching from Budaiya Rd to SH Khalifa bin Salman Rd have blocked traffic . Police are dealing with the situation . ''
Timoney went on to tell NPR that , of the protests they had so far witnessed in Bahrain , police had given protesters `` proper notice '' and kept a distance between themselves and a crowd .
As recently as Tuesday , the one year anniversary of Bahrain 's uprising , protesters were clashing with police in the nation 's streets . According to the BBC , `` a massive police and army presence '' was in effect in the capital city of Manama , leading to a largely quiet scene . In the outskirts of the capital , however , police reportedly shot tear gas and rubber bullets at demonstrators , who responded by tossing petrol bombs and stones at the authorities . A doctor who spoke to the BBC said the security approach in their country had become `` more severe '' since last year .
Bahraini security forces in Manama during clashes with protesters . Photograph : Mazen Mahdi/EPA
The use of tear gas has been a particularly contentious issue in Bahrain 's protest crackdowns . According to Amnesty International , Bahraini human rights groups have reported at least 13 deaths resulting from the use of tear gas since the protests began last year . At least three of those deaths occurred after Timoney was hired , and include Salma Mohsin Abbas , 81 , and Yaseen Al Asfoor , 14 , who reportedly died after canisters were set off in their homes . Sayyed Hashem Saeed , 15 , meanwhile , died on December 31 after being hit with a canister at close range .
While it is unclear whether Timoney has advised Bahraini authorities in their use of tear gas , their reliance on the tactic – as well as other less-lethal implements – was on full display during the end of their policing career in the United States .
Timoney 's first notable involvement in a large scale clash between the police and the public occurred in 1988 , when they were a deputy commissioner of the NYPD and led the response to the so-called Tompkins Square Park riot . The incident resulted in 121 complaints of police misconduct and helped launch Timoney 's reputation as an officer who could deal with large crowds . That same year they were brought on as commissioner of the Philadelphia police department .
As commissioner in Philadelphia , Timoney presided over the arrests of more than 380 protesters at the 2000 Republican National Convention . At the time , the ACLU 's Philadelphia chapter denounced Timoney 's department for collaborating with the state police to infiltrate and spy on protest groups , in violation of a mayoral decree . Before the protests began Timoney 's officers conducted raids of warehouses and spaces where activists where constructing puppets and banners for the demonstrations . That same year Esquire magazine called Chief Timoney America 's `` best cop '' and praised their rough and tumble attitude , as well as their commitment to protecting the public .
John Sellers was in Philadelphia at the time . While they had trained activists during the days leading up to the convention , Sellers says they were in Philadelphia as an `` observer '' and was `` in no way involved with the actual protests '' .
That did n't stop the police from arresting them on 13 misdemeanor charges , including `` possession of an implement of crime . '' In this case the `` implement '' was their cellphone . Their bail was set at an unparalleled $ 1m . At least two other demonstrators had bails set at $ 500,000 .
`` The Philadelphia police were very aggressive . They operated covertly and went undercover , posing as protesters and posing as ordinary people who were upset with the Republican agenda , '' Sellers told the Guardian .
In Philadelphia Timoney 's officers favored a hands-on approach to managing demonstrators . Sellers explained , `` It was much more of an up close and personal , beat-you-down kind of violence in the streets . Cops were smashing people with bicycles and nightsticks . ''
Kris Hermes was part of the legal support team in Philadelphia during the RNC in 2000 . They later joined the legal collective that worked with activists in Miami when Timoney cracked down on the Free Trade Area of the Americas summit in November 2003 . They are currently writing a book about the years they spent providing legal support work for the hundreds of cases that resulted from Timoney 's legacy in Philadelphia . Hermes has tracked the shifts in Timoney 's career and their impact on police tactics .
`` I think Philadelphia represented the beginning of a shift in policing in the United States and I think Timoney was responsible for that . And what they learned in Philadelphia they took to Miami and expanded on it , '' Hermes told the Guardian .
`` It was n't until Miami that there was really a whole panoply of weaponry that was used against protesters , '' Hermes added .
When Timoney took on the role of Miami 's police chief in December 2002 , their methods for dealing with mass demonstrations had evolved to include the use of pepper spray , rubber bullets , bean bag rounds , Tasers , electrified shields and batons . The tactics were on full display during the Free Trade Area of the Americas summit protest .
The documentary The Miami Model depicts several scenes in which police in riot gear are seen shooting non-violent demonstrators with `` less-lethal '' rounds , hitting protesters with fists and batons and using Tasers extensively . The film-makers also interviewed several anonymous local residents who say the police encouraged them to rob legal observers and people involved in the protests .
One Florida judge on the ground during the crackdown said in open court that they had personally witnessed at least 20 felonies committed by police officers under Timoney 's command . The ACLU received 150 complaints of police abuse and filed over a half dozen lawsuits on behalf of protesters in federal court .
Before and during the protests in Miami Timoney made a concerted effort to control the narrative , both in the media and in the community . Under Timoney , police reportedly used photos from the the 1999 WTO protests in Seattle to influence local business owners .
`` There was a big effort in downtown Miami where the protests were set to occur to scare business owners by showing them images of Seattle , as though that was going to happen again , '' Hermes noted . Additionally , officers would arrest activists for gathering in groups larger than seven and for handing out literature detailing their reasons for protesting .
Each day during the Miami protests the police would deploy dozens of `` embedded journalists '' – mostly reporters from mainstream outlets – in flak jackets and helmets with local law enforcement . The reports that were filed often resembled correspondences from Iraq or Afghanistan , and tended to downplay the issues being protested in favor of focusing on police efforts to combat anarchists . The department said it could not guarantee the safety of journalists who did not embed .
Police in Miami during the Free Trade Area of the Americas meetings in 2003 . Photograph : Andrew Gombert/EPA
Indeed , many journalists were hurt and arrested in Miami . Independent film-maker Carl Kessler suffered nerve damage when a bean bag fired by police struck them in the eye . The injury ultimately resulted in a $ 180,000 settlement . Ana Nogueira , a reporter with the independent news program Democracy Now ! , was arrested and forced to strip naked in front of male police officers because their clothing was soaked in pepper spray .
Despite the numerous criticisms , Howard Simon , executive director of the ACLU in Florida , is quick to point out that Chief Timoney oversaw significant improvements in the culture of the Miami police department .
`` I think they were probably one of the most professional , competent and experienced police chiefs the city of Miami ever had , '' Simon told the Guardian .
Timoney arrived to Miami when the department was in a `` state of crisis '' , Simon explained . At the time a dozen Miami police officers had been federally indicted in the shootings of multiple unarmed , young African American men . Simon recalled a period of `` about 22 months '' following Timoney 's arrival in which there was not a single incident of a police officer discharging their or their weapon .
`` He changed the culture from the top down in the Miami police department , '' Simon pointed out . `` And then they left and , lo and behold , there were seven killings within a period of seven months . ''
Still , Simon acknowledges that their organization filed no less than seven lawsuits against Timoney and their department for `` the squelching of first amendment rights during the 2003 Free Trade Area of America agreement meetings that took place in Miami . ''
`` He had a difficult job of trying to balance both the needs of safety and the need to protect constitutional rights , and I think in that respect in November of 2003 they failed , '' Simon said . `` In an honest moment I would like to think that they acknowledge that . It got away from him . ''
Hermes believes Timoney 's perceived success in certain areas of law enforcement does not absolve them of their history in handling mass demonstrations , `` Even if their record was good outside of the context of political protests , definitely within the context of political protests they are abysmal . ''
Hermes describes Timoney 's appointment in Bahrain as `` extremely unsettling '' .
`` I 'm concerned for the people of Bahrain with Timoney directing how police there are controlling crowds , '' Hermes added . `` I think their reputation , unfortunately , gives them a lot more credence than they deserve . ''
The hip pocket must be where road pricing reform commences .
The call for a congestion charge is getting louder and more frequent in many countries , as major metropolitan areas experience increasing levels of road congestion . This is often accompanied by a recognition that governments need to find new sources of revenue to maintain existing road networks and to invest in new transport infrastructure .
Reform of road pricing is almost certain to occur at some time in the future . But a key challenge is in selling the idea to the community of road users , as well as a whole raft of interest groups that influence the views of society and politicians .
Simply announcing a need for a congestion charge ( often misleadingly called a tax ) does little to progress the reform agenda . We need a carefully structured demonstration of what might be done to introduce adjustments in road user charges that both reduce the costs to motorists , while ensuring no loss of revenue to government .
The Plan
My colleagues ( Professors Bliemer and Mulley ) and I suggest that this can be achieved by lowering vehicle registration fees together with a distance-based charging regime . Such a package can deliver financial gains to motorists with potential for revenue growth to the State Treasury of Sydney .
This reform package is predicted to result in changes to total annual kilometres of travel ( especially in the peak ) , and flow through gains in travel time that would reduce traffic congestion . In Sydney , this would be a 4.7 % reduction in peak kilometres driven .
We see this as an essential first stage in gaining community support for road pricing reform . Proof of cost reductions associated with improvements in traffic congestion can then be used to continue the reform process .
This road pricing reform plan would require drivers to purchase an on-board unit ( approximately $ 50 one-off cost ) , that will record the kilometres by time of day . The off-peak kilometres are not charged , but peak kilometres will be charged at the agreed rate .
This scenario implies that if a unit is not installed , all kilometres will be charged as peak kilometres . So there is an incentive to install a meter ( with the expectation that all motorists will do so ) , just like households have had with off-peak electricity meters or with water meters when they were first introduced .
State Records NSW
Modelling the change
To establish the financial implications of alternative combinations of a peak period distance-based charge and discounted annual registration fees , we have modelled different options for areas within Sydney .
The key inputs , for each area in Sydney and status quo ( before situation ) are :
The mean annual kilometres
The proportion of kilometres in the peak periods ( AM and PM )
The average daily cost per driver ( comprising fuel and tolls , distinguished by peak and off peak periods )
Annual registration fees
Mean direct elasticities of peak and off peak kilometres with respect to usage costs
For the reform scenarios , we considered a distance-based charge varying from 2 cents/km to 10 cents/km in the peak . We also allowed annual registration fees to vary from 30 % to 75 % of the current annual fee .
The system calculates the current total costs and kilometres for all drivers and revenue to State Treasury , distinguishing outlays and receipts for the peak and off peak periods .
Baloozer/Flickr
We then introduce the range of peak-period distance-based charges and discounted registration fees , and calculate the combination of these two cost outlays for motorists . We found that each option results in both a reduced mean cost to motorists and no loss in revenue to State Treasury .
We also expected to obtain different distance-based charging levels for a given discount on the registration fee , and indeed that is what happened . The range is 3 to 8 cents/km . Taking the lowest value would ensure net gains to each motorist , but would result in the loss of neutrality ( or better ) to Treasury revenue .
But placing different charges on motorists over the metropolitan area would raise clear concerns from many perspectives , including the political ramifications . A preferred solution is to take a system wide approach . That is , to identify a single distance-based charge , given a discounted registration fee , that achieves the required financial outcomes for drivers and State Treasury .
The selected peak period charge is 5 cents/km with a discounted registration fee of $ 185 , slightly greater than a 50 % reduction .
On average , a driver saves $ 9 per annum and Treasury gains $ 32 per driver per annum . These are extremely low amounts per driver , but they translate into sizable financial gains to all drivers and to State Treasury .
No matter where you 've sat in the organizational hierarchy over your career , you 're likely to have had at least one boss who took credit for others ' work , made decisions without considering their impact , and focused mainly on their or their own image rather than the good of the team .
But is there any time where narcissists might actually make ideal leaders ?
A newly published study provides some answers to that question . Researchers aggregated a variety of studies on the subject , and found that while narcissists are more likely to garner leadership positions , there was no evidence of a link between narcissism and a leader 's success .
More specifically , the study found that the poorest leaders are those with either extremely high or extremely low levels of narcissism .
“ Our findings are pretty clear that the answer to the question as to whether narcissism is good or bad is that it is neither . It 's best in moderation , ” said psychological researcher Emily Grijalva of the University of Illinois , the lead author of the study . “ With too little , a leader can be viewed as insecure or hesitant , but if you 're too high on narcissism , you can be exploitative or tyrannical . ”
Peter Harms , assistant professor of management at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln and a co-author of the study , said those with moderate levels of narcissism have achieved “ a nice balance between having sufficient levels of self-confidence , but do not manifest the negative , antisocial aspects of narcissism that involve putting others down to feel good about themselves . ”
Harms , who has conducted extensive research on maladaptive traits in the workplace , said that the idea that narcissism can be a double-edged sword is not new .
“ ( Narcissists ) are usually very good in short-term situations when meeting people for the first time . But the impression they create quickly falls apart , ” they said . “ You soon realize that they are nowhere as good or as smart as they say they are . ”
Those in charge of hiring or promoting leaders for their organization should proceed with caution , they said .
“ Narcissists are great in interview situations – if you can reduce a leadership contest down to sound bites , you will give them an advantage , ” Harms said . “ But as time goes on , they become increasingly annoying . At the personal level , they can be jerks . At the strategic level , they can take huge gambles because they 're so confident they 're right . They 're either making a fortune or they 're going broke . ”
The researchers said the findings thus far show organizations should be wary of creating hiring and promotion practices that cater to narcissists ' strengths — but they should not assume the very low levels of narcissism make better candidates .
Grijalva said more research is needed to determine if narcissists function better in some leadership situations than others . The risk-taking and persuasiveness of narcissists may make them strong leaders in the midst of chaos , they said , but those traits could create problems in a more stable environment .
The study appears this month in the journal Personnel Psychology . In addition to Grijalva and Harms , it was authored by psychological scientists Daniel A. Newman and R. Chris Fraley of the University of Illinois and Blaine H. Gaddis of Hogan Assessment Systems , a consulting firm specializing in personality assessment for hiring decisions .
The issue is coming to a head as the Patrick administration battles insurers over swiftly escalating rates they have been charging small employers . In February , the governor filed sweeping legislation that proposes to give the Division of Insurance the power to essentially cap health care price increases . That proposal is still pending .
“ Those employers are trying to keep their doors open , and to the extent they can cut expenses , they will cut health insurance because they know their people can go to Commonwealth Care , '' said Mark Gaunya , president of the Massachusetts Association of Health Underwriters , a trade group representing more than 1,000 brokers and other insurance professionals .
But insurance brokers say the pace of terminations has picked up considerably since then among small companies , of which there are thousands in Massachusetts . Many of these companies — restaurants , day-care centers , hair salons , and retail shops — typically pay such low wages that their workers qualify for state-subsidized health insurance when their employers drop their plans .
The Massachusetts Division of Health Care Finance and Policy annually surveys employers and found no significant drop in coverage as of the end of 2009 , when more than three-quarters of companies offered health insurance .
State officials said they have not seen convincing evidence that there is a trend . There has not been an unusually large spike in enrollment in Commonwealth Care , the subsidized insurance program , according to spokesperson Richard Powers . And in any case , Dr. JudyAnn Bigby , secretary of health and human services , said the administration budgeted for higher health care spending because it anticipated that there would be growing numbers of long-term unemployed residents who would be signing up for coverage .
Precisely how many small businesses have recently given up offering insurance is hard to pinpoint . The Office of Labor and Workforce Development said the most recent quarterly insurance data collected from small companies has not been compiled .
“ They are giving up out of frustration , '' Fields said of the employers . “ Most of them are very compassionate but they simply ca n't afford health insurance any more . ''
In Sandwich , business consultant Bill Fields said they have been hired by small businesses to enroll about 400 workers in state-subsidized care since April , because the company owners said they could no longer afford to provide coverage . Fields said that is by far the largest number they have handled in such a short time .
Since April 1 , the date many insurance contracts are renewed for small businesses , the owners of about 90 small companies terminated their insurance plans with Braintree-based broker Jeff Rich and indicated in a follow-up survey that they were relying on publicly-funded insurance for their employees .
The relentlessly rising cost of health insurance is prompting some small Massachusetts companies to drop coverage for their workers and encourage them to sign up for state-subsidized care instead , a trend that , some analysts say , could eventually weigh heavily on the state 's already-stressed budget .
And on April 1 , exercising authority the administration had never before used , the division denied 235 of 274 increases proposed by insurers for plans covering individuals and small businesses — base premiums would have increased as much as 32 percent . On July 1 , it again held 137 proposed increases to 2009 rates .
The sides have been locked in negotiations for months , with the Patrick administration recently reaching agreement with two insurance carriers on lower rates .
“ The Patrick-Murray Administration has taken decisive action to provide small businesses and working families with immediate relief from skyrocketing health insurance premiums , '' the governor 's press secretary , Juan Martinez , said in a statement . They declined to directly address whether small businesses are increasingly dropping health coverage and directing their workers to subsidized care .
But analysts said the burden of double-digit insurance increases shouldered by small businesses over the last several years is likely to become more of a public problem .
“ The more the employer insurance system unravels , the higher the cost is going to be for the state in providing subsidies to low income workers , '' said Larry Levitt , vice president of the Kaiser Family Foundation , a California-based think tank . “ From a state finance perspective , stabilizing employer insurance is definitely important . ''
The state 's landmark 2006 health insurance overhaul included regulations designed to discourage low-wage employees from opting for state health insurance over their companies ' often more pricey coverage . It denied eligibility to any one whose employer had offered them or their coverage in the past six months and paid at least 33 percent toward the individual 's plan .
Most health care advocates and brokers had widely interpreted that to include even workers whose companies had dropped coverage . But recently , some companies that have terminated their group plans have tested those waters and found that their employees were accepted for state-subsidized coverage .
Additionally , company owners say , it has become far cheaper to pay the state penalty for not covering their workers — roughly $ 295 annually per employee — than to pay thousands more in premiums .
In New Bedford , the Early Learning Child Care center is now paying $ 1,500 quarterly in fines to the state , instead of the $ 30,000 it contributed quarterly toward 13 workers ' health insurance premiums . When Executive Director Judy Knox terminated the company 's health plan late last year , they asked Fields , the consultant , to help 10 of those workers enroll in Commonwealth Care . The other three went on spouses ' plans or were eligible for Medicare .
“ We had had , in the three previous years , between 17 and 18 percent increases every year , '' Knox said . “ I was so worried about the staff and their coverage , but for most of them , Commonwealth Care seems to be working out very well . '' The state program covers people with incomes up to 300 percent of the federal poverty level .
Come 2014 , when the bulk of the federal health care law goes into effect , the penalties for small companies that do not provide health insurance coverage will be less onerous than those in Massachusetts . That could tempt more small companies to opt out nationally , sending more workers to the public rolls — if health care costs ca n't be restrained , some analysts said .
“ Struggling business do n't necessarily feel the need to offer coverage to attract workers , '' said Kaiser 's Levitt .
Massachusetts has not decided whether to adopt the federal rules for small businesses .
The federal law does not impose any penalty on companies with fewer than 50 employees that do not offer coverage , whereas in Massachusetts , employers with more than the equivalent of 11 full-time employees face fines for not offering a health plan and contributing at least 20 percent toward that coverage . But for companies with more than 50 workers , the federal law comes down a lot harder than does the state law .
Kay Lazar can be reached at klazar @ globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
A sharply divided House approved a Republican plan Wednesday to launch a campaign-season lawsuit against President Barack Obama , accusing them of exceeding the bounds of their constitutional authority . Obama and other Democrats derided the effort as a stunt aimed at tossing political red meat to conservative voters .
Just a day before lawmakers were to begin a five-week summer recess , debate over the proposed lawsuit underscored the harshly partisan tone that has dominated the current Congress almost from its start in January 2013 .
The vote to sue Obama was 225 to 201 . Five conservative Republicans voted with Democrats in opposing the lawsuit . No Democrats voted for it .
The planned lawsuit is expected to generate months of bitter campaign rhetoric from both Republicans and Democrats ahead of November elections that will determine the political control of Congress next year .
The suit is expected to claim that Obama , a Democrat , exceeded their executive authority in making unilateral changes to the Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare .
Republicans argue that by delaying some health care coverage mandates and granting various waivers , they bypassed Congress in violation of the U.S. Constitution .
Republicans have complained about other unilateral actions that Obama has taken to advance their agenda , from executive orders on immigration policy to same-sex partner benefits .
`` Are you willing to let any president choose what laws to execute and what laws to change ? '' asked House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio .
The Republicans also scoffed at Democratic claims that the lawsuit would be a waste of taxpayers ' money .
`` What price do you place on the continuation of our system of checks and balances ? What price do you put on the Constitution of the United States ? '' said Rep. Candice Miller of Michigan . `` My answer to each is ` priceless . ' ''
Democrats have slammed the lawsuit effort as a politically motivated waste of taxpayer resources .
Congressional lawsuits against presidents are rare . In 2008 , a federal judge backed a suit by Democrats who then controlled the House and were trying to force the administration of then-President George W. Bush to honor House subpoenas of senior White House officials . Though the House won the first round in court , that decision was under appeal when a settlement was reached and the lawsuit was dropped .
On Wednesday , neither side wasted time in using the fight to mine campaign contributions and line up support for their candidates .
House Democrats emailed one fundraising solicitation as debate was underway and another moments after the vote , with one saying , `` The GOP is chomping at the bit to impeach the president . ''
Boehner , however , has said they have no such plans and has called Democratic impeachment talk a `` scam '' to raise money .
The Republican Party also went to work . An email called the House vote a `` huge step '' in curbing Obama and added , `` Contribute right now to end Obama 's executive overreach by expanding our Republican majority in the House and gaining a majority in the Senate . ''
On the road in Kansas City , Missouri , Obama cast the lawsuit as a `` political stunt '' and a distraction from the public 's priorities .
`` Every vote they 're taking like that means a vote they 're not taking to actually help you , '' they told their audience . They urged Republicans to `` stop just hating all the time . ''
By suing Obama to demand that they carry out specific provisions of the 2010 health care overhaul , House Republicans would be asking the courts to hold them to the letter of a law that they all opposed and that the House has voted over 50 times to dismantle .
Timothy K. Lewis , a former judge in the 3rd U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals who was nominated by former President George H.W . Bush , said that with appeals , it would take at least one-and-a-half to two years for the suit to wind through the federal judicial system .
Obama is currently set to leave office in January 2017 .
Wire services
Kicking down doors is high risk in the fight against terrorism because insurgents are likely to rig trap doors , tunnels or entryways with lethal explosives , officials say .
The Explosive Ordnance Disposal Flight of the 96th Civil Engineer Group , the largest and busiest of all the service 's EOD units , gave Military.com a glimpse into its standard training center during a recent tour at Eglin Air Force Base , Florida .
EOD techs may soon use lasers to dispose of explosive devices , said Chief Master Sgt . Christopher Schott , superintendent of Eglin 's 96th Civil Engineer Group .
`` The next step in our technology -- that 's actually been proven , and we 're just maturing it now -- is lasers , '' Schott said during a Nov. 17 interview .
`` The problem of why it took so long to mature is the amount of wattage needed in a laser to disrupt an ordnance item causes so much heat , it required too much air conditioning , '' they said . `` But they 've got it down small enough now where the laser will disrupt an ordnance item and not require so much cooling . ''
The first place technicians intend to test it is during an air base recovery mode mission exercise , Schott said .
RELATED : Bomb Technicians Face Higher Risk in Iraq , Syria : Commander
The plan is to position the lasers `` on top of an MRAP , '' or Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle , they said .
`` We 're finalizing the self-target part of [ the lasers ] where you do n't have to zoom in and target each [ IED ] , but [ that ] it will do that kind of for you , '' Schott said . `` The longest part is burning through the ordnance , and the idea is to burn through the outer case of it , and get the inside to not detonate , but to burn out . ''
Robots , Biowarfare
The Air Force announced in May it 's working with RE2 Robotics , which is developing a robotics system to inspect airfields for unexploded improvised explosive devices , or IEDs , under the service 's rapid airfield damage repair program . RE2 told Air Force Times at the time that a future development would be for the robot to use lasers .
EOD airmen train constantly with robots , their associated controls , demolition tools , vests , helmets and bomb suits in the teams ' less-fortified , stateside standby trailer .
RELATED : Air Force Bomb Squad to Protect Trump 's Florida Mansion
Robots have only `` just begun '' to advance , made smaller to fit through doorways and climb stairs -- something EOD techs have wanted for quite some time , officials said .
But now that these advancements are here , the technological enhancements , especially for combat robots , have gone through the roof , `` especially with portability , '' said Staff Sgt . Ryan Hoagland , 96th EOD Flight craftsman .
`` We train with this as it would be in the real world , '' Hoagland said . `` Deployed overseas , we generally have a different robot , and we work out of a much more armored vehicle . ''
Hoagland recalled deploying to Afghanistan , where they walked 150 miles with a portable robot on their back . The robot kept their team lead from having to work on an improvised explosive device manually , they said , “ which is much more dangerous . ”
The robots are still controlled `` 99 percent of the time '' by an operator , Hoagland said .
And it will likely stay that way , Schott added , because there will always be too many variables in a live-action bomb disposal .
`` We also have contingencies for weapons of mass destruction , and radiological or biological threats , '' Hoagland said .
EOD teams train twice a year to react to the lethal , banned warfare , but have no plans to increase training despite reports the Islamic State has used mustard gas agents against civilians and coalition troops in Syria in recent months , they said .
`` It does n't seem to be a large concern of ours right now , '' Hoagland said .
`` Being part of the test mission here has presented some unique challenges , '' Hoagland said . `` We develop new procedures that get passed out to … all of the EOD career fields , whether it 's Air Force , Army , Navy or Marines . ''
Bombing Ranges
Unexpected projects also keep the EOD techs busy .
In October , teams used large remote control excavators to hunt for an unexploded bomb on one of the Air Force 's many Florida testing ranges , Hoagland said .
Three out of 12 bombs dropped during exercises did n't detonate , they said .
The team made it down roughly 60 feet , but Hoagland assured it is `` down there . ''
Prime Minister of Sweden Stefan Loefven during a press conference at the Rosenbad government office in Stockholm on October 27 , 2014 ( AFP Photo/Jonathan Nackstrand )
Stockholm ( AFP ) - Sweden 's left-wing government said Tuesday it wants to scrap the country 's budget-surplus target , aiming to axe a policy that critics consider outdated .
The goal -- to maintain a surplus of 1.0 percent of GDP over each business cycle -- was introduced by social-democrats in 1997 to offset the future burden of an aging population .
After Sweden earned a reputation of solid fiscal management , the ruling coalition said it was time to reconsider the surplus target .
`` The idea was never that the public sector should run a budget surplus for eternity , '' Prime Minister Stefan Loefven and Finance Minister Magdalena Andersson wrote in the daily Dagens Nyheter .
They ordered a financial authority to consider a target of balancing the budget and other alternatives .
`` In the long-term room will be cleared to make needed public investments in infrastructure , housing , adaptation to climate change , research and education , '' they added .
Andersson , who entered office in October , had accused their centre-right predecessor of leaving the public coffers empty after tax cuts , preventing new public investments .
The surplus goal `` played an important role for many years . It does n't any more , '' economist Klas Eklund at SEB bank told AFP .
`` The world looks different from when it was introduced . Then we had large public debt . Now it is among Europe 's lowest , '' they added .
Some in the centre-right opposition however called for fiscal conservatism .
`` It 's a bad idea to change foot and abandon the surplus target , '' the conservative Moderate Party 's economic spokesperson Ulf Kristersson told news agency TT . `` I think one should be very cautious and not abandon the idea that a surplus if better than a deficit . ''
The growth of Sweden 's gross domestic product -- forecast by the central bank at 2.7 percent for 2015 -- and low interest rates will enable its public debt to drop by 0.5 percentage points this year to 41.1 percent , according to government forecasts .
cityscape Saying Goodbye to the Brunny ( With My Dad )
The Brunswick House held one last hurrah before closing—but we totally missed it .
The Brunswick House is not the type of place you go for an evening hangout with your dad . On most nights , it reeks of Axe Body Spray and nostalgia , bros fist bumping one another over trays of beer .
But last night , the Brunny ( as it is so affectionately dubbed by city regulars ) held its last last call . And my father , who was once a Brunny bro during their time at the University of Toronto in the 80s , was the only person with whom I could adequately visit this iconic Toronto landmark .
The Brunswick House first opened as a hotel in the 1870s . Despite its history and proximity to my favourite brunch location , I had never been . It always seemed a bit mysterious with its high , dark windows , and the only glimpse I 'd ever really had been when patrons would open the side door as they went to stand in the little fenced-in smoking pen .
So , on the Brunny 's final day , my dad and I made one last journey there together—him in their old U of T jacket , with a backpack full of potato salad and beer , on their way to a friend 's house for dinner , and me , armed with low expectations .
On the walk over , they shared some of the lore from their days at the Brunny .
“ Small dude from small town USA , this was kind of a funky , cool place , ” they say . “ And you got blitzed . Because you had to order giant trays of beer . And it was cheap . It was so cheap . ”
They also remember the trays of sandwiches they would provide to patrons to soak up the booze . That is , if you had n't picked up a schnitzel “ the size of a cow ” from some place across the street . The sandwiches—egg salad , as they recall—were only edible after a few drinks .
According to him , the Brunny 's “ floors were sticky , the tables were sticky , ” and nights , after polishing off a few trays of beer , often ended up blurry .
Despite the textured memories , Dad says they wo n't miss the place much . They have n't been back in over 20 years , and in that time it has changed ownership and become more clublike than the beer hall they used to visit . Besides , they have better memories in other bars—some of which are also dearly departed—where they had better conversations and better beers . After graduating from U of T , they also graduated to better drinking establishments .
Around 6 p.m. , we arrived at the Brunny to the sound of a band playing outside and patrons dancing with the umbrellas . Just as we walked up , the crowd dispersed and musicians in little hats drifted away .
We tried to open the door , but it was already locked .
“ You missed it , ” a man on the street corner said . ( Talk about an early last call . )
We instead hung out with our new friend , a man on the street corner . They are , supposedly , a regular at the Brunny . They say that they 're going to let the old-timers have one last drink later in the week . “ Do n't know why though , ” they added . They told us some jokes , and mused about the future of the old drinking hole . He 's heard the rumours that it will become a pharmacy . “ That 's bullshit , ” they have decided . “ It 's too small . ”
In the end , they do n't seem that sad about the place closing either .
I never got a chance to see inside , and my dad did n't get to say goodbye , but we still shared a laugh—although not a tray of beers—with a local .
“ That 's the Brunny , ” Dad said as we walked away .
CONWAY — Cursive used to be as common as math , science and English in classrooms across the nation , but beginning next year it may become a thing of the past with the implementation of Common Core Standards , which do not include instruction in cursive handwriting .
The curlicue letters of cursive handwriting , once considered a mainstay of American elementary education , have been slowly disappearing from classrooms for years . Now , with most states adopting new national standards that do n't require such instruction , cursive could soon be eliminated from most public schools .
Since 2010 , 45 states — including New Hampshire — have adopted the Common Core standards , which do not require cursive instruction but leave it up to the individual states and districts to decide whether they want to teach it . A report the same year by the Miami-Dade public school system found that cursive instruction has been slowly declining nationwide since the 1970s .
`` The Common Core State Standards allow communities and teachers to make decisions at the local level about to teach reading and writing , so they can teach cursive if they think it 's what their students need , '' said Kate Dando , a spokesperson for the Council of Chief State School Officers , which promotes the Common Core . `` The standards define the learning targets that need to be met to ensure students graduate from high school prepared for success in college and careers . The decision to include cursive when teaching writing is left to states , districts , schools and teachers . ''
It is unclear whether local schools will opt to offer cursive instruction , or to what extent .
According to the New Hampshire Department of Education , the Common Core State Standards ( CCSS ) initiative is `` a state-led effort that included math , reading , and curriculum specialists , in partnership with the National Governors Association and the Council of Chief State School Officers . The purpose was to establish a single set of clear educational expectations for English language arts/literacy and mathematics that states can share and voluntarily adopt . New Hampshire has embedded the standards from this initiative into our College and Career Ready Standards . The State Board of Education adopted the new standards for English language arts/literacy and mathematics at their July 8 , 2010 meeting , committing to a thoughtful , orderly transition process for implementation and assessment to ensure that all New Hampshire students experience a successful and productive future . ''
The goal of the standards is to develop uniform education standards that spell out what students in kindergarten through 12th grade are taught so they can be competitive in the global economy . States can supplement the national rules with state standards .
The national standards do n't require children to learn how to read and write in cursive . They do , however , require that by the end of fourth grade , students demonstrate sufficient command of keyboarding skills to complete a one-page writing assignment .
The requirement is found in the literacy standards for English Language Arts for fourth graders in a section that spells out standards for writing : `` With some guidance and support from adults , use technology , including the Internet , to produce and publish writing as well as to interact and collaborate with others ; demonstrate sufficient command of keyboarding skills to type a minimum of one page in a single sitting . ''
The Common Core Standards do n't preclude teaching cursive writing . But as more time is devoted to mastering skills mandated by the standards , penmanship is dropped or less time is spent on it .
States and districts are grappling with whether to teach this skill . Last month North Carolina passed a bill making cursive part of the school curriculum , joining California , Georgia and Massachusetts who also added a cursive requirement to the national standards . Some states , including Indiana and Hawaii , dropped cursive from their curricula in favor of keyboard proficiency as early as 2011 .
According to Wikipedia , on the 2006 SAT , a United States post-secondary education entrance exam , only 15 percent of the students wrote their essay answers in cursive .
• In a 2007 survey of 200 teachers of first through third grades in all 50 American states , 90 percent of respondents said their schools required the teaching of cursive .
• A 2008 nationwide survey found elementary school teachers lacking formal training in teaching handwriting to students . Only 12 percent of teachers reported having taken a course in how to teach it .
• In 2012 , the states of Indiana and Hawaii announced that their schools will no longer be required to teach cursive ( but will still be permitted to ) , and instead will be required to teach `` keyboard proficiency . '' As of 2011 the same was true of Illinois . Since the nationwide proposal of the Common Core State Standards in 2009 , which do not include instruction in cursive , the standards have been adopted by 44 states as of July 2011 , all of which have debated whether to augment them with cursive .
Many argue that cursive has become obsolete .
For many students , cursive is becoming as foreign as ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics , according to Morgan Polikoff , assistant professor of education at the University of Southern California 's Rossier School of Education . In college lecture halls , more students take notes on laptops and tablet computers than with pens and notepads . Responding to handwritten letters from grandparents in cursive is no longer necessary as they , too , learn how to use email , Facebook and Skype .
`` Cursive should be allowed to die . In fact , it 's already dying , despite having been taught for decades , '' Polikoff told The New York Times this spring . `` Very small proportions of adults use cursive for their day-to-day writing . Much of our communication is done on a keyboard , and the rest is done with print .
`` I think it 's important to have nice handwriting , but the importance of having to learn two kinds of handwriting seems unnecessary given the vast method of communication is on a keyboard , '' they added .
Michael Hairston , president of the Fairfax ( Virginia ) Education Association , the largest teachers ' union in the county , called cursive “ a dying art . ”
“ Cursive writing is a traditional skill that has been replaced with technology , ” Hairston said . “ Educators are having to make choices about what they teach with a limited amount of time and little or no flexibility . Much of their instructional time is consumed with teaching to a standardized test . ”
Hairston said educators , seeking to prepare students for a successful future in which computer and typing skills have usurped penmanship , `` are finding cursive 's relevance waning , especially with leaner school budgets and curricula packed with standardized testing prep . So they 're opting not to teach it anymore . ''
Others claim cursive is important because it 's faster and more efficient than printed writing .
`` It 's not calligraphy . It 's functional , '' Suzanne Asherson of Handwriting Without Tears , a handwriting program for teachers , told the Los Angeles Times . `` When a child knows the mechanics of forming letters in cursive , they can better focus on their content . ''
Handwriting Without Tears advocates a simpler method of cursive writing , minus all the curls , loops and other decorative flourishes .
Asherson wrote an op-ed piece April 30 on the need to maintain cursive in our schools .
`` Putting pen to paper stimulates the brain like nothing else , even in this age of emails , texts and tweets . In fact , learning to write in cursive is shown to improve brain development in the areas of thinking , language and working memory . Cursive handwriting stimulates brain synapses and synchronicity between the left and right hemispheres , something absent from printing and typing .
`` As a result , the physical act of writing in cursive leads to increased comprehension and participation . Interestingly , a few years ago , the College Board found that students who wrote in cursive for the essay portion of the SAT scored slightly higher than those who printed , which experts believe is because the speed and efficiency of writing in cursive allowed the students to focus on the content of their essays .
`` Some argue that cursive is no longer relevant because it is n't included in the Common Core State Standards . But these standards only include those skills that are testable and measurable in the classroom ; they do n't address basic foundation skills , like handwriting or even spelling . That said , the Common Core emphasizes the importance of expository writing to demonstrate understanding of key concepts , and fast , legible handwriting is the technology universally available to students to facilitate content development . Cursive , therefore , is vital to helping students master the standards of written expression and critical thinking , life skills that go well beyond the classroom .
`` With all this said , does cursive need to be fancy with slants , loops and curls ? Absolutely not ! The emphasis should be on simplicity and function when teaching children cursive .
`` Regardless of the age we are in or the technological resources at one 's disposal , success is measured by thought formation , and the speed and efficiency in which it is communicated . Because of this , students need a variety of technologies , including cursive handwriting , to succeed . ''
Runner-Up : Hu Jintao China 's leader depends on both ancient wisdom and communist doctrine as guides to action More »
Runner-Up : David Petraeus The commanding general in Iraq fought America 's most difficult foreign war  and one at home More »
People Who Mattered The defiant monks of Burma became an online sensation . Rupert Murdoch got the newspaper of their dreams . Barry Bonds broke a historic record , while Britney Spears just broke down . Read about them and others who left their mark on 2007 More »
In Tribute Evel Knievel , Norman Mailer , Lady Bird Johnson , Max Roach , Ingmar Bergman , Beverly Sills , Yolanda King , Robert Goulet , Phil Rizzuto and many others left usbut not before making a distinct impression More »
TIME 's Interview with Vladimir Putin At their dacha outside Moscow , the Russian President spoke candidly about corruption , religion and how they think the war in Iraq should end More »
Jan 9 ( Reuters ) - West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin declared a state of emergency for five counties on Thursday following a chemical spill along the Elk River in Charleston , the state 's capital and largest city , according to the governor 's office and local officials .
Health officials are advising residents not to drink , bathe or cook in the water , and only use it for flushing and fire fighting .
Counties affected include Boone , Kanawha and Putnam .
According to a warning to residents posted on the Kanawha-Charleston Health Department website , “ conditions indicate there is a high probability that your water is contaminated , ” although no testing has been done yet .
Local media is reporting the chemical leaked from a tank at Freedom Industries in Charleston , which produces chemicals for mining , cement and steel industries . A representative for Freedom Industries was not immediately available for comment . ( Reporting by Mary Wisniewski . Editing by Andre Grenon )
( By Juan Cole )
In Benghazi on Monday morning , fighting resumed between the “ Libyan National Army ” forces of Col. Khalifa Hifter and fundamentalist extremists . The latter fired rockets at the Benina military airport overnight , but caused no casualties . It was from this base that aircraft were flown on Friday against positions of the fundamentalists , by air force personnel who had joined Haftar 's movement . Gen. Muhammad Hijazi of the “ Libyan National Army ” gave an interview to al-Arabiya in which they maintained that the extremist militias were linked to the Muslim Brotherhood in Benghazi and that the officers were determined to crush both .
Journalists reporting from Libya such as Mary Fitzgerald are saying that Hifter 's move against the extremists is being well received . Even Aljazeera had a guest on who said that if Hifter had n't moved against Ansar al-Sharia , someone else would have , since the string of assassinations and bombings conducted by the extremists in Benghazi is unacceptable to the population .
According to al-Hayat , Hifter 's campaign began with an attack by their forces on the HQ of “ The Ra'fu'llah al-Sahati Brigade ” in the al-Hawari Distict of Benghazi , which had been softened up by artillery barrages . The attack left one of the Brigade members dead and three wounded . The Hifter forces received close air support from a MIG and a helicopter gunship that took off from the Benina Airport in Benghazi . Hifter announced that the operation aimed at “ cleansing ” Benghazi of “ terrorist groups. ” They advised civilians in some areas of the city to flee , which many did .
Late on Friday Hifter withdrew their troops from the city , but said it was tactical and that they would be back . Speaker of the House in Tripoli , Nouri Abusahmain accused Hifter of treason and Tripoli announced a no-fly zone over Benghazi . ( Abusahmain is a Berber/ Amazigh from the west , but leans toward Muslim fundamentalism , as do many independents in the General National Assembly , and they have been increasingly able to put together a majority vote , having impeached Prime Minister Ali Zeidan ( a nationalist and secularist ) . Abusahmain has been under the cloud of a “ morals scandal ” and apparently often out of the country .
Hifter denied the charges of treason and insisted their only goal is to wipe out the Muslim extremists .
Then on Sunday The secular Qaaqaa and Sawa'iq militias , linked to the city of Zintan but prominent in the capital , attacked the parliament building . Seven members of parliament were detained but ultimately released . Parliament has shifted from secular orientation to a slight majority for Muslim fundamentalists as independents joined the latter . This shift led to the dismissal of secular prime minister Ali Zeidan and their replacement by Abdullah al-Thinni . Al-Thinni themselves was to be replaced later this week by the Muslim fundamentalist Ahmed Mitig .
A television station was also hit with RPG fire in Tripoli on Sunday .
The nationalist militias denied that they had joined Hifter 's “ Libyan National Army. ” ( This , despite the numerous press reports , some of which I 'm linking too , that identify them with Hifter . ) Fighting at the site of the parliament lasted for several hours . Although the situation is foggy , it appears that the nationalist Zintanis are determined to prevent Mitig from taking power . The parliamentary vote that allegedly elected them has been contested as to its legitimacy .
A handful of officers of the Libyan army command in Tripoli held a press conference , in which they announced that parliament ( the General National Council ) had been suspended and that the ( also elected ) 60-member constitutional constituent Assembly ( charged with drafting the constitution ) would act as the parliament . ( Parliament was supposed to go out of power in February but voted themselves an extra year in office , which many Libyans felt an illegitimate step ) . The officers say they want to maintain al-Thinni in power , and so also seem opposed to Mitig coming to power , and therefore are likely anti-fundamentalist . The officers included “ Colonel Muktar Fernana , a Zintani former head of military intelligence ” . It is not clear whether this clique of officers is connected to the two Zintani militias that attacked the parliament building .
The elected government disagrees that it has been prorogued and insists that it is still in power . Unfortunately , the elected parliament 's survival now likely depends on whether the bulk of the military and the militias rally to it rather than to the Zintanis , or the Fernana group , to to Hifter , which are likely three independent opposition power centers .
The nationalist military units and their struggle against Muslim fundamentalist civilian political forces ( as well as extremist cadres ) in Libya somewhat resemble the similar split in Egypt .
Hifter in Benghazi was linked to the CIA 25 years ago , and whisked away to Northern Virginia after their Chad-based insurrection against Muammar al-Gaddafi failed . However , lots of global south political figures have had relations with the CIA that did not continue , including several Afghan politicians who are now working against US interests . While it is possible that Hifter is acting in concert with the agency , it is not certain or even very likely ( the Obama administration has supported the elected General National Council and is no doubt upset at the idea of it being overthrown . And , given the killing of 3 CIA field officers in 2012 , which has led to endless GOP hearings , the Obama administration is likely not eager to risk more covert operations failures there ) . In fact , if you were casting about for an outside actor that wanted to see the Libyan Muslim Brotherhood and the Ansar al-Sharia crushed , you 'd have to consider Saudi Arabia and the Egyptian officer corps ( the latter being right next door ) .
Those who are blaming United Nations intervention in Libya for the continuing instability there are ignoring several things :
1 . There has been no military intervention in Syria , and as a result 150,000 people are dead and several million displaced ; even an unstable Libya has been far , far less troubled than Syria is .
2 . There was no Western military intervention in Egypt ( the West preferred Hosni Mubarak ) , but it has swerved toward military rule and violent polarization , too . The independent variable does n't appear to be Western intervention .
3 . So the lesson is that revolutions are often messy . Nothing was more depressing than French politics in the 1790s , which swerved from terror to Thermidor to Bonaparte 's coup . Somehow you do n't hear so much about how we should bring the Bourbon monarchy back to France . The Gaddafists still carp from under the trash heap of history , but ca n't possibly keep it up much longer . The Libyans have an open rather than a closed future now ; there are lots of things they can do with it . Unfortunately , not all are necessarily positive . Still , an open future is generally better than a closed one .
—-
Related video :
Euronews : “ More violence in Libya causes further political turmoil ”
Dear VidAngel customers ,
4 Hollywood studios have accused VidAngel of stealing their movies . That 's not true , but we are stealing their lawyers .
This week Attorney David Quinto , who used to be a lawyer for Disney and Warner Brothers , became the official lawyer of VidAngel . As you may recall , those studios and VidAngel are currently in a legal battle , so Quinto 's pulling a Kevin Durant and switching teams to the inevitable winners .
David Quinto is a fairly big deal .
The Hollywood Reporter named them to their list of Top 100 Power Lawyers . In fact , they were ranked # 21 on the alphabetical list !
They spent 27 years as a lawyer for the Oscars , and during that time they never got sued for giving Best Actor to Nicholas Cage , so you know he 's good at their job .
They have had adventures in 140 countries during their life , including :
Outrunning a knife-wielding assailant for close to a kilometer in Rio de Janeiro
Escaping the Tuareg insurrection by fleeing Timbuktu aboard a Russian military cargo plane
Spending a month in Argentina during the height of the Dirty War and almost being executed in Mendoza ( without cause , we should note )
Litigating their first case while still in law school and earning two published opinions , one of which has been cited by the Supreme Court
These are all true stories . No , WE PROMISE . They really are !
Welcome to the family , David !
In a statement being distributed by the Republican Party of Minnesota , GOP Senate candidate Kurt Bills states , “ In order to defeat Obama and their lieutenant Amy Klobuchar , Republicans of all stripes must stand together . We can not afford to squabble , and must n't equivocate . We need to unite–standing on our shared principles–to win in November . ”
Bills was elected as a Ron Paul delegate to the Republican National Convention , which is slated to begin Monday in Tampa , Fla. Bills is not attending the RNC so they can campaign at the Minnesota State Fair as much as possible .
Their “ unequivocal support for Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan , ” is not shared by many other Minnesota delegates , including the chair of the delegation , Marianne Stebbins , who said in an interview recently she 's looking forward to voting for Paul at the convention .
Bills won the GOP endorsement for Senate this spring with the backing of Ron Paul . The state convention was dominated by backers of Paul 's campaign for president .
The Flash 2.11 : “ The Reverse-Flash Returns ” – Review ! Share :
The Flash continued its pace and delivered another solid episode that built on the previous week 's revelation that Eobard Thawne was still alive . It went a good way to establish the growing rivalry between Barry and the Reverse-Flash as we learned more about the latter in this episode and why they had come to despise The Flash so much . It was an interesting episode that also featured an exit for Patty 's character without seeing them killed ( like so many other DC characters ' love interests that I mentioned in last week 's recap ) as they moved to a different city .
It 's always going to be high whenever the Reverse-Flash shows up , especially given that the character has harmed so many people 's lives and affected virtually every single member of the team during their fifteen year spell in the Earth 1 timeline as Harrison Wells . It was an interesting epilogue of sorts for the disaster caused in the first season , allowing the heroes to finally get their victory over Eobard , with Matt Letscher getting a turn in the episode where previously it had mostly been the Tom Cavanagh show . It 's clear that Cavanagh is better than Letscher , but that does n't mean that Letscher is a poor actor ; far from it . Their powerful handling of the character was pretty effective in getting across the portrayal of the character . It 's also interesting to note that the character of the Reverse-Flash is being portrayed a bit like River Song in Doctor Who ; when River first meets The Doctor they know everything about them and they know nothing about her , but the longer they keep bumping into each other the more information is revealed . Obviously , there are a lot of differences between the four characters , but it 's a fairly easy comparison to make and you wonder if or when Barry meets Reverse-Flash for the last time , will that be the first time they find out about The Flash ?
The Reverse-Flash Returns also went some way to fleshing out Cisco 's transformation into Vibe this week as they donned the glasses and got a chance to finally triumph against Reverse-Flash and live to brag about it . Carlos Valdes put in a good performance and as a result , this was a very strong episode for the character , who also seems to be forming some kind of connection with Wells as the two worked together for most of the episode pretty strongly .
The episode also dealt with the resolution of the Patty and Barry romance that had been teased last week with the final farewell on the train leading to an effective moment , even if it did leave several plot holes concerning the people who were also on the train with Patty and Barry . It echoed Thawne 's warning that he 's never going to be happy , and Barry 's going to start to wonder now if they may be right , as secret identities are always problematic for love interests .
It 's also worth briefly mentioning the Iris and Wally scenes , which were just as good as the Joe and Wally scenes last week . They 're understandably not getting as much to do as the main plot and that 's good , but it looks like Wally is slowly starting to warm up to the idea of both Iris & Joe and the West family . Their story was relegated to as much of a bit-part as Jay 's storyline this week as they and Caitlin tried to find the Jay in their own Earth , but instead found Hunter Zolomon , who , well , offers a further mystery on what 's going to happen with the Zoom storyline going forward . I get the feeling that this is a long-term plan , so I wo n't spoil the connection between the two characters here just in case anyone who 's reading this is n't aware who Hunter Zolomon is , but for those who do , it 's certainly an interesting twist for sure .
What did you think of this week 's episode of The Flash ? Let me know in the comments below and check out episode twelve next Tuesday at 8pm on the CW !
Long roadways in Seattle like Rainier , MLK , and Aurora cut scars across Seattle 's landscape and have their share of bad intersections . But , even though the main stretch of Denny , from Puget Sound to Capitol Hill , is shorter than those examples , it has more terrible intersections than any of them . And , with South Lake Union burgeoning with people walking , biking , busing , and driving there , those intersections are more clogged than ever .
As a person walking–and this competition has been developed from a pro-pedestrian perspective–your odds of having a clear intersection to cross are about as good as the odds of the Route 8 bus being on time .
Of the five times that we 've done this poll , an intersection with Denny Way has now won three times .
But is it because intersections along Denny are just that bad ? Or because the demographic that lives and works in the area is more likely to be focused on transportation issues and pedestrian problems than people in South Seattle ?
Regardless , nobody can dispute that Denny and Stewart is an awful intersection for all users .
If Seattle founding father Arthur Denny had lived past the 19th century , they probably would have been hit by a driver at an intersection along Denny Way by now . In fact , back in 1971 when Amazon was still just a rainforest and a river , this intersection at Stewart was the most dangerous in the city .
. @ UrbanistOrg is currently surveying Seattle 's worst intersections .
One choice-Denny and Stewart https : //t.co/U66RhYVpl4
This is from 1971 : pic.twitter.com/XlKJ2Wrhat — David Gutman ( @ davidlgutman ) June 6 , 2017
It 's no surprise that this intersection is the worst today , 46 years later , given that there are no easy solutions .
The other Denny intersections that have claimed the “ Worst Intersection ” title are more fixable . At Fifth Avenue , the titleholder in 2012 , the Seattle Department of Transportation just needs to put a crosswalk on the eastern side of the intersection , stripe the south crosswalk parallel to Denny , and # GivePedstheGreen . Improvements for 2015 's choice ( Denny at Terry ) are on the way with a pedestrian signal being planned .
Denny and Stewart lies at the southeastern corner of the Cascade neighborhood , which is sometimes called the Heart of Seattle . If that 's the case , then Denny and Stewart is its main coronary blockage caused by traffic backups stemming from I-5 .
Long lines at the airport are controlled with stanchions , but there 's no equivalent for traffic management .
However , a slight improvement is coming for eastbound bus riders , who will have a dedicated bus lane leading up to Stewart Stewart starting in early 2018 .
But that does n't fix things for pedestrians .
Riders waiting for the 8 bus at the southwest corner of Denny and Stewart have a front-row seat for the symphony of stink coming from vehicle exhaust .
People walking toward Capitol Hill have to cross Stewart Street here before the hill climb over I-5 . This crosswalk is most often clogged by opportunistic and aggressive drivers , claiming their spot in line for the freeway .
The northeast corner of the intersection should be avoided . You ca n't get up to Capitol Hill from here anyway , since there 's no sidewalk on that side of the bridge , and there 's barely anywhere to stand . If you walk southward from here to go to Capitol Hill , look over your shoulder for overeager drivers headed for Capitol Hill .
As you cross to the northwest intersection from the northeast , watch for drivers who are trying to turn right on red onto Denny . If you 're heading to the northwest intersection from the southwest , watch for drivers who are trying to turn right on green onto Denny .
And , if you 're on the south side of Yale Avenue , you 'll have to hurry to get across both Yale and Denny before the next light cycle .
So , is there any way to make things better ?
First , drivers need to avoid blocking the crosswalk or face a fine . And , turning right on red from Stewart to Denny should be banned .
A more difficult possibility includes adding a sidewalk on the north side of Denny Way over I-5 . This would mean that uphill vehicles would need to share a single lane , but make it much easier for people on foot to get between South Lake Union and Capitol Hill .
The only other reasonable solution would be congestion pricing to reduce traffic . If drivers had to pay a fee to get on I-5 at Yale , fewer people would go that way , decreasing traffic backups and making the intersection much calmer . The revenue brought in from these tolls could fund more mass transit .
That 's unlikely to happen soon , however . So I 'd predict that we 'll still be talking about Denny and Stewart as one of the worst intersections in Seattle in another 46 years .
Title image courtesy of Google Maps .
We hope you loved this article . If so , please consider supporting our work . The Urbanist is a non-profit that depends on donations from readers like you .
The FBI disclosed it used grand jury subpoenas more extensively during the investigation regarding former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's email server than was previously revealed , according to a report Wednesday .
Grand jury subpoenas were used in the process of accessing Clinton 's records from their accounts , and also those of people they communicated with , a top FBI official divulged in a court filing .
`` In instances where the FBI discovered evidence of the potential unauthorized transmission of classified information from the [ Clinton ] personal email servers to private third party email accounts of individuals with whom Secretary Clinton corresponded and could establish sufficient probable cause , the FBI sought additional legal process , to include grand jury subpoenas , in order to obtain additional e-mails relevant to the FBI 's investigation , '' Bill Priestap , the bureau 's assistant director for counterintelligence , wrote in a declaration filed in federal court in Washington , Politico reported .
Many Republicans and Trump have questioned how detailed and accurate former FBI Director James Comey 's investigation had been .
`` Wow , looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over … and so much more . A rigged system , '' Trump tweeted on Sept. 1 .
Wow , looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over ... and so much more . A rigged system ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) September 1 , 2017
Trump fired Comey in May .
The investigation of the Clinton emails concluded in July 2016 and the FBI did not recommend any criminal charges against Clinton . Upon closing the case , Comey received pushback from some who said they did not use any mandatory legal process in the inquiry .
In response , Comey stated grand jury actions are classified and must be kept covert .
Freedom of Information Act releases indicated that grand jury subpoenas were used , however . This was confirmed in April by Priestap , who said they were used to retrieving messages that service providers could have stored from Clinton 's account on their BlackBerry from January to March 2009 .
Comey reopened the Clinton investigation on Oct. 28 , 2016 , days before the 2016 presidential election , but shortly after concluded that the new batch of emails the FBI found did not change the agency 's conclusion .
TALLAHASSEE — Hope came Thursday for families whose children suffer from epileptic seizures , as the chairperson of a key legislative committee agreed to file a bill to legalize the medical use of marijuana that has a high content of the chemical compound cannabidiol .
`` Our work is only beginning , '' said Rep. Matt Gaetz , R-Shalimar , after the House Criminal Justice Subcommittee heard testimony for nearly two hours from parents of children from Miami , Weston , Tampa , Pensacola and even Colorado .
The families pleaded with lawmakers to legalize strains of marijuana such as `` Charlotte 's Web '' saying it is their last , the best hope of relieving the uncontrollable seizures in their medically fragile children . The strain is high in cannabidiol or CBD , the ingredient that controls seizures , but is low in tetrahydrocannabinol , THC , the compound that creates a high .
They spoke of the anecdotal evidence that children treated in Colorado have had their seizures reduced by half or more . They cited studies that show that cannabis with a high cannabidiol content has no side effects and is not addictive . And they spoke of being faced with the decision of leaving Florida to get treatment for their child .
`` I am going to ask Speaker Weatherford to approve a proposed committee bill that will contain this language for Charlotte 's Web , '' Gaetz announced at the conclusion of the meeting , `` so that these people do not have to be criminals . ''
It was a remarkable admission for a legislator who opposes the use of medical marijuana and was so wary about scheduling a workshop on the subject that they tucked it into an agenda on sentencing reform .
But a combination of the compelling family stories , and Gaetz 's aggressive attack on every doubt raised , left the committee with few reasons to oppose it .
`` I 'm moved by the compassion of all of this , '' said Rep. Charles Van Zant , a Palatka Republican who is a Baptist preacher and one of the most conservative members of the Legislature .
They oppose marijuana , they said , but when it comes to harnessing the herb to treat a specific malady , `` I do n't think this is substance abuse . I think it 's using this wisely . ''
Gaetz opened the meeting with a partial showing of a CNN special report by Dr. Sanjay Gupta , Weed , which introduced the nation to the story of Charlotte Figi , who suffers from Dravet syndrome , a rare and intractable form of epilepsy .
Charlotte 's mother , Paige Figi , told the committee that after two years of being treated with oil from the Charlotte 's Web strain , their daughter 's seizures have gone from hundreds to about one a week . Charlotte , whose illness had delayed their development , is now walking and talking and is able to ride a bike .
`` There were nights where I begged for them to pass away from this suffering because it was so awful , '' Figi said . Now , `` she has a happy quality of life . She 's not going to ever drive a car , get married or live independently '' but `` she 's a kid again . ''
Gaetz said he , too , was a skeptic but compared the strain and its trace amounts of the psychoactive THC to the hemp products that line the shelves of the local Whole Foods store .
Rep. Gayle Harrell , R-Stuart , was among the most vocally skeptical of the 14-member committee . Harrell 's husband is a physician , and they are a long-time supporter of the Florida Medical Association .
`` What pre-clinical trials have shown the efficacy of this drug ? '' they asked .
Figi responded that scientific trials are under way in Colorado but , because marijuana is still classified as an illegal narcotic in many states , `` the road blocks are almost nearly impossible . … We are asking for help to do more research . ''
Several families urged the committee not to wait the years it will take to conduct clinical trials .
`` Rep. Harrell , we do n't have a year , '' said Seth Hyman of Weston , who brought their 8-year-old daughter , Rebecca , who suffers from a rare genetic disorder , to the meeting . `` She may not be here . ''
Jacel Delgadillo of Miami said they are considering leaving their extended family and moving to Colorado , where marijuana use is legal , so they can get help for their 2-year-old son , Bruno , who suffers from Dravet syndrome .
`` Every night I hold their hand praying : Please do n't be the night for them to gain their wings , '' they said , their sleeping son on their shoulder .
But the political realities of passing a bill that legalizes something as taboo as marijuana faces some harsh realities in Tallahassee , where legislative leaders , the governor and attorney general have come out in opposition of a ballot initiative to legalize marijuana for medical use and are challenging it in court .
When asked about allowing parents of children who have seizures to have access to a special strain of medical marijuana , Gov . Rick Scott shut the door .
`` I oppose illegal drug abuse , '' they told the Tampa Bay Times on Wednesday . `` I 've watched what it does to families . I think the attorney general has done the right thing with the advice they gave the Supreme Court . Have a great day ! ''
Mary Ellen Klas can be reached at [ email protected ] iamiherald.com . Follow them on [ email protected ] Klas .
UPDATED 8.02AM A group of high-profile women says rugby is developing an ugly culture that has to change .
Equal Opportunities Commissioner Dr Jackie Blue and sexual violence survivors advocate Louise Nicholas are among 24 who have signed an open letter to New Zealand Rugby offering help to educate players about appropriate behaviour .
LISTEN ABOVE : Equal Opportunities Commissioner Dr Jackie Blue speaks with Rachel Smalley
They say the union 's internal investigation into the Chiefs stripper scandal leaves too many questions unanswered , and is n't appropriate for dealing with issues such as respect and basic personal rights .
Louise Nicholas said there 's a stench surrounding our national sport .
`` And we want to put it out there that that culture can change , and it 's about listening to those outside of the rugby union , coming in , supporting and helping them get through this issue that has arisen . ''
Nicholas said it 's clear New Zealand Rugby needs some help .
`` The rugby union ca n't fix everything , they ca n't do this on their own . They need outside support , and that 's what we 're saying to them . Bring us in , we 're happy to help . ''
Meanwhile , a meeting between the Human Rights Commission and the New Zealand Rugby Union will take place today .
Jackie Blue says she 's had an initial conversation with NZRU boss Steve Tew , where they took responsibility for the way the Chiefs investigation was handled .
Dr Blue told Rachel Smalley there are plenty of examples of culture change in male-dominated industries that the rugby union can look to .
`` The New Zealand Police have used Louise Nicholas to help turn their culture around , and they 've been very successful , and they 've had great leadership on the top with Mike Bush .
`` The New Zealand Defence Force are rolling out their programme called Operation Respect - they have knowledge there 's too much sexual harassment and bullying . ''
Dr Blue said they wrote to Steve Tew when the allegations about players ' behaviour first emerged .
`` We really encouraged them to have an independent inquiry , and unfortunately they did n't , and that 's where the whole rails went off .
`` The allegations are so serious of sexual assault that really it warranted a person who had independence , who had expertise . ''
They said there 's hope that the rugby culture can change , and Steve Tew 's willingness to meet with the Commission is a good first step .
Tew said if they 've learnt anything , it 's that their players are n't where they need to be .
They told Mike Hosking he 's sticking by the decision to use their own counsel to investigate serious allegations made through the media , towards their players .
LISTEN : NZRU boss Steve Tew speaks with Mike Hosking
`` Interviewing independent witnesses both male and female who were at the event , and players who were not drinking who were there the entire time . Those accusations were not found to be true , and I ca n't do any more than that . ''
Tew said they 're keen to get any advice from the Human Rights Commission as to what they should be doing differently from here forward .
Anthony Gaona ( Photo : Larimer County Sheriff 's Office )
Colorado State University police arrested a transient man Wednesday after they threatened officers with a hatchet pulled from their waistband , CSU spokesperson Dell Rae Ciaravola said Friday .
Anthony Gaona , 26 , was arrested near 430 N. College Ave. on CSU property , Ciaravola said . They were taken to the Larimer County jail and charged with second degree assault and resisting arrest .
Shortly before 3 p.m. Wednesday , CSU police officers responded to a report of a group camping on the riverbank near the CSU Engines and Energy Conversion Lab . Goana appeared to be heavily intoxicated and attempted to draw a hatchet from their waistband , Ciaravola said in an email .
Goana reportedly screamed at officers to shoot and kill them and also threatened to kill officers with the hatchet . Gaona was temporarily subdued by their girlfriend but immediately fought with officers after the hatchet was removed , attempting to kick , bite and spit on them .
Gaona was also combative with firefighters and EMS staff before they were transported to Poudre Valley Hospital . They were eventually released from the hospital and transported to jail .
ALSO MAKING NEWS
Report prompts call for shake-up at top of Loveland PD
CSU denies allegations it bought aborted body parts
Alley businesses saw ‘ issues ' before fatal shooting
Read or Share this story : http : //noconow.co/1MMWP5J
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The refugees on board the bus looked anxious as they waited outside the chancellery building
A Bavarian mayor angry about Germany 's asylum policy has sent a busload of Syrian migrants to Chancellor Angela Merkel 's office in Berlin .
But they have ended up paying for their accommodation in the capital himself .
Peter Dreier , mayor of the district of Landshut , said they wanted to `` send a signal '' that Germany 's asylum policies could not continue as before .
The bus arrived in Berlin on Thursday evening . All those on board volunteered to make the journey , the council said .
Germany took in 1.1 million asylum seekers in 2015 .
Mr Dreier said they had informed Mrs Merkel of their bus plan in a phone call in October .
What next for refugees in Germany ?
Europe 's migration crisis - in maps and charts
German government spokesperson Steffen Seibert said in a statement that in Germany the state and local authorities were responsible for accommodating refugees , and they were provided with comprehensive support from the federal government .
`` Berlin [ meaning the state authority there ] has agreed in this case to provide the refugees with the first night 's accommodation , '' they said .
Image copyright EPA Image caption A crowd of reporters and some protesters were outside the federal chancellery to greet the refugees
However , after at least an hour-and-a-half parked outside Mrs Merkel 's official residence , and with some uncertainty for those on board , the bus headed off .
Mr Dreier told Die Welt newspaper that they were not happy with the emergency accommodation offered by Berlin , so they were paying for one night 's stay at a guesthouse .
`` What happens after that , we 'll see , '' they said .
German reporters on board said the travellers had been unaware that the trip was a political statement - and some have criticised the mayor 's move .
`` It is outrageous that they are exploiting those seeking protection , '' said Bavarian Green Party co-leader Sigi Hagl . `` Completely wrong , '' they tweeted .
'Running low '
Mrs Merkel 's welcoming approach to Syrians fleeing the war in their homeland made them a hero to many migrants making the arduous journey through Europe .
The men on the bus have refugee status , which means they are free to live anywhere in Germany . Finding accommodation is hard in Landshut , the local council said .
The mayor , who waved the bus off from Landshut , followed in a car after a meeting and was surrounded by media on arrival outside the chancellery .
`` An end to the wave of refugees in not in sight , the country 's capacity of accommodation fit for human habitation is rapidly running low and I see no sign that new dwellings for immigrants are being built , '' Mr Dreier , who represents the Independent Voters grouping , said in a statement .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Dreier spoke to journalists outside Chancellor Merkel 's office as the busload of migrants arrived
Image copyright AP Image caption The bus containing 31 male Syrian refugees set off for Berlin on Thursday morning
Mrs Merkel had said they understood their concerns when they spoke by phone , and said they should give their office one day 's notice of the bus 's departure , the council said .
Ellmar Stoettner , a spokesperson for the local council who travelled on the bus with the refugees , told the BBC that they would be offered a return journey to Bavaria if they so wished .
They were all happy to be on board and had made the journey having been fully informed of their options , they said . Fifty-one refugees had originally expressed interest in the trip .
The Landshut district has to house 2,100 asylum seekers , and that number continues to grow , they said . The population of the district - largely small market towns and villages - is 152,000 .
The men making the journey to Berlin are so-called Fehlbeleger - people with recognised refugee status who continue to occupy asylum-seeker accommodation as they can not find a place of their own to rent .
Mr Stoettner told the BBC that accommodation in their area was so in demand that the rental market had become a bit like London - and landlords could choose the tenants they preferred .
Of the 2,100 asylum seekers in Landshut district , 450 were in this situation , they said .
Hello all . Joe M. from Models Workshop here . I 'm going to continue my discussion of getting started in the hobby with painting in mind . In Part 1 I covered what you will want to do to plan everything out . In Part 2 I covered what purchases you should make to get started . Now in Part 3 I will discuss putting together your test models .
Ok so now we got our test models in from GW so it 's time to get to painting right ? Not yet . First we need to put them together . Now I know these are only test models and who really cares what they look like in the end , right ? Well it does matter . Not because you want them to look good , but because you want to be able to apply the paint right and you also want to develop good habits .
So we will start with unboxing . I would do this right in the GW store if you ordered them to there ( shipping is free when you do that so I would recommend that option . ( Editor : I am a fan of FLGS myself , support them ) The reason you are going to unbox in the store is so that you can verify a few things .
1 . You want to be sure that all the pieces are there that are supposed to be there .
2 . You want to make sure that none of the pieces are broken .
3 . You want to verify the quality of the mold . This applies more to finecast and resin models but it still applies to plastic kits too . I have one Cryptek that I did n't check that looks like half is face is melted .
The cool thing about doing this in a GW store is that they will accept a return on the spot for a model kit that was damaged or otherwise defective when you open it like that .
Your next step is to wash the model . This has been covered in detail in this article , Resin Washing Tutorial , and applies to plastic and finecast as well as resin . The reason for washing the model is to get rid of the oils , dirt , and chemicals that are on a model from production . Resin and Finecast have more of these impurities than plastic , but all models have them . ( Editor : as the author of that article I full support washing everything like Joe says ) .
Now we will go ahead and start work on our model . Cut a piece of model from the sprue using your clippers . I would recommend the piece with the legs to start . Take the piece you have just cut and inspect it . Look for where the sprue was connected to the model and where the mold lines are . Now take your hobby knife or mold line remover . Place the blade against the model on the far side of what you want to remove . The blade should be at a 45-degree angle with the top of the blade facing towards you and the sharp side pointed away . Now , applying firm pressure without pressing the blade into the model , drag the blade toward you slowly . ( Editor : please read this twice . The edge of blade will be going backward on the model . This is actually the method I have used for years and works great ! ) This will scrap away the unwanted sprue and mold lines . Do this until the area looks clean . Then take your fine grain sandpaper and smooth the area down . Some areas are harder to clean than others . For these you will have to use your files to get rid of the offending element .
Now glue the legs to the base . In the test models it does n't really matter but I would recommend using superglue to glue it to the plastic base . In future models you will want to do that so that the model is easier to remove from the plastic for basing or applying a resin base . The reason for doing the legs to the base first is for stability of the model and to give you a place to hold and work with . It also makes priming and painting much easier .
Now repeat the mold line removal process with the other pieces and glue them into place . I would use plastic glue for this . Once the model is entirely put together and dry check it again for mold lines . Remove any that you find . Then repeat all these steps for your other models . Your test models are now ready for priming and painting . I will cover these steps in part 4 of this series .
Between 23 and 16 million years ago , just outside of where the city of Lisbon , Portugal sits today , there lived a unique mix of mammals which would have seemed both strange and familiar . From bones and footprints left in fossilized feces , paleontologists have found that rhinoceros , deer , horses , antelope , and elephants browsed and grazed in the ancient ecosystem , and many were preyed upon by archaic carnivores such as the fearsome amphicyonids ( popularly known as `` bear-dogs '' ) . That such confrontations occurred can readily be inferred by the presence of large predators and prey in the same place , but direct evidence of interaction is rare . It does not require a stretch of the imagination to envision a large bear-dog grappling a fleeing antelope or rhinoceros to the ground , but how do we really know that such events took place ?
Without a time machine , it can be extremely difficult to tease out the relationships between extinct organisms , but every now and then paleontologists find a rare specimen which records the interaction of two species . One such specimen , a bit of the left lower jaw from the rhinoceros Iberotherium rexmanueli , was described by scientists Miguel Antunes , Ausenda Balbino , and Léonard Ginsburg in 2006 . Although rather plain-looking at first sight , the specimen is remarkable for exhibiting a series of pits and scratches that were most probably made by the bear-dog Amphicyon giganteus .
The Iberotherium specimen in question is the middle portion of the animal 's lower jaw ; the front of the jaw is missing and the rear portion was accidentally broken off during collection . There are a number of small pits and perforations along the jaw which indicate that a carnivorous mammal stripped the flesh off it , with some of the most conspicuous damage being seen towards the front of the bone . Here , near the area of the left jaw which would have met with the front of the right jaw ( called the symphysis ) , there are three indentations on both sides which were probably made when the carnivore gripped the jaw with its incisors .
The hypothesis that Amphicyon giganteus was probably the offending carnivore came out of a process of elimination . Although the large carnivore Dinocyon also lived around the same time , its remains have not been found from the same locality , and while the bear-dog species Amphicyon major also prowled nearby , its presence in the Lisbon beds has not been confirmed . Likewise , the size of the bite marks indicated the activity of an animal the approximate size of a brown bear , and other contemporary candidates were not large enough to fit the profile . Hence the scientists were left with only one valid candidate - Amphicyon giganteus .
But , even if we can be confident in the identification of Amphicyon giganteus as the predator in question , does the tooth-marked jaw represent a predation event or scavenging ? It is impossible to know for sure . Antunes and colleagues propose that the pattern of toothmarks on the jaw suggest that the Amphicyon was holding onto and biting the rhinoceros mandible in a manner similar to how we eat corn on the cob . Hence they hypothesize that this means that the carnivore was eating a largely-intact carcass `` on the spot . '' If true , this means that the Amphicyon either killed the rhinoceros - perhaps preying upon an individual weakened by droughts which frequently occurred during the time - or was lucky enough to happen upon an intact Iberotherium which had been killed in a flood .
Yet , as a large carnivore , Amphicyon would have also been capable of tearing off portions of a carcass - such as a head or jaws - and carrying them away to consume in relative peace . This hypothesis could also apply to either a hunting or scavenging scenario , but without the rest of the Iberotherium skeleton , it is impossible to tell exactly what happened . The toothmarks indicate that an Amphicyon fed on the rhinoceros jaw , but they ca n't tell us how the rhinoceros died in the first place .
References :
ANTUNES , M. , BALBINO , A. , & GINSBURG , L. ( 2006 ) . Ichnological evidence of a Miocene rhinoceros bitten by a bear-dog ( Amphicyon giganteus ) Annales de Paléontologie , 92 ( 1 ) , 31-39 DOI : 10.1016/j.annpal.2005.10.002
ANTUNES , M. , BALBINO , A. , & GINSBURG , L. ( 2006 ) . Miocene Mammalian footprints in coprolites from Lisbon , Portugal Annales de Paléontologie , 92 ( 1 ) , 13-30 DOI : 10.1016/j.annpal.2005.09.002
Top image from : Christine Argot ( 2010 ) . Morphofunctional analysis of the postcranium of Amphicyon major ( Mammalia , Carnivora , Amphicyonidae ) from the Miocene of Sansan ( Gers , France ) compared to three extant
carnivores : Ursus arctos , Panthera leo , and Canis lupus Geodivertistas , 32 ( 1 ) , 65-106
Earlier this week , Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Ann Walsh Bradley managed to hang onto their seat in Wisconsin 's most recent election , after raising more than $ 750,000 and resorting to despicable attacks on their opponent , Rock County Circuit Court Judge James Daley .
Despite their win , Bradley will surely be disappointed by the fact that their colleague Chief Justice Shirley Abrahamson will lose their post as Wisconsin 's top judge , due to a voter-approved constitutional amendment pushed by GOP legislators . The amendment -- which allows a majority of Wisconsin 's seven justices to determine who serves as chief justice -- is a stark departure from the state 's 126-year-old system , which assigned the leadership position to the most senior justice .
The most troubling aspect of the amendment was the startling amount of special interest money spent supporting it in this week 's referendum . Unlike other recent elections , where the incumbent justice faced attack ads funded by big-business groups , these special interest groups instead poured their money into ousting the chief justice . The most prominent of these groups , Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce , funded $ 600,000 worth of ads urging passage of the amendment .
In recent years , Chief Justice Shirley Abrahamson was a frequent dissenter in the court 's increasingly conservative decisions . Abrahamson and Bradley , the most liberal members of the court , have openly clashed with the conservative majority -- particularly Justice David Prosser , a former leader in the state legislature .
Their disputes have gone far beyond disagreements about the law : In 2011 , Prosser faced a criminal investigation for placing their hands on Bradley 's throat during an argument , though no charges were filed . Prosser claimed that Bradley charged at them and that their hands touched their throat as they raised their hands in a defensive posture .
The argument happened while the justices were writing their opinions in the lawsuit concerning Act 10 , Gov . Scott Walker 's divisive union-busting bill . Prosser wanted Abrahamson to immediately issue the court 's opinion upholding the bill or a press release with the result , but Abrahamson refused . Prosser was incensed . At other times , Prosser had also called Abrahamson a `` total bitch '' and threatened to `` destroy her . ''
Through Wisconsin 's new amendment , Prosser 's allies have presumably succeeded in ousting Abrahamson from their post , despite their long career as a distinguished jurist . Abrahamson has served on the court for nearly 40 years , much longer than any other justice . When the constitutional amendment was first floated , the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel called it a `` troubling power play '' by Republicans who were `` targeting Abrahamson . ''
These divisions between the justices erupted in a very public way while the court was deliberating the Act 10 case , and it started because the conservatives had no power to speak for the court as a whole . When the new conservative chief is chosen , they or they may push the court to more quickly announce its ruling in another politically-charged case : a lawsuit involving Gov . Scott Walker and some corporate-funded groups that have spent $ 10 million to elect the four conservative justices .
The plaintiffs in the lawsuit are big-business groups accused of coordinating with Walker 's 2012 campaign to survive a recall election , breaking a state law that prohibits coordination with independent groups that are often not subject to the same disclosure rules and contribution limits as campaigns . The groups are currently the subject of a `` John Doe '' proceeding , which is similar to a grand jury , except that a judge decides whether prosecutors have enough evidence to charge someone with a crime .
CLOSE David Andreatta explains why recent floods are an act of nature , not of human-made Plan 2014 . Olivia Lopez and David Andreatta
Buy Photo Tim Berdych , with Christian Brothers Concrete Construction Company of Rochester , at work on a flooded home at 565 Edgemere Drive in Greece on May 5 , 2017 . `` There 's a sidewalk under here someplace , '' they said . ( Photo : SHAWN DOWD/ @ sdowdphoto/ , STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER ) Buy Photo
Lest you doubt that we live in a post-truth world , try talking to people who live along the southern shore of Lake Ontario about the flood water .
Many of them blame Plan 2014 , which regulates water levels in the lake and the St. Lawrence River and was designed to mimic fluctuations that would occur naturally had man never manipulated the waterways to suit himself .
Approved under the Obama administration , the plan allows water to rise a bit higher and a bit lower than what shoreline inhabitants are used to and stay that way longer .
Countless journalists on both sides of the lake have gone to great lengths to convey the best information about the cause of the rising water , which every expert agrees is the unusually high degree of precipitation and the early snow melt .
But lakeside dwellers around here do n't want to hear it . They 'd rather live in their own post-truth reality , where facts shape opinion less than emotion and personal beliefs .
Buy Photo Rick Davis stands on a deck that was destroyed by Lake Ontario 's high level of water at their lakefront property in Hamlin . ( Photo : CARLOS ORTIZ , @ cfortiz_dandc/staff photographer )
No pencil-pushing expert in ecosystems and coastal health and hydropower production at some ivory tower university or some government agency is going to tell them anything other than what living on the water has taught them about the tides .
These lakeshore residents think their opinion carries as much or more weight than those of experts . Some of them have written to me , imploring me to report `` the truth . '' They ca n't handle the truth . To them , someone or something must be to blame for the flooding .
If they want to lay blame , they should blame God , or Mother Nature , or The Force , or whatever they call the thing that makes it rain and hit 60 degrees in February .
More : Flooded Lake Ontario shoreline is an inconspicuous tragedy
More : Shared struggle : Flood waters in Rochester , Montreal trigger balancing act
More : Lakeside waves subside but woes do n't
More : Rain , problems continue to mount along Lake Ontario
More : Beach residents in Hamlin fight back against Lake Ontario
Neither Plan 2014 nor the agency that came up with it , the International Joint Commission , controls the weather . All the commission controls is a giant dam on the St. Lawrence that , if opened , could mitigate flooding on the lake .
But the water has to go somewhere and that somewhere is the river , where 2.5 million people live on islands — namely the cities of Montreal and Laval .
Buy Photo Sewage and floodwater being discharged into Lake Ontario by a temporary pump and hose on Edgemere Drive in Greece . ( Photo : Steve Orr/Staff photographer )
They 're in a whole other country called Canada that nobody around here thinks about much . Hence the `` international '' in International Joint Commission .
It 's rained a foot — 12.8 inches — in the Rochester region since March 1 . That 's a lot of rain . But consider that 13.8 inches fell on Montreal and Laval in that time .
What should the International Joint Commission do ? Wash out a couple of major Canadian cities so Edgemere Drive residents can breathe easier ? Get real .
Tens of thousands of people have already been evacuated in and around Montreal , and the news coverage out of there suggests few of them , if any , are pointing a finger at Plan 2014 .
Feeding the post-truth reality of lakeside dwellers here are a handful of local politicians , from town supervisors to congress members , who find political theater in indulging their constituents ' hysteria that the high water is human-made .
Local officials deserve credit for working hard to alleviate the flooding and making residents more comfortable by pumping water from streets and supplying sandbags .
But instead of joining the chorus of complaints about a plan devised and revised for years by people devoted to studying water systems , officials ought to seize on the frustration to turn the discussion toward making property and infrastructure more resilient to storms .
Many water-logged homes and streets were built too close to the shore for Mother Nature 's comfort . Now who 's uncomfortable ?
Flooding has been a fact of lake living forever , and that 's not going to change . In fact , with the world getting warmer flooding will only worsen .
Lakeshore residents should take the opportunity to better prepare for high water . They chose to live on the lake . They have only themselves to blame for that .
David Andreatta is a Democrat and Chronicle columnist . They can be reached at dandreatta @ gannett.com .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.rocne.ws/2psuUSB
The new season kicks off on Friday and does n't end until December . It 's partly down to travel , and partly to geography – but TV complicates matters too
Patrick Vieira , the New York City FC coach and former Arsenal star , likes to tell stories about travelling across the United States by plane with their team . Major League Soccer teams are allowed to charter private aircraft just four times per season , so players and staff usually travel to away games on commercial airlines with the rest of us .
One time , Vieira 's team was stuck at New York 's LaGuardia airport for eight hours when a flight to Kansas City was cancelled . Anyone who has ever flown from LaGuardia will know an hour at its overcrowded gates is almost enough to dissuade most people from ever flying again . After their long wait at the gate , Vieira 's team was told to come back the following morning . A replacement plane had been found – but there was no crew to fly it . Another time , for a game in Montreal , the NYC FC entourage spent 90 minutes getting through Canadian customs .
MLS stadiums ranked : why Orlando City 's new home comes out on top Read more
The 2017 Major League Soccer season kicks off on Friday night , but the bad news for Vieira as they prepare for New York City 's Sunday opener against Orlando City in Florida is that if it all goes well this season they will have to endure nine months of waiting at airport gates to make December 's MLS Cup final . For MLS and its season schedule , the demands of television broadcasters take priority over any travel challenges .
“ Each TV partner has their own wishes and priorities , ” explains Brad Pursel , MLS vice president of club services and scheduling . “ We build the season schedule with them , and ultimately they sign off when they 're very comfortable with the draft schedule before we go to a final schedule . Our broadcast partners are part of the process and it is a very collaborative process . ”
Pursel is already working on scheduling MLS 's 2018 season , a complicated exercise that not only involves ESPN , Fox and Univision in the US , and TSN and TVA in Canada , but also has to take into account the calendars of Concacaf , the US Soccer Federation , and Canadian Soccer Association . Clubs submit preferred dates for home games and any potential home stadium scheduling conflicts but are down the pecking order when it comes to having input on the schedule .
“ The teams do n't have a tremendous amount of say in the ultimate outcome , ” says Pursel , who has scheduled the past 12 seasons for MLS . “ Imagine having 22 teams telling you all the things that they want – it would be an impossible process . ”
Juggling paperwork and calendar dates , Pursel pours their parameters into a computer program that spits out draft schedules . MLS executives and broadcasters tick their boxes to deliver a final schedule . The result , in part : on Friday night Portland Timbers host MLS newcomers Minnesota United for this season 's first game .
“ It is a long , complicated process , ” says Pursel .
He 's not wrong . This season , with Atlanta United and Minnesota United joining the league , will see each team play 34 games – 17 at home and 17 away . To complicate things a little , Pursel has to manage MLS 's two geographical conferences . The result is that clubs play each of their 10 conference opponents at least twice – home and away – and play each team in the opposite conference at least once : five or six games at home and five or six away . If you 're not yet confused , the schedule is then rounded out with clubs playing three additional intra-conference matches . One team in each conference will play one extra non-conference match .
After all that , the top six teams in each conference qualify for the playoffs . It 's worth noting the 12 teams that qualify for the knock-out competition are n't necessarily the best teams over the season . In 2016 , Portland Timbers of the Western Conference would have finished 12th in an all-league table , but the two mini-league system saw the East 's Philadelphia Union squeak into the playoffs instead .
Importantly , the playoff system also means a slow start to a season is n't the death knell it would be for a team competing in a traditional winner-takes-all league format as seen in most of Europe . Across eight months , a mediocre regular season can be quickly forgotten if a club 's coaching staff , luck , and some good timing , sees a team peak in late summer .
Last season , Seattle Sounders started the season with three losses , dumped coach Sigi Schmid in July , lost star players Clint Dempsey and Obafemi Martins to a heart problem and China respectively , rode into the playoffs with 14 regular-season losses and still went on to win MLS Cup .
How Adrian Heath hopes to make Minnesota United the Newcastle of MLS Read more
Early-season malaise is apparently a thing for champions . In 2015 , eventual title winners Portland won just twice in its first 11 games . In 2014 , LA Galaxy did n't fire up until the end of spring while Sporting KC chalked up just five wins from their first 11 games during their championship season in 2013 season but lost just twice in their final 13 games .
In MLS , time apparently heals all wounds and a season can seem like a race between a tortoise and a hare . Beginning in March and ending ( last season ) in frozen Toronto in December , soccer overlaps at one point with every other major league in the country – as well as Fifa and Concacaf ( and in 2016 , Conmebol ) summer tournaments .
On the other hand , former US national team coach and professional contrarian Jürgen Klinsmann raised ire when they suggested the MLS season was too short . Klinsmann wanted national team players in competitive action for 11 months of the year and players engaged in more competitive matches over that time .
European leagues usually play 38 games plus cup competitions . A top player in a successful European team can expect to be involved in between 50 and 60 matches over a season . By contrast , a top player in the best MLS team will play around 40 games a season when playoffs , US Open Cup matches , and an All-Star game are included . MLS has a large footprint but fewer matches over a calendar year . There are reasons for that : geography and time .
“ We have debated this , but I think we have found the sweet spot of where our season can start and end , ” says Pursel . “ It 's based on the climate and when fans will turn out to games and the right number of games within our season – 34 . The schedule allows for mostly weekend games but also about five midweek games per team . ”
Major League Baseball and the NBA might fill shorter seasons with more games but they also do n't have to figure in cup competitions and international breaks , says Pursel : “ Once you have all those other competitions occupying dates , we have pretty much maximized everything we can within that footprint from March to December . ”
Which neatly brings us to November , aka the interminable playoffs that in 2016 took 50 days to play six rounds of matches . Mid-month World Cup qualifiers saw a 16-day pause in MLS play that was an aggravation for , well , everyone .
“ It is challenging to have that November Fifa window fall in the middle of our playoffs , and it is something that we look at each year , ” Pursel says . “ It is something that we have to deal with and we are seeing if there is another way to approach it and not affect the flow of our play-offs so much . ”
If Vieira 's New York City FC are still alive by October when the playoffs kick off , they will still be dealing with airports and Canadian customs agents , an issue that is unlikely to ever go away . MLS is the only major professional sports league in the US whose teams do n't take charter flights . Most teams save their allotted four charter flights for playoff games later in the season . Taking commercial airlines , LA Galaxy flew more than 38,000 miles in 2016 and Vancouver Whitecaps , Seattle Sounders and Houston Dynamo racked up more than 40,000 miles .
Former Galaxy coach Bruce Arena , now at the helm of the US men 's national team , told the LA Times last year they had ordered their players to not wear Galaxy-branded clothing while traveling .
“ I 'm embarrassed that we travel that way . I do n't think it helps the reputation of our league . It 's time for our league to get into the modern days of professional sports . Travel impacts the competition . ”
The MLS commissioner , Don Garber , has said charter flights are low on the league 's list of priorities . Pursel says America 's geography – even with the league 's conference system minimizing cross-country travel – is part of the competition 's make-up .
“ It is complicated in the US because it is such a large country and we have four time zones , ” they say . “ Inevitably there is long distance travel , cross-country . It is a factor we put in to limit difficult travel situations but it is impossible to avoid entirely . ”
With this weekend 's kick-offs , Pursel can emerge from beneath their calendars and computers – but only briefly . Next season will see the MLS arrival of Los Angeles FC , another team to fit into the season schedule , and potential tweaks to the ever-evolving league format .
“ As we expand we 're looking at whether 34 games is the right amount of games to play or do we adjust the number of teams and the number of games that we get , ” they say . “ It is about the right competition format that makes sense . ”
Emmanuel Bove 's fiction captures “ a well-trodden and forever alienating Paris . ”
Emmanuel Bove was a master of hyperobjectivity . Their characters , drawn from all classes , are often paralyzed by a failure of will , poisoned by envy , cursed with bad luck or betrayal . With relentless clarity , Bove imparts a deeply felt and lasting impression of the lives of these solitary and emotionally shattered young men whose fortunes and futures hinge on a stroke of luck , an immoral act , an accident . The author 's own youth was a harsh one , characterized by instability and discord ; and yet , like the lives of their characters , it was occasionally graced by wealth and privilege . Born in Paris , in 1898 , Bove was the son of a Belgian-born housemaid , Henriette Michels , and an immigrant Ukrainian Jew , Emmanuel Bobovnikoff . Bove 's father was a largely absent womanizer whose financial contributions to the family were infrequent at best . Bove and their brother , Léon , lived in abject poverty with their mother , who moved frequently within the slums of Paris to find work , always shadowed by bill collectors . However , Bove 's childhood took a decisive turn when their father 's affair with Emily Overweg , a wealthy painter and the daughter of the British consul in Shanghai , led to an unlikely marriage . Sent to live with their father and stepmother , Bove experienced the twilight of Belle-Epoque opulence , while Léon , who would become a doctor , remained with their mother in an unforgiving cycle of grinding poverty . And like the fleeting encounters with fortune that Bove employed in their fiction , this unexpected stretch of good luck would not last .
At the age of eight Bove decided to become a writer , and at fourteen , with the financial backing of their stepmother , they were sent to a boarding school in England . The outbreak of World War I soon disrupted their studies and forced them to return to France . Their father succumbed to tuberculosis and their stepmother , whose fortunes had all but evaporated as a result of the war , could offer little assistance . While thousands of young men were dying in the trenches of Somme , Arras , and Verdun , Bove was living in a transient hotel—a familiar setting for nearly all of their novels—and working menial jobs ( busboy , waiter , Renault factory worker , and tram operator ) while attempting to write . Before they could be called up , the armistice was declared—one wonders if they missed the opportunity to distinguish themselves on the battlefield and pursue an officer 's career . Instead , they spent a month in jail on account of a vagrancy charge aggravated by an anti-Semitic gendarme 's inability to pronounce their last name . Thus Bobovnikoff became Bove , and one of the last century 's finest authors was agonizingly birthed from a seemingly endless series of unfortunate circumstances .
Barely in their twenties , Bove married Suzanne Vallois , a young teacher , and they migrated to a suburb of Vienna , where , under the name of Jean Vallois , they attempted to make money writing pulp fiction . Living in postwar Austria might have appeared to be an affordable alternative to France , but rising inflation and economic stagnation quickly devoured what little savings they had managed to relocate with . Vienna did provide Bove with enough distance to approach their craft , yet it offered no financial support for an aspiring writer , their wife , and their daughter . When the money ran out , they were forced to return to Paris . And then , with the help of Colette , who was taken by the wisp of a manuscript this deeply reserved unknown young writer pressed upon her , Bove was able to publish Mes amis ( My Friends ) under their own name . A thin yet dynamic book that borrowed heavily from the transient hotel years of their late teens , Mes amis remains Bove 's best-known novel . In it we meet Victor Baton—profoundly lonely , old for their relatively young age , and penniless—and witness them casting about among the destitute in a grim , postwar Paris . Victor is forever idle , emotionally paralyzed , unemployable , and never short on real and imagined slights .
When I wake up , my mouth is open . My teeth are furry : it would be better to brush them in the evening , but I am never brave enough . Tears have dried at the corners of my eyes . My shoulders do not hurt any more . Some stiff hair covers my forehead . I spread my fingers and push it back . It is no good : like the pages of a new book it springs up and tumbles over my eyes again .
The thin novel Armand followed Mes amis and was very well received . In Armand , Bove further expands on the destructive roles of alienation , abject poverty , and disenfranchisement while disseminating a doomed relationship .
The language Bove employed in these early works , and throughout their entire career , is precise and elegant . The urgency in their deceptively simple , pitch-perfect tone lends itself to an immediate intimacy . The precision in their writing evokes landscapes and interiors , emotional and otherwise , that read like high-resolution photographs . And while their craft was forever attuned to the complete story—exploring the motives and complexities that lead their characters to do what they must—he wrote in a simple , everyday language . Bove 's work is a fine distillation of lived experience expressed with seemingly effortless artistry .
Throughout their brief yet productive career , Bove captured the experience of a lost generation of war veterans . They recorded the odious aftereffects of the November 1918 armistice with its widespread unemployment and the growing disaffected and largely reactionary working class that was teetering on the brink of revolution . Bove portrayed the young widows burdened with illegitimate sons who grow up into pathetic needy men wrecking havoc on anyone unwise enough to show them a modicum of compassion . They captured bourgeois families grasping at the titles dangling from rapidly diminishing fortunes , and a well-trodden and forever alienating Paris .
At the time of Bove 's debut , Colette , André Gide , Philippe Soupault , Max Jacob , and Rainer Maria Rilke all adored their writing . Samuel Beckett was another early admirer who claimed , “ Emmanuel Bove , more than anyone else … has an instinct for the essential detail. ” Considering how obscure their work became after their death , it is hard to imagine Bove as a literary star , yet they were a successful and productive author in the 1920s and thirties . While they avoided the spotlight that came with fame , their writing had a profound influence on many authors during their lifetime , and later on those writing after World War II . Bove informed Albert Camus 's humanistic preoccupations ; Claude Simon 's elegant details and the obsessive autobiographical accounting that drive their novels ; Nathalie Sarraute 's delicate and intimate precision ; and the bleak humor and disparaging , otherworldly hopelessness of Beckett 's contributions to the theater of the absurd .
Bove 's German translator , the Austrian novelist Peter Handke , made known Bove 's reputation beyond France at a time when their novels were forgotten . The poet and translator John Ashbery has also been a passionate advocate . After more than fifty years of obscurity following their untimely death in the summer of 1945 , Bove 's fiction has resurfaced in earnest and nurtured a younger generation of French novelists . Their influence among writers in English has also begun to blossom—thanks in no small part to stellar translations by Dominic di Bernardi ( A Singular Man , Quicksand ) , Nathalie Favre-Gilly ( The Stepson , A Winter 's Journal ) , Janet Louth ( My Friends , Armand , A Man Who Knows ) , and now Alyson Waters , who has added another outstanding contribution to Bove 's work in English . Henri Duchemin and Their Shadows collects many of their short stories and the novella Night Crime in one volume for the first time in English . This collection was originally published by Gallimard in 1939—just months before the outbreak of World War II .
Night Crime gloriously illustrates Bove 's ability to comfortably nest in the realms of the macabre with a delicate Kawabata-meets-Poe touch . In the richly nuanced and evocative dreamscape of the novella , we are introduced to the lonely and destitute Henri Duchemin on what can only be described as a singularly miserable Christmas Eve .
Henri Duchemin dreamed of supplicants , of owning houses , of freedom . But once their imagination had calmed down , it seemed the disorder of their room had grown , in contrast as it was with their reveries . A mirror in a bamboo frame reflected their face . They forgot everything and , talking to himself , gazed at their reflection to see what they looked like when they spoke . The flame was becoming so weak that now it lit only the table . It flickered on its wick . Suddenly it went out . Henri Duchemin , groping for matches , knocked over objects they did not recognize . Weary from searching , they sat in the armchair and closed their eyes so as not to see the darkness . The warmth from their body was slowly drying their clothes . They felt better . Soon it seemed to them that the floor was slipping away beneath their feet and that their legs were swinging in the void , like those of a child on a chair .
We follow a dreaming Henri though Paris as they contemplate suicide and befriends a criminal who convinces them that murdering a banker will guarantee them a lifetime of wealth . After the murder , Henri flees into the night with the banker 's bulging wallet tearing apart the breast pocket of their threadbare overcoat and attempts to assuage their guilt by offering handfuls of francs to the strangers they encounter . When dawn finally breaks , Henri awakens to the realization of their innocence , and the story ends with a great relief that lasts only for as long as the final paragraph allows .
It was around this time that Bove left Suzanne and their two daughters without an explanation or even a farewell . As soon as their divorce was finalized , Bove married Louise Ottensooser , a young Jewish woman from a well-to-do family . Louise reintroduced them to the high society that they first had experienced while living with their stepmother , and they found themselves completely alienated by it . At the same time their novels were growing longer and more nuanced , their writing having reached its full maturation , what was to be their peak , and they were able to live comfortably enough to write without having to worry about money .
Bove won the highly coveted Prix Figuière in 1928 for what many consider their finest work , La Coalition ( The Coalition ) , which remains criminally untranslated . For the next few years , until the Great Depression nearly wiped out the Ottensooser family fortune , they were at their most content . Throughout the 1930s , Bove produced a steady output of writing that enabled them to provide for their mother , their second wife , and their ex-wife and daughters .
A staunch antifascist , Bove was revolted by Pétain 's Vichy , and they courageously decided not to publish during the German occupation . Bove and Louise went underground and were eventually able to flee to Algiers in 1942 , where they wrote their last masterpiece , Le piege ( Quicksand ) , and the novels Depart dans la nuit ( Night Departure ) and Non-lieu ( No Place ) while living among the exiled . All three books depict the paranoia and hopelessness of those living compromised lives during the German occupation . These three books were not written from the luxury of perspective and are all the more remarkable for their artistry and focus , penned in real time . When the Germans were pushed out of France in 1944 , Bove and Louise were forced to linger in North Africa until they could scrape up enough funds to return to Paris . Bove was suffering from cachexia , a body-wasting disease , when their heart failed . They died in Paris on July 13 , 1945 , at age forty-seven .
This essay appears as the introduction to Emmanuel Bove 's Henri Duchemin and Their Shadows , reissued this month by The New York Review Books . Reprinted with permission .
Donald Breckenridge is the fiction editor of The Brooklyn Rail , coeditor of InTranslation , managing editor of Red Dust , and the author of more than a dozen plays , a novella , and the novels 6/2/95 , You Are Here , and This Young Girl Passing . They live in Brooklyn .
If you have talked to people about your history searching for jobs , they will usually ask about your worst job interview , or even if there was anyone you interviewed with that you just would n't take the job . Every company has their own issues , but some are clearly not as good as others . There are things that you like or dislike about a company based just on the brief interview process . You hope you asked the right questions during the interview to establish if this is a company you are going to enjoy working for , if the people you will be working with are going to annoy you , and if you will have an enjoyable work experience .
There are a few items that are red flags for most people , and they are easy to find if you ask the correct questions , and listen to the answers .
Management Dysfunction
You do n't want to work for a company if they are operating under management that is confused , dysfunctional , or absent . When you are asked if you have any questions during the interview , ask the interviewer if the department has solid , written , widely-used documentation for external support , internal support , software development processes , system change control , and if they recently updated management policies . If they seem confused by the question , change the subject , or maybe they just explain they do n't have those yet , you need to apply the brakes and look for an exit from the interview .
While some very small shops can get by with a seat-of-your-pants approach to information technology processes , a shop of more than a couple of people needs written procedures and policies . A really strong manager can lead a small group without formal written procedures , but this is fairly rare .
Do you want to come into a department that is in chaos ? A department without clear expectations , no written policies , and disorganized team procedures ? What you are looking at is a deeply ineffective IT team . You should n't be the one person hired to set the entire IT department on the road to written procedures , creating a solid development environment , creating a enhanced relationship with internal and external customers , and fixing everything that needs fixing while working with a management team that does n't have the knowledge , authority , or ability to do these things before you were hired .
No company is perfect . There will always be process improvements that can be made to get better results from any team . What we are talking about here is a really bad department with no formal processes or written documentation and a management team that does n't see an issue with that situation .
Poor Interview
The art of the interview is something that you have to learn . Most interviews fall in the average range , but you have probably seen really bad interviews . You will be more impressed by the department leadership , and the entire company , if the interview goes well .
Are they excited about technology ? Do they understand the technology used by their company , why they use that technology , and what skills are required to maintain that technology ?
Have they read your resume ? If you ca n't be bothered to read the candidates resume , are you serious about the process and serious about finding the best candidate for the position ? If you have ever been in an interview when the interviewer obviously has n't even looked at your resume , you know what I 'm talking about .
The company ca n't get the correct people into the interview , they are too busy and are using their cell phones during the process , or are confused about who you need to talk to next .
Too Formal
A business is expected to be business-like , and that requires a certain amount of formal work-related items like standard work hours , dress code , cubicles , etc . You have to look around and ask questions to determine how strict are these basic business requirements . Some things are big turn-offs and you should really consider you options :
Strict 8-to-5 work hours - If they expect you to support the production systems 24x7 , and still be present each morning at 8 am , that is a sign they are focusing on process over people . What is your acceptable work-to-life balance ?
Community Involvement - If they do n't support time out of the office for local user group meetings and SQL Saturday 's , how hard will it be to get a week or two out of the office for training each year ?
Old Technology - If they are n't willing to try new technology , that could spell real long-term issues if you have to support aging technology because no one trusts the new technology . Are they still running SQL Server 2000 and Windows XP ?
Cubicle Hell - You ask about an office , but they tell you this position ca n't have an office ? If that is n't something they are willing to discuss , this could mean there are some fairly strict company policies that might be illogical or too formal and are n't challenged by your team management . What else is out there that you will have to address after you take the job ?
Suits and Ties - Are you willing to `` dress up '' for work each day , or are you more comfortable with tee shirts and sandals ? You have to consider the environment if you ca n't compromise on dress code requirements . You also have to consider the extra cost of maintaining extra work-only outfits .
Ask Tough Questions
Other items that might set off your `` bad company '' radar are :
No computer , cell phone , or remote access definitions . Who supplies your technology ? How often are you allowed to get a new laptop or cellphone ?
They want to you to be on-call 24x7 , but they do n't supply a cellphone ?
Ask about vacation and sick days . Not just about your allowed vacation and sick days , but when was the last time someone on the team took a vacation . If they have n't been allowed vacation in a long time , maybe you do n't want to work there either .
Who looks at new technology ? If new projects are requests from other departments , is the analysis of new technology supported by IT management ?
Sample questions you might want to ask during your interview :
Why is this position available ?
What kind of turnover does this department/company have ?
What happened to the person that held this position before ? Was they promoted or fired ?
What do you like the most/least about working for this company ?
Can you describe the work environment ?
Can you describe the opportunities for training and professional development ?
What do you feel are the strengths/weaknesses of this company compared to the competition ?
Who investigates new technology at this company ?
Listen to the answers and do n't be afraid to pass on those jobs that do n't fit what you are looking for in a career . Can you think of additional questions you might ask to expose more about a company during the interview process ?
I hope this helps you understand that the questions you ask during the interview are important .
CRESTVIEW — A man was arrested for grand theft after stealing a chainsaw , then returning to the store and stealing suspenders .
According to an arrest report from the Crestview Police Department , on Nov. 29 the man was caught on surveillance video stealing a chainsaw valued at $ 600 from a Crestview store . The man was observed selecting the chainsaw , placing it by the back door and then walking past the point of sale without paying for it .
Two hours later , the man returned to the store and removed a $ 60 pair of suspenders from a display shelf and put them in their pants . They then proceeded to pay for some of the items they selected in the store before walking out of the store without paying for the suspenders .
The entire incident was caught on the store 's camera system .
The 26-year-old man was arrested for grand theft greater than $ 300 , a felony , and taken to the Okaloosa County Jail .
Tuesday marks the anniversary of a suspicious death during Chile 's dictatorship era – that of Chilean poet and diplomat Pablo Neruda on Sept. 23 , 1973 . Renowned for their passionate and politically-charged poetry , Neruda was one of the intellectuals greatly feared by Augusto Pinochet and their U.S.-backed dictatorship .
Culture – one of the pillars of President Salvador Allende 's revolutionary process – was to be severely suppressed by the dictatorship and its propagators tortured , murdered or exiled . Starting with la nueva canción Chilena , a revolutionary folk music movement , and moving on to the dissemination of literature , Neruda would become a prime target for the dictatorship following the suspicious circumstances under which Allende met their own death .
It is certain that Allende died during the coup staged by Pinochet 's forces . What remains unclear , however , is how . With the presidential palace La Moneda surrounded by Pinochet 's forces , Allende either committed suicide — as the official account of their death states — or was assassinated on Sept. 11 , 1973 .
As with Allende , there is a degree of uncertainty surrounding Neruda 's death . Official records indicate that the poet succumbed to advanced prostate cancer . This narrative remained uncontested until testimony from Manuel Araya , Neruda 's personal assistant and chauffeur , revealed a sinister plot culminating in the premeditated murder of the poet at the Santa Maria Clinic in Santiago , where Neruda sought refuge until plans for exile in Mexico were finalized .
In 2011 , Manuel Araya declared themselves the sole witness to Neruda 's murder , an act allegedly perpetrated by a CIA agent also working under the dictatorship . “ I only ask that the truth is uncovered . The truth is , Neruda did not die a natural death . Neruda died by injection , ” Araya insisted .
A compelling case for CIA involvement
Investigative reporter and author Francisco Marín has written extensively about the case , with their research being published in a 2012 book titled “ El Doble Asesinato de Neruda ” ( “ The Double Murder of Neruda ” ) . Based on extensive testimony offered by Araya , forensic evidence , and the circumstances surrounding the upholding of the official version despite the dissonance , Marín has managed to present a compelling case that the poet had indeed been murdered by the dictatorship .
Prior to their arrival at the Santa Maria Clinic , Neruda , a staunch Allende supporter and advisor , had been abandoned with their wife , Matilde Urrutia , and Araya at La Isla Negra , the poet 's coastal residence . Their only possible means of communication was a transmitter , which they used to contact the Mexican embassy .
Neruda 's plans following the takeover of the presidential palace involved going into exile to establish a proper resistance abroad . With the Mexican ambassador 's help , Neruda was transferred to the clinic by ambulance , where they would stay until plans for their exile were finalized . The voyage was replete with checks and surveillance . Such a wholly humiliating ordeal was a speciality of the Tejas Verdes contingent — the brigade under the command of Direccion de Inteligencia Nacional ( the National Intelligence Directorate , or DINA ) chief Manuel Contreras which was responsible for the worst atrocities committed during the dictatorship era .
On Sept. 22 , Neruda was advised that the plane offering safe passage to Mexico would leave Chile two days later , on Sept. 24 . As Matilde and Araya returned from La Isla Negra after packing the poet 's belongings , they claim to have discovered that something had been injected into Neruda 's stomach . Only moments later , Araya was entreated by a doctor at the clinic to “ urgently buy a remedy that is unavailable in the clinic. ” Sent to an obscure street away from the center of Santiago , Araya was ambushed , beaten , and wounded in the leg , then they were transferred to the Estadio Nacional — Chile 's national stadium which had been transformed into a detention and torture camp under Pinochet . Here , Araya endured severe torture by DINA .
The location of Neruda 's death and the suspected identity of the “ doctor ” who allegedly administered the toxic injection to the poet are especially significant points to examine . The Santa Maria Clinic has , in recent years , come under greater scrutiny with regard to human rights violations committed during the dictatorship era . Former Chilean President Eduardo Frei died at the clinic following surgery in 1982 . While their death was officially attributed to sepsis , it was later alleged that Frei had been administered toxic substances during their hospitalization , making Frei 's death another crime attributed to DINA .
Meanwhile , biological and chemical weapons experimentation formed a significant part of Pinochet 's dictatorship , with newly manufactured weapons routinely tested on tortured detainees . The manufacturing was the responsibility of biochemist Eugenio Berrios and former CIA and DINA agent Michael Townley , a U.S. citizen currently living under the witness protection program in their home country . Dr. Sergio Draper , a doctor who worked at the clinic during Neruda 's stay , has named Townley as the unidentified doctor who allegedly administered the toxic injection to the poet .
Townley 's stint in DINA was recorded by several witnesses , who have even placed them at the notorious Cuartel Simon Bolivar extermination site . Jorgelino Vergara Bravo , a former errand boy working under the command of DINA chief Contreras who was later transferred to the extermination center , witnessed Townley experiment with chemical weapons upon two indigenous detainees . Townley was also involved in the assassination of Chilean diplomat Orlando Letelier in Washington , on Sept. 21 , 1976 , for which they were convicted and sentenced to 62 months in prison in 1978 .
Meanwhile , shortly before their death , right wing-affiliated newspapers La Tercera and El Mercurio had slowly started reporting about Neruda 's allegedly deteriorating health . According to Marín 's research , Pinochet sought to quell Chilean sensitivity and forthcoming indignation at Neruda 's impending death by issuing a statement : “ Neruda is not dead . They are alive and free to travel wherever they like , as befits other people of old age and struck with infirmity . We do not kill anyone and , if Neruda dies , it will be of natural causes . ”
On Sept. 23 , El Mercurio reported that Neruda 's health had taken a turn for the worse — a report that coincided with the day the toxic injection was allegedly administered to Neruda .
Within the wider framework , the suspicious circumstances of Neruda 's death align perfectly with the brutal dynamics of the dictatorship . As with nueva canción musicians , writers and intellectuals were also targeted by the dictatorship , with many of them going into exile to escape torture and imprisonment . While attempts to fund and form resistance abroad resulted in predictable splits within the groups , Pinochet 's obsession with overseas opposition led to extreme measures of surveillance through collaboration with various agencies and embassies , as documented by authors Mauricio Weibel and Carlos Dorat . Had Neruda managed to escape Chile , a political resistance acknowledged abroad might have endured , as Allende had frequently visited Neruda at La Isla Negra , seeking the Communist Party member 's political advice .
Exhuming Neruda 's remains
In April 2013 , Pablo Neruda 's remains were exhumed to be tested for toxic substances , in order to challenge the state 's official stance that Neruda had succumbed to advanced and metastatic prostate cancer . The process leading to the legal order was fraught with difficulties , not least because the Neruda Foundation refused to cooperate , adamantly insisting upon the official version as the truth . Marín has uncovered other disturbing details about the Neruda Foundation , including its affiliation with Ricardo Claro , a torture coordinator under Pinochet 's dictatorship , who ran the Chilean enterprise Cristalerías Chile which provided funding to the dictatorship .
Preliminary investigations were inconclusive , determining that while no toxic substances were discovered in Neruda 's remains , further tests were to be conducted – thus leaving open the possibility of assassination .
Communist Party lawyer Eduardo Contreras has also requested DNA testing upon the remains to confirm that the exhumed body was indeed Neruda 's . Though ridiculed by many , this insistence on DNA tests is not excessive . In the 1980s Pinochet ordered the exhumation and destruction of the bodies of dictatorship victims under the codename “ La Operación Retiro de Televisores ” ( “ Operation of TV Removals ” ) . It 's possible that Neruda 's body may have been substituted for another .
Speaking to Marín , it is evident that impunity retains a stronghold in Chile , while the lack of conclusive evidence has kept the story away from prominent media .
“ I feel that no significant progress has been made . Last November the international commission of experts who analyzed the case failed to reach a determined conclusion , ” Marín told MintPress News . “ What has been repeated in the press is that Neruda was suffering from advanced cancer , thus the interested in the subject had dwindled . But the truth is that there is no proof that Neruda was suffering from advanced cancer . ”
On the subject of forensic evidence , Marín has spoken at length to forensic expert Luis Ravanal , who pointed out the medical inconsistencies that cast doubt upon the officially disseminated version of Neruda 's death .
Additionally , Marín noted that Neruda 's family , represented by legal attorney Rodolfo Reyes , asked for public clarification with regard to the presence of metastasis in the exhumed remains of Neruda , yet that request was not upheld .
“ The cause has also been severely affected by the fact that the most active player in this case , lawyer Eduardo Contreras , was appointed as ambassador to Uruguay , thus leaving a void with regard to the duties necessary to reach a conclusion in this case , ” they said .
However , Marín reserved harsh criticism for Chile 's Servicio Medico Legal ( SML ) – the entity responsible for forensic investigation with regard to crimes committed during the dictatorship era .
“ The most unfortunate thing is that the SML still does not recognize the obvious . Neruda was not suffering from cachexia at the time of death , as inscribed in the official documents from the Clinica Santa Maria and which was reproduced on the death certificate , ” they said .
Impunity and collaboration
The case of Pablo Neruda 's assassination reflects impunity and collaboration as prominent themes running throughout Chile 's dictatorship era and even into the present . Once again , the diverging memory frameworks in Chile are resonant , with agencies related to the state rarely discovering evidence that contradicts the widely corrupt disseminated narrative .
With regard to Neruda , the official version of their death has been formidably challenged by both Araya and Marín – the latter skilfully portraying the dynamics of the dictatorship , evident within other narratives , through the lens of Neruda 's particular case .
Rather than relying on the usual tactics of right-wing versus left-wing narratives , Neruda 's case should be considered as part of the multitude of human rights violations committed by the dictatorship – the murder of a man , as many others had been murdered , with one striking difference : In eliminating Neruda , Pinochet stood to extend their own political survival . Hence , forthcoming proof that Neruda had been murdered would constitute an addition to a series of politically motivated crimes — a means to ensure the permanent elimination of political opposition that could have properly challenged the dictatorship .
Franklin Evans ; or The Inebriate , is a temperance novel by Walt Whitman first published in 1842 . [ 1 ]
Plot overview [ edit ]
Franklin Evans or The Inebriate : A Tale of the Times , the first novel written by Walt Whitman , is the rag-to-riches story of Franklin Evans . Franklin Evans starts as an innocent young man , leaving Long Island to come to New York City for the opportunity to better himself . Being young and naïve , they are easily influenced by someone whom they befriended ( Colby ) and eventually becomes a drunkard . They try many times to abstain from alcohol but does not succeed until after the death of their two wives . Franklin Evans takes you through a journey of a young man living and learning through their mistakes , picking up life lessons along the way .
Contexts [ edit ]
An introduction to a modern reprint of Franklin Evans , written by Christopher Castiglia and Glenn Hendler , serves as a detailed preface to the novel . It incorporates a section about Walt Whitman 's early life to give readers an understanding about why they took up writing in the first place . After their childhood , they operated a hand press for both the Long Island Patriot and the Star until their family returned to rural Long Island . They soon began a journalistic career until becoming a teacher in 1836 . They earned a very small wage with which they were not satisfied , so they began their own weekly paper . From here , a concrete writing career began , and influential authors began to target Whitman 's work , including Park Benjamin , who published Franklin Evans in their own paper .
The authors also touch on Whitman 's journalism of the 1840s . They believe it represents the state of New York in a time of transition . Referencing one of Whitman 's pieces of literature , they write one of their statements regarding Chatham Square : `` In the middle are dray carts , coaches , and cabs : on the right , loom up small hills of furniture , of every quality , with here and there is an auctioneer , standing on a table or barrel top , and crying out to the crowd around him , the merits of the articles , and the bids made for them . '' This statement contains a great deal of nostalgia from past times , which alludes to change in social mobility from a changing economy .
Overall , Castiglia and Hendler offer a special focus on labor and social reform of the times as possible reasons for the novel . It is difficult for readers to formulate a rationale for why Whitman would write a book about a man ruining their life by indulging in intemperance . At the time , working-class individuals who read newspapers like Benjamin 's were becoming interested in tales of temperance . About 12 percent of American novels published during the 1830s concerned temperance fiction . Conforming to these social demands of the time period , Benjamin published Whitman 's story in their newspaper as a continuous series . This kept readers consistently wanting to read every issue , and more buyers of Benjamin 's paper . Hendler and Castiglia mention how Whitman did indeed oppose legal restraints on alcohol consumption because they believed they would not prove effectual , and how they were not `` one of those who would deny people any sense of delight . '' However , some of their literature up to 1840 had been used to discourage all forms of intemperance . Therefore , it is safe to say that Whitman only believed temperance would succeed if it was reformed . This is why Franklin Evans has been referred to as a supplement to America 's temperance reform . It is Whitman 's direct example of why intemperance is such a dangerous act , and needed to be rectified with regulations different from those that already were not successful .
Themes [ edit ]
Success after Struggle : Whitman conveys this theme through an entire novel of hardship . After battling times of intemperance since they first arrived in New York , Evans finally achieves some sort of satisfaction at the end . As a middle aged man at the conclusion of the novel , Evans states : “ So , at an age which was hardly upon the middle verge of life , I found myself possessed of a comfortable property ; and , as the term is ‘ unincumbered ' person-which means I have no wife to love me-no children to please me , and be the recipients of my own affection , and no domestic hearth around which we might gather , as the center of joy and delight. ” ( Whitman 107 ) . Readers can see that for someone as ill-behaved as Evans , whose poor judgement lost them nearly everything in their life , amends could still be made . They came to terms with their life and set themselves on a reformed path . It seemed as though nothing remotely good could come out of Evans 's situation after lost jobs , wives , and money , but that would have taken away from Whitman 's lesson that immense struggle will be balanced out with sort of success , or in Evans 's case , content frame of mind .
Change is Always Possible : Coinciding with Success after Struggle , Whitman conveys both themes in conjunction with one another . From the moment Evans took their first drink to the countless losses they experienced throughout the duration of the novel , it was tough to have much hope for him . They continuously chose intemperance over important aspects of life-for instance marriage . However , with the guidance of the Marchion family and some solid effort on their part , Evans changed their lives for the better . After finally experiencing some well due good fortune , Evans displays some newfound maturity with their statement `` My country relations were not forgotten by me in my good fortune . The worthy uncle , who had kindly housed and fed me when I was quite too small to make them any repayment for that service , received in their old age the means to render their life more easy and happy . My cousins too , had no reason to be sorry for the good-will which they had ever shown toward me . I was never the person to forget a friend , or leave unrequited a favor , when I had the payment of it in my power . '' ( Whitman 109 ) . Months and even years previous , it probably was not even possible for Evans to utter words of recognition . After realizing their faults and making the changes for a good life , Evans takes the time to acknowledge those who made a positive mark on their life . Even for someone with as many issues as Franklin Evans had , change is always possible .
Characters [ edit ]
Franklin Evans - The main character of the novel .
Colby - The first person whom Evans befriended . They introduced Evans to music halls , theaters and taverns when they first get to the city . In the end of the novel Evans sees Colby being made a fool of by some children for money . This image helps Evans reflect on what they could have become had they not quit drinking .
Mr. Lee - A gentleman who took a liking toward Evans . They helped them to get a job when first getting to the city and watched their life unfold from a distance . While on their death bed , Lee called for Evans to come see them and told them that they had left their fortune to him . Like their late wife , Evans was a drunkard but Evans did not let it take them to their grave . Mr. Lee felt that when Evans came to the city they should have watched over them as a father would and since they failed to do so they wanted to make up for their neglect .
Mary - Evans ' first wife . Evans and Mary are truly in love but they die because of their neglect toward them
The Marchion Family- After saving their daughter from drowning , the Marchion family helps Evans when they are thrown in jail and help him , both times they tried to abstain from alcohol .
Bourne - This is the friend whom Evans stays with when they leave the city and reintroduces them to drink .
Margaret - They were a slave but was giving their freedom when Evans decided they wanted to marry them Their marriage was not very pleasant because Evans did not really love her ; they only thought they did in their drunken state . Evans ' love for another woman leads them to commit murder and then suicide .
Mrs. Conway - After marrying Margaret , Evans meets Mrs. Conway and takes an instant liking to them They would spend more time with them than with their wife and would do anything for them Knowing that Evans would never say no to her , they ask for the brother of Margaret to be their servant . Evans complies with them and causes so much anger in Margaret that they plot to kill Mrs. Conway in their quest for revenge . When their plan backfires and their brother becomes ill and dies , Margaret decides to strangle them Not being able to live with the guilt , they kill herself .
Criticism [ edit ]
Two critics of Franklin Evans are Michael Warner and William Lulloff . In their paper , `` Whitman Drunk '' , Warner addresses a variety of the problems they have with Walt Whitman and Franklin Evans . Lulloff does the same in a shorter piece of criticism in `` The Walt Whitman Encyclopedia '' .
Whitman Drunk - Readers today often find Franklin Evans very unsatisfactory due to the fact that it was originally published in newspapers , Michael Warner states . When Whitman is talking about alcohol in Franklin Evans , they often seem to be thinking about something else . Most of the time , the idea of pleasure seems to be stuck in their brain . For example , they write `` Oh , fatal pleasure '' , not `` Oh , fatal alcohol '' . Whitman seems to make a great correlation between will and desire in their novel . Warner states that the temperance movement was one of a non-state society and Franklin Evans helped to mediate constitutive self-understanding . Commissioning fiction as propaganda had been a part of the public strategy of the temperance movement since 1836 , and Whitman went along with this idea . Because of this , both the temperance movement and Franklin Evans are in a context of non-state political association . Warner argues that hardly any bad situations follow directly after the consumption of alcohol in the plot of the story . The disasters of marriage , impulse , and a creole slave turning into a homicidal madwoman do not have to do with alcohol . Alcohol had so little to do with the story that Whitman had to change the title twice . The theme of the novel seems to be addiction , not alcoholism . It is not hard to hear some reference to the same-sex subculture of New York City in many passages . When talking about drunk men , Whitman focuses on the description of the men , not the alcohol they have consumed . This idea of sexuality is the main focus of many of Whitman 's poems , too .
The Walt Whitman Encyclopedia - In this piece of writing , William Lulloff starts off by stating that , at first , Walt Whitman disguised their authorship of the novel by assigning their name to be `` J.R.S. '' . This may have been because Whitman claims to have completed the novel in three days . Whitman even included short stories that they had previously written to shorten the amount of actual writing they had to do . Some of these possible short stories were about the Indian in chapter 2 , `` Little Jane '' in chapter 14 , and the allegorical dream in chapter 21 . Lulloff states that Whitman had called their novel `` damned rot—rot of the worst sort '' , and many people agree with this assessment . Lulloff also makes a point that this novel was meant to be in newspapers , so it does not flow like a book should . This should not surprise anyone , though , as Whitman states in the introduction that this novel `` is not written for the critics but for the people '' .
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Lulloff , William G. `` Franklin Evans ; or The Inebriate . '' The Walt Whitman Archive . Web . November 30 , 2010 . < http : //www.whitmanarchive.org/criticism/current/encyclopedia/entry_81.html > .
Warner , Michael . `` Whitman Drunk . '' Breaking Bounds . New York : Oxford UP , 1996 . 30–43 . Print .
Whitman , Walt , Christopher Castiglia , and Glenn Hendler . `` Introduction . '' Introduction . Franklin Evans , or The Inebriate a Tale of the Times . Durham : Duke UP , 2007 . Print .
Whitman , Walt , Christopher Castiglia , and Glenn Hendler . Franklin Evans , or The Inebriate a
Tale of the Times . Durham : Duke UP , 2007 . Print .
Do n't miss this underrated '90s gem getting a second life from the folks at Scream Factory .
The loss of most video rental stores has robbed filmgoers of the joy of discovery .
Sure , we can still scroll through titles on streaming devices and choose options that look “ watchable. ” What we ca n't replace is that tangible , concentrated search at a brick and mortar shop . We 'd crane our neck and search the shelves for titles , eye-catching cover art and random sleepers we 've never heard of for as long as the store would stay open .
I used to get a crick in my neck and an ache in my thighs for the long durations ( sometimes hours ) I 'd spend in a video store . I 'd scan through titles as though searching for the Lost Ark itself .
Video stores are where I discovered my love for Jean-Luc Godard ( it began with their “ Contempt ” ) , and experienced cult classics I was too young to see the first time ( like “ The Rocky Horror Picture Show ” and “ Eraserhead ” ) .
I found countless works , ranging from sublime to just silly , that I 'd never heard of before .
Dan O'Bannon 's “ The Resurrected [ Blu-ray ] ” is one of those movies I recall looking back at me from its shelf at the long-gone Videoland & TV where I used to work . Until a week ago , I never saw it and ca n't recall a former customer who had . It 's one of those unassuming horror movie sleepers that deserves better than remaining an obscure curiosity item .
John March , a low rent private eye ( played by prolific character actor John Terry ) is hired by Claire , a femme fatale ( Jane Sibbett of “ Friends ” and “ Herman 's Head ” fame ) , to investigate their husband . Unlike most neo noir thrillers , Claire 's scientist husband ( Chris Sarandon ) is n't committing infidelity but claims to be working on a life-altering project . They vanish for long hours into the night and is obsessed with their latest project .
Before long , corpses and slimy monsters start to pile up .
“ The Resurrected ” is based on H.P . Lovecraft 's “ The Case of Charles Dexter Ward ” and directed by Dan O'Bannon , solid genre pedigree that the film certainly lives up to .
RELATED : Why ‘ Eyes Wide Shut ' Caused a College Commotion
The introductory scenes and first two acts are dialog-driven and straightforward . Anyone who saw this and expected cheap thrills would be surprised by how much exposition , mood-building and conversation there is . While never boring , O'Bannon trusts that horror fans will be patient , absorb Lovecraft 's intricately written tale and be ready when it finally goes all-out bananas … which it finally does .
Following their cult favorite , “ The Return of the Living Dead , ” O'Bannon directs this with relative restraint . They carefully pace the narrative building of the first two acts before going full-tilt crazy in the grand finale . While not as unhinged as their prior film , this has an odd but charming blend of a classy , wink-free serving of the outrageous that mirrors the tonally similar ( if far more elaborate ) “ Lifeforce , ” which O'Bannon wrote .
For all the impressively grotesque monsters and flashes of gore , Sarandon is the film 's best special effect . Click To Tweet
It can be argued that a definitive adaptation of Lovecraft has yet to appear , as their enormously influential “ At The Mountains of Madness ” and “ The Call of Cthulu ” have never been made into films .
Stuart Gordon 's “ Re-Animator ” and “ From Beyond ” are perhaps the most famous and certainly the most outrageous Lovecraft films , though John Carpenter 's quasi-Lovecraft homage , “ In The Mouth of Madness , ” also bears mentioning .
Other Lovecraft stories-turned-films have been middling , with either budgetary restrictions or unfaithful screenplays doing a disservice to the scope of the author 's vision . O'Bannon 's film is a low budget B-movie , but it 's done with finesse and maximizes every opportunity it has to entertain and jolt its audience .
Terry and Sibbett are pretty good in the leads and Ray Romanus ( of “ Fast Times At Ridgemont High ” fame ) provides goofy comic relief as March 's right hand man . However , the film belongs to Sarandon , who plays the mysterious doctor with visible relish . Following their iconic turns in “ Fright Night ” and “ The Princess Bride , ” Sarandon gives real theatrical panache to their character . For all the impressively grotesque monsters and flashes of gore , Sarandon is the film 's best special effect .
“ The Resurrected [ Blu-ray ] ” by Scream Factory is a true gift for the film 's fanbase , as well as first-timers who will be curious as to the film 's production history after an initial view . Once again Scream Factory delivers a wealth of extras for a title few will remember . The company affectionately elevates the status of a forgotten B-movie by telling its extensive production history for the first time .
In addition to a nice 2K clean-up of the original print , there are great new interview with Sarandon , Sibbett , screenwriter Brent Friedman , composer Richard Band , FX artist Todd Masters and production designer Brent Thomas . They praise the late O'Bannon ( who I 've never seen filmed or photographed without wearing a bow tie ) and recall the film 's troubled production .
The best of the interviews actually comes from S.T . Joshi , author of “ I Am Providence : The Life and Time of H.P Lovecraft. ” With an assist from old photos , Joshi basically sits and tells us Lovecraft 's story and its surprisingly engaging and thorough just to hear them give it to us straight .
There 's also the U.S. and Japanese trailer , a photo gallery and deleted/extended scenes that offer more explicit gore . We also have footage of none other than Bruce Campbell introducing Quentin Tarantino at the Fangoria Chainsaw Awards to give O'Bannon a statue for making this film !
FAST FACT : Stephen King once called H.P . Lovecraft “ the twentieth century 's greatest practitioner of the classic horror tale . ”
Finally , the feature-length commentary ( by Romanus , Friedman , Masters and the producers ) is pretty good and offers some fun anecdotes . Overall , this is a top-shelf presentation of an undeservedly forgotten horror sleeper .
With its effective blend of detective thriller , fantasy and brutal horror , O'Bannon 's film is easy to recommend to horror fans . It may be an odd thing to declare but it 's true : “ The Resurrected ” cares about its audience .
Earlier this year , General Motors made a $ 500 million investment in Lyft , the ride-hailing start-up valued at $ 5.5 billion , and announced plans to create a partnership to develop self-driving cars . Now , the two companies are teaming up—and while they 're not exactly launching a fleet of autonomous vehicles , they are starting a program that coincides with one of Lyft 's longstanding goals : reducing car ownership while doing right by their drivers .
With Lyft and GM 's new Express Drive program , which launches Tuesday in Chicago , Lyft drivers will be able to rent vehicles from GM for anywhere from one to eight weeks at a time—potentially for free . If a Lyft driver completes more than 65 rides in a week , they pay no rental fee , insurance or maintenance costs ( although drivers do pay for their own gas ) . If drivers complete fewer rides , they pay $ 99 a week to rent the car .
The plan is theoretically beneficial for everyone involved . Drivers who could n't previously work for the service because they did n't have their own cars wo n't get turned away , incentivizing drivers who may otherwise have had to lease or purchase a car , placing them in a potentially tenuous financial position . And riders will wait less time when there are more cars on the road . “ On the rides business , Lyft gets all the revenue , ” Lyft C.E.O . John Zimmer told Re/code . GM , which has also revealed its own car-sharing brand called Maven , will make money from that business , they added . “ On the rentals business , that 's Maven , so we will make sure that GM is getting paid for those rentals , whether it 's coming from the drivers or us . ”
GM has already made its interest in autonomous vehicles clear—just last week , the carmaker announced it would be acquiring self-driving-car-technology start-up Cruise for a reported cost of more than $ 1 billion . A GM executive told TechCrunch that Express Drive helps to lay the groundwork for the future of self-driving cars . “ To create the infrastructure in many cities is very important , starting with ride sharing with Lyft . . . . We are looking at a different future going forward , ” Julia Steyn , GM 's V.P . of urban mobility said . “ Vehicles will . . . need to be managed . This is about creating better assessment and vehicles on demand. ” By subsidizing the cost of those vehicles , GM and Lyft 's new business model also takes aim at Uber , which has struggled to keep its drivers happy .
Right now , autonomous vehicles are still in their early days , and the space is only getting more crowded by the day . GM and Lyft , Uber , Tesla , Apple , and Google are all experimenting with very different visions for what our automotive future looks like . Some are feverishly building self-driving cars and want you to go out and buy one . Others want passengers to share their rides . Some companies want to give drivers the cars for free or subsidize their costs . Still others are offering equity for when they replace drivers with robots . This is a relatively new market , and there 's no guaranteed formula for success . Many of these companies seem to think the ride-sharing and autonomous-car markets will be so vast that there 's no need for them to be number one—or even two or three—in the market . Looking ahead , though , it 's hard not to think about which companies will be the winners , and which will eventually fold , merge , get bought , or be sold for pennies on the dollar , as they all pile in to this relatively unknown space .
Commissioned for and sponsored by the National Recording Preservation Board , Library of Congress
August 2010 . 169 pp .
ISBN 978-1-932326-36-9
CLIR pub148
PDF Download of Complete Report ( 1 MB file ) > >
Detailed Table of Contents , with links to specific pages > >
This is the first comprehensive , national-level study of the state of sound recording preservation ever conducted in the U.S . The authors , Rob Bamberger and Sam Brylawski , have produced a study outlining the web of interlocking issues that now threaten the long-term survival of our sound recording history . This study tells us that major areas of America 's recorded sound heritage have already been destroyed or remain inaccessible to the public . It suggests that the lack of conformity between federal and state laws may adversely affect the long-term survival of pre-1972-era sound recordings in particular . And , it warns that the continued lack of national coordination among interested parties in the public and private sectors , in addressing the challenges in preservation , professional education and public access , may not yet be arresting permanent loss of irreplaceable sound recordings in all genres .
This study lays the groundwork for the National Recording Preservation Plan that was mandated under the National Recording Preservation Act of 2000 and will be published by the Library of Congress later in 2010 . The National Recording Preservation Plan will make specific recommendations for addressing the complex problems revealed by The State of Recorded Sound Preservation in the United States .
Other reports related to this study can be found on this Web site :
( pub146 ) Protection for Pre-1972 Sound Recordings under State Law and Its Impact on Use by Nonprofit Institutions : A 10-State Analysis > >
( pub144 ) Copyright and Related Issues Relevant to Digital Preservation and Dissemination of Unpublished Pre-1972 Sound Recordings by Libraries and Archives > >
( pub137 ) Capturing Analog Sound for Digital Preservation : Report of a Roundtable Discussion of Best Practices for Transferring Analog Discs and Tapes > >
( pub135 ) Copyright Issues Relevant to Digital Preservation and Dissemination of Pre-1972 Commercial Sound Recordings by Libraries and Archives > >
( pub133 ) Survey of Reissues of U.S . Recordings > >
The outcome of pending cases is harder to predict now that Neil Gorsuch has been confirmed to the Supreme Court . With a seat vacant over the past year , the court had only three conservative justices and so tilted to the left . The most conservatives could hope for was a four-four tie if Anthony Kennedy voted with them . With Gorsuch , the court reverts to its four-four split between the left and the right , with Kennedy as the swing vote .
One case to watch is Trinity Lutheran Church of Columbia v. Comer . It 's the most important religious freedom case SCOTUS will consider during the 2017 term . Gorsuch has a record of ruling in favor of religious freedom .
This Is n't Just About a Playground …
Trinity Lutheran Church runs a child learning center in Missouri , and applied to the state 's Playground Scrap Tire Surface Materials Grant Program . The program recycles scrap rubber tires into rubber surfaces . This makes playgrounds safer for children and reduces the number of tires in landfills . The program is funded by a fee on tires .
The church serves an impoverished area . Children in the community use the playground after hours and on the weekends . Over 90 percent of the children who attend the preschool do not attend the church . The church 's application was ranked fifth out of 44 applicants . Fourteen applicants were awarded grants .
The issue is whether an institution can be denied access to a secular benefit program on the basis of its religious affiliation .
Despite this , the Missouri Department of Natural Resources rejected its application . The agency claimed that aiding a church playground violated the state constitution . It forbids funding “ directly or indirectly , in aid of any church , sect , or denomination of religion . ”
In response , the Alliance Defending Freedom sued the DNR . ADF argued that an institution ca n't be denied access to a secular benefit because it 's religious . A district court judge dismissed the suit . The church appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit . That court upheld the decision .
The church appealed again to the Supreme Court , which accepted the case . Oral arguments will begin April 19 .
Key Arguments
What Could Happen if the Court Rule Against the Church
• A city fixes the sidewalks downtown but leaves the cracks in front of a church preschool
• A state excludes religious organizations from a statewide asbestos removal program
• Police do n't respond to a break-in at a yeshiva or parochial school
The church believes the state is violating the First Amendment 's guarantee to freely exercise one 's religion . It also claims the state is violating the Fourteenth Amendment 's Equal Protection Clause . Since everyone who buys tires must pay the tax , religious people put money into the program — but ca n't benefit from it . Prior SCOTUS rulings on the First Amendment have called for neutrality . But in this case , the government is not acting in neutral way . It is singling the church out . The effect , if allowed to stand , would be that playgrounds in religious settings are less safe than playgrounds in public schools .
The state bases its position on the 2004 SCOTUS decision Locke v. Davey . That 7-2 decision held that students who seek a degree in devotional theology could not get a taxpayer-funded scholarship .
It 's hard to see how this case applies to Trinity Lutheran , however . In the 2004 case , the state banned funds being used for religious instruction . In contrast , Trinity Lutheran Church applied for funds to resurface a playground enjoyed by neighborhood children .
The New Partisan Balance
Supporters of the state 's position argue that a decision in favor of the church could mean that taxpayer funds would go to groups that “ discriminate ” based on sexual orientation . Since many churches teach that homosexuality is a sin , a decision in favor of the state could harm tens of thousands of religious groups . The ADF warns if the state 's practice becomes precedent , religious organizations could be excluded from the public square .
This is not the only religious freedom case Gorsuch will hear this term . Masterpiece Cake Shop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission will decide whether a baker has a First Amendment right to decline to bake a cake for a same-sex wedding if it violates their conscience to do so .
Gorsuch will serve to act as a check on recent power grabs by SCOTUS . Lacking a partisan balance on the Supreme Court last year , the left-leaning justices aggressively struck down legislation and issued far-reaching rulings in regards to education . In Whole Women 's Health v. Hellerstedt , a divided Supreme Court ruled against a Texas law that added abortion regulations . In Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin , the court ruled 4-3 upholding the university 's affirmative action program . In Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association , the court affirmed by a tie vote the rights of public unions to ask teachers to pay union dues . Had Gorsuch not been confirmed , the court would probably have ruled against the executive branch as well , when President Trump 's travel ban reaches certiorari .
Since Republicans hold both houses of Congress and the White House , it seems lopsided for a Supreme Court to hold so much power consolidated on the left — merely due to the absence of a conservative justice . This explains why Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) surprised many by holding firm to ensure Gorsuch 's confirmation . Gorsuch 's presence could reign in the left wing of the court , and ensure more of a balance between the three branches of government .
Follow Rachel on Twitter at Rach_IC
Former Rep. Ron Paul , R-Texas , contends Congress needs to do a much better job of keeping President Obama “ in check . ”
They were speaking in a podcast interview posted on their Ron Paul Institute website .
“ I 'm sure the founders would be astounded that this responsibility of the Congress to keep the executive branch in check was given up so easily , ” Paul said .
Speaking with libertarian commentator and author Charles Goyette , the former member of congress explained that the usurpation of power by the Oval Office happened gradually .
“ It was always conceded that you have to have a strong president [ in foreign policy ] , ” they said .
That power became “ contagious , ” said Paul , and spread to other policy areas .
Their comments came as debate over Obama 's use of executive orders has intensified .
“ It 's a defect in our understanding of our system , ” Paul said . “ The founders were well-intentioned , they devised a system with separation of powers , a balance of powers , with Congress leading the three areas . ”
Paul said Congress is “ supposed to be the most important body . ”
“ Yet Congress for some reason – I imagine it 's also a reflection of what so many of us have been taught in school – [ succumbed ] , ” they said
“ It 's something I fought about all the time … the responsibility that Congress has , and not just always defer to the president . ”
They pointed to Congress ' responsibility for trade agreements and investigations .
“ Who 's supposed to investigate the NSA , the FBI ? ” they asked .
“ One thing I think that is good coming out of this thing with the NSA , more and more Americans are skeptical of the government , are not depending on the government to tell them the truth , ” they said .
WND reported this week Obama themselves once said executive orders ca n't simply be substituted for legislation from Congress , because of the Constitution and the fact that the United States is a “ nation of laws . ”
The president has been quoted several times in recent weeks saying that if they do n't get what they want from Congress , he 'll do it themselves through executive orders .
“ We 're not just going to be waiting for legislation in order to make sure that we 're providing Americans the kind of help they need . I 've got a pen , and I 've got a phone , ” Obama said Jan. 14 .
“ And I can use that pen to sign executive orders and take executive actions and administrative actions that move the ball forward in helping to make sure our kids are getting the best education possible , making sure that our businesses are getting the kind of support and help they need to grow and advance , to make sure that people are getting the skills that they need to get those jobs that our businesses are creating . ”
He 's already used executive orders to seal presidential records , create commissions , advance an pro-amnesty agenda and more .
In a lengthy interview article for the New Yorker , author David Remnick recounted Obama 's confession in a fundraising speech .
“ If , in fact , I could solve all these problems without passing laws in Congress , then I would do so , but we 're also a nation of laws , ” Obama said .
Remnick wrote , “ Then it happened again : another heckler broke into Obama 's speech . A man in the balcony repeatedly shouted out , ‘ Executive order ! , ' demanding that the president bypass Congress with more unilateral [ immigration ] actions . Obama listened with odd indulgence . Finally , they said , ‘ I 'm going to actually pause on this issue , because a lot of people have been saying this lately on every problem , which is just , ‘ Sign an executive order and we can pretty much do anything and basically nullify Congress . ' ”
Many in the crowd , Remnick wrote , applauded .
“ Yes ! Nullify it ! Although Obama has infuriated the right with relatively modest executive orders on gun control and some stronger ones on climate change , they have issued the fewest of any modern president , except George H.W . Bush , ” wrote Remnick .
“ ‘ Wait , wait , wait , ' Obama said . ‘ Before everybody starts clapping , that 's not how it works . We 've got this Constitution , we 've got this whole thing about separation of powers . So there is no shortcut to politics , and there 's no shortcut to democracy . ”
A top legal commentator , former Judge Andrew Napolitano , told WND there are few limits on what Obama could include in their orders , and fighting back is a long and hard course .
“ There really is no line , ” the judge told WND in an interview Wednesday . “ We have the welfare state , the warfare state , we also have the administrative state . ”
That , they said , allows a president through their appointees to issues rules and regulations , impose requirements and change America .
Only when a federal agency “ abuses its discretion , ” as determined by the courts , are the reins drawn , Napolitano explained .
Even the the far left-leaning FactCheck wrote of Obama : “ It 's true that President Obama is increasingly using their executive powers in the face of staunch Republican opposition in Congress . He 's changed federal policies on immigration and welfare and appointed officials without congressional approval . ”
It was a presidential aide to Bill Clinton , Paul Begala , who put the controversy into perspective back in July 1998 .
“ Stroke of the pen . Law of the land . Kinda cool , ” they said , delighting in how the Clinton machine was able to simply dictate what it wanted to have happened .
If Obama 's goal is more executive actions , he 's been preparing for it . They recently appointed John Podesta , founder of the Center for American Progress , as their counselor .
Podesta specializes in the use of executive authority to bypass Congress , particularly to enact “ progressive ” change .
It was reported Podesta will help the White House on “ matters related to the health care law , administration organization and executive actions , ” with particular focus on so-called climate-change issues , according to a person familiar with the plans .
In November 2010 , they co-authored a 48-page Center for American Progress paper titled “ The Power of the President : Recommendations to Advance Progressive Change . ”
“ The U.S. Constitution and the laws of our nation grant the president significant authority to make and implement policy , ” wrote Podesta in the paper 's introduction .
“ These authorities can be used to ensure positive progress on many of the key issues facing the country through executive orders , rulemaking , agency management , convening and creating public-private partnerships , commanding the armed forces … diplomacy . ”
WND reported in 2012 that Michael Boldin of the nation 's Tenth Amendment Center explained how the system is supposed to work :
“ In Article I Section I of the Constitution we learn that all legislative powers reside in Congress . The executive branch has the responsibility to execute the laws passed by Congress . An executive order is not legislation . It is an order issued by the president to enforce laws passed by Congress . This is backed by the declaration that the president ‘ take care that the laws be faithfully executed ' made in Article II , Section 3 , Clause 5 . Thus , executive orders can only be used to carry out the will of Congress ( which is only supposed to be passing laws in line with the Constitution ) , and not to issue new policy . ”
Pastor Maldonado has pointed the finger at Esteban Gutierrez for leaving them nowhere to go and causing the incident that saw the Sauber car flip over onto its roll cage .
Heading down into the first corner , the two drivers made contact and Gutierrez 's car flipped before finally coming to rest the right way up in the run off area . The Mexican driver walked away unharmed , but was taken to hospital shortly after the race for a routine check-up . The team has since confirmed that they got the all clear from the officials in Bahrain .
Maldonado was immediately given a 10 second stop/go penalty by the flight attendants , as well as being handed a five place grid penalty for the next race in China and three penalty points on their FIA superlicense . However , the Lotus driver has pointed the finger at Gutierrez for causing the incident .
“ We will need to have a look again at what happened as Esteban seemed to be off their line coming into turn one , ” Maldonado explained to the media in Bahrain . “ Maybe they missed their braking point , I do n't know . And by then I was in the corner with nowhere to go .
“ For sure it 's difficult to understand and I was coming out from the pits and with cold tires , ” they added . “ I think they were very unlucky and it 's good they jumped straight out of the car . ”
Maldonado 's reputation for being a rather haphazard driver will have not been aided by today 's incident , but as they said , the main point is that Gutierrez walked away unharmed for the crash .
Follow @ LukeSmithF1
Researchers have developed a technique that allows them to rapidly thaw cryopreserved human and pig samples without damaging the tissue - a development that could help get rid of organ transplant waiting lists .
Cryopreservation is the ability to preserve tissues at liquid nitrogen temperatures for long periods of time and bring them back without damage , and it 's something scientists have been dreaming about achieving with large tissue samples and organs for decades .
Not only for the life-extending applications we 've read about in sci-fi novels , but , more feasibly , because the technology could allow hospitals to safely store organs for long periods of time .
Right now , 22 people die in the US each day on average while waiting for an organ transplant . One of the biggest challenges is n't organ shortages - it 's that organs ca n't stay 'on ice ' longer than a few hours without being irrevocably damaged .
That means even when there are enough organs being donated , there 's still the huge logistical problem in finding a matching recipient and getting the organs to them fast enough .
Already it 's estimated that more than 60 percent of the heart and lungs donated for transplantation each year are thrown out , because they ca n't be kept on ice more than four hours , and ca n't make it to a patient who needs them in that time .
`` If only half of these discarded organs were transplanted , then it has been estimated that wait lists for these organs could be extinguished within two to three years , '' the researchers , led by John Bischof from the University of Minnesota , write in Science Translational Medicine .
A better solution could be cryopreservation - keeping tissue stored at temperatures around -80 to -190 degrees Celsius ( -112 to -310 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
One of the leading cryopreservation techniques is vitrification - which involves super-cooling biological samples to a glassy state at around -160 degrees Celsius ( -256 degrees Fahrenheit ) . In fact , vitrification is already being used on human brains by cryonics companies such as Alcor .
Through vitrification , organs could be stored for years and potentially even longer , which would mean doctors could build up a bank of available organs and make it a lot easier for anyone who needs a heart or lung to find one straight away .
But while we 've managed to get the cooling part down , the problem is that the thawing process can cause ice crystals to form and damage tissue , and potentially even crack it during the thawing process .
In the past , researchers have successfully shown that thawing can work in small tissue samples up to around 1 mL in volume . But as tissue gets larger , and approaches the size of entire human organs , the current leading technique of convection - slow warming over ice - does n't work .
That could be about to change , with the Minnesota team announcing the development of a new technique that 's allowed them to rapidly rewarm cryogenically treated human and pig samples without damaging delicate frozen tissues .
`` This is the first time that anyone has been able to scale up to a larger biological system and demonstrate successful , fast , and uniform warming of hundreds of degrees Celsius per minute of preserved tissue without damaging the tissue , '' said Bischof .
Instead of using convection , the team used nanoparticles to heat tissues at the same rate all at once , which means ice crystals ca n't form , so they do n't get damaged .
Manuchehrabadi et al. , Science Translational Medicine ( 2017 )
To do this , the researchers mixed silica-coated iron oxide nanoparticles into a solution and generated uniform heat by applying an external magnetic field .
They then warmed up several human and pig tissue samples ranging between 1 and 50 mL , using either their new nanowarming technique and traditional slow warming over ice .
Each time , the tissues warmed up with nanoparticles displayed no signs of harm , unlike the control samples .
You can see the comparison below , with the nanowarming group on the left of the red line , and the control groups on the right :
Manuchehrabadi et al. , Science Translational Medicine ( 2017 )
Afterwards , they were able to successfully wash the nanoparticles away from the sample after thawing .
The team also tested out the heating in an 80 mL system - without tissue this time - and showed that it achieved the same critical warming rates as in the smaller sample sizes , suggesting that the technique is scalable .
`` In short , nanowarming matches fast convective warming viability and biomechanical testing at 1 mL , is superior to convective warming at 50 mL , and is physically scalable to 80-mL systems , '' the team writes .
`` In the future , we believe that nanowarming can be applied to larger tissues and organs up to volumes of 1 litre and possibly beyond . ''
You can see a video of tissue being thawed out in less than a minute below :
The team admits that larger tissue - and even whole organs - will need to have the nanoparticles injected into them , rather than just sitting around them , to achieve the same uniform heating , but it 's something they want to try next .
It 's important to note that the team has n't successfully shown that their technique actually works on organs , which are made up of complex arrangements of multiple tissue types .
That 's something that will require a lot of optimisation and tweaking , so we 're a long way off being able to bring organs back from cryopreservation . But it 's the first time we 've seen such large volumes of tissue successfully be thawed from a cryopreserved state , and that 's pretty exciting .
The research has been published in Science Translational Medicine .
Any and all discussion relating to Rocket League . Post feedback and suggestions here !
Next Display topics from previous : All Topics 1 day 7 days 2 weeks 1 month 3 months 6 months 1 year Sort by Author Post time Replies Subject Views Ascending Descending
Return to Board index
Jump to : Select a forum -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Rocket League Official Messages General Discussion Replays and Live Streams Community Tournaments Team Intros and Recruitment Suggestions Help and Support Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars Official Messages General Discussion Tournaments and Challenges Looking for Game North America Europe Team Recruitment North America Europe Replays Suggestions Help Off-Topic Off-Topic
Who is online
Users browsing this forum : No registered users and 10 guests
Forum permissions
You can not post new topics in this forum
You can not reply to topics in this forum
You can not edit your posts in this forum
You can not delete your posts in this forum
You can not post attachments in this forum
posted by SohNata
ADVERTISING :
predictions
DK backstage during WPC-ACE .
ChuaN is odds on to return to the TI stage with iG .
r0tk is likely to get a chance to cross paths with Loda again .
Zephyr have got the job done in Korea , but will they get a chance to qualify ?
In all of the recent news stories about men in Hollywood abusing their power — from Harvey Weinstein to Kevin Spacey to Brett Ratner to Michael Oreskes — one line in particular stood out to comedian Jenny Yang . It was : “ That experience caused them to lower their aspirations. ” It was about the then-young women in journalism affected by NPR news editor Oreskes ' inappropriate behavior , but it could have been about anyone .
“ I thought , ‘ This is it . ' Everything we talk about in the realm of diversity and representation . When we throw around big words like rape culture , harassment and assault , it all boils down to that at every level of the pipeline — creatively , of deals being made , of people being seen and understood , of self-censorship and your own critical voice . That is what happens in that environment . We take ourselves out of the game , ” Yang said on a panel celebrating Asian-American women in comedy hosted by Comcast NBCUniversal and the Center for Asian American Media ( CAAM ) .
While Yang noted that they hope there are “ a lot of consequences ” for the abusers who are being outed , they said that what is happening right now has the opportunity to “ upend ” the system and make a transition . “ The current power structure does n't work for us anymore , ” they said .
Related AMC , CBS , CW Have a ‘ Black Problem ' in Writers Rooms , New Report Finds
Yang was n't just referring to the specific harassment so many women have faced over the years at the hands of powerful men but also the systematic silencing of voices of many minorities that has come from years of underrepresentation in the media .
“ I think what 's unfortunate is that we do n't have enough of a mainstream pop culture vernacular about Asian-American culture to just pluck it from the ether , where we could just say , ‘ What is the Asian-American response to that ? ' That 's not a thing yet , ” Yang said . “ What we 're doing , organizing our own 700-seat theaters , doing our own viral videos , having our own internships , starting our own CAAMs , that 's our way of saying ‘ How do we break through into the mainstream vernacular so we have points of reference that everyone will get ? ' So it 's not always us scratching to be at the table . ”
Colleen McGuinness , who is now co-executive producer for Netflix 's “ Friends From College ” and writer on Alan Yang 's upcoming Amazon comedy , came up through a diversity program at NBC . In their earliest days they said other writers would single them out as “ the minority staff writer , ” and even a few years later when they worked on the short-lived series “ Miss Match , ” they remember “ all four leads on that show were just white and no one was ever saying ‘ Let 's bring on more diverse people. ” But today , they say , there is progress being made , even if slowly .
“ Every room I 've worked in in the past five years has been diverse , and no one is commenting or singling you out . But I think too many of the top , top , top positions are white men . There 's nothing wrong with having a white man there , but there needs to be other people represented — women , women of color , people of color , ” McGuinness said . “ Some people do n't get that we live in a very colorful world and we should make stuff for everybody . So I think it 's up to us to keep making our art and making sure it reflects what we see and the points of view that we want . If we start doing it on the ground floor and it catches on , then they ca n't fight that because everyone wants to make money . ”
Having more diverse voices in writers rooms and at the executive level will open up storytelling beyond tokenism and stereotypes , but it will also allow actors to have the opportunity to play a more fully realized character . Writer and actor Tess Paras said that they go on auditions that are calls for “ any ethnicity ” or Asian-American and often feels like they have to explain themselves before they even get to just do the scene .
“ In some scenarios I have to go , ‘ Hi , I have an Asian face and a Spanish last name , and let me give you a quick lesson on colonization , ” said Paras , who is Filipina . “ There 's always these little conversations I have to have as a Filipino-American actor , as an Asian-American actor . We 're not quite there yet , but we will get there when these stories become more prolific and we have a presence out there and you get to know a little bit more about what an Asian face and a Spanish last name equals . ”
Paras added that it often takes the community elevating itself by having the next generation stand on the shoulders of those who came before , as well as everyone still working and active constantly supporting each other .
“ You see on Twitter when somebody 's like , ‘ Oh we ca n't find a person to fill that role , ' Asian Twitter is all over that . ‘ I know this person , and I know this person , and I know this person . ' So do n't say you ca n't find them because we 're all here , and we 're all shouting each other 's names from the rooftops , ” Paras said .
Documentarian-turned-television comedy director Geeta Patel said that there is something exciting about being a part of the media in that way , at this time in history . “ We went through a year where minorities were being pushed down and we were deporting people , ” they pointed out . “ But we 're going to show our stories and tell our stories and make you watch them because they 're really good . ”
When Patel was traveling the world for their documentaries , they spent most of their time trying to showcase a project about non-violence in war zones like Somalia or Rwanda or Belarus . “ They would skip a meal to watch the new American rom-com or action movie . And so you realize the power we have as storytellers in the commercial space , ” Patel said . “ You realize the messages that we can portray around the world or even in our own country . We can make a difference through our media and create change and really turn it around . ”
Déstockage + 25000 Vinyles ! ! ! ! Vinyl-Street Weeks ! ( Paris 3e )
Organisé par Vinyl Street , un disquaire ouvert depuis 1999 , ce marché aux vinyles est certainement l'un des plus imposants , avec pas moins de 25 000 références proposées . Du jeudi 9 au dimanche 12 , une sélection électro , hip-hop , world , funk et soul sera distillée dans les bacs , au prix dérisoire de 5€ pièce pour les LP et les Maxi , et seulement 3€ au-delà de 10 disques . Excellente initiative : les caisses seront renflouées au fur et à mesure , afin que les premiers arrivés ne raflent pas toutes les pépites . Dusty Fingers , DJ Noway et Cebrak 2000 officieront en DJ-set , et ça se passe au 59 rue Notre-Dame de Nazareth .
Événement Facebook
1er Vintage Vinyles Market - La Petite Criée ( Pré Saint-Gervais , 93 )
Samedi 11 mars , de 9 heures à 18 heures , le service culturel de la mairie du Pré Saint-Gervais organise avec le disquaire Mood le premier Vintage Vinyles Market . Cette journée consacrée à la `` musique analogique sous toutes ses formes '' sera animée par les bénévoles Emmaüs Coup de Main de Pantin . L'ancienne halle aux poissons La Petite Criée accueillera ce joyeux événement , et des stands seront mis à disposition de personnes désireuses de se séparer de leurs vinyles , équipement Hi-Fi , instruments de musique ...
Événement Facebook
Vinyle Village # 4 - La Capela ( Paris 10e )
Pendant deux jours , du 11 au 12 mars , 23 heures , les deux collectifs Increase the Groove et Parallele s'associent une nouvelle fois pour créer le Vinyle Village . L'événement proposera une sélection variée alliant house , techno et minimale , ou encore le reggae , le hip-hop , le rock ou la pop . Cette quatrième édition se tiendra au squat artistique La Capela , en présence de House Monkey Records , Musart Concept Label , Nowadays Records , Vernacular Music , La Freak et Vinyl it . Venez acheter vos vinyles et les tester dans la foulée : chaque jour , les platines seront ouvertes au public de 13 heures à 17 heures , avant les DJ-sets des collectifs organisateurs qui se succèderont jusqu ' à 22 heures . L'entrée est libre avant 18 heures , après quoi le prix d'entrée se jouera au dé .
Événement Facebook
Vente de vinyles - L'Épicerie Musicale ( Paris 10e )
Le 55 bis Quai de Valmy accueillera une vente de vinyles axée pop , rock , indie , new wave , punk , world , jazz , soul , funk , hip-hop . Les nouveautés y côtoieront une sélection de disques soldés , avec une fourchette de prix allant de 5 euros ( 10 euros les 3 ) à 40 euros le vinyle . La cuisine italienne de l'Épicerie Musicale saura également rassasier les chineurs affamés .
Événement Facebook
Pitch Your Sunday / Foire aux disques d'occasion ( Paris 19e )
Depuis quelque temps déjà , Pitch Your Sunday est devenu un rendez-vous prisé des amateurs de musiques électroniques . Organisé par Mercredi Production , l'événement investira ce dimanche l'espace à la Folie pour une foire aux disques d'occasion . Pitch Your Sunday entend faire se rencontrer les passionnés et les artistes que l'on a plutôt l'habitude de voir derrière une paire de platines : parmi les exposants présents , l'on retrouvera ainsi Alex & Laetitia Katapult , Jef K , Paco , Seuil , Le Loup , Dr Eguobhum ( Xanadu ) , DJ FEX , Claude Sérieux , JN/WL aka Jean Nipon , Martin Debaere , Largo , Sofiane Bouzadi , Quentin Dymko , Felix Dulac ( Most Wanted/Ghost Club ) , Fabrice Desprez ( Phunk ) , Los Tapas Discos ( Ben Carles , David Bergot , Timothy Dille , Alex Mimikaki ) , Guillaume Le Roux ( 716 La Vie ) , ou encore Deviant Disco . L'entrée est à 2 euros et gratuite pour les enfants .
Événement Facebook
Gingrich said it was `` amazing that Trump is as close as they are right now . '' | AP Photo Gingrich : Without media 'assault , ' Trump would be up 15 points
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich on Sunday blamed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump 's poor position in the polls on media bias , arguing the real estate mogul would otherwise be far ahead of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton .
`` I think that without the unending one-sided assault of the news media , Trump would be beating Hillary by 15 points , '' Gingrich told ABC 's `` This Week . ''
Story Continued Below
Gingrich , a prominent Trump surrogate , said it was `` amazing that Trump is as close as they are right now . ''
They also dismissed as `` nonsense '' accusations by Clinton 's campaign that WikLeaks and the Russian government were attempting to influence the election through the release of unflattering Democratic emails .
`` So the news media 's one-sidedness is the worst I 've seen in my lifetime , and I 'm old enough that 's a fairly long statement , '' said Gingrich , who turned 73 in June .
Gingrich also said they think voters should monitor polling stations , to keep the election from being stolen .
The truth behind venture socialist Elon Musk & the Paris deal
With President Trump declaring that the U.S. is leaving the Paris climate agreement , Elon Musk 's unsteady business model of relying upon government cash has become even more threatened .
The Tesla and SpaceX CEO has made billions of dollars off the backs of involuntary contributions from the American taxpayer , and America 's withdrawal from the global climate accord spells troubling times ahead for the entrepreneur .
After Trump 's announcement Thursday afternoon , Musk promptly declared that they were leaving the president 's advisory council .
Am I departing presidential councils . Climate change is real . Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world .
— Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) June 1 , 2017
Their decision was hailed as a principled , selfless act on behalf of the planet . News outlets like CNN , The Washington Post , The New York Times , and countless others glorified Musk 's decision to sever ties with the president .
However , a closer review of Musk 's energy businesses shows a much more self-centered motive was likely in play .
All of the tech pioneer 's major businesses rely on taxpayer subsidies . But specifically concerning the Paris agreement , America 's withdrawal most threatens their Tesla solar subsidiary . The fact SolarCity has already received around $ 1.5 billion ( thanks to massive , cronyist tax credits ) , and hardly pays any taxes , seems not to enter into the equation for Musk .
When former President Barack Obama committed America to the deal , SolarCity stocks jumped 12 percent in one day . After the election of Donald Trump , who has long been a skeptic of climate change alarmism , Musk 's energy businesses has taken a plunge .
The Paris agreement devoted the United States to the principle of “ enhanced deployment of renewable energy. ” As demand for residential solar installations continues to slow , U.S. commitment to the agreement would serve as a lifeline for SolarCity , as it owns about 35 percent of the solar residential market share .
Even on the backs of the American taxpayer , however , SolarCity consistently reports quarterly losses to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars . Last year , the company reported a net loss of over $ 820 million and laid off thousands of employees in response .
That 's why it was so important for Musk for the U.S. to stay in the climate deal . It plausibly had little to do with the climate , and everything to do with their bottom line .
Under President Obama , the United States delivered billions of dollars to the Paris accord 's Green Climate Fund for renewable projects . Now , Musk must syphon local and state governments — which have unilaterally committed to the Paris agreement —for their green dollars .
Elon Musk is no “ planet-saving superhero. ” They are the ultimate venture socialist — a man who has mastered the art of forcing citizens to subsidize their businesses because their projects can not make it on their own . Was Musk on the president 's council simply to try and convince Trump to further bail out their companies , to the detriment of the American people ?
How do we stop the mainstream media from warping the national narrative ? We push back together . With the truth . Be the first to receive CRTV ? s free weapon against the worst the media has to offer . Introducing WTF MSM ! ?
BOSTON -- Boston Celtics center Kevin Garnett made cryptic comments about their future after Wednesday 's win over the Chicago Bulls , hinting that this could be their final year in the league .
Garnett , set to be a starter in their 15th All-Star appearance , affirmed that this would be their last All-Star Game . When a reporter asked how they could be so certain with two years remaining on their contract , Garnett replied , `` Y'all do n't know what I know . ''
The 36-year-old Garnett has hinted at retirement numerous times in the past , but they signed a three-year , $ 36 million contract extension with Boston this offseason . Garnett could simply mean they have no plans to attend a future All-Star Game , but they were remarkably certain in their declaration that this will be their final trip to the midseason exhibition , noting that he 's bringing in family and friends to celebrate the occasion .
`` I 'll put it just like this : I 'm more than grateful that I 'm going to this game , '' said Garnett . `` I 'm not going to act like I got more All-Star Games in me , or whatever . So I 'm actually going to enjoy this one with some friends and family . That 's what I meant . ''
Garnett kept it light while talking about their plans for this year 's game in Houston .
`` The All-Star experience , for me , is more for friends and family who have never been , '' they said . `` You always have that wild-ass uncle who shows up , or you 've got that friend that you always have to pull to the side and have that little conversation with . It 's no different for me . It 's a fun time , though . ''
Garnett said he 'll balance family time with relaxation and the league-mandated obligations that go along with All-Star weekend . They stressed that they need the downtime after an emotionally draining close to the first half which saw Boston win eight of nine despite losing three key members of its rotation in Rajon Rondo , Jared Sullinger and Leandro Barbosa .
Celtics coach Doc Rivers actually gave Garnett the option of taking Wednesday 's game off after a grueling back-to-back earlier this week , which saw Garnett log 47 minutes in a triple-overtime win over the Nuggets ( the most he 's ever played in Boston ) before playing 29 minutes in a loss in Charlotte the next night .
`` [ Rivers ] gave me the opportunity to take the night off . I should have taken that , '' joked Garnett . `` I see everyone in here playing through everything , I 'm no different than that . Paul [ Pierce ] is tired , everybody 's tired . No one is full of energy right now . I thought that was unfair . If [ Rivers ] wants to give everybody the night off , but that was n't an option . So I came out and gave what I could ; tried to play hard , as always . ''
Garnett played a manageable 26 minutes against Chicago , but still finished with 12 points and 11 rebounds , scoring eight of those points on 4-of-5 shooting over 10:38 in the final frame as Boston rallied from a seven-point deficit to win .
Said Rivers : `` I really was mad at myself because I had written down right after the Denver game to make them stay in Boston ; do n't even let them fly to Charlotte . And I kind of let everyone talk me into it . And I did n't think they should have even played in that game . I thought that three-overtime game , plus that game , flying back , getting in late , I just thought they did n't have legs . And , fortunately , we rested them just enough that they were strong enough down the stretch [ on Wednesday ] . ''
By Ken Perrott • 07/04/2016 This post was syndicated from Open Parachute - View original source
This tactic often comes up in discussions related to scientific and religious issues .
It 's usually used by someone who has made a claim and then been asked for evidence to support it . Their response is to demand that you show that the claim is wrong and if you ca n't , to insist that this means their claim is true .
Science or Not has a brief article on this at The reversed responsibility response – switching the burden of proof . It says :
“ People use this tactic to avoid supplying supporting evidence – usually because there is none . In attempting to distract you from this lack of evidence , they try to convince you that the responsibility of supplying evidence lies with you . ”
This can be relatively trivial – a person might claim that there is plenty of evidence that climate change science is a scam or that community water fluoridation ( CWF ) is harmful . When asked for supporting evidence they ask you to “ look it up ” or “ google it ” yourself – implying that you are lazy to even ask then for their supporting evidence .
We ca n't prove the impossible
Then there is the philosophically dishonest reversal of responsibility where they demand , for example , the supporter of CWF cite studies showing CWF does not cause harm . Dishonest because that is not how science works – it seeks to test specific situations for harm . One might produce study after study showing no specific harm but it is impossible to design a study showing anything is “ safe. ” The person can , therefore , dismiss each example showing no specific harm by insisting that this does not prove it is safe in all situations .
“ Reversing the burden of proof is a form of the argument from ignorance fallacy , in which it is argued that a claim must be taken as true if it has n't been shown to be false . ”
Yet , ideologically driven activists will often use this argument – maybe dressed up as the “ precautionary principle. ” For example , they will make submissions to community bodies conceding that perhaps they can not produce any decisive studies showing CWF is harmful but the “ precautionary principle ” means that it should not be used until research shows it to be completely safe .
This is simply using ignorance – on the part of members of the community body as well as the activist – to prevent acceptance of a policy which is recommended by experts and health authorities . It 's an attempt to destroy the authority of evidence and science which should be centrally considered in such decisions .
What to do when confronted by this tactic
The Science or Not article gives advice on how to treat such tactics :
“ Do n't be tempted to take on the task of falsifying the perpetrator 's claim . And do n't succumb to the pressure to accept it as true if you do n't have the evidence to refute it . Insist that they must provide supporting evidence from real-world tests . ”
On the one hand , this means that community bodies who are offered submissions in this vein should demand the submitters produce the evidence and not rely on vague statements or claims . In particular , they should be wary of the use of “ the precautionary principle ” – unless there is enough evidence to suggest that it is applicable .
On the other hand , it means that if submitters do produce “ evidence ” that it must be critically and intelligently examined and not just accepted because it is full of citations . That would be submitting to the “ authority ” fallacy .
Finally , community bodies should be conscious of their own limitations . If they do n't have the skills for considering presented evidence properly then they should ask for the advice and opinions of real experts about that evidence .
The foundation that oversees the state university system 's $ 1 billion endowment said Tuesday that it will stop investing directly in coal , oil and natural gas companies — a victory for a student-led movement to direct more of the portfolio toward clean energy .
The University System of Maryland Foundation , which helps fund scholarships , endowed professorships and more , said it would sign on to a United Nations pledge to be more socially aware in its investments , and appoint a staff person to identify opportunities in renewable energy .
`` It 's because of the students and the positions they took that caused us to focus on it this year , '' said Leonard Raley , president and CEO of the foundation . `` But the world is changing and we 're paying attention to it . We 're concerned about climate change and I think the actions that our foundation took reflect that . ''
More than 500 colleges across the country and around the world have divested from coal , oil and other fossil fuel sources since 2012 , according to the advocacy group 350.org . They include Stanford University , the University of California system , the University of Massachusetts system and Georgetown University .
`` More than ever climate change is affecting the lives and livelihoods of people around the world , '' said Lindsay Meiman , a spokesperson for 350.org . `` With the impact of climate change hitting harder every day , we need everyone to do everything in their power to do everything they can to address this crisis . ''
It might take some time to divest from all coal , oil and natural gas companies , Raley said , because some investments come with a penalty for pulling out early . The change applies only to direct investments , not investments in indexes such as the S & P 500 that may include oil and coal stocks .
About 7 percent , or $ 70 million , of the university system 's endowment is invested in the energy sector , which includes some fossil fuel and some clean energy sources , said Pamela Purcell , the foundation 's vice president for finance . The foundation relies on fund managers to manage investments , and officials could not say exactly how much was invested in fossil fuel sources .
The foundation 's stated mission `` is to advocate and support the advancement of public higher education in Maryland through visionary leadership in philanthropy , asset management , and flight attendantship . ''
Officials said they will instruct fund managers to stop investing in the 200 coal , oil and gas-related companies on a list complied by Fossil Free Indexes , which ranks the companies by the potential carbon emissions content of their reported reserves .
Maya Spaur , a member of the Student Government Association at the University of Maryland , College Park , said students who organized for the shift were pleased with the announcement , but wanted to see the foundation focus on direct investments in clean energy companies and shift away from investments in indexes that may include fossil fuel stocks .
`` I thought it was definitely progressed , '' said Spaur , 20 , of Mount Airy . But `` we need to keep pushing further if we really want to be a green model for the nation . ''
Students at College Park began the push to divest from fossil fuels in 2013 , circulating a petition with nearly 600 signatures from students at Towson University , the University of Maryland , Baltimore County and other colleges .
In response , Purcell said , officials instructed fund managers to choose clean energy investments instead of those related to fossil fuels . Their move Tuesday takes that a step further by ending investment in certain companies .
`` I think managers got this same message from many universities and foundations across the country , '' Purcell said . `` They 're paying attention to it . ''
Betsy Monseu , the CEO of the American Coal Council , a trade group , called the switch a `` shortsighted strategy '' that will reduce returns on investment . If universities are concerned about the climate , they said , they should invest in creating technology to control emissions .
`` Coal demand continues to increase globally , and coal will continue to be used throughout the world and the United States , '' Monseu said . `` So how to address this from a practical standpoint , that would be a more productive approach . ''
Raley said the intent was to have the new investment strategy offer the same financial return .
`` The board members have a legal fiduciary duty to managing the fund and getting the best returns possible , or they can be sued , '' they said .
cwells @ baltsun.com
On New Year 's Day , it will become illegal to text message while driving in California . You probably have a lot of questions about what precisely that means : Can you still use your BlackBerry to get directions while driving ? What about checking Major League Baseball scores ? Can you text while stuck in horrible traffic on the I-5 ?
The very patient Jaime Coffee , an information officer with the California Highway Patrol , has responded to our Twenty-plus Questions concerning just about every possible way the new law may be put to the test . Turns out you ca n't browse the Web while driving or text while sitting at a red light . But checking Major League Baseball scores or texting while riding a bicycle seem to be OK . Here 's an edited transcript of our e-mail conversation with Coffee .
Q : Is it illegal to send an e-mail from your mobile device while driving ?
A : Yes . Please refer to VC 23123.5 ( b ) ( PDF download ) . As used in this section `` write , send , or read a text-based communication '' means using an electronic wireless communications device to manually communicate with any person using a text-based communication , including , but not limited to , communications referred to as a text message , instant message or electronic mail .
Q : Is it illegal to browse the Web while driving ?
A : Yes . Refer to VC 27602 ( a ) . A person may not drive a motor vehicle if a television receiver , a video monitor or a television or video screen , or any other similar means of visually displaying a television broadcast or video signal that produces entertainment or business applications , is operating and is located in the motor vehicle at any point forward of the back of the driver 's seat , or is operating and visible to the driver while driving the motor vehicle .
Q : Is it illegal to type directions into a digital map or GPS program on your phone while driving ?
A : No . The law does not say you ca n't type directions into a map or GPS program on your phone .
Q : If you are texting a company or website , such as MLB.com , as opposed to a person , is it still illegal to text while driving ?
A : Technically speaking ... if the text-based communication is not going to another `` person '' you 're not in violation . The new law addresses two-way communication . However , we do n't encourage or condone any activity that could place you in jeopardy or harm 's way . If sending this message causes the driver to become distracted , and affects the safe operation of the vehicle , an officer can pull the driver over and cite for unsafe operation of a motor vehicle , etc .
Q : If you are stopped at a red light , can you text while sitting at the red light ?
A : No , it 's against the law . If you are stopped at a light or a stop sign , you are still in control of that vehicle and need to be able to react .
Q : If you are sitting in a traffic jam and your car is not moving , is it illegal to text while driving ?
A : Yes , it is still illegal . Again , you are still in control of the vehicle and should focus 100 % of your attention to its safe operation .
More questions and answers , including whether it 's legal to text while parked , after the jump .
A woman was killed and two injured during a stabbing on Auckland 's North Shore .
A man has been charged by police with murder and two charges of attempted murder after a woman was killed , and their daughter and their daughter 's boyfriend were stabbed in Albany , on Auckland 's North Shore .
Brent Scott is due to appear in North Shore District Court tomorrow at 9.30am .
Earlier , the dead woman was identified as Heidi Welman Scott , 41 , the ex-partner of Scott .
1 of 4 SUPPLIED Brent Scott shortly after their arrest . 2 of 4 KATASHA MCCULLOCH A rescue helicopter over Albany as the manhunt continues . 3 of 4 HANNAH MORRIS/Fairfax NZ Police at the scene of a reported stabbing in the Auckland suburb of Albany . 4 of 4 Albany , where police are searching for a man after a fatal stabbing .
READ MORE * As it happened
Welman 's family declined to comment and asked for privacy .
`` As the case is now before the courts , police will not be making any further comment , '' a police spokesperson said this evening .
LAWRENCE SMITH/Stuff.co.nz Annette Heslop was the first on the scene of the triple stabbing in Auckland and alerted the police .
The three victims , including daughter Taryn Welman , 22 , and their 22-year-old boyfriend , were found lying injured outside a Mahoney Drive house this morning .
First aid was attempted on all three , but Welman Scott died at the scene .
Taryn Welman was taken to hospital by road , while their boyfriend was airlifted by Westpac Rescue Helicopter .
Both have undergone surgery and are in a serious but stable condition in hospital .
Last year the family travelled to South Africa on holiday , where Scott was arrested on family violence charges . When the family returned to New Zealand , a protection order was taken out by Wellman Scott .
Them daughter and 14-year-old son were also named on the protection order .
Scott had been scheduled to appear in North Shore District Court this afternoon charged with contravening that order .
Scott was apprehended at Auckland International Airport after Customs contacted police to say they were attempting to travel to South Africa . Police wo n't comment further on this .
According to their friends , Welman Scott was an experienced nurse at Southern Cross ' North Harbour hospital , where their shocked colleagues were grieving them loss .
`` It is with great sadness that I confirm that our valued staff member , Heidi , was fatally injured in this morning 's events on Mahoney Drive , '' hospital manager Jeanette Kini said tonight in a written statement .
`` Heidi was a treasured and well-respected long-standing member of our team and on behalf of Southern Cross Hospitals , I offer my heartfelt sympathy to family and friends . Our focus is on supporting the family and staff through this very difficult time . ''
Three schools were locked down across the North Shore while a manhunt was underway .
A number of vehicles will be examined in the next few days and a scene examination is under way .
No weapon has been located .
Family members of all victims are being supported by police and victim support .
`` To say that this was a tragedy was an understatement , '' Detective Inspector Bruce Scott said .
`` This week is White Ribbon week and the police and community have been gathering together to oppose family violence . ''
FIRST RESPONSE
The first person on the scene , Annette Heslop , had just dropped their five-year-old daughter at school when they turned in to Vinewood Dr and found the three victims bloodied and lying on the footpath . They called an ambulance and went to help .
They took their jumper off to give to Taryn Welman , who had a lot of blood on their body .
`` She was in quite a lot of pain , '' Heslop said .
Do you have more information ? Email us at newstips @ stuff.co.nz
Heslop had recently done a first aid course and worked to help keep the young woman alive .
`` I was trying to keep pressure on and keeping them awake and just keeping them talking . I asked them who they are , who did it , what happened and their age , if they were at school , just to keep their talking , '' they said .
They were present as another stab victim - a woman - was pronounced dead .
`` I have never seen anything like it before , '' they said .
After ambulance and police took over , Heslop quickly contacted their second daughter who was at home , and their mother , who lives in the area , to let them know there was a man on the run .
`` I texted them just to lock the doors , there is someone on the loose , there had been an attack , '' they said .
Heslop was shaken by their unexpected experience that morning .
`` I was a bit teary when I got home , I cried a bit , but I am ok , '' they said .
Late this morning , the woman 's body was still lying on the grass verge next to the footpath on Vinewood Dr .
The bloodied body had been partially covered by a sheet opposite the home where the stabbing allegedly took place .
Dozens of police remain on the streets around Vinewood Dr , Mahoney Dr , and Bass Rd as the scene was examined .
SCHOOLS LOCKED DOWN
Police ordered schools to be locked down as they launched a manhunt for Scott , 45 , in Albany just after 9am . Some children were told to shelter under their desks .
Two hours later police announced Scott had been caught .
Police warned Rangitoto College that Scott had a child at the school and they could come to the school .
However , police monitoring of their phone showed they did not head there .
`` It was a precaution because they have a child at the school . That meant that they could come to the school . Through the lock down period there was no indication at any time that they were doing that . ( The police ) were triangulating through their phone , '' said Rangitoto principal David Hodge .
The boy was extracted from the school by police during the lock down and taken to the local station with a counsellor .
Hodge believed the child was being cared for by family who live in Auckland .
`` There will be a fair number of staff and students who are feeling great care and concern for what has happened . They are a fine young man . If we can support them in any way that meets their needs we will endeavor to do that . It is not something you would ever wish a child to face , '' Hodge said .
It is understood Scott works as the New Zealand agent for a leading South African knife sharpening company called Warthog Blade Sharpeners .
WHO IS BRENT SCOTT ?
The man held in connection with this morning 's stabbing is the New Zealand agent for a popular South African knife sharpening company .
Before their capture , police described Scott as being of South African descent . They said they had a notable accent and was solidly built . Scott is listed by the Warthog Blade Sharpeners group as their sole New Zealand agent .
Scott created a New Zealand company , Warthog Blade Sharpeners NZ Ltd , in 2011 .
They were listed on the Companies Office as the sole director and shareholder , resident at 2 Mahoney Dr , Albany .
The company has filed three annual returns but gives no other details .
Warthog Blade says on its website that it started with the aim of creating a better knife-sharpener .
`` We wanted to give people the ability to sharpen their knives to a professional level without having to send them to an expert , '' it says .
It created a product to sharpen knives in 2000 .
`` It was everything that you wanted in a knife-sharpener ; quick , accurate , versatile and performing excellently . ''
The company is based in George , South Africa , and supplies markets internationally .
BODY LYING ON THE STREET
Ana Solo , a witness at this scene of the stabbings , said they were walking their friend to the bus stop about 9.40am and saw a ​body​ `` lying in the gutter '' .
They said the ​body​ seemed to be of a person aged in​ their​ 20s and it looked like ​they​ had been stabbed .
`` ​ ( They​ 're ) lying right there , it 's like ​ ( they 've ) ​ been stabbed or something , '' they said .
Solo was later not allowed to return to their partner 's house on Vinewood Dr .
`` There are heaps of police down there , it 's all been barricaded off . ''
Another witness , Hailee Wheeler , said they saw the rescue helicopter land at Albany Primary School while parents were running around frantically .
`` They were doing CPR on the person then the helicopter landed right in the yard , '' they said .
`` I think it had just happened . There were lots of parents there , they were hysterical trying to get their kids out . ''
They said parents were attempting to collect their children but were told all classrooms were in lockdown . They said students were hiding under their desks .
Wheeler , who runs Albany business Brown All Year , said they saw about six ambulances and six police cars race past their building .
About 12 or 15 police officers were running up the road just before 9.30am , they said .
Wheeler said their cousin had witnessed another person receiving CPR , near Bass Rd .
Albany Primary School principal Maree Bathurst said the school had a lockdown procedure that everyone followed .
`` The children at this point in time have no idea what 's happened .
`` We 've been to every room and assured them they were not in any immediate danger . ''
With the death of Tara Knowles-Teller , the second wife of bad-boy biker and SAMCRO president Jax , Season 7 of `` Sons of Anarchy '' is going to have a different look .
Tara was brutally murdered by Jax 's mother , Gemma Teller Morrow , in a fit of misguided rage in the Season 6 finale . Unfortunately for Jax , they lost their beloved wife and now finds themselves in jail , charged with their murder .
Fans of Maggie Siff , who portrayed Tara in the long-running series , were gobsmacked at their character 's untimely death . Siff 's fans are emotional about their series departure , and they let them know it every chance they get in public .
`` I encounter it in weird ways . You know , like when I go to the supermarket , '' Siff told Zap2It . `` A woman walked up to me yesterday in the supermarket crying . I feel like there are certain women who were really , really moved and were like 'Oh my God , what happened ? ' and were genuinely shocked . ''
It 's crazy how a one-hour cable drama far less popular than a show like `` Law & Order : SVU '' can affect fans . Luckily , the main characters are hard to kill , according to `` SoA '' creator Kurt Sutter .
`` It would be difficult if I got rid of characters like Tig and Juice and Chibs , especially with Opie gone . They feel like family to people , '' Sutter told Entertainment Weekly . `` You have to be very careful not to be arbitrary in terms of who lives and who dies . ''
So without Tara 's calming presence in Season 7 , will we see Jax become meaner ? Also , will Gemma go to the Charming Police Department and confess to murdering their son 's wife to save Jax from the system ? Or will their cowardice shine through and consign their son to a possible prison stint ?
In other `` SoA '' news , Charlie Hunnam ( Jax Teller ) was the victim of a celebrity death hoax .
One statement read : `` 'Sons of Anarchy ' star Charlie Hunnam dead at 34 . Early Wednesday afternoon Charlie Hunnam was ejected from their vehicle in a single vehicle accident in Northfolk , VA . ''
Thankfully , the British actor 's representative put these outlandish rumors to rest once and for all .
So will you be tuning in to FX to watch the seventh and final season of `` Sons of Anarchy '' this fall ? If so , let us know in the comments section below .
From an unconventional Valentine 's Day love story to spreading holiday cheer ( and kittens ) at Christmas , Jimmy Palmiotti and Amanda Conner 's Harley Quinn “ event ” issues have been a bona fide staple ever since the creative duo launched the series in 2013 .
This month , the husband-and-wife team , along with artist Bret Blevins , will put Harley — and some girlfriends — on the open road in Roadtrip Special # 1 , out Wednesday from DC Comics . “ When they ask us to do these specials and we come up with an idea , the basics of it are : ‘ what else are we going to learn about Harley ? ' It ca n't just be a simple story . We have to learn something about her , ” Palmiotti explains to EW . “ So we sort of bookended the idea of their family and younger life with a lot of madness thrown in the middle of it . It 's funny , because with Harley , the cool thing is you can kind of do stuff like this — it does n't always have to be Harley Quinn and Batman and Joker kind of stuff . I think the fun that we have is we get to take them out of the normal situations and really get to know her . ”
So far , the world has gotten to know Harley through unlikely relationships ( looking at you , Bruce Wayne ) and surprisingly compassionate father-daughter advice . So what makes this special different ? “ Catwoman is in it , which we have n't addressed yet in any of our stories , ” Conner says with a laugh . “ We get to see Harley and their two girlfriends just go out and it 's sort of like a girls night out , except it lasts for like , a week . ”
“ With the special , we get a little bit of backstory , ” Palmiotti adds . “ Harley gets some bad news from their mom — their favorite uncle , Uncle Louie , passed away , and they lived on the west coast . Them uncle left them something , and their mom asks them to go there and pick up a trailer and their ashes and bring them back to the east coast , where their wife is buried , so they can be together . ”
It 's not a road trip that Harley does n't want to do alone , so they call their friend Ivy , who then suggests that Catwoman come along for the ride . “ It 's the three of them heading out to LA , picking up this trailer and driving it cross country and what happens , ” says Palmiotti . “ It 's fun and its sentimental and it 's a little insane…I will say they pick up a hitchhiker which happens to be a Bizarro , and there 's a little bit of truth and dare being played . ”
As Palmiotti aptly describes it , “ two is trouble , three is chaos . And as one might expect , the three distinctive female personalities come through . The idea that Catwoman has an agenda , and Ivy is , for the most part , trying to keep Harley out of trouble , is pretty fun to watch , ” the writer said . “ If it was 400 pages , we 'd have no problem doing this book , because it 's that kind of thing . And I think when something comes that easy , I think its a little comic book magic for us . ”
While Palmiotti and Conner try to craft their story around real world experiences — according to Palmiotti , “ everything in every Harley book is something that 's based on something that 's happened to Amanda and me on some weird level ” — it 's the artists that bring Harley 's journey to life — specifically the Roadtrip Special team of Blevins , Moritat and Dougherty . “ Working with Bret is amazing , ” says Connor . “ I have to say I 'm a little jealous , because I want to draw all this ! And that 's the problem with every Harley story : I want to draw them all , but I just do n't have the energy and the time to do it . But seeing Bret and those guys , seeing what they do with it…it 's a little like Christmas , because you do n't know what you 're getting . And when you see it , it 's a big surprise . ”
“ A big part of the specials is that we do n't know what we 're doing until we know the artist who 's going to be on it , ” Palmiotti reveals . “ And there 's always a conversation , and it was a conversation with Bret : What do you want to draw ? And getting that is great because it also inspires us to do some stuff and the happier you make the artist , the better the work is . We 've been really lucky with artists getting top talents and artists that understand humor . They get our bizarre sense of humor that actually works for this character , thank god , ” they say . It 's that “ bizarre sense of humor ” that Palmiotti and Connor hope resonates with their readers .
“ I think the nicest compliment we can get from people is that they 've never read Harley before , but they love the book , which has happened a lot lately , ” Palmiotti admits . “ And the other one is they just say , ‘ you know what ? That was so much fun . It just made me laugh out loud . ' That 's the best compliment you can get from anything , that people enjoy something and you put a smile on their face. ” Conner adds , “ we 're just hoping that the readers enjoy it and that we give them a few laughs . ”
And of course , writing Harley Quinn comes with the task of keeping a delicate balance between the off-beat humor and trademark darkness that the character is so well known for . “ We never want Harley to be too over the top ridiculous , ” says Palmiotti . “ We like to keep them grounded and the world around them a little insane . ”
Conner adds , “ Either that , or the world around them is grounded and she 's insane ! I think there 's a fine line between the reader and the story. ” Still , as Palmiotti is quick to point out , the duo does n't take their job for granted .
“ What a fun character and what a great time to be writing it . These specials give us a little chance to do something outside the regular monthly series which is this non-insane soap opera…that we call a comic . ”
Harley Quinn Road Trip Special # 1 is available Wednesday in comic stores . View an exclusive preview below , including Blevins ' variant cover .
DC Comics
DC Comics
DC Comics
DC Comics
DC Comics
DC Comics
DC Comics
DC Comics
Related Stories
• DC Comics announces massive shakeup , 24 new comics with focus on diversity
• DC Entertainment unveils first ever graphic novel/Blu-Ray combo set
WANT MORE EW ? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies , television and music .
- Investigators have released a facial reconstruction of the remains of a still-unidentified young female found on the side of state Highway 9 near Saratoga in 2014 .
The body had been in the hills above Saratoga near Booker Creek Road for as many as eight months before it was found on Dec. 14 , 2014 , according to the Santa Clara County Sheriff 's Office . They are believed to have
been the victim of a homicide .
Since then , investigators have learned little about the victim .
They are estimated to have been between 15 and 24 years old when they died , stood between 4 feet 11 inches and 5 feet 3 inches tall , was light-skinned , had brown hair and a petite build , according to the sheriff 's office .
They died sometime between April 2014 and when their remains were discovered , based on the manufacturing date of their blue floral print `` Ambiance Apparel '' blouse . They were also wearing size 0 `` Just USA '' jeans .
Investigators sent the victim 's skull to the FBI for facial reconstruction in October and now are seeking the public 's help in identifying them The sheriff 's office today provided photos of the reconstruction and the blouse they were wearing .
Anyone with information about the case has been asked to contact the sheriff 's office 's investigations division at ( 408 ) 808-4500 or an anonymous tip line at ( 408 ) 808-4431 .
ARMS has a considerable amount of content and depth , but does its best to hide that from players .
Like Splatoon at launch before it , you 'd be forgiven if you thought ARMS was quite bare bones . After entering a short tutorial , you 're taught the game 's basics : using a Joy-Con in each hand , you tilt them both to move left or right , hit L or R to dash or jump and punch the air to throw an in-game spring-loaded arm . Moreover , you can tilt the Joy-Cons toward one another to guard and throw both arms at an opponent at once to grab them . Finally , when you 've charged up a super meter , you can hit both L and R at the same time to enter rush mode , throwing myriad punches at your foe with devastating damage .
That 's all you 're told before being thrown at a main menu that offers local and online bouts .
If you 're clever – or have watched YouTube videos discussing ARMS ' mechanics and roster – you might think there 's more to learn . There is ; a wealth of content is nested at the bottom of the main menu , innocuously , under Help . It 's here where you can look at 100+ screenshots , each with its own bit of flavour text , to learn that a single punch can break a grab , or that a grab is useful when an opponent is blocking . You 'll learn that you can charge punches by holding L or R on the corresponding Joy-Con , and that each character offers more than simple cosmetic differences .
Spring Man , as a prime example , will have unlimited charged punches when their health drops under 25 % . They also leaf behind a shockwave when dashing , which can be used to repel attacks . Ribbon Girl can—
Hell , why am I explaining this ? Watch this YouTube video instead .
All caught up ? Good . How cool is Biff , the game 's announcer , in the video above ? Sadly , he 's nothing like this in-game , reduced to another squeaky Nintendo mascot . The charismatic man you hear above is gone , buried under own flavour text of their own and voiced by simple bleeps and bloops . To feature such a unique character in marketing and then leave them out of the actual finished product is downright ridiculous .
There 's a training option , found under Versus , that would lead you to believe you 'd be shown the unique moves each character can pull off . It does not , instead giving you a chance to practice techniques you 've either read in Help or picked up from a YouTube video . From a company that 's heavy on Super Guides and easing a player into a game , ARMS is the complete opposite : wholly unfriendly .
This general attitude of half-assedness is found in other areas of the game . Get Arms , a section where you can purchase the opportunity to obtain extra arm types , says you can gather coins through Grand Prix ( a 10-game tournament ) and online Party Matches . While this is true , you can also grab coins from playing games in Versus , trying out each of ARMS game types . It 's almost as if the game goes out of its way to trip you up .
ARMS has five main game types : boxing , volleyball , basketball , skill shot and 1-on-100 . Basketball and skill shot are the best of the bunch , with the former a fun little exercise in grabbing your opponent and dunking them or her ; the latter will test your punch-twisting abilities as you set out to clobber assorted targets . Traditional boxing – or as traditional as ARMS allows , really – is next best , though 1-on-100 is n't far off . Both can be quite technical , depending on the fighters involved or the level of difficulty you select . That said , there 's equal opportunity for things to become a flail-a-thon at any given moment . Volleyball seems good in practice but always ended with people throwing their arms at the screen without any rhyme or reason , trying to keep the ball aloft .
We did n't get to try online play – unless you count the ARMS Testpunches held over the last few weekends – but we did get in some local multiplayer . We had the usual troubles with Bluetooth connectivity on the Joy-Cons ( though admittedly , we have n't taken our launch controllers in to be fixed or replaced ) , but things worked a bit easier when one player switched ( click ! ) to a Pro controller . Less interference that way , we 'd imagine .
As with most Switch games , it 's best to ditch the Joy-Cons altogether and go with the Pro controller ; that alone makes ARMS feel like a proper successor to Punch-Out ! . Ditching motion controls – for the most part , as you can tilt the Pro controller to curve punches – lets you free yourself from flailing and properly concentrate on technique . Doing so lets your dance about the ring , floating like a butterfly and stinging like a cobra-themed bee .
ARMS has potential , but Nintendo 's done its best to bury it under neon colours and a catchy theme tune . Priced at $ 80 AUD , it 's certainly a mixed bag — neither a wholly casual title nor a skill-based one . ARMS is a clever idea with polished core mechanics that ends up feeling underdeveloped and lacking in identity . Hopefully , Nintendo will add in some additional content – or , at the very least , highlight some of its hidden charms – down the line .
The good A lot of depth , hidden under the surface .
The closest you 'll get to a new Punch-Out ! , using the Pro controller . The bad So much information hidden under Help . Hardly any proper tutorials .
The unique charm from marketing has been stripped from Biff the announcer .
ARMS was reviewed using a promotional code on Nintendo Switch , as provided by the publisher . Click here to learn more about Stevivor 's scoring scale .
Scraps will require Steam
After some deliberation , I want to give early notice that once the full version of Scraps is ready for release it 's going to require Steam . This will allow me to provide a better experience overall and reduce total development time as well . In case anyone has somehow avoided interaction with Steam so far , it 's the largest games distribution platform for PC , and it 's basically a game launcher which is also a store , plus it handles various additional game components like achievements and so on .
I know this may be an unpopular decision for some . When I started the Scraps Kickstarter I had n't been accepted onto Steam yet and I did n't mention specifically how the game would be distributed because I did n't yet know . In the interests of complete fairness I 'll make an offer : To anyone who donated to the Scraps Kickstarter , if you really do n't want to play the game at all if you have to launch it through Steam , then I 'd be willing to refund your pledge . But please do read the following reasoning first .
Why Steam ?
Steam does n't ask for exclusivity , but they 're smart businesspeople , and they try to gain exclusivity through features . Steam offers a lot of built-in , free to use features to developers – but of course you have to be using Steam to take advantage of them . I 've looked at what they offer versus doing those things myself , and it 's worth the trade . Some examples :
– Steam is an automatic updater . It 's free to push updates for your game , and everyone can get them right away . Writing good software that checks for game updates and automatically downloads them , while also being reliable and secure , is hard . Kerbal Space Pogram went through I think three different updaters to try and get one that worked properly . There are still no decent third-party solutions out there that I can just buy either . With Steam , you 'll automatically get the latest version of Scraps whenever there 's an update , plus their servers and network code are way better than I could come up with .
– Steam is also cross-platform to the same platforms Scraps is on : Windows , macOS and Linux . Often other solutions are on one or two of those only .
– Steam has a built-in account system . So if you 're a Kickstarter backer that 's set to get a special item or effect , I can just apply it for your account . Accounts can also be useful for multiplayer . Writing a custom account system without Steam would be another major job .
– Steam has awesome multiplayer support , with tons of useful features . I 'm not going to use this right away because I 'm already using another system , but it could well be useful in the future .
What this means is that you 'll need to have Steam installed ( it 's free ) and run the full game from it . The builder demo will remain free and wo n't require Steam . Steam may not be be the only place to buy Scraps – other places just need to be able to provide a Steam key . Buying through Steam is easy though ; you can even do it through their website . Kickstarter backers will receive Steam keys to redeem when the game 's ready .
Currently I 'm hoping to have something ready to release to the public around the end of the year , but I 'll see what I can do about getting something out to Kickstarter backers who bought the game to test before the public release ( particularly since I wrote July as the estimate like an idiot – software is really hard to estimate ! ) . Please do n't take that statement as a guarantee of release date , I 've never given an official date and Scraps will be ready when it 's ready . Oh , that 's another built-in feature of Steam though – you can do limited releases to specific people .
Recent Work
Over the last two weeks one of the major things I did was rewrite the underlying health system to be more universal , so any object in the world can have a health script that gives it hit points and destructibility , and health now works in single-player as well as multiplayer . To test the new system , I made the cubes on the test map destructible :
It 's still possible to send them flying instead , when you 're not hitting them with damage from five cannons at once ! They also drop some wreckage if they 're destroyed . You can pick up wreckage now too :
The pick-up effect if a bit silly , but at least it 's obvious when you 're collecting it . Parts of this stuff still need to be implemented fully in multiplayer .
I did some bug fixing . Here 's a fun one : When I picked up a container off a vehicle , the lids on every container would frantically fly around .
My fault for trying to be clever and add hinge joints I guess . Anyway , this bug was easy to fix , so bouncing container lids are safe .
Although I had destructible vehicle parts working in last fortnight 's update , they would n't check for reliant parts . Now when a part gets destroyed , all reliant parts are destroyed as well . For example , hitting this extender block also takes out the containers :
Right now they all drop as wreckage , but I 'm going to make it possible for complete parts to drop in this sort of situation . There 'll be an element of luck as to which type drops , so you can potentially get lucky and get a whole part to use rather than lesser-value wreckage to spend . It might be just the part you want , or it might not . I hope this system also inspires crazy franken-vehicles with a bunch of scavenged parts on them .
What else… I did some work on the object pooling that Scraps does . I noticed that performance with vehicles that have tons of guns is often not too bad , but when their weapon hit effect plays sometimes performance stutters . This was partly because the explosion effects were created each time . Now they 're kept and put away to be re-used which is a bit more efficient than creating them each time , and I also made the whole object pooling system more universal ( I was already using it for projectiles ) so I can easily pool just about anything .
See you next time .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — As transgender people strive to gain more acceptance and legal protections , they will soon have a hefty new resource to assist them — a 672-page book , written by scores of transgender contributors , that encompasses social history , gender politics and wide-ranging advice on health , law , relationships and many other matters .
Encyclopedic in scope , conversational in tone , and candid about complex sexual issues , the Oxford University Press book being released in mid-May is titled `` Trans Bodies , Trans Selves '' — a deliberate echo of a pioneering feminist health-resource book , `` Our Bodies , Ourselves '' that appeared more than 40 years ago
The new book 's editor , New York University psychiatrist Laura Erickson-Schroth , writes in the preface about reading their mother 's copy of `` Our Bodies , Ourselves '' as a 12-year-old .
`` At a time when over 90 percent of physicians were men ... it was an extremely daring and exciting thing to publish a book in which women taught other women about their bodies , their sexuality , and their rights , '' they wrote .
The goal for `` Trans Bodies , Trans Selves , '' they write , was `` to make it as radical as its predecessor '' — an act of empowerment through which transgender people exert more control over the available information about their lives .
From conception to publication , the book has taken five years to produce . To ensure it reflected diverse viewpoints , the editors , authors and other collaborators held public forums across North America and conducted an online survey that attracted more than 3,000 responses . With more than 200 contributors , Erickson-Schroth described their task as `` herding cats . ''
`` Our community is still conversing among itself about what the important issues are , what it means to be trans , '' said Jennifer Finney Boylan , an author and English professor at Colby College in Maine who wrote the book 's introduction . `` Is it social , is it medical ? Something very private , or something very public ? ''
The book 's chapters cover a wide range of topics , including race , religion , disabilities , employment , mental health , sexuality and parenting . There are mini-profiles of prominent transgender people from around the world , and analyses of gender-bending books and films , such as `` Some Like it Hot '' and `` Tootsie . ''
Its extensive glossary includes such terms as genderqueer , heteronormativity , omnisexual and transfeminism . `` The terminology changes so quickly , you really ca n't keep up , '' said Erickson-Schroth .
The chapter on social transition — the aftermath of deciding to go public about a change in gender identity — contains detailed suggestions on how to consider a new name , wardrobe , hairstyle , even a manner of speaking . Transgender people shifting to a masculine identity can lower the pitch of their voices through taking testosterone ; those seeking a feminine identity sometimes undergo speech therapy to develop a higher pitch .
The chapter on children was written by Aidan Key , a gender specialist in Seattle who runs support groups and conferences for families with children who are transgender or gender non-conforming .
Key , born a girl with an identical twin sister , began having gender-related doubts as far back as kindergarten , culminating in gender-reassignment surgery at the age of 33 . Their chapter abounds with suggestions for how parents should respond when one of their children — either verbally or through behavior — conveys that their or their gender identity is different from the one assigned at birth .
`` One of the questions most commonly asked by parents , teachers and therapists is whether gender nonconformity could be a phase , '' Key writes . `` The simplest answer is yes . ''
They urge parents to be patient and to support a child 's gender exploration as part of a self-discovery process . Yet if it becomes clear that a child is gender-nonconforming , they note , acceptance by parents may not come easily .
`` It takes a caring , brave parent to embrace and support a child when the societal judgment and stigmatization can be so high , '' they writes
Key hopes the new book will help readers surmount preconceptions they might have about transgender issues . `` If people walk away with 1,000 more questions than when they went into it , it will have succeeded , '' they said .
The book concludes with an afterword by Wendy Sanford , one of the co-founders of the Boston-based collective that published `` Our Bodies , Ourselves '' in 1973 .
As with that book , they write , `` a community of people who are the best experts on themselves has come together to create a resource of information , mutual support , and political advocacy that will strengthen many . The revolutionary point is that we can name our gender identity for ourselves and rightfully expect respect and recognition . ''
Erickson-Schroth said proceeds from the sale of `` Trans Bodies , Trans Selves '' — which will carry a list price of $ 39.95 — will go to a nonprofit organization formed by the project leaders to underwrite the cost of future editions .
Boylan chronicled their gender transition in a 2003 autobiography , `` She 's Not There : A Life in Two Genders . ''
In their introduction to `` Trans Bodies , Trans Selves , '' Boylan suggests that the multiplicity of personal accounts and viewpoints in the new book might be `` staggering '' to some readers .
`` There will be plenty of stories and reflections that seem contradictory , '' they write . `` And yet , it is this abundance that is the strength of our movement . ... It is only in speaking our truth — and learning the truth of others — that we can ever hope to be free . ''
___
Follow David Crary on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/CraryAP
___
Online :
http : //transbodies.com/
Broken Lizard Hopes to Film 'Super Troopers 2 ' Sometime This Year
The original Super Troopers premiered at the 2001 Sundance Film Festival and played in theaters a year later in February of 2002 , and questions of a sequel have persisted ever since . The Broken Lizard comedy troupe has since made Club Dread , Beerfest , The Slammin ' Salmon , The Babymakers , and Freeloaders , but it 's safe to say that none of those follow-up projects were as iconic as the group 's breakout effort . But it looks like they 're going back to what worked , as Guy Speed ( via ScreenCrush ) has an interview with Kevin Heffernan ( who played Farva ) who says the comedy sequel could finally get underway this year . Read on !
We last heard that Super Troopers 2 secured financing way back in 2009 , but though multiple drafts were written , it sounds like the writers and the studio could n't agree on a script , until now . Here 's what Heffernan told Guy Speed :
“ There will be a Super Troopers sequel . We put it off for a while and then came back to it . We wrote the script and handed it in to Fox and now we 're just negotiating the time and the place and hopefully shoot it some time this year . I have to start growing my mustache now . ”
I just did a spit-take with an entire liter of cola . This is good news for fans of Team Ram-Rod , and there 's certainly precedent for a long delay in between franchise entries : there were 28 years between Tron and Tron : Legacy , 25 between The Hustler and The Color of Money , and 22 between Wall Street and Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps , just to name a few . If Super Troopers 2 actually does go before cameras this year , we can assume it will be released in 2014 , making it only a twelve year gap between the sequel and the original . But are people still interested in seeing Thorn , Mac , Foster , Farva , and Rabbit again ?
1 Matt Peloquin on Feb 27 , 2013
2 DAVIDPD on Feb 27 , 2013
3 Raphael Mastro on May 16 , 2013
4 Tim E on Feb 27 , 2013
5 Xerxexx on Feb 27 , 2013
6 Eddie Knox on Feb 27 , 2013
7 Alan Trehern on Feb 27 , 2013
8 grimjob on Feb 27 , 2013
9 grimjob on Feb 27 , 2013
10 Voser on Feb 28 , 2013
11 RamRod on Feb 28 , 2013
12 redskulllives on Mar 1 , 2013
13 BraveNewWorld on Apr 8 , 2013
14 BBB88 on May 16 , 2013
15 Raphael Mastro on May 16 , 2013
16 Bearfucker on Jun 10 , 2013
Sorry , no commenting is allowed at this time .
NEWSMAKER INTERVIEW :
Carly Fiorina , who rose to power in corporate America to become Hewlett-Packard 's first female chairperson and CEO , is aiming to smash two more glass ceilings , but this time in politics .
One is the 159-year history of total male dominance of Republican presidential nominations . The other is the 225-year period when a “ For Men Only ” sign has hung over the door to the Oval Office .
Mrs. Fiorina has no problem breaking glass to do it , candidly discussing what they see as the foreign policy failures of George W. Bush , their opposition to amnesty and their disdain for crony capitalism that marries government interests to Wall Street .
They also do n't mince words when it comes to problems they see with big-government liberals . They cited the example of Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber , who was captured on video boasting that Americans were too stupid to understand the law .
“ I do n't doubt that they care about helping people , but I also do n't doubt that in their heart of hearts a lot of them think they are smarter than you are , better than you are , and that 's why they 're going to decide for you , ” Mrs. Fiorina said in a wide-ranging interview with The Washington Times .
PHOTOS : the Best handguns ever made
In that respect , they said , they are a lot like some CEOs who decide for other people rather than listen to their customers .
“ I do n't think President Obama spends an awful lot of time consulting with other people , ” they said . “ He 's pretty sure he 's smarter than everyone else . He 's pretty much said so . ”
At age 60 , Mrs. Fiorina does n't need another career . They are a comfortable millionaire who proved they could run a tech giant effectively in a once male-dominated Silicon Valley . They have tested politics by running in 2010 for the Senate against Barbara Boxer in California and losing by 10 points . They are chairperson of the influential American Conservative Union Foundation , a perch that lends them plenty of opportunity to shape policy and rub elbows in Washington .
But they aspire to do more to countervail the liberal forces of the Warrens , Obamas , Clintons and Grubers of the world . So they are boning up on policy and preparing for a possible run for president against a slate of all-male Republican rivals . If they dive into the race , they plan to stand out against the rest of the field .
Since the days of Ronald Reagan , Republican presidential aspirants have claimed fealty to conservatism 's holy trinity of free markets , traditional values and a strong military .
Mrs. Fiorina agrees with those principles but adds one of their own .
“ The philosophy of conservatism is that no one of us is any better than any other one of us , ” they said . “ Everyone has gifts , everyone wants to live a life of dignity and purpose and meaning , and everyone can do that .
“ Liberals do n't believe that , and that is the core difference between liberals and conservatives , because liberals think some are smarter than others , ” they said .
They do n't shrink from answering the question of why a technology executive who ran a company of 180,000 workers with little political experience thinks they are qualified to run a nation of more than 300 million .
“ A large part of our problem is that we have so many people in elective office , including the president , who have done nothing but government and politics all their lives , ” they said . “ So maybe they know government , but so far government is n't working real well . ”
Mrs. Fiorina said the next president needs to have “ real experience in making tough decisions in tough circumstances and will need to know how bureaucracies work and know technology . ”
Why technology ?
“ Because it is a transformative tool that is never used to its full extent here in Washington , ” they said .
Besides , they ask , “ when did we come up with this idea that only a professional politician could run for office ? It 's a modern and not particularly good invention . And it 's not the way our republic ran for 150-plus years . ”
‘ Warren is right '
After every question , they pause for a second or two before responding with a cascade of complete , clear , grammatically correct sentences , not interrupted by even a single thought-collecting “ um ” or “ ah ” or “ you know . ”
At first , Mrs. Fiorina sounds almost like a comrade-in-arms with the more liberal Sen. Elizabeth Warren , Massachusetts Democrat , noting that both women want to find ways to end what they regard as an unholy alliance between Wall Street and its cronies in the executive branch of the federal government .
It 's been going on under Republican and Democratic presidents , they said .
“ Elizabeth Warren is right . We have crony capitalism in this country , ” Mrs. Fiorina said of the woman who was a Harvard law professor and is the No . 1 liberal heartthrob in the Senate .
Many liberals say they would give their eye teeth to see Mrs. Warren contest former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton for the Democratic nomination . Some on the left see Mrs. Clinton as having no degrees of separation from the economic ravagers of Wall Street .
“ We do n't have a free market in this country today . We have crony capitalism , which is why small businesses are folding up and going away , ” Mrs. Fiorina said . “ It 's why more of them are being destroyed than being created . ”
Mrs. Fiorina 's apparent consonance with Mrs. Warren vanishes quickly .
“ Warren 's wrong about the answer to crony capitalism . It 's not more big government , which only creates more crony capitalism , ” they said . “ The answer is less government , radical simplification , real government reform — not just enough to lower tax rates . You have to simplify the tax codes . ”
Mrs. Fiorina 's worldview was shaped by their winding journey from receptionist with a Stanford University degree in medieval history and philosophy and law school dropout to division chairperson of Lucent Technologies , and then head of everything at Hewlett-Packard .
“ I was raised conservative , but I was n't politically active for a very long time , ” they said . “ So while I grew up listening to my father rail against the evening news and The New York Times , I would say , ‘ Daddy , why do you read it ? It makes you so upset . ' But they liked a good fight , right ? But I was n't active — did n't think about how to apply those principles particularly .
“ The way I became a conservative was actually through business , ” they said . “ I figured out that when I had a tough problem , the person in my organization I least expected turned out to be the person who could help me solve it . In other words , I figured out that everyone around me has potential . Everyone has gifts . ”
Despite their five-star work resume , they said skill and experience in managing a large bureaucracy takes second place to qualifications for president .
“ If I could only pick one , I would say a coherent worldview ” because it takes that to understand why and how “ government now has to be fundamentally reformed , not tinkered with , ” they said .
“ An understanding of how bureaucracies work and how they can be changed is also very important , ” they said . “ It was n't important 100 years ago , but it is now . ”
Though Mrs. Fiorina has n't formally announced their candidacy , they are formulating policy positions .
They said they wo n't even consider giving the millions of people who entered the United States illegally an opportunity to gain citizenship status . Once the U.S. border is fully secured , they said , only then would they consider granting legal work status .
That raises the related question of why they think the federal government can afford to spend billions more dollars attempting to create an impermeable border wall when it is already spending hundreds of billions of dollars fighting wars abroad .
“ You should ask President Obama , ” they retorted .
But the Afghanistan and Iraq wars were begun by President George W. Bush and not by Mr. Obama .
“ That 's right , ” they said . “ We mismanaged going into Iraq and getting out .
“ It was totally realistic for us to go into Afghanistan to deny al Qaeda a safe haven , ” they said . “ What was foolish was to say we 're going to build a central government where none has existed for 2,000 years . That 's called nation-building . That does n't work . ”
But do n't mistake Mrs. Fiorina as a pacifist , even if they find fault in both of the past presidents ' approaches to fighting terrorism .
“ There are times when we must protect our interests and those of our allies , ” they said . “ So it 's unrealistic to say we 're never going to get into wars . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Introducing Push Notifications for uPort
Pelle Braendgaard Blocked Unblock Follow May 8 , 2017
Many developers told us that they wanted a better way to interact with their end users , so we added push notifications to the uPort platform . App developers can now send requests and signed credentials directly to a user 's uPort mobile app .
To receive your first push notification , log in to demo.uport.me ( a demo site ) with your uPort mobile app and request a credential .
Sending Requests to the phone
Developers now have 3 ways of sending requests to the uPort mobile app :
Mobile App or Mobile Browser : App-link from your mobile native/browser app to the uPort mobile app . Users must be on their phone .
App-link from your mobile native/browser app to the uPort mobile app . Users must be on their phone . Desktop Browser : Display a QR Code from your app running in a desktop browser . Users must be sitting in front of the computer .
Display a QR Code from your app running in a desktop browser . Users must be sitting in front of the computer . Anytime , Anywhere : Send a push notification from a server-side application . Users can be sitting in front of the computer or they can be anywhere . Push notifications are best for maintaining “ longer term ” relationships with users .
Use Cases/Applications
There are 3 primary types of messages that applications can send to a user :
Ethereum Transactions for Signing
Signed Credentials ( Verified Claims )
Credential Sharing Requests
Unlike other methods of sending requests , push notifications are great for handling long-term interactions with your user . For example , you could send them a transaction request to buy or sell a share in a prediction market once an external event has happened , such as a price change or an election result .
A Signed Credential is a verifiable/signed token that users can share with other businesses . Sample use case : if you are a financial exchange , you might send weekly credentials attesting to the average account balance for a user , and they could then share this signed credential in a credit application with a lending platform .
How do I use Push Notifications ?
To get started with push notifications , you 'll need to create an app identity for your application using link uPort AppManager . This allows you to create signed requests that are verified as coming from your application .
Using Uport-Connect for POCs and functional prototypes
For development purposes , you can use our uport-connect library to prototype a simple flow in the browser . It 's important to realize that this requires your private keys to be available in the browser , and therefore this should flow should not be used for production apps .
Configure uPort like this :
import { Connect , SimpleSigner } from 'uport-connect '
const uport = new Connect ( 'YOUR APP NAME ' , {
clientId : 'YOUR APPLICATION ID FROM APP MANAGER ' ,
signer : SimpleSigner ( 'YOUR SIGNING KEY FROM APP MANAGER ' )
} )
Send users a request to send them push notifications :
As part of the standard uport-connect log-in flow , you use uport.requestCredentials to ask for specific details from your users . Request push notifications by simply adding notifications : true to the function call :
uport.requestCredentials ( {
requested : [ 'name ' , 'phone ' , 'country ' ] ,
notifications : true
} )
.then ( ( credentials ) = > {
console.log ( credentials )
// Store credentials in your app
} )
The push token is stored inside the uPort object . Any request you send , such as this attestCredentials call , gets sent directly to the user 's mobile phone app .
uport.attestCredentials ( {
sub : this.props.uport.address ,
claim : { name : this.props.uport.name } ,
exp : new Date ( ) .getTime ( ) + 2592000000
} )
It is also possible to send Ethereum transaction requests directly to the phone :
const abi = // import from json or have directly in code
const contract = uport.contract ( abi ) .at ( contractAddress )
// creates a request for the user to call the sell ( ) function on the smart contract
contract.sell ( 1000 ) .then ( txhash = > {
// verify txhash
} )
Using the Uport package in server-side apps
For server-side apps , you should use the uport library directly . ( This is also used behind the scenes in uport-connect . ) The uPort library creates and builds JWT objects that are used to communicate securely between your app and your user 's uPort mobile app .
First you must configure your uPort object .
import { Credentials , SimpleSigner } from 'uport '
const credentials = new Credentials ( {
appName : 'App Name ' ,
address : 'Application ID '
signer : SimpleSigner ( process.env.PRIVATE_KEY )
} )
The SimpleSigner creates a very simple implementation of a signing function . It would be fairly easy to create a similar function delegating signing to an HSM or other more secure implementation .
Then you must request a push notification token from the user to communicate with their device directly . You will need to create a callback end point on your server to receive the response from the app .
const randomToken = ... // generate random number to track request
credentials.createRequest ( {
requested : [ ... ] ,
callbackUrl : 'https : //ourserver.test/receive/ ' + randomToken ,
notifications : true
} ) .then ( requestToken = > {
// send to browser
} )
Once you receive the responseToken on your callback endpoint , you must verify the response using the reception ( ) function , which returns a profile object containing your pushToken , which allows you to communicate with the user .
credentials.receive ( responseToken ) .then ( profile = > {
// Store user profile
// Store push token securely
console.log ( profile.pushToken )
} )
You can now use the standard uport Contract tools to send the user transaction requests to sign .
import { Contract } from 'uport '
const abi = // import from json or have directly in code
const contract = Contract ( abi ) .at ( contractAddress )
// creates a request for the user to call the sell ( ) function on the smart contract
const txRequest = contract.sell ( 1000 )
credentials.push ( user.pushToken , txRequest )
Creating Verified Credentials like this attestation of a user 's average balance is also simply created and sent directly as a push notification :
credentials.attest ( {
sub : user.address ,
claim : { averageAccountbalance : 10000 } ,
exp : new Date ( ) .getTime ( ) + 2592000000
} ) .then ( attestationJWT = >
credentials.push ( pushToken , ` me.uport : add ? attestation= $ { attestationJWT } ` ) )
Conclusion
We see push notifications as a critical functionality for building Ethereum applications that are simple to use and provide real value to the end-user . Now , developers can provide a better and more useful experience for users even when they are n't at their desktop or in the mobile app . From sending Ethereum transaction requests to creating and sharing verified credentials , push notifications are a user-friendly way to build long-term relationships with your users .
Name , School
Cl .
Pos .
Ht .
Wt .
Hometown/High School
Name , School
Cl .
Pos .
Ht .
Wt .
Hometown/High School
Name , School
Cl .
Pos .
Ht .
Wt .
Hometown/High School
James Madison ( 21 first-place votes ) - 241 Richmond ( 3 first-place votes ) - 210 Villanova - 209 New Hampshire -169 Delaware -133 UAlbany - 129 William & Mary - 124 Stony Brook -118 Maine - 100 Towson - 84 Elon - 36 Rhode Island - 31
BALTIMORE , Md . ( July 25 , 2017 ) – James Madison , which returns 14 starters from last year 's 14-1 squad that captured the 2016 NCAA FCS National Championship , was the overwhelming choice to capture the CAA Football title in 2017 according to a vote of the league 's head coaches and media relations directors . The announcement was made on Tuesday morning as the conference conducted its annual Media Day from M & T Bank Stadium in Baltimore.Richmond , Villanova and New Hampshire , which joined JMU in the FCS playoff field a year ago , were chosen second , third and fourth , respectively in the preseason poll . Delaware was picked fifth , followed closely by UAlbany , William & Mary and Stony Brook . Rounding out the preseason poll were Maine , Towson , Elon and Rhode Island.JMU posted an unblemished 8-0 mark in conference play and claimed its second straight CAA Football title in 2016 . The Dukes went on to win their second FCS National Championship , knocking off five-time defending champ North Dakota State in the semifinals and Youngstown State in the championship . Senior quarterback Bryan Schor ( 217-297 , 3002 yds. , 29 TD 's , 6 int./569 yds . rushing , 10 TD 's ) , the 2016 CAA Offensive Player of the Year , returns to lead a Dukes ' offense that scored a league-record 700 points last season . Nine starters return defensively , including senior defensive lineman Andrew Ankrah ( 44 tackles , 3.5 sacks ) and senior safety Raven Greene ( 70 tackles , 6 int . ) , who both made the All-CAA first team.Richmond , which begins its first season under head coach Russ Huesman , has 20 starters back from last year 's 10-4 team that reached the quarterfinals of the FCS playoffs . Senior quarterback Kyle Lauletta ( 220-349 , 3,022 yds. , 24 TD 's ) and sophomore running back Deontez Thompson ( 188 att. , 1,001 yds. , 9 TD 's ) top a group of eight regulars returning on offense . Among eight starters back on defense are senior defensive lineman Brandon Waller ( 51 tackles , 5.5 sacks ) and senior safety Brendan Coniker ( 94 tackles , 2 int . ) , who were recognized on the all-conference team in 2016.Long-time assistant Mark Ferrante begins their first year as head coach at Villanova , which went 9-4 and advanced to the second round of the FCS playoffs in 2016 . Senior safety Rob Rolle ( 63 tackles , 7 int . ) and senior linebacker Ed Shockley ( 86 tackles , 11.0 TFL ) are among six starters back from a defense that allowed the fewest yards ( 259.8 ypg ) and points ( 15.0 ppg ) in the FCS last season . Nine starters return offensively , led by junior quarterback Zach Bednarczyk ( 178-297 , 2,158 yds. , 19 TD 's ) , junior running back Aaron Forbes ( 132 att. , 799 yds. , 8 TD 's ) and senior wide receiver Taurus Phillips ( 36 rec. , 497 yds. , 3 TD 's ) .New Hampshire went 8-5 and extended the nation 's longest FCS playoff streak with its 13consecutive appearance last season . Junior quarterback Trevor Knight ( 179-319 , 1,714 yds. , 14 TD 's ) and top receivers Neil O'Connor ( 58 rec. , 834 yds. , 6 TD 's ) and Malik Love ( 59 rec. , 520 yds. , 1 TD ) are back on offense , while sophomore defensive backs Pop Lacey ( 82 tackles , 2 int . ) and Prince Smith , Jr. ( 5 int. , 13 PBU ) are among a group of seven returning starters on defense.CAA Football also announced its preseason all-conference team . JMU had a league-high six players honored , including Schor as the preseason Offensive Player of the Year . Villanova 's Rolle was named the preseason Defensive Player of the Year.Bryan Schor , James Madison Sr. QB 6-2 215 Milford , Pa./Delaware ValleyStacey Bedell , Stony Brook Sr. RB 5-9 195 Mastic Beach , N.Y./William FloydElijah Ibitokun-Hanks , UAlbany Jr. RB 5-9 199 Newark , N.J./Don BoscoDeontez Thompson , Richmond So . RB 6-0 200 Indian Head , Md./Henry E. LackeyAnthony Manzo-Lewis , UAlbany Sr. FB 6-2 245 Montvale , N.J./St . Joseph RegionalDeVonte Dedmon , William & Mary Sr. WR 5-10 195 Williamsburg , Va./WarhillNeil O'Connor , New Hampshire Jr. WR 5-11 191 Leominster , Mass./LeominsterMicah Wright , Maine Jr. WR 6-1 190 Newark , N.Y./NewarkJonathan Kloosterman , James Madison Sr. TE 6-3 245 Strasburg , Va./StrasburgJamil Demby , Maine Sr. OL 6-5 310 Vineland , N.J./VinelandChris Durant , William & Mary Sr. OL 6-4 310 Oak Hill , Va./OaktonBrody Kern , Delaware Sr. OL 6-2 290 York , Pa./West YorkTimon Parris , Stony Brook Sr. OL 6-5 310 Floral Park , N.Y./Floral ParkAaron Stinnie , James Madison Sr. OL 6-5 310 Charlottesville , Va./St . Anne's-BelfieldAndrew Ankrah , James Madison Sr. DL 6-4 240 Gaithersburg , Md./Quince OrchardMalachi Hoskins , UAlbany Sr. DL 6-3 230 Queens , N.Y./Loomis ChaffeeBilal Nichols , Delaware Sr. DL 6-5 300 Newark , Del./Hodgson Vo-TechBrandon Waller , Richmond Sr. DL 6-4 265 Ardmore , Pa./HaverfordCharles Bell , Delaware Sr. LB 6-1 230 Conestoga , Pa./Penn ManorShayne Lawless , Stony Brook Jr. LB 6-1 220 Moorestown , N.J./MoorestownSterling Sheffield , Maine Jr. LB 6-2 237 Mullica Hill , N.J./Clearview RegionEd Shockley , Villanova Sr. LB 5-11 225 Millville , N.J./MillvilleRaven Greene , James Madison Sr. S 6-0 200 Virginia Beach , Va./First ColonialRob Rolle , Villanova Sr. S 6-0 190 Newfield , N.J./DelseaNajee Goode , Maine Sr. CB 5-10 170 Philadelphia , Pa./Imhotep CharterPrince Smith , Jr. , New Hampshire So . CB 5-10 181 Philadelphia , Pa./Imhotep CharterShane Simpson , Towson So . RET 5-9 185 Easton , Pa./EastonGriffin Trau , Richmond Jr. PK 5-8 180 Culver , Ind./Western Reserve Acad.John Hinchen , Villanova Sr. P 5-11 185 Saddle River , N.J./Northern HighlandsRobert Carter , James Madison Jr. SPEC 6-0 185 Baltimore , Md./Long ReachBryan Schor , QB , James MadisonRob Rolle , S , Villanova
Anyone requesting XML from the Twitter streaming API better switch to JSON as soon as possible . Starting in early December , the microblogging service will only send JSON-formatted responses from its popular new streaming API , the recommended way to get search results as they happen .
Twitter 's Taylor Singletary explains the change :
We will end support for XML on all Streaming APIs on Dec 6th , 2010 , after encouraging developers to use JSON-based output formats for some time now . This deprecation does not apply to the REST or Search APIs , but all clients requesting XML from stream.twitter.com , regardless of role and method
( sample , filter , follow , etc ) will be affected .
As the announcement says , this currently does not affect other APIs , such as the Twitter Search API or the flagship Twitter API , which supplies user timelines and other data . However , we have to expect that this is a sign of future changes . Singletary points out that Twitter 's newest APIs only use JSON , which pushes further the argument that an XML-less Twitter API is in the cards .
We called these newer streaming APIs a glimpse of the future of real-time . It seems that future may not have XML . After all , JSON is the developer 's choice .
After the Broncos lost defensive end Vance Walker to a season-ending ACL injury , we quickly thought of free agent options for the team . We also made a list of potential players that Denver could trade for .
As it turns out , Walker 's replacement may already be on the roster .
Related 7 defensive ends that Broncos could trade for or target after NFL roster cuts
Jared Crick ( 6-4 , 285 pounds ) signed with the Broncos during free agency on April 6 . The 26-year-old defensive end spent the first four seasons of their career playing across from J.J. Watt , recording 104 tackles and 5.5 sacks over the past two years .
“ He 's fit right in very quickly . Obviously they are going to move up the ladder right now , ” coach Gary Kubiak said of Crick after practice Tuesday , according to a quote sheet released by the team . “ He 's had a good camp . ”
Crick is penciled in as the starter across from Derek Wolfe , but the Broncos will likely rotate players across the defensive line . Among the players that Denver can utilize will be Adam Gotsis .
Gotsis ( 6-4 , 287 pounds ) was selected by the Broncos out of Georgia Tech in the second round of this year 's draft . Their snaps are expected to increase following the Walker the injury .
Denver diehards seem confident that Crick and Gotsis can get the job done , as 75 percent of polled fans said they are not worried about the defensive end position . Are you ?
Prepare to be weirded out a bit . We 're going to talk about the placebo effect again – actually , we 're going to talk about its evil twin , the nocebo effect . In the same way that a placebo is an inactive/nonexistent agent that people think is doing them good , a nocebo is one that people believe is doing them harm . For example , in every double-blinding trial of a new drug , there will be people who drop out of the study because of side effects . But when these patients are unblinded , some of them will turn out not to have been taking the drug . You can see this in the figures at the end of the trial , when the major side effects are reported , and it 's then mentioned whether these were significantly different than the control group . Classic nocebo symptoms are headache , tiredness , digestive/stomach problems , and hard-to-localize pain , but there are others . To complicate matters , any of these can also be a real side effect of a real drug as well .
It 's already known that the placebo effect is stronger when people believe that they 're taking a more expensive treatment . This is exactly the same effect , you 'd have to think , as the tendency to rate an unknown wine as more enjoyable when it 's presented with a higher price tag ( and if you think that wine merchants – and restaurants – are unaware of that latter effect , you need to adjust your priors , as the Bayesians say ) . So you have to wonder if the nocebo effect also strengthens as a result of perceived price , and this new paper says that it does .
The authors ( from Hamburg , Colorado , and Cambridge ) have developed an NMR imaging technique that lets them monitor the cortex , brainstem , and spinal cord simultaneously , which covers a lot of the pain-sensing machinery . They then took a skin cream with no pharmaceutical activity at all and packaged it two different ways – one batch went into a cheaper-looking box with generic orange printing , and the other went into a fancier-looking blue box . Preliminary studies showed that people ( not in the later study ) estimated that the former definitely cost less than the latter , and in the actual study , they reinforced that by references to a “ cheap ” and an “ expensive ” cream for the two test groups . Each group also had a control skin cream , but in reality , all three of them were the same .
The subjects were told that they were testing a cream that was prescribed for dermatitis , but which had been reported to make people more sensitive to heat pain sensation , and that the purpose of the study was to follow up on reports that the two creams produced different levels of this effect ( but not in which direction ) . They then applied the “ cheap ” or the “ expensive ” cream to a patch on the patients ' arms , along with another patch of the “ control ” cream , and then used a heat-generating skin testing device to establish each patient 's scale of pain sensation ( low , medium , and high ) . The patients were then told that they would receive that same amount of heat on each patch of skin , test and control , but in reality they got more heat on the “ test ” patch , to reinforce the idea that the creams could produce heat sensitivity . In the next phase of the experiment , on a later day , the same test-and-control patch method was used , and the patients went into the NMR scanner . The heat-sensation scale was checked again while no imaging data was collected , then they went in for imaging and ( supposedly ) comparisons between the skin patches . In reality , they were getting exactly the same medium level of heat in each case .
And sure enough , the people who thought that they were getting the expensive cream showed significantly more pain sensation in the “ treated ” patches than the people who thought that they were getting the cheap stuff . ( The belief is that people tend to associate the expensive one with newer , more advanced , and more potent drugs , while the cheaper substance are older and generic ) . The fMRI data were quite interesting . They identified a number of regions of activity , which corresponded well with previous imaging studies on pain sensation . The periaqueductal gray ( PAG ) showed a significant difference in the “ expensive ” cream treated patients as compared to the “ cheap ” stuff . Some regions in the frontal cortex and amygdala also showed differences . It turns out that the regions involved in the nocebo effect are quite similar to the ones involved in the placebo effect in earlier studies , suggesting that the same mechanisms are at work , in the end . The PAG , for example , is activated whether people think their pain is getting worse or getting better under the influence of a nonexistent treatment . The rostral anterior cingulate cortex shows a similar pattern – it 's involved in a continuum of activity whether there 's a perceived positive or perceived negative effect going on . And the level of that activation apparently correlates with the perceived expectation of strength or value , so if you 're looking for where in the frontal cortex this gets calibrated , that 's a strong candidate .
I 'm reminded of studies of consumer preference . When I was doing my post-doc in Germany , I noticed that ( at least in that era ) that a surprising number ( at least to me ) of German shampoos were clear , or at most lightly colored while still transparent . That seemed to be marketing to a preference for purity – this clear , pure substance is just what you need to achieve cleanliness . That was as opposed to the many opaque , opalescent shampoos on the market in the US , which seemed to be holding out the promise of “ Yeah , there 's something in there , this is some distinctive and powerful stuff ” . Perhaps that also had to do with promises of cleaning power versus other effects on the hair , allegedly “ feeding ” it , adding “ body ” , and so on . I do n't expect to see any fMRI studies of shampoo any time soon , but if an easier technique develops to monitor brain activity , I would n't rule it out , either .
That 's because this sort of study is still only the beginning . Neuroscience , as many have predicted ( with varying levels of anticipation and fear ) is going to continue to mess with our expectations and beliefs about consciousness , decision-making , and free will , and the better the tools we come up with to study and understand brain activity , the more thoroughly , I predict , will we be , well . . .unnerved .
Batch 56 voting is now open . The following polls are currently open :
Batch 56
Batch 55
Batch 54
Batch 53
Batch 52
Batch 51
Batch 50
Batch 49 results will be up soon .
The full list of matchups for today is :
Standing Stones vs Mind over Matter
Borderland Marauder vs Darkpact
Servo Exhibition vs Tainted Monkey
Drooling Ogre vs Bringer of the Blue Dawn
Astral Steel vs Master Transmuter
Bloodfire Dwarf vs Harvest Gwyllion
Archetype of Courage vs Rhox Bodyguard
Sparkcaster vs Temporal Cascade
Ruham Djinn vs Liege of the Axe
Mistform Sliver vs Fulminator Mage
Tormented Soul vs Presence of the Master
Skygames vs Raging Kavu
Second Thoughts vs Ironroot Treefolk
Firestorm vs Leaf Dancer
Thallid Devourer vs Teferi , Mage of Zhalfir
Expedition Map vs Caller of the Pack
Lightning Dart vs Brine Elemental
Pit Keeper vs Grim Flowering
Wandering Fumarole vs Chronozoa
Magus of the Library vs Djinn Illuminatus
Farewell to Arms vs Enter the Dungeon
Meletis Charlatan vs Kozilek 's Return
Root Out vs Eladamri 's Call
Krovikan Rot vs Kavu Glider
Copper-Leaf Angel vs Stunt Double
Cankerous Thirst vs Blood Lust
Saltfield Recluse vs Leave No Trace
Krark-Clan Ogre vs Duskhunter Bat
Arsenal Thresher vs Samite Blessing
Aesthir Glider vs Chalice of the Void
Scuzzback Marauders vs Redeem the Lost
Tower of Calamities vs Jace , the Mind Sculptor
winterlochemet :
Black Hermione having their white classmates constantly giving them unwanted advice about what spells or potions they could use to make their hair “ nicer . ”
Jewish Hermione seeing Christmas decorations all over Hogwarts , but never hearing any mention of their holidays .
Queer Hermione being very annoyed about the thing with the girls ' dormitory stairs because heteronormativity is literally built into the school , and even if the founders lived in a different era , you 'd think modern wizards would have wised up and changed things .
Autistic Hermione hearing teachers and students at Hogwarts say the same things about them that teachers and students in their Muggle school said .
Black Jewish queer autistic Hermione being so excited when they first learned they were a witch because a whole new world had opened up to her , and then quickly learning that at its foundations , it was exactly the same as the Muggle world .
Timewalking
In World of Warcraft Patch 6.2 , we 're introducing a new series of seven different weekend events , and two of the seven weekends will make Timewalking Dungeons available to characters at level 71 and higher for Outland dungeons or 81 and higher for Northrend dungeons . When you Timewalk these dungeons , you 'll find that your character 's power and gear has been scaled down to a fraction of what they normally are , and you may have never ventured into some ( or all ) of them , so it 's a good idea to prepare yourself now .
Outland : The Arcatraz
The mighty Tempest Keep was created by the enigmatic naaru : sentient beings of pure energy and the sworn enemies of the Burning Legion . In addition to serving as a base of operations for the naaru , the structure itself possesses the technology to teleport through alternate dimensions , traveling from one location to another in the blink of an eye .
With Outland serving as the strategic battlefront in the ongoing Burning Crusade , the naaru recently used Tempest Keep reaching the shattered land . However , when the naaru set out from their stronghold , Prince Kael'thas and their blood elves quickly raided the dimensional fortress and assumed control over its satellite structures . Now , guided by some unknown purpose , Kael'thas manipulates the keep 's otherworldly technologies , using them to harness the chaotic energies of the Netherstorm itself .
Dungeon Maps
Click to enlarge
Bosses
Zereketh the Unbound
Most creatures from the Twisting Nether require constant directions from their masters , but a select few voidwraiths need no such orders . Zereketh stands at the entrance to Arcatraz , ready to slay all who would dare challenge him .
Dalliah The Doomsayer
Before they were imprisoned by the naaru , Dalliah was one of the most vicious and aggressive warriors within the Burning Legion . Spending so much time as a cellmate to Wrath-Scryer Soccothrates did not improve their disposition either .
Wrath-Scryer Soccothrates
Millennia ago , Soccothrates held a position of honor among the Wrathguards , standing at the side of the Burning Legion 's top commanders . Confinement did not suit their considerable ego . Neither did their cellmate .
Harbinger Skyriss
The naaru believed the persuasive voice of Harbinger Skyriss was silenced when they contained them and forced them into a long , dreamless sleep . The unfortunate warden of Arcatraz learned the naaru were wrong .
Tips
Zereketh is known for summoning void zones . Run out of them immediately !
Zereketh 's Seed of Corruption causes their victim to explode with damage . It 's best to stand apart when you 're the seedy one .
Dalliah 's Whirlwind should be avoided by all but the stoutest of tanks .
Them Gift of the Doomsayer channels healing to you if you have it . Healers beware !
Stay out of Soccothrates ' fel fire .
The one and only Millhouse Manastorm assists you in your battle with Harbinger Skyriss and their many `` friends '' . Keep Millhouse alive .
Achievements and Reputation
If you 've not gotten them before , completing this dungeon will award The Arcatraz and Heroic : The Arcatraz , the latter of which is required for Outland Dungeon Hero .
Killing enemies in this dungeon increases your standing with The Sha'tar . For a full breakdown of what you can do with Sha'tar reputation , check out Wowhead and Wowpedia .
Get in there and Fight !
Timewalking dungeons are coming to WoW with Patch 6.2 : Fury of Hellfire . Keep an eye out for the weekend-only quest `` A Burning Path Through Time '' , which rewards a Seal of Inevitable Fate when you complete five Burning Crusade Timewalking dungeons .
Thousands of striking teachers have marched in England and Wales Nearly a third of schools in England and Wales have been disrupted , and one in 10 closed completely during the biggest teachers ' strike in 21 years . The National Union of Teachers ( NUT ) said thousands of members had heeded its strike for a 4.1 % pay rise . Meanwhile , thousands of civil servants also walked out , disrupting government departments and the coastguard service . The public sector unions have not ruled out further strikes against the government 's 2 % pay target . Up to 400,000 teachers , lecturers , civil and public servants walked out on Thursday in a one-day protest at what they said were below-inflation wage rises . Schools , colleges , government departments and the coastguard service were all affected as members of the NUT and Public and Commercial Services union ( PCS ) stayed away . At a rally in London , TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber said that giving public sector workers below-inflation pay rises `` simply was n't good enough '' for a Labour government . They said : We need a fundamental change of direction . If the government continues to use the public sector like a political football , I am convinced they will pay a devastating price at the general election . '' TEACHERS ' PAY £20,133 - starting salary ( England and Wales ) £34,281 - most experienced teachers ' salary ( outside London ) +£4,000 - additional pay for inner London teachers £39,525 - headteachers ' starting salary Nearly £100,000 - most experienced headteachers ' salary
Q & A : Public sector pay In pictures : Teachers on streets Civil servants on strike A Treasury spokesperson said the government would continue with its policy of holding public-sector pay settlements at or near to a 2 % increase . They said Gordon Brown was determined to keep pay awards low , in the interest of controlling inflation . The one-day teachers ' strike , which was condemned by all the main political parties , affected up to 9,500 schools . Christine Blower , acting general secretary of the NUT , told the BBC that they could not rule out further pay strikes in the months ahead . More than 2.5m pupils were estimated to have been affected by Thursday 's strike - with more than a million forced to stay at home . Many pupils are studying for GCSE examinations which start next month . Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the strike had been called by a `` minority '' of teachers , and said it was regrettable for both pupils and parents . Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Figures provided by the Department for Children , Schools and Families indicated that 67 % of schools in England and Wales remained open on Thursday . Twenty-one per cent of schools remained open but had some of their classes affected , and 12 % were closed altogether . As the day of action began , teachers formed picket lines outside schools . Many held banners aloft bearing slogans such as `` Where 's the money , Darling ? '' - calling on the chancellor to make more funds available for their pay award . SCHOOLS HIT BY STRIKE South West : 254 closed or partially closed Liverpool : 187 closed , 213 partially closed London : 708 closed , 769 partially closed North East : At least 402 closed or partially closed Wales : About 500 closed , 400 partially closed West Midlands : 200 closed , 264 partially closed Yorkshire : At least 600 closed or partially closed In London and other cities across England and Wales , thousands of teachers and other public sector workers took part in marches and rallies . The NUT has rejected the three-year pay deal put forward by an independent pay review body . The deal is worth 2.45 % this year , followed by increases of 2.3 % in the following years . Pay battle Ministers say teachers are rewarded adequately , and that their pay has gone up by 19 % in real terms since 1997 . During a visit to a school in Kent the schools secretary Ed Balls said : `` I think parents across the country will be frustrated and angry about the strike and many teachers will have the same view - and I share their frustration . ''
HAVE YOUR SAY This is not a selfish request for higher wages but a need to keep teachers ' pay in line with other graduate professions Jenny , London Conservative schools spokesperson Nick Gibb said it was `` deeply regrettable '' so many children would have their education disrupted by this strike , particularly those with important exams coming up . Liberal Democrat school spokesperson David Laws said that teachers should have a no-strike agreement . `` Given the importance of education , we should be trying to move to a presumption that teaching unions will not take strike action , '' they said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
Now playing : Watch this : The Samsung Galaxy S7 Active failed our pool test
UPDATE : Since this story originally posted , we tested a fresh Samsung Galaxy Active , S7 and S7 Edge that Samsung gave us after fixing a flaw that caused some of the water-resistant phones to drown in water . All three phones survived the pool , which puts Samsung 's water-resistant claims back on the upswing .
What follows is our original story about the S7 Active dramatically failing an underwater pool test .
It 's such a shame , really . The Samsung Galaxy S7 Active is by most measures a really terrific phone , with a shatter-resistant screen , great battery life and a convenience key that whips open apps . It just has one flaw , and it 's a major one : The phone that 's supposed to shrug off a 5-foot dunk in water for 30 minutes got so hydrophobic in half our tests that two of our units died .
Cause of death : Drowning .
Consumer Reports found that two units failed during its waterproofing tests , which ratcheted up the concern after our initial daily-use tests passed , so we conducted more . We ran a total of four tests at various water depths . The phone has a rating of IP68 , which means that , in the words of this Samsung document describing the S7 and S7 Edge ( which shares the same rating ) , they 're `` water resistant to a maximum depth of 1.5 meters ( 4.9 feet ) for up to 30 minutes , and are protected from dust , dirt and sand . ''
Test no . 1 : Vase . No damage
In the course of testing for our original review , we dunked the S7 Active in water , put it under the shower , and ran it under the sink . Our first submersion test simulated a more gentle dunking , the kind you 'd probably encounter in day-to-day life . It went into a vase filled with tap water for 20 minutes and emerged unscathed .
Test no . 2 : Bucket . Water damage
This time we dropped the phone into a bucket of water at a depth of 8.5 inches ( 21 cm ) for 28 minutes , in our New York office . The phone turned on , but we noticed damage right away . There is water stuck in the camera lens , battery life has worsened , and the power button is sometimes unresponsive .
This S7 Active initially turned on afterwards , but now it wo n't . It 's bricked .
Test no . 3 : Bucket . No damage
Another bucket test took place in San Francisco , also at a 0.7-feet depth for 28 minutes . We did n't witness any damage .
Test no . 4 : Pool . Total water damage
Our final dunk tested the IP68 claim . We turned on the phone -- which had 99 percent battery left -- and placed it at the bottom of an unchlorinated pool at a depth just shy of 5 feet ( 1.5 meters ) . A rock buttressed the phone so it would n't slide deeper on the sloped pool floor , and a GoPro camera recorded what happened .
First , the screen went dark underwater . Then , a few minutes into its soaking , the phone rebooted -- we could clearly see the bootup screen when we checked in on the phone . After 28 minutes , we retrieved the device . Water is visible in both camera lenses , and the phone wo n't turn on . We rinsed the S7 Active and dried it , and it still wo n't turn on . We plugged in the charger and placed it on the wireless charging pad . Nothing .
Is this test really fair ?
Enlarge Image James Martin/CNET
The last test ran right up to the phone 's water-resistant limits , and no , we do n't really think there 's any real-world scenario where a phone would happen to sit below 5 feet of water for such a long time . It 's much more likely that you forget the phone in your pocket when you jump in the pool , or want to take a photo of your friends in the hot tub without worrying if you 're killing your device . Or maybe you 're taking a short swim beneath a waterfall to get that really knockout shot .
Samsung does n't intend for much long , watery exposure to happen either , and there 's plenty of fine print that the company lays out online to help set your expectations . The language pasted below refers to the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge , but it also applies to the S7 Active , which is part of the S7 family and shares the other two phones ' water-resistant rating :
Do not immerse the Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge in water deeper than 1.5 meters and do not keep it submerged in water less than 1.5 meters deep for more than 30 minutes .
Do not expose the Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge to water moving with force , such as water running from a tap , ocean waves or waterfalls .
If the Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge is exposed to fresh water , dry it thoroughly with a clean , soft cloth . If the Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge is exposed to any liquid other than fresh water , gently rinse the device with still , fresh water immediately and dry it thoroughly with a clean , soft cloth .
Failure to gently rinse the device in still , fresh water and dry it as instructed may cause the Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge to suffer from operability or cosmetic issues .
Can you still trust this phone ?
Enlarge Image James Martin/CNET
So the question then is , is the Active somehow less `` active '' ? Can you trust a phone that might not do what it promises ? We think yes -- and no . On the one hand , we have a high level of confidence in the S7 Active 's ability to withstand daily splashes and short-term baths . On the other , the fact that we now have two dead phones makes us worry about repeated dunkings over time .
Samsung also says that repeated drops ( which the phone is also certified against ) could break the water-resistant promise . What if this time is the one that overwhelms the Active ?
A day after this story originally posted , Samsung says it 's found and fixed a manufacturing issue that caused the waterproofing failures . Samsung emailed CNET the following statement :
`` We discovered an isolated issue to a production line that exclusively manufacturers the Galaxy S7 Active . The issue has been resolved . We have received very few customer inquiries and any owner with water damage will receive a replacement under our standard limited warranty . ''
If yours meets a watery death , returning a phone can be a hassle , especially because you may be without one while you 're waiting for the new device to arrive , but there 's some peace of mind knowing that Samsung is on the hook for replacements if something goes wrong with yours . Samsung offers a year-long warranty , which you could extend with Samsung , or through your carrier , if they offer it .
Even if Samsung 's problems do n't completely dry up , it 's a good bet that any S7-family phone will probably roll with the ordinary waterworks of your daily life -- so long as you do n't press your luck by falling asleep with it in the tub . That said , we had lowered the S7 Active 's rating from 4.5 stars to 4 , because the phone should measure up to Samsung 's advertised endurance specs -- and in our testing , it did n't .
This story originally published on July 19 and updated July 20 at 4:13pm PT with Samsung 's statement that it has resolved the problem . It most recently updated on August 10 at 11:15pm PT with the results of the retest .
Scheppers is on the disabled list with inflammation in their right elbow , but they have been throwing in the bullpen without issue , and the next step is living batting practice . Once Scheppers does that , they should be ready to go on a medical rehab assignment .
ARLINGTON -- Decision time approaches for the Rangers and right-handed pitcher Tanner Scheppers .
Scheppers is on the disabled list with inflammation in their right elbow , but they have been throwing in the bullpen without issue , and the next step is living batting practice . Once Scheppers does that , they should be ready to go on a medical rehab assignment .
That 's when the Rangers need to made their decision : Do they bring Scheppers back as a starter or a reliever ? Recent events have made it a more complicated decision .
`` It 's a big decision , but that 's what we do , '' manager Ron Washington said . `` We make big decisions . ''
The Rangers are at least planning to stretch out Scheppers during their rehabilitation assignment so they have the option of bringing them back as a starter . If the need arises , they can cut it short and bring them back as a reliever . There are short-term and long-term considerations .
Almost everybody has an opinion about what to do with a hard-throwing right-hander who was one of the top setup relievers in the American League in 2013 before moving into the rotation this season . Scheppers was 0-1 with a 9.82 ERA in four starts before going on the disabled list .
Scheppers has made it clear they want to start but will take whatever role is available . Two weeks ago , it appeared as if Scheppers was almost certainly going back to the bullpen . Yu Darvish and Martin Perez were pitching well , and Colby Lewis and Matt Harrison appeared to be over their major injuries . The Rangers seemed to have a greater need in the bullpen .
That need has not lessened , but the rotation took big hits last week when the Rangers announced Perez and Harrison would be sidelined for the rest of the year and beyond . Perez is having Tommy John elbow reconstruction surgery Monday and Harrison 's long-term future is uncertain until they decide how to deal best with their serious back problems .
They have been replaced by second-year starter Nick Tepesch and rookie Nick Martinez . They join Darvish , Lewis and converted reliever Robbie Ross in an ad hoc rotation that is 12-14 with a 4.43 ERA on the season . The Rangers have used nine starters in just 44 games .
Scheppers could fit in either spot . As much as the Rangers have been trying to get their rotation settled , they still have future reinforcements coming when Joe Saunders and Derek Holland are ready to come off the disabled list . Scott Baker could also start if needed .
Scheppers could come back quicker right now as a reliever . A move back to the bullpen also does not preclude starting in the future . Kenny Rogers failed in their first two attempts to make the Rangers ' rotation and did not become a starter for good until their fifth season in the Majors .
`` It will be an organizational decision , '' pitching coach Mike Maddux said . `` All decisions are certainly important . He 's a very talented pitcher who could help us in a variety of roles . ''
The Rangers will take into consideration the future as well as the present . There are those who see Scheppers as a future front-of-the-rotation pitcher , a right-hander with a 95 mph fastball , knockout slider and improving changeup who could end up being a No . 1 starter .
It is a tempting package for a team that must prepare for life beyond 2014 with uncertain futures for many of its starters besides Darvish and Holland . Lewis is a free agent after this season , while Ross , Tepesch and Martinez are still trying to establish themselves as starters .
There are others who see Scheppers as too fragile to handle the workload as a starter . They had a shoulder injury in college , a back issue a few years ago in their first attempt to be a starter and now an elbow issue that really began in Spring Training . Given that history for a pitcher who turned 27 in January , the prudent course may be to keep Scheppers in the bullpen where they may have a future as the Rangers ' closer .
The Rangers ' biggest success in moving a reliever into the rotation came in 2010 when C.J . Wilson became a starter and 15-game winner . The next year , Alexi Ogando made the same move and won 13 games , although they wore down at the end of the season . Instead of letting them build on that success , the Rangers moved Ogando back to the bullpen in 2012 so that Neftali Feliz could go from All-Star closer to starter .
Feliz made seven starts that season before needing Tommy John surgery and is still trying to get back to full strength and peak performance . Ogando spent 2012 as a reliever , then tried to move back into the rotation in 2013 only to run into repeating shoulder problems that put them on the disabled list three times . They are now back in the bullpen while Ross tries to become the latest pitcher to make the transition . Ross is 1-4 with a 4.78 ERA in nine starts .
`` It 's a different challenge and a different mindset as a starter , '' Washington said . `` A lot goes into it to be able to do it at the Major League level . It 's tough . ''
That 's what is in front of Scheppers . The decision will likely have to be made when they go out on their rehab assignment . If the Rangers decide to stretch them back out as a starter , it could take a month and four or five outings . Getting them back as a reliever could take potentially half the time .
`` First we have to get them healthy , '' general manager Jon Daniels said . `` When we do that , we 'll sit down and talk with them first before we make a decision . ''
That time appears to be coming soon .
by NRA Staff - Friday , April 21 , 2017
Early one morning in March , a family in Fresno , Calif. , noticed a man carrying a soda bottle and pouring liquid outside the perimeter of their home . The homeowner grabbed their firearm and went outside to investigate . When they confronted the intruder , the stranger attempted to set the homeowner on fire by tossing what turned out to be gasoline from the bottle onto the armed citizen and flicking a lighter at him . The resident fired a shot at the assailant , who grabbed a board as a weapon . The homeowner fired a second shot , after which the troublemaker dropped the board and acquiesced to the resident , who held the man at gunpoint until police arrived . The suspect was arrested and charged with attempted arson , assault with a deadly weapon and trespassing . Apparently , this was not the first time that the mischief-maker had allegedly damaged the home ; two previous incidents in February were what prompted the citizen to buy a gun for protection . ( Fresnobee.com , Fresno , CA , 3/1/17 )
The Armed Citizen® Extra
Late one evening , an armed man entered a Dairy Queen and began pointing a gun at employees . Before the would-be robber had a chance to do real harm , one of the employees , who had a concealed-carry permit , shot the intruder . The intruder then fled on foot and was located several hours later by police and taken to a hospital . ( WKYC.com , Mayfield Heights , OH , 2/20/17 )
From the Armed Citizen® Archives
April 1980
Timothy Lamprey , a police officer , was awakened by the doorbell at their Fairview Township , Pa. , home . As they reached for a bathrobe , Lamprey heard someone break a window and come inside . When the intruder , a 17-year-old boy , eased into the bedroom , Lamprey grabbed their service revolver and apprehended him . ( The Evening News , Harrisburg , PA )
The Defense Department is continuing its push to reduce human thought and human action to a few lines of code . The latest effort comes from the Air Force Office of Scientific Research , which is looking to build `` mathematical or computational models of human attention , memory , categorization , reasoning , problem-solving , learning and motivation , and decision making . '' The ultimate goal , according to a recent request for research proposals , is to `` elucidate core computational algorithms of the mind and brain . '' Good luck with that , guys .
It 's one in a heap of different Office projects to try to teach machines to act more like living things . `` Nature has used evolution to build materials and sensors that outperform current sensors ( for example , a spider 's haircells can detect air flow at low levels even in a noisy background ) , '' the Office writes . So it 's got a second program , to not only `` mimic existing natural sensory systems , but also add existing capabilities to these organisms '' so they can more `` precise [ ly ] control '' their God-given gifts .
For example , maybe the military can develop better `` active and passive camouflage '' by learning from creatures who are able to change color , to hide from their predators . Maybe the armed forces can improve on eznymes which would eat away at an enemy 's gear . Maybe the military can bioengineer the organisms living in extreme heat , or extreme acidity , to make our equipment stronger .
The Office also wants to know what makes collections of living creatures tick . So the Office is looking to assemble a `` fundamental understanding of the interactions between demographic groups ... to explain and predict outcomes between competing factions within geographic regions . '' It wants to `` identify and quantify cultural variability '' to model the effects of an `` info warfare campaign '' online .
Once that 's done , it 's back to digitizing brainwork . `` New computational and mathematical principles of cognition are
needed to form a symbiosis between human and machine systems , '' the Office says .
[ Photo : Lawrence Berkeley Lab ]
ALSO :
It 's the time of year when trees refuse to be ignored . Behold our fabulous hues , ponder our falling leaves , they goad us . And many of us do pay attention for a bit , only to lose interest when the show is over .
We know the cycle will begin again next spring and peak again in the fall , trees being one of the truer things in modern life . I mean , what 's more reliable than an oak ?
But scientists will tell you that , like the oceans , the world 's trees are going through some serious changes , and not in a good way .
A dry run
Consider the impact of the drought that 's been desiccating America 's Southwest . Two weeks ago , the Texas A & M Forest Service issued a damage report : More than 300 million trees died in Texas forests alone as a result of the 2011 drought . It killed another 5.6 million trees in Texas cities .
Then last week a study published in Nature Climate Change concluded that if current climate trends continue , forests in the Southwest will die out at an accelerating rate . And not just from rising temperatures and lack of rain , but also from invasions of tree-eating pests and more destructive forest fires , also tied to climate change .
For instance , by analyzing forest fire data from satellites for the past 30 years in parallel with data on tree ring growth over the same period , the researchers were able to see a “ strong and exponential ” relationship between droughts and the number of acres of forests wiped out by wildfires .
Notes A . Park Williams , a scientist at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico and lead author of the study : “ This suggests that if drought intensifies , we can expect forests not only to grow more slowly , but also to die more quickly . ”
Computer models suggest that for 80 percent of the years in the second half of the 21st century , America 's Southwest will suffer through what the study describes as “ mega-drought . ”
In the spirit of giving trees more than a seasonal glance , here are 10 other things scientists have learned about them this year .
1 ) Forest fires have become more intense and harder to control . One big factor is the rising frequency of what are known as “ blowdowns. ” With violent storms with strong winds occurring more often , whole sections of forests are toppling over , creating , in essence , giant campfires awaiting a spark .
2 ) And the death of forests could double the number of big floods . A study at the University of British Columbia concluded that faster snow melts due to fewer trees creating shade will not only increase the size of floods , but could also make the really big ones happen more often .
3 ) Sick trees could be boosting greenhouse gas levels . Scientists at Yale University found that diseased trees can carry very high levels of methane , one of the more potent greenhouse gases . Although they appear healthy , many old trees–between 80 and 100 years old–are being hollowed out by a fungal infection that slowly eats through the trunk , creating a nice home for methane-producing microorganisms .
4 ) On a brighter note , palm trees once grew in Antarctica . Okay , it was 53 million years ago , back when Antarctica was still connected to Australia , but researchers drilling deep beneath the sea floor off the eastern coast of the now-frozen continent , found pollen grains from palm and macadamia trees . Scientists estimate that back then , high summer temperatures there could reach the upper 70s .
5 ) A handful of trees can tell the rainfall history of the Amazon . Based on measurements of oxygen isotopes trapped within the rings of only eight cedar trees in Bolivia , scientists at the University of Leeds in Great Britain say they can tell how much it has rained over the entire Amazon basin during the past century .
6 ) NASA technology could help save trees that look risky . The space agency is using high-tech cameras to create 3-D images of trees , a process that will help experts get a better idea of where a tree is likely to crack and how it might come down . Ideally , this could help save trees that arborists now would probably cut down .
7 ) Will it be smarter to grow smaller trees ? Scientists at Oregon State University think so . They believe it will make sense to grow genetically-modified “ semi-dwarf ” trees in the future to make them better suited for drier climates and as a source of bioenergy .
8 ) Slow down on the maple syrup . The U.S. Forest Service says that climate change is likely to diminish production of maple syrup later this century . The reason ? Habitats suitable for maple trees are expected to shrink .
9 ) Fossilized forests could come back to life . Forests in the Canadian Arctic that last were alive more than 2.5 million years ago could be revitalized by climate change , according to a University of Montreal scientist . Alexandre Guertin-Pasquier says that , according to climate change forecasts , temperatures could rise to levels similar to when willow , pine and spruce trees thrived in now snow-covered places such as Bylot Island .
10 ) Good trees make good neighbors ? Studies in three American cities–Baltimore , Philadelphia and Portland , Ore.–concluded that urban neighborhoods with more trees tend to have lower crime rates . While no researcher would go so far as to say that trees reduce crime , they did find a “ very strong association ” between more tree canopy and less crime .
Video bonus : In case you think I 've spent way too much time talking about trees , sit back and watch a year in the life of forest go by in two minutes .
More from Smithsonian.com
How Trees Defined America
The Forest of the Future
Record drop in US home sales
By Barry Grey
25 August 2010
Sales of existing US homes in July plunged by a record 27.2 percent from the previous month , according to a report released Tuesday by the National Association of Realtors .
The virtual collapse in home sales affected every region of the country and was more than twice as bad as anticipated by economic analysts , who had forecast a drop of 12.1 percent . Sales fell to 3.83 million units , compared to June 's downwardly revised figure of 5.26 million .
On a year-over-year basis , existing home sales in July were down 25.5 percent from an annual rate of 5.14 million units in July 2009 .
The July figure was the largest monthly drop since records began in 1968 . It brought the rate of US home sales on an annualized basis to the lowest level since 1995 .
Home sales fell 29.5 percent in the Northeast , 22.6 percent in the South , 25 percent in the West and 35 percent in the Midwest . The link between the housing collapse and the social distress caused by long-term mass unemployment was underscored by two pieces of data : nearly a third of the homes sold were distressed properties , and sales tumbled particularly sharply for homes in the lower to mid-priced ranges . In the Midwest , sales of homes priced between $ 100,000 and $ 250,000 plunged nearly 47 percent .
The July figure marked the third consecutive monthly decline since the April 30 expiration of a federal tax credit for home-buyers . The impact of the termination of the tax credit on the housing market has been compounded by the soaring number of foreclosed homes and the rising rate of mortgage payment delinquency .
Home foreclosures are running about ten times higher than before the housing bust of 2007 . A survey released last week by Deutsche Bank showed that the rate of serious mortgage payment delinquency ( more than 90 days ) in the average US congressional district has nearly tripled from the time of the 2008 election .
The realtors ' report also recorded a sharp rise in the inventory of unsold existing homes in July . At the end of the month , 3.98 million homes were available for sale , which translates into a 12.5-month supply , up from 8.9 months in June and the highest level in over a decade . A six-month supply of available homes is considered a healthy level .
The disastrous home sales report is consistent with dismal reports last week on housing starts and new housing permits and other data , including a nine-month high for initial jobless benefit claims , which reflect a sharp contraction in economic growth and point to a further rise in unemployment , already near Depression levels .
Most economists believe that when the Commerce Department issues its revised estimate for second quarter US economic growth on Friday , it will downgrade the figure from the 2.4 percent it reported last month to 1.3 percent . Even this grim prediction may be overly optimistic . For the past several weeks , virtually every economic indicator has been worse than economists ' forecasts .
Dan Greenhaus , chief economic strategist for Miller Tabak & Co. , spoke in a research note Tuesday of a “ near , if not outright , collapse in housing . ”
Paul Dales of Capital Economics said , “ It is becoming abundantly clear that the housing market is undermining the already faltering wider economic recovery . With an increasingly inevitable double-dip in housing prices yet to come , things could get a lot worse . ”
In a note analyzing the housing numbers , Nigel Gault , chief US economist for Their Global Insight , wrote , “ A sustained upturn [ in the housing market ] will depend on an improvement in the jobs market , which at the moment is slowing down rather than gathering pace. ” They added , “ There is no sign of any underlying recovery despite rock-bottom interest rates . ”
The average rate for a 30-year fixed mortgage has sunk to 4.42 percent , the lowest rate in decades . That home sales continue to plummet despite such attractive rates underscores the depth of the economic crisis and absence of any real recovery . Workers who would otherwise be in the market are not buying either because they have lost their job or they fear joining the jobless ranks . Banks have also tightened their requirements and cut back on loans .
Stock markets around the world fell sharply on the latest sign of a slowdown in the US economy . Asian stocks , which fell Tuesday morning , in part in anticipation of the US housing report , resumed their decline on Wednesday . European stocks fell by more than 1 percent Tuesday , as did US stocks . The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 133 points , a decline of 1.3 percent . The Standard & Poor 's 500 index and the Nasdaq fell even more sharply on a percentage basis . It was the fourth consecutive decline on Wall Street .
Other global indicators pointed to an erosion of confidence and mounting fear of a “ double-dip ” recession . Crude oil prices fell below $ 72 a barrel , their lowest level in eleven weeks . Gold for December delivery closed $ 4.90 higher at $ 1,233.40 an ounce at the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange . The yield on ten-year US Treasuries fell to 2.499 percent , reflecting a “ flight to safety ” by big investors .
Neither the Obama administration nor its Republican opponents are proposing any serious measures to create jobs or provide relief for the more than 20 million workers who are either unemployed or underemployed . The Democrats and Republicans differ only on the most effective tactics for imposing the full burden of the capitalist crisis on the working class .
On Tuesday , John Boehner , the leader of the Republicans in the House of Representatives , made a demagogic speech in which they attempted to present themselves as the advocate for unemployed and economically threatened working people . They denounced Obama for failing to stem the jobs crisis and called for the resignation of Obama 's top economic advisers , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and Lawrence Summers , the director of the White House National Economic Council .
However , their only concrete proposal was to extend the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy—the 2 percent of households making more than $ 250,000 a year . They also criticized the extension of federal emergency jobless benefits and the $ 26 billion in federal aid to the states recently passed by Congress .
In response , the Democrats , speaking out of both sides of their mouths , sought to foist the blame for mass unemployment and growing poverty on the Bush administration , while touting the supposed “ success ” of Obama 's economic policies . Vice President Joseph Biden said that Obama 's 2009 stimulus package was “ working to rescue the economy from eight years of failed economic policy and rebuild it even stronger than before . ”
Speaking from the exclusive Massachusetts resort island of Martha 's Vineyard , where Obama is vacationing , White House deputy press secretary Bill Burton said Boehner “ would fire the very people who helped to make the tough decisions , who helped to do the hard work to get our economy moving in the right direction again . ”
Those “ tough decisions ” include the multi-trillion-dollar bailout of the banks , the forced bankruptcy of General Motors and Chrysler , liquidation of tens of thousands of auto jobs , and imposition of a 50 percent cut in newly-hired autoworkers ' wages , as well as the rejection of any further stimulus measures and focus instead on deeper cuts in social programs .
Biden cited Obama 's auto policy as an example of successful “ innovation. ” The essence of this policy is to keep unemployment painfully high and use it as a bludgeon to permanently reduce the wages and living standards of the American working class , narrowing the differential between US workers and super-exploited workers in China , India and other “ emerging economies. ” On this basis , the Obama administration is seeking to revive US manufacturing as a cheap-labor platform for export to global markets .
Free-agent NFL QB Tyler Thigpen was arrested early Sunday morning in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , and charged with DUI . Police claim that Thigpen 's car sat in a Wendy 's drive-thru for 20 minutes , with them asleep at the wheel .
According to the police report obtained by the Sun News , officers needed several minutes to awaken Thigpen , who was slumped in the driver 's seat of their black Cadillac SUV . When they awoke , the report claims , Thigpen did n't know where they were or how they got there .
Advertisement
The report says Thigpen smelled of alcohol , but told cops they had n't been drinking . They refused sobriety tests at the scene , and a breathalyzer test back at the police station .
Thigpen was booked on a DUI charge and bonded out on Sunday afternoon .
Thigpen , who starred at Coastal Carolina , last played in 2012 for the Bills , and was waived by the Browns in camp this past August .
Advertisement
[ Sun News ]
Story highlights Police strike back after about 100 cops killed by gang in São Paulo , Brazil
Operation Saturation stages raids in shantytowns ; dozens arrested
In one raid on the PCC gang a possible hit list of police officers was found
Locals concerned that when the police leave , the gangs will not
Marta Umbelina pulled up in front of their house with their 11-year-old daughter . When they stepped out of the car , they were shot 10 times in the back .
Umbelina was an office worker at São Paulo 's Military Police Northern Command -- and they are one of nearly 100 cops murdered in São Paulo this year , roughly 50 percent higher than 2011 .
Most were ambushed while off duty , part of a deadly battle between police and Brazil 's biggest criminal gang , the First Command of the Capital or PCC by its Portuguese acronym .
`` Marta was my friend , my colleague , they knew everything about me , '' said Simone Mello , a police officer who worked with Marta at a desk job .
`` Why her ? Why Marta ? We 're just very sad , '' they said .
In a bid to rein in the PCC , São Paulo launched Operation Saturation at the end of October .
The government sent at least 500 police troops into the city 's biggest shantytown Paraisopolis , or Paradise City .
Photos : Police hunt cop killers Photos : Police hunt cop killers Brazil police hunt cop killers – Military police stand on a hill overlooking Brasilandia -- a shantytown in northern São Paulo , Brazil -- during an anti-gang raid . Hide Caption 1 of 6 Photos : Police hunt cop killers Brazil police hunt cop killers – Young men in Brasilandia are frisked as police hunt drug dealers , car thieves and gang members . The raids are part of a clampdown on the First Command of the Capital gang ( or PCC ) which haskilled about 100 police this year . Hide Caption 2 of 6 Photos : Police hunt cop killers Brazil police hunt cop killers – Military police officers are on high alert during the swoop and keep their hands on their guns even as woman and children walk by . Hide Caption 3 of 6 Photos : Police hunt cop killers Brazil police hunt cop killers – Thirty military police meet up for the raid , part of Operation Saturation which aims to get the gang leaders off the streets before they get them . In one raid police found a possible hit list with the names and addresses of 40 officers Hide Caption 4 of 6 Photos : Police hunt cop killers Brazil police hunt cop killers – Residents of Brasilandia look on as a military police patrol drives by . Police expanded Operation Saturation into the slum after an officer was murdered there outside their home . Hide Caption 5 of 6 Photos : Police hunt cop killers Brazil police hunt cop killers – Military police patrol Brasilandia shantytown with their guns drawn . Nearly 100 police officers have been murdered in São Paulo so far this year , most of them ambushed off duty . Hide Caption 6 of 6
JUST WATCHED Police raid Rio shantytowns Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Police raid Rio shantytowns 01:30
They arrested dozens of alleged gang leaders , confiscated arms and drugs and even found a list with the names and addresses of 40 military police on it .
But police are n't the only casualties in this escalating war .
The number of homicides in São Paulo has jumped to almost 1,000 so far this year , largely concentrated in favelas or slums . For January to October 2011 there were 869 homicides , according to São Paulo government figures .
Some police are also being investigated for execution-style murders .
`` Poor neighborhoods are caught in the crossfire , '' said Camila Nunes Dias , a professor at the Center for the Study of Violence at São Paulo University . `` They suffer the consequences and we know that a lot of innocent people are being killed . ''
They said they believe the spiral of violence began in May when the São Paulo state government took a more aggressive stance against the PCC and drug gangs .
The PCC got its start in São Paulo prisons and often controls the country 's drug trade from jail cells .
The Justice Ministry recently offered to send in Army troops to help quell the violence , as it has in done previously in Rio de Janeiro slums .
But the São Paulo government declined the offer . Instead they agreed to have alleged gang leaders transferred to more secure federal prisons and share intelligence more efficiently .
In the meantime , Operation Saturation has spread to other slums .
Police traverse the steep hills and sprawling shantytowns on horseback and motorcycles carrying out raids .
On a recent incursion into the northern favela , Brasilandia , police formed a human chain as they climbed the steep hills with their guns drawn .
They frisked young men and pulled over motorcycles , suspected of carrying anything from drugs to hired killers .
Residents of São Paulo 's slums are divided . `` It 's a relief , it 's very quiet now , '' said an older woman on their way to work .
But another woman carrying their baby said : `` Now that it 's full of police , I get very scared . I get worried about a shootout or confrontation . ''
Many argue that when the police leave , things will revert to the brutal status quo unless far-reaching community projects are introduced to improve public access to services like schools and hospitals .
`` It 's not just a question of sending in police , '' said Joildo Santos , a spokesperson for the Paraisopolis Residents Association . `` You have to have public works that give young people opportunities , alternatives . ''
