The New England Patriots blanked the Houston Texans , 27-0 , in late September , and they did so without Tom Brady or even Jimmy Garoppolo playing quarterback .
So , in that respect , the early odds for Saturday 's AFC divisional round playoff matchup between the Pats and Texans should not come as a surprise .
According to Sportsbook.ag , the Patriots open as 16-point favorites in their first playoff game of 2017 .
If that line holds , it will be the fourth-highest spread in NFL playoff history .
Per Pro Football Reference , here are the most lopsided postseason spreads to date .
Super Bowl XXIX : 49ers favored by 19 points over Chargers ( 49ers won , 49-26 )
Super Bowl III : Colts favored by 18 over Jets ( Jets won , 16-7 )
1998 playoffs : Vikings favored by 16.5 over Cardinals ( Vikings won , 41-21 )
1994 playoffs : 49ers favored by 15.5 over Bears ( 49ers won , 44-15 )
1978 playoffs : Cowboys favored by 15 over Falcons ( Cowboys won , 27-20 )
Prime Minister John Key said today that he 's “ uninterested ” in a series of allegations made against Justice Minister Judith Collins in a new book by investigative journalist Nicky Hager .
The book , Dirty Politics , was released last week to intense media scrutiny , with most of that being directed at Whale Oil blogger Cameron Slater , and the alleged misdeeds of the Prime Minister 's senior advisor , Jason Ede .
But in a smaller , less scrutinized section of the book , Hager makes another claim that , until today , had gone largely overlooked : they allege that Collins , with the aid of Slater , stalked and murdered a Wellington man who threatened them on Twitter , before tossing their body into the harbour , fishing it up two hours later , and hauling it to the Beehive in front of several eyewitnesses .
Hager produces a record of a text conversation between Collins and Slater , in which Collins chastises them for tossing the body in the harbour , fearing that it will be recovered .
Slater replies , “ lol . ”
Pundits believe that this image may prove damaging to the Government .
But Key today dismissed the allegations , saying that they have n't read the book , and wo n't be doing so until after the election .
“ Look , I 'm frankly not that concerned , ” Key told media today . “ I think most New Zealanders would agree that reading can occasionally be difficult , and it 's hard to find time between watching TV and picking up the pizza from school . ”
Key added that they were still working their way through the previous two Hager books , and did n't want to be spoiled .
“ Hager is a well-known left-wing journalist , and he 's going to take what little they have , and make some assumptions here or exaggerate something there . I think at the end of the day most New Zealanders will say to themselves , look , do I care about one Justice Minister loosely associating with someone who 's a little bit of a loose cannon , and maybe murdering a regular citizen for sport , or do I care about the economy , my kid 's future , and whether David Cunliffe is sorry for being a man ? ”
Observers expect that Key wo n't suffer any personal damage as a result of the allegations , as they appear to have no direct involvement ; although Hager does detail , in one chapter , how the body of the man was hidden , secretly , inside the Prime Minister 's office for days on end , before mysteriously disappearing .
Key denies knowing the body was stuffed in their desk 's front drawer , with most of it hanging out .
“ Well , first of all , I have n't read the book , so I ca n't really comment on what 's in there , but I think if there 's this , sort of , unreasonable expectation , that I know what 's going on in every level of government at all times , then that 's just wrong , frankly , ” they said . “ The first I 'm hearing of this is now . ”
Key later admitted to TV3 's Patrick Gower that they were aware of a body on their desk , but said it was “ highly unlikely ” that it 's the same one .
“ I 'm fairly sure I know where that one came from , ” they said .
While the opposition has hoped to capitalize on the ongoing revelations in Dirty Politics to finally put a dent in National 's support , a poll released by One News this evening suggests that , were the allegations against Collins true , only 13 % of voters say they 'd be influenced by it , and of those , 72 % say they 'd be “ more likely ” to vote for the Government .
Never leave Prodigy for dead . People tried that in the mid 2000s , and Return of the Mac came out to blindside them : Alchemist shined behind the boards , providing a timelessly grimy soul-break soundtrack , while the Mobb Deep vet refocused and returned to their malevolent street-noir wheelhouse after years of questionable crossover bids . What was originally intended as a promo vehicle for Prodigy 's 2008 LP H.N.I.C . Part 2 -- a strong album in its own right -- became one of the MC 's defining late-career albums , and set a new precedent for them to live up to in their solo work . Now here we go again : skeptics figured P needed to find some way to regain their footing after their prison bid , their social media beef-not-beef with Havoc , and the rusty compromise of their first post-incarceration albums . And whether Prodigy agreed with them or not , their return to a teamup with Alchemist actually came across like it really meant something , a definitive attempt at reminding everyone just what got them to the point where it matters if they let people down .
The funny thing about Albert Einstein is that the six-year stretch between Prodigy/Alchemist collaborations means very different things for both parties ' art . Prodigy 's proven to be best when they find some new ways to describe their old habits , an endless reserve of sharp threats and cool menace fueling their dark-punchline verses . But Alchemist 's switched up their game significantly since the 70s-jukebox R & B/funk break approach they deployed with brutal efficiency on Return of the Mac : he 's been on their psych-prog thing for a while now , leaning effectively on pitched-up , complex guitar noodling and lo-fi loops where Hammonds and Moogs hit as hard as kick drums . Hearing one of the giants of NYC hardcore hip-hop spill classic knuckle-to-the-eyesocket rhymes over the same dopamine-jolting hashbar beats that made Russian Roulette , Covert Coup and Gangrene albums so blown-out and grainy ? Why the hell not ?
In that sense , Albert Einstein is so casually visceral and immediately gettable that it feels like a recent high point for both of them . Lyrically , Prodigy 's delivery is enough to make the constant pile-on of relentless violence blur into something more lifelike and experience-driven than empty threats . He 's a cinematographer , letting the scene speak for itself , and even when they get cute with a punchline -- “ I peddle dope longer than Lance Armstrong ” ( “ Curb Ya Dog ” ) or “ Ca n't come around no more , your mouth runnin'/ Sprints through New York like that marathon Puff did ” ( “ Bear Meat ” ) -- it all ties in with the bigger picture of a callous , calculating scrapper with a grim wise-ass streak . “ Bible Paper ” 's first verse invokes Breaking Bad body-removal tactics and reduces an adversary to a “ gooey mess ” and “ special sauce. ” And the insomnia-fueled `` Confessions ” relays an insomnia-fueled hit on a hotboxing couple with the kind of detail that haunts ( “ I saw their radio lights through the rear tint ” ; “ Now there 's weed smoke pouring out the bullet hole glass ” ) . The appearance of similar-minded guest MCs pays off , too ; they stand up well paired with excellent verses by Roc Marciano ( “ Death Sentence ” ) and Action Bronson ( “ The One ” ) , but in ways that feel more complementary than competitive , like old friends and respected peers shooting the shit .
As strongly as their best lyrics can stand on their own , and as good as he 's capable of sounding on even the most familiar breaks , Prodigy 's vision really gets pulled into vivid life when the beats are especially tense . And while Alchemist 's productions have their own foreboding inner life , an MC who can credibly double-up that haunted-house mood makes that production just that much filthier . Practically nothing on the album feels strained , and even less seems compromised . When subject matter and production click the most graphically -- the weathered resilience of the grown-man badass on the daggers-of-sleet piano trudge “ Stay Dope ” ; a remorseless Class of 95 reunion where Havoc and Raekwon cut through with molasses-bassline dread and nail-biting disco/funk chase-sequence breaks on “ R.I.P. ” ; metal-caliber threats of Old Testament bodily harm set to the tune of downpitched , shapeshifting Eastern Bloc space rock on “ Bible Paper ” -- there 's a real tactile feeling to it . It 's like if the uniquely weathered , evocatively musty sensations of long-shelved , resin-stained gatefold LPs and dusty , cracked-spine pulp crime paperbacks were fused and synthesized into music .
State Dept . Enlists Hollywood And Its Friends To Start A Fake Twitter Fight Over Intellectual Property
from the um , -guys ? dept
For all the talk of `` fake news '' going around these days , you 'd think that the federal government would avoid creating more of its own on purpose . And you 'd think that the MPAA and RIAA would know better than to join in on such a project . However , the following email was sent to some folks at Stanford Law School asking the law school to join in this fake news project promoting intellectual property via a fake Twitter feud :
Good Morning ! My name is H -- -- -- , and I am reaching out to you from the State Department 's Bureau of Economic Affairs . I gave you call a little earlier this morning , but I thought I would follow up with an email as well . Currently , I am working on a social media project with the Office of Intellectual Property Enforcement . This summer , we want to activate an audience of young professionals- the kind of folks who are interested in foreign policy , but who are n't aware that intellectual property protection touches every part of their lives . I think the law school students at your institution may be the type of community that we would like to engage . Additionally , we know that your law school is ranked among the top schools in Intellectual Property law , and thus our campaign may not only be fun , but relevant for you all as well . So a little bit of a recap from the message that I left you this morning . The Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs wants to start a fake Twitter feud . For this feud , we would like to invite you and other similar academic institutions to participate and throw in your own ideas ! The week after the 4th of July , when everyone gets back from vacation but will still feel patriotic and summery , we want to tweet an audacious statement like , “ Bet you could n't see the Independence Day fireworks without bifocals ; first American diplomat Ben Franklin invented them # bestIPmoment @ StateDept ” Our public diplomacy office is still settling on a hashtag and a specific moment that will be unique to the State Department , but then we invite you to respond with your own # MostAmericanIP , or # BestIPMoment . Perhaps it will an alumnus defending intellectual property in the courts or an article that your institution has produced regarding this topic . Some characters from the IP community here in DC have agreed to participate with their own tweets : US Patent and Trademark Office , the Copyright Alliance , the Motion Picture Association of America , the Copyright Office , and the Recording Industry Association of America . We hope to diversify this crowd with academic institutions , sports affiliations , trade associations , and others ! Please give me a call or email me with any questions , comments , or concerns . I look forward to hearing from you soon ! Sincerely ,
H -- -- -- --
Official
UNCLASSIFIED
So , let 's break this down . This is literally the State Department , working with the IP Enforcement Coordinator ( normally called the `` IP Czar '' ) to team up with the MPAA , RIAA and Copyright Alliance ( a front group for the RIAA and MPAA ) , along with the Patent & Trademark Office and the Copyright Office to create a fake Twitter feud over who likes copyright and patents more .
Everything about this is crazy . First , the State Dept . should not be creating fake news or fake Twitter feuds . Second , even if it were to do so , it seems to have picked one side of the debate , arguing that greater copyright and patent enforcement is obviously a good thing ( how far we 've come from the time when it was the State Department that fought back against SOPA and told the White House not to support it ) .
Separate from that , why are the MPAA , the RIAA and the Copyright Alliance agreeing to team up with the US government to create fake stories ? That seems ... really , really wrong . I get that they are obsessed with always pushing a misleading and one-sided message on copyright law , but creating out and out propaganda with the US government ?
Also , even if the geniuses at IPEC -- an office that was set up in 2008 under another anti-piracy copyright law -- falsely believe it 's their job to push Hollywood 's message out to the world , how could they possibly have thought it was a bright idea to engage in outright propaganda using Twitter ... and to try to enlist law school professors and students in these shenanigans ?
I 've put out a request for comment from the State Department 's Bureau of Economic Affairs , and will update this post if I hear back .
Filed Under : # bestipmoment , bestipmoment , bureau of economic affairs , copyright , copyright office , fake news , fake twitter feud , ip czar , ipec , patents , state department , uspto
Companies : copyright alliance , mpaa , riaa
More Detroit Public Schools are closed today because of teacher sick-outs . ( Photo : Ryan McVay ) Story Highlights State Sen. Goeff Hansen , R-Hart , said two bills to help DPS will be introduced Thursday .
Coalition was formed in 2014 to advocate reforms to Detroit 's education system .
Today 's closures are latest in series of protests of what teachers say are unsafe working conditions .
District says it 's doing the best it can to maintain the buildings despite budget problems .
The city will launch inspections of all Detroit public schools after Mayor Mike Duggan visited four schools earlier this week following mass sick-outs by teachers protesting conditions .
`` This effort is n't about blaming anybody , '' Duggan said in a statement this evening “ It 's about making sure that every child and every teacher in Detroit goes to school in a safe and healthy environment . We 've been assured by Emergency Manager ( Darnell ) Earley that DPS will respond promptly to correct any deficiencies found in these inspections and we look forward to working with the district to resolve these problems . ”
The city expects to finish inspections by the end of this month of 20 buildings in Detroit Public Schools considered to be the most problematic . Inspections of all 97 school buildings in the district will be completed by the end of April , the mayor 's office said . Charter schools also will be inspected .
The city said problems with mold , heating and cooling and other issues can be reported on the city 's website www.detroitmi.gov
The announcement came on the same day that a group of community leaders created to help reform Detroit schools blasted Gov . Rick Snyder and the state Legislature today for months of inaction on a growing crisis in DPS .
`` Everybody knows things are bad , and getting worse , '' said the Rev . Wendell Anthony , president of the Detroit branch of the NAACP . `` Where is the governor ? Where is Lansing ? When will the schoolchildren of Detroit get the help they so desperately need ? ”
State Sen. Goeff Hansen , R-Hart , told the Free Press that two bills to address DPS 's problems would be introduced in the legislature Thursday . They said resolving the district 's debt problems would be a priority because `` it 's an emergency situation . ''
Teacher sick-outs have forced the closure of dozens of Detroit schools this week as teachers have used the protests to draw attention to issues such as overcrowded classrooms and what they say are dangerous conditions in schools .
Walbridge CEO John Rakolta Jr. , said the state is liable for DPS 's debt and that if legislators fail to address it , the district will soon go broke .
`` They can do nothing , and what will happen is the state will run out of money to pay teachers in April or May , '' Rakolta said on a conference call today . `` What is left is bankruptcy . It will be catastrophic for the state . ''
Anthony and Rakolta are part of the Coalition for the Future of Detroit Schoolchildren , which formed in 2014 . It includes community members from education , business , faith and philanthropic organizations . The coalition releaseda report called Choice Is Ours in March 2015 , offering proposals to improve conditions . Rakolta said that Snyder has adopted 85 % of the coalition 's recommendations , but that the Legislature has n't introduced any bills yet .
“ The governor recognizes the urgency of the situation , and has kept attention on this work for much of the last year , '' said Snyder spokesperson Ann Heaton . `` He released a plan to address the challenges in Detroit Public Schools last spring and has been working diligently with legislative partners ever since to resolve the difficulties facing Detroit 's families while at the same time addressing the debt issue proactively . ”
The plea for action from the coalition came as five schools remained closed today . The sick-outs are the latest in a series of such closures that have canceled classes at 78 of DPS 's 97 schools in recent days .
The schools closed today were Durfee Elementary-Middle School , Keidan Special Education Center , Mason Academy , Ronald Brown Academy and Schulze Academy for Technology and Arts .
Angela Reyes , executive director of the Detroit Hispanic Development Corporation and a coalition cochair , said they understand why teachers are protesting .
`` I think we can all agree these are not normal times , and desperate times sometimes call for desperate measures , '' they said . `` I think the teachers see themselves as advocates for the children . ''
Another coalition cochair , Tonya Allen of the Skillman Foundation , said they worry that the sick-outs could antagonize wavering legislators , but they understand the teachers ' frustration .
`` None of us condone absenteeism of teachers in the classrooms , but the real issue is the absenteeism in Lansing , '' Allen said .
Some parents welcomed the statements from the coalition and sided with teachers .
`` As far as the sick-outs , I support them 100 % , '' said Jeffrey Gisstennar , president of a parents group at Renaissance High School , which their son attends . `` Anything that can draw attention . ''
Gisstennar said their son went without an English teacher for a whole quarter and now has no French teacher . They said they attended a gathering last year when the coalition made its recommendations , but they have n't seen any changes .
`` Nothing has happened , but the debt continues to rise , '' they said . `` Their excuse is always 'We 're in all this debt and we ca n't afford to pay our teachers . ' ``
At a rally Monday , teachers displayed poster-sized photographs of broken windows , mold and other safety hazards . Teachers also have faced repeated cuts to their pay and health care benefits as well as growing class sizes that they say make teaching increasingly difficult .
Earley said Tuesday that the district is doing the best it can to maintain the buildings . Duggan toured some schools Tuesday , calling them a `` mixed bag , '' with some in good shape and others that `` break your heart . ''
Michigan law prohibits teacher strikes and includes punishments of up to $ 5,000 a day for teachers found to have conducted an illegal strike . But before those penalties can be imposed , the district must file a formal complaint with the Michigan Employment Relations Commission . No formal complaint has been filed so far .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/1RlnMTD
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Erdoğan accuses Israel of atrocities in Gaza
Turkey 's Prime Minister , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , is returning an award they received in 2004 from the American Jewish Congress , which has accused them of `` dangerous rhetoric '' against Israel .
Last week the New York-based lobby group said Mr Erdoğan was `` inciting the Turkish population to violence against the Jewish people '' .
It asked them to hand back the award , granted for Middle East peace efforts .
Turkey 's ambassador to the US said Mr Erdoğan would be `` glad '' to do so .
Ambassador Serdar Kilic said Mr Erdoğan should not be expected to turn a blind eye to Israel 's actions in Gaza and the West Bank .
`` Attempts to depict Prime Minister Erdoğan 's legitimate criticisms of the Israeli government 's attacks on civilians as expressions of anti-Semitism are an obvious distortion and an effort to cover up the historical wrongdoings of the Israeli government , '' Mr Kilic said in a letter quoted by the Turkish news website Hurriyet .
Mr Erdoğan is campaigning to be elected president next month and has sharply criticised Israel 's military offensive against Palestinian Hamas militants in Gaza , where more than 1,100 people have died , most of them civilians .
Last weekend , the International Atomic Energy Agency published one of its regular reports on the status of the Iranian nuclear program . This report was particularly important because it was coming out right before this week 's critical meetings in Geneva between Iran and the P5+1 , where it would be decided whether sanctions against Iran would be reduced in exchange for concessions on the Iranian nuclear program . Many experts wanted to know if the Iranians slowed down their program in any way as a good will gesture prior to the Geneva meeting .
But the real story was not only what the IAEA said , but also the popular reaction to its report in much of the international press . The Los Angeles Times ran a headline “ Iran 's nuclear program has slowed almost to a halt , IAEA says. ” The Washington Post was more careful in its headline , but its report by Joby Warrick still led with a sweeping generalization that “ Iran appears to have dramatically slowed work on its atomic energy program since the summer. ” Even the normally conservative Wall Street Journal followed the rest of the journalistic pack with a headline that said : “ U.N . says Iran has virtually frozen nuclear program in last few months . ”
So what did the IAEA really think about what Iran was doing ? Two days before its report was made public Yukio Amano , the director-general of the IAEA , gave an interview to the Reuters news agency , which served as a kind of curtain-raiser for their agency 's upcoming report . Looking at the previous three months coinciding with the period in which Hasan Rouhani came to power , Amano did not sound like the Western media . They simply stated : “ I can say that enrichment activities are ongoing … no radical change is reported to me. ” For the most part , the press ignored Amano , perhaps not wanting anything to break the momentum toward reaching an agreement in Geneva this week .
But Amano was right . Indeed , if the IAEA report is examined its becomes immediately evident why Amano was so careful in their assessment and did not join the cheering gallery with the Western press . According to its summary of the main developments of the last three months , the rates of production of low-enriched uranium , that is uranium enriched up to the 5 per cent level , remained “ similar to that indicated in the previous report ” which the IAEA published in August . Looking at the rates of production of uranium enriched up to the 20 per cent level , the IAEA concluded that it remained “ similar to those indicated in the previous report . ”
So how did so much of the international press get it so wrong and reach the conclusion that Iran had “ slowed down ” or “ frozen ” its nuclear program ? These media reports ignored Iran continuing enrichment activities . Instead they focused on the question of whether the Iranians were installing more centrifuges at their Natanz and Fordo facilities , especially the advanced IR-2m centrifuges that operate five times faster than the older IR-1 centrifuges , which they have used since 2007 .
True , Iran did not install any new advanced centrifuges in the last three months , but that did not mean they had frozen their program . Since January , they have installed over a thousand of these new centrifuges , but they have not begun operating them . In the past , even during the presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , after the Iranians increased sharply the number of centrifuges , they would let their growth level off for a few years while the new centrifuges were being brought online . No one interpreted this behavior in the past as indicating that Iran was slowing down its nuclear program .
Moreover , most newspaper reports covering the Iranian nuclear program have missed a key point made in the IAEA 's latest report . It states that “ preparatory installation work ” has been completed for another 12 IR-2m cascades at Natanz . Since 2011 , Iran has been installing these centrifuges in what experts call “ cascades ” of 164 centrifuges . That means that Iran is laying the groundwork for nearly another 2,000 advanced centrifuges , on top of the thousand centrifuges they have added during 2013 .
Not only has Iran been enriching more uranium , it has also been quietly working on the next big expansion of its Natanz facility . On top of this the numbers of the older IR-1 centrifuges have also grown in recent years . In August 2011 , the Iranians had installed roughly 8,000 centrifuges in total ; but by November 2013 the IAEA was reporting that Iran had a total of more than 18,000 centrifuges in both of its enrichment facilities .
These latest developments change the whole calculus of any future agreement in Geneva . International commentators on the Iran nuclear negotiations have been tirelessly repeating that any future agreement must deal with Iran 's stockpile of 20 percent uranium while conceding to Iran that it can continue to enrich to 3.5 percent . The distinction was based on the assumption that if Iran wanted to make the last sprint to weapons-grade uranium , in what experts call “ nuclear breakout , ” it would use its stock of 20 per cent enriched uranium .
But a sharp quantitative increase in the number of Iranian centrifuges , or alternatively the introduction of qualitatively superior fast centrifuges , totally changes this scenario . Gary Samore , who served on the U.S. National Security Council during President Barack Obama 's first term , has in fact recently warned that all Iran has to do is massively increase its number of its older IR-1 centrifuges and it can pose a new threat to the West : “ Ending production of 20-percent-enriched uranium is not sufficient to prevent breakout because Iran can produce nuclear weapons using low-enriched uranium and a large number of centrifuge machines. ” The installation of fast centrifuges , like the IR-2m , makes this even more of a challenge for the West .
Given Iran 's new technical achievements , it becomes clear why Tehran is now so determined to get its “ right of enrichment ” recognized in any agreement that emerges in Geneva . For the Iranians have positioned themselves to get nuclear weapons from any level of enrichment that they are allowed . Of course there is no “ right of enrichment ” according to the 1968 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , which only speaks about “ the inalienable right of all the parties to the Treaty to develop research , production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes . ”
Past IAEA reports have noted that Iran is developing warheads that are to be fitted on its Shahab 3 missiles , that can strike Israel . Iran can not argue that its uranium enrichment work is for peaceful purposes , in accordance with the NPT , and at the same time develop nuclear warheads for its ballistic missiles , in violation of the NPT . In short , Iran can not claim a legal right based on a treaty that it has systematically breached so flagrantly .
It is often forgotten that , starting in 2006 , the U.N. Security Council passed six resolutions prohibiting Iran from engaging in any enrichment . These resolutions were specifically adopted under Chapter 7 of the U.N. Charter and are legally binding under international law , adding further legal force to the argument that Iran has no legal right whatsoever to enrich uranium .
Thus for the West to acknowledge any Iranian claim to a right of enrichment is completely unnecessary and unwarranted . Given the technical developments in the Iranian nuclear program , such a concession would also be dangerous , for allowing enrichment at any level will make it extremely difficult for the West to be certain that Iran will not proceed to a nuclear weapon in the months ahead .
This article was originally published by Israel Hayom .
Plastics are everywhere . Once they get into the environment as trash , they stay there for years , decades , or even centuries . That 's because most plastic is chemically inert and immune to the enzymatic processes involved in biodegradation . We 've tried to curtail plastic pollution through recycling and by creating plastics that are biodegradable or compostable . But what about all the plastic litter that 's already out there and could persist long after our grandchildren are gone ?
Life may be coming to our aid . A team of scientists in Japan , led by Shosuke Yoshida of Kyoto University , has recently discovered a species of bacteria that can degrade a plastic called PET .
Identifying microbes that degrade PET
PET stands for polyethylene terephthalate , a plastic with good mechanical , barrier , and optical properties . Bottles for water and soft drinks are just a couple of PET 's many , many uses . PET is a polyester compound with a high aromatic content , which makes it chemically inert . As a result , it is typically considered resistant to microbial degradation , although certain fungi grow on a mineral medium containing PET . Roughly 56 million tons of PET are produced each year , and a lot of that ends up in the environment .
To see whether organisms other than a few fungi can manage to digest this plastic , Dr. Yoshida and their team screened 250 PET debris-contaminated environmental samples . These samples originated in everything from sediment to wastewater . The scientists looked for microorganisms that could use low-crystallinity ( 1.9 percent ) PET film as a major carbon source for growth .
The team identified a distinct microbial consortium that , once cultured , was able to grow on PET . The PET film surface degraded at a rate of 0.13mg per square centimeter each day at 30°C . Under similar conditions , the organisms turned 75 percent of the carbon it obtained from the PET into CO 2 .
In order to identify the particular organism that was using PET as a carbon source , the scientists diluted the microbial consortium before growing it on PET . The team isolated a novel bacterial species of the genus Ideonella , which they gave the catchy name Ideonella sakaiensis 201-F6 . When they discovered a subconsortium that lost the ability to degrade PET , further analysis revealed it lacked I. sakaiensis .
Using the newly identified bacteria , the team almost completely degraded a PET film in just six weeks .
Identifying the enzymes that break down PET
Currently , there are few known enzymes capable of breaking down PET through a chemical process known as hydrolysis . In order to determine what enzymes I. sakaiensis uses , the scientists sequenced its genome . They identified one gene , ISF6_4831 that encodes a protein that shares half of its amino acids with another enzyme that hydrolyzes PET . The area of similarity includes the parts of the enzyme that are used for catalytic activity .
The scientists purified the recombinant protein from I. sakaiensis and incubated it with a PET film at 30°C for 18 hours . The incubation resulted in pitting at the film surface , which is a good indication of degradation . They also performed chemical analysis of the surface , which revealed the presence of certain chemicals including mono ( 2-hydroxyethyl ) terephthalic acid , which is an intermediate for PET hydrolysis .
Using the DNA sequence of the enzyme ISF6_4831 , the team built a phylogenetic tree based on enzymes that are known to degrade PET . Using this tree , they identified three other enzymes that they hypothesized could catalyze PET hydrolysis . They then tested their ability to hydrolyze several polymers .
Compared to the three other enzymes , ISF6_4831 had a high preference for PET vs. other polymers with aliphatic esters . As a result , the team called this enzyme “ PETase. ” They assessed the ability of the PETase to break down the PET found in a typical soda bottle , which has higher crystallinity than their original PET samples . Again , it was more active than other enzymes .
While the PETase could break open the PET polymer , it did n't take the polymer all the way to its original starting components , so the team wanted to know whether another enzyme was responsible . Through further gene analysis , the scientists discovered the enzyme ISF6_0224 , which has a protein sequence matching those of another enzyme family that is known to hydrolyze the ester linkage of aromatic compounds .
The team purified recombinant ISF6_0224 and found that it was able to efficiently hydrolyze mono ( 2-hydroxyethyl ) terephthalic acid . But when tested against PET , ISF6_0224 did not show any hydrolytic activity . The results strongly suggest that ISF6_0224 protein is responsible for the conversion of mono ( 2-hydroxyethyl ) terephthalic acid ( MEHT ) into PET 's two environmentally benign monomers , terephthalic acid and ethylene glycol . As such , the team decided that ISF6_0224 should be termed a MEHT hydrolase abbreviated to MEHTase .
This investigation has opened the possibility for a viable remediation strategy for PET . Through further research and development , we could have bacteria that efficiently clean up PET waste .
Science , 2016 . DOI : 10.1126/science.aad6359 ( About DOIs ) .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
CYNICISM killing People 's Party
George Osborne set a blatant trap for Labour with their latest welfare Bill and the punch drunk party walked right into it .
Still reeling from their general election drubbing , they allowed the devious Chancellor to goad them into abstaining on measures that will hammer the poor .
The thinking is the Tories won in marginal seats in England because Labour lost their credibility on the economy . Acting leader Harriet Harman is desperate to avoid Osborne characterising them as “ soft on scroungers ” .
So once again Labour supporters in Scotland find themselves skewered by political decisions made on the basis of English priorities . There is one winner in that scenario – the SNP .
But is Harman right that abstaining on this despicable Bill will help the party in England ?
It 's hard to see how any floating voter will really have been impressed by these shambles of infighting and indecision .
Meanwhile , those on the left across the UK are horrified that the party of Keir Hardie appears to be backing measures that will drive hundreds of thousands of children into poverty .
Turning Labour into a party of government will require compromise . A pragmatic Labour Government will always be preferable to an ideologically pure Labour opposition .
But imagine being a local MP sent out on the doorstep to defend this welfare vote to a harassed single mum .
“ Yes , I know your benefits are being slashed and we could n't bring ourselves to vote against it but at least we put up a reasoned amendment and plan to complain about it in committee . ”
It just is n't good enough .
The cynical calculation is that the single mum in London will vote Labour anyway because they do n't have any other choice .
That 's no longer the case for the single mum in Scotland . That is the reality the Scottish Labour Party must grasp if they hope to ever be a party of Government again .
Ground the louts
There must be something in the air . Aggressive , drunken louts seem to be everywhere on flights .
A week hardly goes by without more footage of idiots ruining family holidays on the way from Scotland to sunny destinations .
The latest example saw unruly passengers cause chaos on the way to Turkey .
That 's why Phil Ward is right to take a hard line . Their Jet2 company banned the two men and one woman but were dismayed they were able to book return tickets through another carrier .
Pubs often co-operate to ban customers , so why is n't a similar scheme operating in airlines ?
Ward 's plan would see a blacklist , which all carriers would be able to access . The hope is it would act as a deterrent .
It is a long walk back from Turkey .
Paws off , Soames
RUPERT Soames owns a vast chunk of Scotland – but they have nothing in common with its people .
Yet as Serco boss he 'll be at the helm if the firm are allowed to take control of our remaining state-run ferry services .
We doubt the millionaire toff knows , or cares for , the daily needs of islanders – never mind the Calmac workers who serve them .
Another reason why the Scottish Government should keep Soames ' pudgy paws off a vital lifeline .
No matter how many times Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz refutes claims they cheated on their wife , Heidi , the National Enquirer seems determined to prove the White House candidate is a philanderer . The Texas senator , however , has vehemently denied the allegations , saying that is been “ garbage ” fabricated by Republican front-runner Donald Trump 's campaign .
When Deborah Palfrey , a Washington , D.C. , madam , mysteriously died , they supposedly left behind a “ black book ” that implicates Cruz , according to National Enquirer . There are 15,000 clients named in the book , and Cruz is apparently one of them , according to the publication . The madam 's clients would pay $ 300 per hour for time with one of their women .
Palfrey 's lawyer , Montgomery Blair Sibley , wants to release the names and numbers in the book because the information is important for “ voters [ to know ] before they cast their ballot . ”
“ If Montgomery Sibley has what they say they have , it has to be Cruz , ” investigator Wayne Madsen told National Enquirer , according to Radar Online , which obtained an advanced copy of the report Monday . “ Going on what I know about the other male candidates still in the race , it is n't any of them , and Palfrey did n't provide call boys , so it was n't Hillary [ Clinton ] . ”
On the same day of Radar Online 's aggregated story , Cruz told Fox News 's Megyn Kelly at a town hall meeting in Madison , Wisconsin , they were never unfaithful to Heidi . `` I have not . That attack was complete and utter garbage . It was complete lies . And it came from Donald Trump and their henchmen , ” Cruz said . `` Those reports , they 're not a little bit true , not slightly true .
`` It 's completely made-up nonsense , ” Cruz , 45 , continued . “ It 's simply not true . I have always been faithful to my wife . I love my wife . She 's my best friend in the world . This is the kind of garbage the Trump campaign engages in . You know why ? Because they ca n't debate substance . ”
Trump , 69 , has denied any involvement with National Enquirer 's cheating allegations .
Follow me on Twitter @ mariamzzarella
The Union of Palestinian Women 's Committees in Nablus marked International Women 's Day , March 8 , with a women 's campaign for the boycott of Israeli goods to be conducted on a house-to-house basis , launched with a rally and march from Martyrs ' Square .
The event included various women 's organizations and representatives of Palestinian political organizations . Esmat Shakhshir spoke about the importance of the mass movement in supporting the Palestinian economy and boycotting the enemy 's products , as a form of resistance on the ground . This year , they noted , International Women 's Day comes alongside the Israeli Apartheid Week marked annually by boycott , divestment and sanctions campaign to boycott the occupation . They emphasized the importance of boycotting the occupation state as a whole and not just the products of the Zionist settlements .
The campaign will include visits by women 's groups to homes to discuss the importance of the boycott of Israeli goods , as well as in schools , universities and shops .
After a recent scare and temporary closing , The Get Down is back up and running , alive and well . The club occupies the former Cowboy 's Night Life building on Haywood Road , and in its inaugural year , tied for Best Dive Bar in the Xpress readers ' poll .
Its owners have made some changes to their corporate structure ( the three owners were in a public dispute on Facebook , with competing pages for the supporters of each ) , and have also been dealing with a series of noise complaints . As a result , they 've moved the stage to the back room . “ The new stage is wider and the sound is much better , ” says Mikki Fox , one of the owners , “ plus we are trying really hard to address noise issues some in the neighborhood have had . I think moving the speakers to this part of the building will go a long way with that . ”
They are adding some amusements like pinball machines , and looking into a replacement pool table .
Last month , the Get Down was the subject of a noise board hearing at the same time they were having corporate issues . “ It was a tough time , but we are determined to get past all that , ” said Fox . “ We really want people to feel comfortable here and be a part of the neighborhood . ”
Want to help out the local venue , known for bringing in a mix of cutting-edge bands across all genres ? There 's a benefit on Dec. 10 , featuring local punk bands Just Die ! ( another Best of WNC winner ) , Drunk in a Dumpster and The Budget . More details at the Facebook event page .
ENGLISH billionaire Marwan Koukash is ready to buy the Titans as the Salford City saviour ramps up plans to achieve their dream of owning a club in the NRL .
The Sunday Mail can reveal Koukash has hired a consortium of Australian-based business colleagues to perform due diligence on taking a majority stake in the Titans .
Two NRL-controlled clubs will square off at Cbus Super Stadium when the Titans host the Knights , who were rescued by the governing body following Nathan Tinkler 's ownership crisis last season .
The NRL is determined to stabilise the Titans before considering private investment , but for the first time Koukash has confirmed they are waiting in the wings to buy the Coast 's licence .
BIG DEAL : DCE 's secret car yard coup
LESSONS : Mortimer sees future as Titans ' No.6
The 56-year-old is one of the UK 's great self-made success stories , an eccentric Palestinian refugee who is one of world sport 's richest men with an estimated wealth of $ 3 billion .
Speaking from the UK , where they are currently hosting Australian coach Tim Sheens , a consultant to Salford City , Koukash outlined their plan to bankroll a Titans revival .
As part of their investment proposal , Koukash would make the Titans a cutting-edge club , staging matches in Dubai and Las Vegas to give the Coast a global footprint .
“ You can say I have stepped things up — I have decided investing in an NRL club such as the Titans is the right way , ” they said .
“ We 'll see what develops over the next few months , but I have asked some people in Australia to look into for me .
“ I wo n't say how much money I am prepared to spend , I will disclose that to the NRL .
“ But I am serious and this opportunity ( to buy the Titans ) works for me because I would only ever look at a club if I had the majority share .
“ If the NRL and the Titans are looking for a majority shareholder , that will suit me just fine . ”
Koukash , the biggest owner of racehorses in Britain , held talks last year with property tycoon Phil Murphy about buying out their 22 per cent shareholding in the Broncos .
The pair had dialogue for three months , but Koukash 's interest dwindled when it became apparent the Broncos ' majority owner , News Limited , publisher of The Sunday Mail , would not sell its 68pc share .
media_camera Koukash at the Melbourne Cup in 2013 .
Now Koukash has their heart set on the Titans . Ideally , they will purchase the club within 12 months and says the NRL 's decision to reclaim the Titans ' licence last month has given them certainty over the Coast 's future .
Koukash previously called for the Titans to be moved to Brisbane , but says they would keep the club on the Coast while making strategic decisions about the location of nominated home games .
“ The NRL taking over has given me more confidence in the Titans , ” they said . “ I would love to be involved in the NRL , I am desperate to be involved in it , but I need to be as right for the club as the club needs to be right for me .
“ I can appreciate the NRL wants to fix the Titans , but once they are ready to hand over the licence , I will express my interest in buying them .
“ The NRL 's strategy is to keep the Titans on the Gold Coast , which is fine . I would play the majority of games on the Gold Coast but take a couple of games on the road to help the club financially .
“ The stadium deal ( at Robina ) is expensive and that would need to be looked at .
“ We could play the Warriors , for example , in New Zealand and I would consider playing either an exhibition or premiership game in places like Dubai and Las Vegas .
“ The Titans need to grow their brand and rugby league needs exposure outside current geographical areas .
“ I am genuinely in buying a majority share and if the NRL wants to talk , I will talk to them . ”
Titans co-owner Darryl Kelly , who pumped $ 5 million into the former entity , is currently in talks with the NRL , but has no interest in a majority share . They welcomed additional investment .
“ I hope there are some other investors out there , ” Kelly said .
“ I 'm in talks with the NRL and I have a figure in mind . We still have some work to do , hopefully someone else will come on board eventually . ”
An NRL spokesperson indicated the governing body would not stand in the way of Koukash when they are ready to offload the Titans licence .
“ The NRL 's first priority is to stabilise the Titans and rebuild the club so it has a secure financial future , ” they said .
“ At an appropriate time , the NRL will welcome approaches from private investors interested in taking over the running of the club . ”
Top News - Investor Idea
Charging Ahead with # EV Growth Beyond Cars ; # Lithium-ion Batteries will Continue to Dominate ; ( NASDAQ : $ TSLA ) ( NYSE : $ ALB ) ( CSE : $ TOP.C ) ( OTCQB : $ ENRT ) ( NYSE : $ SU )
Point Roberts , WA and Delta , BC - February 26 , 2019 ( Investorideas.com Newswire ) Investorideas.com , a global investor news source covering lithium and cleantech stocks issues a snapshot looking at how the EV market is on an exponential growth curve , fuelled by both policy and consumer demand .
Top Energy News - Investor Idea
# OilandGas Stock News ; Foothills Exploration ( OTCQB : $ FTXP ) @ Foothills_FTXP Announces Formation Of Advisory Board And Appointment Of Daniel Kunz As Inaugural Member
LOS ANGELES - February 26 , 2019 ( Investorideas.com Newswire ) Foothills Exploration , Inc. ( OTC.QB : FTXP ) ( the `` Company , '' or `` Foothills '' ) , an independent oil and gas exploration company engaged in the acquisition and development of natural gas and oil properties in the Rockies today announced the formation of an independent Board of Advisors ( `` Advisory Board '' ) and the appointment of Daniel Kunz as its inaugural member .
Top Mining News - Investor Idea
# Mining Stock News : # SilverCrest ( TSXV : $ SIL.V ; NYSE : $ SILV ) Announces More High-Grade In-Fill & Expansion Drill Results
Vancouver , British Columbia - February 25 , 2019 ( Investorideas.com Newswire ) SilverCrest Metals Inc. ( TSXV : SIL.V ; NYSE American : SILV ) ( `` SilverCrest '' or the `` Company '' ) SilverCrest Metals Inc. ( TSXV : SIL ) ( NYSE American : SILV ) ( `` SilverCrest '' or the `` Company '' ) is pleased to report further Phase III drill results for the Las Chispas Property ( the `` Property '' ) located in Sonora , Mexico .
Top Security News - Investor Idea
# Security Stock News : Patriot One ( TSX.V : $ PAT.V ) ( OTCQX : $ PTOTF ) @ patriot1tech Ranks Number 2 in Tech Sector on 2019 # TSXVenture 50
TORONTO , ON - February 21 , 2019 ( Investorideas.com Newswire ) Patriot One technology Inc. , ( TSX.V : PAT ) ( OTCQB : PTOTF ) ( FRANKFURT : 0PL ) ( `` Patriot One '' or the `` Company '' ) , is pleased to announce it has ranked 2nd best performing technology stock on the 2019 TSX-Venture 50 for its 2018 performance .
Top Blockchain News - Investor Idea
# Blockchain Stocks Trending Again Thanks to # JPMCoin ; ( CSE : $ LLT.C ) ( OTC : $ LLNKF ) ( TSXV : $ HIVE.V ) ( OTCQX : $ HVBTF ) ( TSXV : $ GLXY.V ) ( NASDAQ : $ RIOT )
Point Roberts , WA and Delta , BC - February 21 , 2019 ( Investorideas.com Newswire ) Investorideas.com , a global investor news source covering blockchain and cryptocurrency issues a special edition of the Crypto Corner looking at the recent run in cryptocurrencies and blockchain stocks following recent news of the JPM Coin .
Publish News on Investor Ideas Newswire ,
Social Media & News Blast
Investorideas.com Newswire
Subscribe to Investor Ideas Newswire
Featured Video
# Mining Spotlight : Interview with CEO of SilverCrest Metals TSXV : SIL : 2019 Better Year for # Silver The Ai Eye - what 's new in Artificial Intelligence and Robotics at # CES2019
Globenewswire.com/West - Business and Financial News from Globenewswire.com
Well , we did .
fundamentally believed
honor
and the power
ENRAGED
How dare I suggest they take money from the `` gun lobby ? ''
I note that Dart is offering $ 350 `` travel and expense '' stipends to 15 select journalists . Guess where that $ 350 comes from ? I 've seen a lot of buzz on the Internet that basically asks why the firearms industry is n't running exactly the same program.Years ago , working with NSSF President Doug Painter , Doug and I created the Media Education Program . The Program was tweaked by Bill Brassard , who is still with NSSF , and Paul Erhardt , now with their own media company that works with IDPA , Apex Tactical and others . In the 6-year span of the NSSF Media Education Program our focus was to put guns in the hands of the journalists and teach them to shoot.I was privileged to oversee a cadre of instructors that has never been equalled , including Jerry Miculek , Kay Clark , Randi Rogers , `` Evil Roy , '' Bruce Gray , Todd Jarrett , Chris Edwards from GSSF , Walt Rauch from IDPA , Dave Thomas from USPSA , Lisa Munson , Dave Arnold , Dave Lauck , Olympic athletes , top law enforcement trainers like Bill Murphy , top military trainers , etc.In working with my instructors beforehand , I emphasized that they were to answer any and every question as honestly and thoroughly as possible , because we allin the correctness and , for lack of a better word , theof our cause . Whenever possible , we wanted to . In my other conversations with media experts on our side , I steadfastly held to our position ofproselytizing the Second Amendment…my feeling ( ) was that our students would arrive in the same placethe training . That is , we arranged the cart and the horse in their proper configuration.We structured the Program on the writings of Malcolm Gladwell , which were revolutionary at the time . The situation we found was that most journalists ( ) unconditionally accept every word from the antigun side as gospel truth handed down on a marble tablet . Our primary concept as articulated by myself and Erhardt was that we were n't trying to `` convert '' the journalists to our side ; rather , we thought of ourselves like a defense attorney in a capital case ... we were n't trying to `` convert '' the jurors to our side of the story ; rather we wanted to create a small shadow of doubt that every word coming from our enemies was true . If we could plant that doubt , we had succeeded.We were also not afraid to reach out to there who shared our views . I brought trainers from the Pink Pistols , the largest gay self-defense group , on board . And yes , I took a lot of crap —— for it . But it was the right thing to do . My absolute statement was that people who shoot , hunt , compete with firearms , carry guns for self-defense ... they are our friends ! Deeds , not words.The Media Education Program was the most successful media outreach ever attempted by the gun culture . At the beginning of the Program , Sarah Brady had bragged that with one phone call in the morning they could be on all 3 national networks ( ) by that evening ; the Program broke Brady 's stranglehold on the news without directly attacking the antigun `` spinners . '' We made unprecedented inroads into the antigun media ... and it drove our enemies . I even got an email from a prominent antigun activist who had , ironically , come up through magazine journalism much as I had . Their email read , `` Who ARE you ? '' My answer , equally cryptic , was , `` I am you . `` The Program was expanded into Hollywood with the now semi-legendary stunt , property master , armorer and action/second unit director events , addressing the antigun biases in Hollywood once again through training and , honestly , exposure to our marvelous team of instructors . After the first 2 events , major Hollywood directors and even well-known actors began asking about upcoming events and whether they could attend . We expanded the Program again into fiction , working with the Mystery Writers of America to produce an event for their national convention that the group called the best , most successful event ever held by that group . My plan was to keep chipping away at American popular culture , based on concepts created by myself and Paul Erhardt on the `` normalization '' of firearms in American society.We succeeded beyond our wildest crazy-ass best-case projections . The industry still benefits from the Program , which ended years ago . We forged alliances within the shooting sports and training community and helped everyone to understand the importance —— of speaking with a single voice and staying on message.There are many great stories that came out of the Program . I tend to remember our victories ... there was one antigun columnist in California who started their column on the Program with something to the effect that one usually thought of gun owners as `` ignorant hillbillies , '' but that `` these people are slick , sophisticated and they almost sold me ! '' LOL ! I loved it when the Brady organization called me `` crazy '' in the New York Times.In the end , the industry decided that such events were too expensive to continue . Yes , they were expensive . But the payoff was huge . Worse , I think we as an industry simply retreated from dealing with the MSM , and like a stretched rubber band , it popped back to shorter than it was before . The industry to the best of my knowledge maintains no media outreach.Here 's one last little bit of irony . Note the `` $ 350 expense stipend '' offered for this event . The bottom of the one-pager put our by Dart Center reads , `` This workshop is being made possible by a generous grant from Everytown for Gun Safety . `` When we ran the Media Education Program , we initially considered offering journalists a travel stipend to help them get to the event . The journalists I bounced the idea off of were , furious that I would even consider such an `` unethical '' action.And yet how easily they take money from the antigun lobby ... I thinks any `` journalist '' who accepts the $ 350 `` stipend '' is a whore .
We 'd just like to bring you up to speed with some of the latest smartwatch 2 developments…
Last month we announced an exciting new addition to smartwatch 2 's app portfolio – the world 's first wearable boarding pass with Vueling .
So… we 've now got around ( just under ) 400 dedicated smartwatch apps… no doubt helped by the fact that when we launched smartwatch 2 our developer partners were pretty much averaging production at one extension a day .
Secondly , you might 've seen we launched a few more stylish editions – firstly “ Business ” , and from this week “ Brazil ” – to celebrate smartwatch 2 being an official accessory of the upcoming 2014 FIFA World Cup .
And lastly ( but , as you 'll see not least-ly ) from today , we 're excited to roll a software update for smartwatch 2 that both fixes some little bugs , but also introduces a range of fresh & useful features .
Here 's a rundown of what 's included ;
Customisable watch faces
You can now customise your watch faces from your wrist or phone through a simple drag and drop feature , just like on our Xperia smartphones . Just choose a watch face and add the widgets you want to have displayed . You can choose from date , weather , calendar , Bluetooth , notifications , battery indicator and an alarm as well as a host of other options . As the platform is open to 3rd party developers , new widgets and watch faces are constantly being developed – keep an eye out for more new designs coming soon .
Wallpapers
Also customisable from your wrist are our new wallpapers . The six unique and stylish wallpapers are now available and work independently from your smartphone .
Calculator
For those of us who are n't ‘ numbers ' people , a calculator has been included in the update . It features as a native app that 's not dependent on your phone , meaning you can use your calculator when your phone is in your bag or pocket .
Oh , and maybe key in a certain number and see what happens ? Let us know if you know…
Improved Gmail and Facebook apps
Thanks to some of your feedback , we 've made some slight tweaks to the Gmail and Facebook functionality on smartwatch 2 . Tweaks include improving the Gmail synchronisation between phone and watch , and making the posts on the Facebook app more “ scrollable. ” Have a look around and tell us what you think .
Notification drawer
We 've also tweaked the notification drawer . You can now scroll through all of your calendar appointments and mark any events as ‘ read ' straight from the watch .
Bluetooth connect/disconnect vibration settings
You can now choose to turn vibration settings off for when Bluetooth connects and disconnects .
This latest update represents a significant step forward in the capabilities of smartwatch 2 and we 're very pleased in where we 've brought the platform in terms of user experience , however , we 're always looking at new options in this sector and there are all sorts of exciting developments coming from our smart wearables teams… stay tuned for more news soon !
Warning : Reading this article may cause a whiplash-inducing paradigm shift . You will no longer view wild areas the same way . Your concepts of “ pristine wilderness ” and “ the balance of nature ” will be forever compromised . You may even start to see ghosts .
Consider the fruit of the Osage-orange , named after the Osage Indians associated with its range . In the fall , Osage-orange trees hang heavy with bright green , bumpy spheres the size of softballs , full of seeds and an unpalatable milky latex . They soon fall to the ground , where they rot , unused , unless a child decides to test their ballistic properties .
Trees that make such fleshy fruits do so to entice animals to eat them , along with the seeds they contain . The seeds pass through the animal and are deposited , with natural fertilizer , away from the shade and roots of the parent tree where they are more likely to germinate . But no native animal eats Osage-orange fruits . So , what are they for ? The same question could be asked of the large seed pods of the honeylocust and the Kentucky coffeetree .
To answer these questions and solve the “ riddle of the rotting fruit , ” we first need to go to Costa Rica . That is where tropical ecologist Dan Janzen of the University of Pennsylvania noticed that the fruits of a mid-sized tree in the pea family called Cassia grandis were generally scorned by the native animals , but gobbled up by introduced horses and cattle . Janzen , who received the Crafoord Prize ( ecology 's version of the Nobel ) for their work on the co-evolution of plants and animals , had the idea that the seeds of Cassia grandis , and about 40 other large-fruited Costa Rican trees , were adapted to be dispersed by large mammals that are now extinct . They teamed up with Paul Martin , a paleoecologist at the University of Arizona , to develop the concept of ecological anachronisms .
Ok , i LOVE the design details in science fiction . This morning i was so half awake , i started things off catching up on the new Syfy show Warehouse 13 to ease into things… and could n't help but fixate on the STEAMPUNK WACOM TABLET ! I mean i love all the bizarre archaic gadgetry ( Wired has a nice look at them ) … but its the tablet and keyboard that got me first . Also… i love how small the internet is , while looking up past steampunk keyboard , found out that the keyboard was made by Datamancer - “ prestidigital datamancery & paraphrenalic technofetishism ” ~ and the exact keyboard in the show is “ the Sojourner keyboard I built for my girlfriend 2 Christmases ago ” - and they “ hope [ s ] the show becomes very popular so they commission me to build them some more elaborate contraptions for future seasons ( I 'm actually designing a Version 2.0 of my old Computational Engine PC right now with them in mind ) ” … So fun to hear how these shows pull in awesome design for even the tiniest details… see more pics on the next page !
p.s .
it was driving me a little nuts when they made it look like the wacom was a giant touch sensitive tablet though…
As Republicans and Democrats argued over who got the bigger win this week on the budget deal to keep the government operating through September , NBC News ' Benjy Sarlin asked a pertinent question about Trump 's negotiating skills in general and the GOP 's continued efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act specifically .
“ Trump can only learn if he 's been rolled or not after a deal , because they do n't have clear policies heading in , ” Sarlin tweeted . They then added , “ Take health care . What is a ‘ win ' for Trump when there does n't seem to be a single policy demand they can articulate ? Does such a thing exist ? ”
Advertisement :
Reading this , I was reminded of a story I wrote not long after Trump announced their campaign almost two years ago . The outcome tells us something about Trump that the Republican majority in Congress has not yet figured out how to make work for it .
Back in the mid-1990s , Trump was in a race with their rival , Steve Wynn , to see which man could expand their casino empire into southern Connecticut . Trump 's effort was really a reaction to Wynn , as the future president thought that a rival 's casino along that state 's wealthy Gold Coast would undercut their operations in Atlantic City .
One major barrier to both men was a state law that limited casino ownership to Native American tribes . Wynn was lobbying the Connecticut legislature to change the law for him . Trump , seeing that Wynn had a head start on them in putting all the pieces in place , worked furiously to torpedo the legislation and was ultimately successful . One of Trump 's business partners in their Connecticut efforts later said that the mogul 's attitude was “ If they give me the casino I 'll take it . If it 's not mine I wan na kill it . ”
In the end , Trump got their way . The bill to change the casino law failed . Neither Trump nor Wynn ever opened a casino in the Nutmeg State .
Keep this story in mind when you read an interview like the one that Trump gave to Bloomberg early this week :
President Donald Trump said Monday the Republican health-care bill being negotiated in Congress ultimately will protect Americans with pre-existing conditions as well as Obamacare does . “ I want it to be good for sick people . It 's not in its final form right now , '' they said during an Oval Office interview Monday with Bloomberg News . `` It will be every bit as good on pre-existing conditions as Obamacare . ''
Every analysis of the current Republican health care bill , like the party 's last health care bill that failed to come up for a vote a few weeks ago , fails on this “ protect those with pre-existing conditions ” metric that Trump insists is all but nonnegotiable . Yet the White House has been insisting that it expects the House of Representatives to vote on this bill no later than Wednesday of this week . That date could slip , but the GOP would need to make massive changes to the bill to mandate the protections on pre-existing conditions . At which point , it would lose the votes of the ultra-right conservatives that House leadership has spent weeks cajoling into supporting the measure by watering down those protections .
Advertisement :
Another strange element of Trump 's insistence on these protections is that they continue to paint Obamacare as a failing law , trapped in a death spiral that will soon blow up the nation 's entire health care system . The protections of patients with pre-existing conditions— that keep insurers from gouging them when it comes to premiums — are an integral part of this law . Why repeal all of Obamacare if it already does a good job on something that Trump wants ?
The answer is simple enough . Trump only cares about the win , and a win to Trump has nothing to do with a bill 's particulars or its ideology . A win is something that Trump can stamp their name on , be it a building or a bill . They do n't care about an object 's function , so long as it has the name Donald Trump on it — and not that of Barack Obama or Steve Wynn .
On the other hand , Republicans in Congress are ideologically committed to repealing Obamacare , either out of a genuine antipathy to government-supported health care or simply because they want to shed the law 's tax increases on the wealthy . Trump , as journalist Ana Marie Cox once observed , is too lazy to have an ideology , so they pay others to have one for him .
If the Democrats had congressional majorities , they might be able to head off Trump simply by passing a bill renaming the ACA as `` Trumpcare . '' Unfortunately for Republicans — and fortunately for the rest of us , perhaps — their ideology will always lose out to Trump 's ego if they think that a new health care bill might result in people saying that the last guy to hold their job did it better .
Tatiana Maslany appeared at Comic-Con International on Friday to discuss their hit series “ Orphan Black ” and revealed that last year 's appearance at the annual fan fest proved to be somewhat humiliating thanks to their brief foray into the world of cosplay .
“ We did n't go out on the convention floor , ” Maslany told Vanity Fair , revealing that they and “ Orphan Black ” co-star Kristian Brunn ( who plays Donnie ) went to a comedy show dressed as Ninja Turtles , assuming everyone in the city would be dressed up during Comic-Con .
RELATED : If Donald Trump Becomes President , Tatiana Maslany Suggests Americans Move To Toronto
“ But we were the only two dressed up . It was so embarrassing . We were trying to be inconspicuous but we were just conspicuous , ” they added .
To add insult to injury , the costumes they wore were , well , kind of terrible .
“ Kristian brought them in from Canada , ” they said . “ They were two children's-sized Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle costumes . And Kristian is a tall man , so the shorts were up their butt . ”
RELATED : Tatiana Maslany Is Fed Up With Body-Shaming : ‘ Every Single Body Is Beautiful '
And let 's not forget they were at a comedy show . “ We got made fun of ! ” Maslany recalled . “ The comedian onstage made fun of us . They were just like , ‘ Is anyone dressed up tonight ? ' We raised our hands and they were like , ‘ Anyone else ? [ Long pause ] No ? OK. ' We were like [ embarrassed groans ] . ”
For more embarrassing moments from Maslany , check out this gag reel of season-four bloopers from the set of “ Orphan Black ” :
There is some mad competition among dim sum parlors on both coasts for the claim of `` best soup dumpling , '' because these multifaceted Shanghainese delicacies known as xiao long bao ( or XLB ) are far from simple to get right , and are not all created equal . Local food scribe Sara Deseran , writing last year in San Francisco Magazine , talked about the difficulty they and their restaurateur husband Joe Hargrave , along with their chef Leo Gan , had in getting the soup dumplings right at the now shuttered Chino . This is because , as seasoned dim sum masters know , there is a perfect balance that has to be struck between the thickness of the dough and the juiciness and flavor of the meatball within , which creates its own `` soup '' that should burst out , hot but not scalding , when you bite into one . Then there is the traditional ginger-vinegar dipping sauce , which can vary in its tanginess and ginger punch . Aficionados will be no strangers to many of the places on the list below , including longtime popular dim sum emporium Yank Sing  and they can probably tell you where to get all the best ones in New York 's Chinatown too . Just always beware that these are not fork items , and also contain some potentially tongue-destroying hot liquid . Thankfully , Gothamist has this helpful video tutorial on how to eat a soup dumpling like a boss . So , you 're welcome .  Jay Barmann
Bund Shanghai
As the name suggests , Bund Shanghai does Shanghai-focused dishes that include jellyfish and stir-fried eel . The star of the show , however , is the xiao long bao . The restaurant does straight pork , as well as a crab and pork version . As a pro-tip : They sell frozen soup dumplings to go , which means you can enjoy the wonderful morsels in the privacy of your own home . This is also , notably , the only Chinatown spot to make this list . — Jack Morse
640 Jackson Street ( between Beckett and Kearny Streets )
Daimo
Late-night-serving ( 'til 3 a.m. ) East Bay Chinese spot Daimo is well known for their won tons and dumplings , and even got a shout-out from acclaimed critic Jonathan Gold last week . Their xiao long bao , on their menu as `` Shanghainese steamed pork dumpling , '' come served in individual tins and have less thin ( i.e . perfect ) skins than their won tons to hold in all that juicy goodness . Also , as the teens say who go here after a night of partying but still are n't ready to go home , it 's hella cheap .  Jay Barmann
Pacific East Shopping Mall , 3288 Pierce Street , Richmond
Ed U . Via Yelp
Dim Sum Club
You love Shanghai soup dumplings ? Join the so-called `` club , '' located inside the Russian Hill hotel Da Vinci Villa . Opened in 2014 , this restaurant is a casual crowd pleaser , minus the crowds , who must be lined up in the Avenues somewhere seeking out more guidebook-verified dim sum . Also , this place is a wallet pleaser . The pillowy xiao long bao are on the more expensive side of the menu , but everything is priced fairly.—Caleb Pershan
2550 Van Ness Avenue between Filbert and Union Streets
Dragon Beaux 's crab xiao long bao . Photo : Ann T/Yelp
Dragon Beaux
I was irrationally ( because it 's certainly not these guys ' fault ! ) predisposed to hate Dragon Beaux , as it resides in the spot once occupied by my beloved Video Cafe — and a frowny-faced review from Michael Bauer did n't help matters . But a look at their dim sum menu ( only available at lunchtime : 11-2:30 weekdays , 10-3 weekends ) whisked away that angst . Dragon Beaux , which is run by Jenny X. Huang and Willy Ng , the folks who own Daly City 's Koi Palace and have a partial interest in M.Y . China , rolls with pork or crab roe soup dumplings , both surprisingly good ! The quality of the pork version was much higher than expected ( per my pork-eating dining companion ) , and the crab one , which I expected to be a veritable salt bomb , was instead a delicate marine delight . And the over-the-top decor made me , for just a moment , forget all about Video Cafe 's trusty old booths . — Eve Batey
5700 Geary Boulevard at 21st Avenue
Photo via Yelp .
Hakkasan
When you find yourself craving soup dumplings , and you have access to an expense account , Hakkasan is the place for you . Those who can afford to eat at the San Francisco location of the international chain love the spot 's dim sum ( they have a vegetarian option ! ) , but the Shanghai siew long bao with crab and pork are the sleeper stars of the show . This spot is definitely on the `` special occasion '' side of things , but the food makes it totally worth it . So if you 're looking to grab a date ( or a good book ) and celebrate with some soup dumplings , Hakkasan has you covered . — Jack Morse
One Kearny Street ( at Market Street )
Kingdom of Dumpling 's xiao long bao . Photo : Christine C/Yelp
Kingdom of Dumpling
Even if you do n't care about soup dumplings , a visit to Kingdom of Dumpling 's website ( if not their Parkside location ) is still in order just to see their adorable pictures of in-house dumpling assembly ! There 's a pride demonstrated in these photos that comes through when you dine there , and the prices ca n't be beat — we 're talking $ 4.95 for six Shanghai soup dumplings , making this place one of the best deals in San Francisco . But before you order those , allow me to point you to their Shanghai pan fried soup dumplings , which take the delicious and with just a bit of oil and heat raise it to the sublime . — Eve Batey
1713 Taraval Street between 27th and 28th Avenues
Photo of the splendiferous Koi Palace , by Koi Palace
Koi Palace
The first time you take someone to Koi Palace expect them to be nonplussed : `` Are we going to Target ? Why are we in this strip mall parking lot ? Are you taking me somewhere to kill me ? '' But then you step into the Vegas-y splendor of the restaurant , and all is forgotten . The system of colored jackets on the staff ! The ( duh ) koi ! The occasional dragon ! Koi Palace is an experience as much as it is a meal , a spectacle as much as it is a feast . And as befits a palace , they have a number of menus , all of which change at the drop of a hat , so call in advance if you 're hankering for a specific dish ( 650-992-9000 ) to make sure they 'll be serving it . Their dim sum menu ( lunch only ) typically sports an acclaimed pork-filled xiao long bao , and there 's an occasional sampler with weirder flavors like kale and beet . But , come on , you did n't drive all the way to Daly City for kale , did you ? Go pig or go home ! — Eve Batey
365 Gellert Blvd , Daly City
Photo : Caviar
Mama Ji 's
Though mostly focused on Sichuan specialties , this Castro Chinese spot makes some great if imperfectly pleated Shanghai dumplings , as they call them , with excellently flavorful pork fillings . Also , they make a seafood-and-pork version which are equally delicious , and all the dipping sauces here are on-point . Take note that the dim sum menu here is only available during the daytime  and these dumplings can be ordered via Caviar , though the temperature they arrive at is anyone 's guess .  Jay Barmann
4416 18th Street near Eureka
Photo via Yelp .
San Tung
This Inner Sunset restaurant is widely known for its dry-friend chicken wings , but you 'd be nuts to overlook the soup dumplings . Priced at the lower end , you can order to your heart 's content — which , with San Tung , probably means you 're buying a lot of food . The place itself is low-key , but that does n't stop huge lines from forming outside . Luckily for you , there 's San Tung # 2 ( pictured above ) , which , fear not , is exactly the same as the place next door . — Jack Morse
1031 Irving Street ( between 11th and 12th Avenues )
Julia K. via Flickr
Shanghai Dumpling King
See-through thin but surprisingly strong dumpling skin holds tasty warm soup and sweet pork in Shanghai Dumpling King 's signature xiao long bao . This Outer Richmond go-to spot serves them ten at a time for $ 6 , but every once in a while , you 're bound to find a dud that 's ruptured , leaking its soupy contents . Consider it a dumpling-eating occupational hazard . Another hazard — hot liquid ! Give these little guys a second to cool down when you get them . —Caleb Pershan
3319 Balboa Street between 35th and 34th Avenues
Photo : Yelp
Shanghai Dumpling Shop
Most serious Chinese food fans will tell you that all the best Chinese food these days is n't in Chinatown , it 's south of the city in places like Burlingame , Millbrae , and Redwood City . And in Millbrae , near the airport , is where you 'll find this Shanghai dumpling specialist . You get 10 for $ 10 , which some dim sum experts will tell you is not a great deal , but these things stand up well in porky flavor and dough properness to examples at the big dim sum palaces closer to the city like Koi Palace and Yank Sing . Also , the dipping sauce has a good vinegar and ginger kick .  Jay Barmann
455 Broadway , Millbrae
The producers of Xi'an Up Close , a Chinese investigative news program , were forced to issue an apology to viewers after sending a reporter to cover the discovery of a `` mystery mushroom '' that was ultimately identified as a sex toy .
The exposé , which aired this past Sunday , featured fresh-faced journalist Ye Yunfeng gushing over a `` fungi-like object '' unearthed by residents of the central Chinese village of Liucunbu during construction of a new well . `` The object looks very shiny , and it feels really fleshy and meaty too , '' they told viewers .
One villager offered up a theory based on research they did online . `` It 's a type of lingzhi mushroom , called the taisui , '' they told Ye . `` When the Emperor Qin Shi Huang was on the hunt for the secret to longevity , it is said they discovered this lingzhi was the answer , '' they contributed after noting that the particular type of lingzhi is rare because it 's typically found buried deep underground .
The home audience , however , was n't fooled by the `` fugus with lips , '' and immediate took to social networks to point out that the double-headed mushroom was actually `` a double-headed masturbation toy '' complete with artificial vagina and anus .
Xi'an Up Close posted an apology on their Sina Weibo page , blaming the mix-up on the Ye . `` As our reporter was still very young and unwise to the ways of the world , this report has brought great inconvenience to everyone , '' read the statement . `` We 'd like to take this opportunity to thank everyone from the bottom of our hearts for your criticism and correction . Please forgive our oversight ! ''
As Shanghaiist points out , the inconvenience likely could have been greater had the villagers not `` resisted their instinctual temptation to stir-fry the 'mushroom ' and put it in their mouth . ''
[ Shanghaiist via Dlisted ]
A private school in east Jerusalem is being shut down for incitement , Israel 's Channel 2 reported on Thursday .
According to the report , the curriculum of the Al-Nukhba elementary school — established by Hamas in the Tsur Baher neighborhood — contains extreme anti-Israel teachings . After months of surveillance , the Israeli Education Ministry , the Jerusalem District Police and the Shin Bet internal security agency issued a closure order a few weeks ago .
Though the Supreme Court approved the order and rejected a petition by the Hamas-affiliated and -funded company that set up the school — attended by 220 pupils from first through sixth grades — its principal ignored the writ and a complaint was filed with police . The principal was interrogated and released on Thursday , under restrictive conditions , the report said .
As alternative schools for the students have been found , Al-Nukhba 's doors will soon be closed permanently .
Israeli Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan defended the closure , stating , “ Our sovereignty begins in Jerusalem . We will not allow the entry of terrorist organizations into [ the city ] . Any incitement and support for terrorism must be forcefully stopped . ”
Team Haley and Team Arians pace around the squared circle , waiting to weigh in on one of the more hotly debated topics in recent Steelers memory .
Bruce Arians , the castoff , cast out alleged best friend of Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger goes on to what will almost certainly be NFL Coach of the Year with the Indianapolis Colts and wunderkind Andrew Luck .
Todd Haley , sharp and innovative user of an entire roll of players in order to achieve offensive success , only to see much of that offense sputter under the weight of an injured offensive line ( and Marcus Gilbert 's butt ) .
Let 's pretend all things are equal here , and after one season , let 's compare Arians ' offense in Pittsburgh in 2011 to Haley 's offense in 2012 from a statistical point of view .
Scoring
Haley : 21.0 ( 21st in the NFL )
Arians : 20.3 ( 21st in the NFL )
Clearly , the needle is n't moving much . If less than one point a game is the difference between the two , and no movement into the top two thirds of the league is made , it 's difficult to say , overall , there 's much of a difference . One can point to injuries ( which will likely be the common theme by the end of this ) , but that 's easily refuted by pointing to the fact the Steelers consistently score 20-21 points a game .
Really , the fundamental difference is found in the fact kicker Shaun Suisham hit five more field goals and scored 13 more points in 2012 than they did in 2011 . That 's an increase of .83 point per game , or essentially the difference in scoring between the two teams . And they attempted 31 field goals in both seasons , making 23 in 2011 and 28 in 2012 .
Rushing
Haley : 412 carries , 1,537 , 3.7 yards per carry , 96.1 yards per game ( 26th in the NFL ) eight runs of 20-plus yards , eight touchdowns .
Arians : 434 carries , 1,903 yards , 4.4 yards per carry , 118.9 yards per game ( 14th in the NFL ) , nine runs of 20-plus yards , 13 touchdowns .
While Haley 's offense clearly trails Arians in most of these statistics ( and all of the most important ones ) , Arians did not have a running back go for 100 plus yards in three consecutive games like Haley did from Week 7 to Week 9 . The health of Rashard Mendenhall benefited Arians quite a bit while the development of Jonathan Dwyer was something Arians did not have .
Injuries will always be a factor , but statistically , Arians ' team ran only a little less than two times a game more often than Haley , and had far more success . It 's hard to give that edge to Haley .
Passing
Haley : 354-for-574 ( 61.7 ) , 4,012 yards ( net of 3,787 , 14th in the NFL ) , 27 touchdowns , 14 interceptions , 88.1 passer rating .
Arians : 341-for-539 ( 63.2 percent ) , 4,333 yards ( 4,054 net , 10th in the NFL ) , 21 touchdowns , 15 interceptions , 89.7 passer rating .
It 's hard to glean there was even much of a change with the exception of Haley 's offense having thrown more touchdown passes . Much of that could be attributed to what 's simply the only fundamentally different aspect of Haley 's offense in 2012 to Arians ' in 2011 - possession protection .
Roethlisberger had 14 picks in 513 attempts in 2011 ( 2.7 percent ) , and that number dropped to 1.8 percent ( eight picks in 449 attempts ) in 2012 . And they threw half of them in their final four games after returning from injury .
This is the main area - and perhaps the only area - of difference between the two seasons on the offensive side of the ball . Haley 's best quarterback did n't turn the ball over often . Six of Haley 's team 's 14 interceptions came from back-up quarterbacks . It 's important to note that , just as it 's important to note one of them came from wide receiver Antonio Brown on a poorly devised wide receiver pass against Baltimore in Week 13 .
Sure , there are unique characteristics of the two , but they both essentially led to the same place . Arians had five years of experience working with Roethlisberger and many other offensive players . Haley did n't have that , and the system itself was much more based on timing than Arians ' high-low read-heavy passing style .
Red Zone
One of the downfalls of that kind of offense , while great between the 20s , is it stalls in the short field . Their offense was not successful in the red zone , which was one of the major points of emphasis from those calling for Arians ' ouster this past offseason .
Did it improve under Haley ?
The Steelers scored touchdowns on 55.10 percent of their red zone trips in 2012 , as compared to 50.91 attempts in 2011 . That 's 14th in the league in 2012 , up from 17th in 2011 .
Tilt a bit in Haley 's favor as the team averaged 1.7 red zone touchdowns per game in 2012 to 2011 's 1.6 , but Arians ' offense had 3.2 scoring attempts compared to Haley 's 3.1 .
Time of Possession
Almost bizarrely , Arians ' group in 2011 led by 20 seconds of possession on average - 32:28 vs. Haley 's 32:08 . The 2011 team lead the league , and the 2012 team was second . Much of this could be attributed to the fact Haley 's offense saw 20 percent more lost fumbles per game ( 1.0 vs. 0.8 ) than Arians ' did , and with nearly identical interception totals , and defenses that did n't cause many turnovers , it 's fair to interpret similarly euqal quality possession numbers for both sides .
But the 2012 team 's ceiling in this statistic reached much higher .
Taking a snapshot in time look , before the Steelers entered a Week 10 Monday Night game against Kansas City , they were 34:40 , more than two minutes higher than the previous season . Things fell apart against the Chiefs and stayed down for much of the rest of the season .
This is also the point the Steelers most critical stat in the first half of the season started to fade . They were converting third downs 51.92 percent of the time through Week 9 in 2012 ( first in the league by more than three percent ) . It finished the year at 41.96 .
Their 30.77 percent conversion rate on third downs over their final three games was the 23rd best total in the league . Suffering a nearly 10 percent drop in that critical stat down the stretch can be attributed to many things - Roethlisberger 's injury , the lack of running success , a beaten up offensive line , pick whichever you choose . But it 's safe to say the most impressive stat of all in the last two years was that 50 percent mark through the Steelers ' first eight games .
Conclusion
However you want to boil it down , neither of these offenses were successful top to bottom , and it 'd be hard for even Haley and Arians to argue otherwise . Both showed outstanding production in some areas for some of the time , but neither offense operated with great efficiency on a consistent basis . Even with the injuries to this year 's team , the Steelers offense was never scoring loads of points . They only scored over 30 once ( vs. Oakland in Week 3 ) , and scored under 20 five times .
The stretch of time in the middle of the season under Haley , though , had a team that scored on 58 percent of its red zone chances ( from Weeks 7-9 ) , and the amazing third down conversion rate strongly suggests the ceiling with Haley 's offense was higher than Arians .
Before Roethlisberger 's injury in Week 10 they were playing at a very high level . Protection became a bit more challenging down the stretch in both seasons , but Roethlisberger was off to an incredible start to the season through four games , completing 66 percent of their throws for 1,124 yards , nine touchdowns and just one interception .
Arians had their moments with Roethlisberger and the passing game during the 2011 season , particularly with a 7.4 yards per pass attempt stat on the year , and was 7.8 at the midway point of the season . It faltered down the stretch , though , and Roethlisberger suffered similar struggles due to injury and a lack of protection .
Follow @ NealCoolong
President Trump and first lady Melania Trump visit the USS Arizona Memorial on Nov. 3 at Pearl Harbor in Honolulu . ( Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images )
It 's Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day , and the first couple might want to also remember . . . to triple-check their tweets before posting .
First lady Melania Trump on Thursday tweeted the incorrect date of the Japanese bombing of the U.S. naval base in Hawaii , which was the catalyst for the involvement of the United States in World War II . Alongside a photo of them and President Trump from their visit to the memorial in Hawaii earlier this year , they wrote : “ Today we honor Pearl Harbor Heroes . 11/7/1941 Thank you to all military for your courage and sacrifice ! ”
But , whoops , the correct date is 12/7/1941 , of course . The tweet was swiftly deleted from the @ FLOTUS account and a second tweet posted with the correct date .
The numerical typo is understandable ( just ask POTUS , whose tweets often include a misspelling ) , but it 's not the first time that someone from the White House has gotten Pearl Harbor Day wrong .
In 1988 , then-Vice President George H.W . Bush mystified a group of veterans during a speech to American Legion members by declaring , “ Today is Pearl Harbor Day ” — on Sept. 7 . “ Forty-seven years ago to this very day , we were hit and hit hard at Pearl Harbor and we were not ready , ” Bush said , before they realized their error mid-speech and corrected himself . ( And they should know : Bush was a Navy pilot in the Pacific in World War II ! )
Earlier Thursday , the president took some ribbing on Twitter , too , for getting FDR 's famous quote about the day slightly wrong . Trump called it “ A day that will live in infamy ! ” but Roosevelt actually used the words “ date which ” ( and no exclamation point , which is far more of a Trumpian flourish than a Rooseveltian one ) .
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “ A day that will live in infamy ! ” December 7 , 1941 — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 7 , 2017
During the first presidential debate , on Monday evening , September 26 , Democratic front runner Hillary Clinton boasted of their support for tough sanctions on Iran :
I spent a year and a half putting together a coalition that included Russia and China to impose the toughest sanctions on Iran . . . And we did drive them to the negotiating table and my successor , John Kerry , and President Obama got a deal that put a lid on Iran 's nuclear program . Without firing a single shot . That 's diplomacy .
How many of their supporters , upon hearing this nod to the diplomatic track , thought Hillary 's anti-Iran zeal was another compelling reason to vote for them and one more shining example of their leadership panache ? After all , they know a thing or two about how to get things done , and standing up to those tricky mullahs in Tehran is what any president worth their salt has to do . Was n't Iran “ weeks away from having enough nuclear material to form a bomb ” with which to decimate Europe along with Iran 's historical rival — Israel ?
Well , if you listen to Hillary tell it , you might very well believe she 's got their proverbial finger on the truth and is prepared to stand tall in the face of the Iranian menace . And what better way to keep this citadel of evil firmly in place than by slapping ironclad sanctions on its unctuous rulers . It bears repeating : Hillary has experience . They know how to get things done whether as the First Lady with our “ first black president ” Bill Clinton , then as a New York senator , and , under Obama , as Secretary of State . It was their husband who maintained sanctions on Iraq for the entire duration of their presidency . So they know how effective they can be in achieving foreign policy goals , like keeping Saddam in a box or preventing the doomsday weapon from falling into Iran 's hands .
What they failed to mention during the recent debate is the catastrophic effect sanctions had on Iran 's economy and its civilian population . Sanctions were only lifted in July 2015 when the United States and various world powers finalized an agreement with Iran to “ limit Tehran 's nuclear ability for more than a decade in return for lifting international oil and financial sanctions. ” On the very same day the deal took effect , Hillary called for even more sanctions . Hard to beat that for chutzpah .
I may not have their experience as a Capital Hill bigwig , but I know a thing or two about sanctions and how they impact , not just the government of the targeted country but the people as well . Having spent the better part of a decade traveling to and from Iraq during the sanctions years as a humanitarian activist and seeing up front and personal the deadly toll they were taking on the most vulnerable members of Iraqi society , I am distressed that one of our so-called leaders and this season 's leading presidential contender ( if the soothsayers are correct ) would take credit for imposing tough sanctions on Iran . If we take Hillary at their word , then one can understand why they would take credit for a policy that brought Iran to the negotiating table and , from their standpoint , prevented it from building a nuclear weapon . However , notwithstanding their claims , the evidence simply does n't back them up . In 2007 a National Intelligence Estimate concluded , based on intelligence findings available at that time , that “ in fall 2003 , Tehran halted its nuclear weapons program . . . . ” Hillary Clinton 's tenure as secretary of state lasted from 2009 to 2013 . In 2010 they began their work to have sanctions imposed on Iran .
According to various sources , including Global Research , sanctions were crippling Iran 's economy and having their deadliest impact on civilians just as they did in Iraq where over half-a-million children died from the medical consequences of malnutrition and easily preventable water-borne diseases , among other causes related to sanctions . The United States first imposed sanctions in 1979 when the Iranian Revolution brought Ayatollah Khomeini , a Shia Muslim religious figure , into power as the supreme leader of the world 's first Islamic republic . Over the following decades , sanctions “ increased in scope and severity. ” Thanks to Hillary 's dedicated nurturing of the sanctions regime , and in particular the set of draconian sanctions they spearheaded in 2012 , Iran 's major source of income — oil exports — was severely blocked . In a speech they gave in 2012 , Hillary had this to say about their handiwork :
We convinced all 27 nations of the European Union to stop importing Iranian oil and all 20 major global importers of Iranian oil – including Japan , India , China , and Turkey – to make significant cuts . . . Iran today exports more than one million fewer barrels of crude each day than it did just last year . Iran 's currency is worth less than half of what it was last November .
As a “ long-time advocate for crippling sanctions against Iran , ” Hillary voted in favor of every sanctions bill that came before the Senate during their two terms there . Like their husband , they remain either blind or merely indifferent to the suffering that sanctions are capable of inflicting , especially among the most vulnerable , who are the least able to influence the decisions of their leaders , especially in a non-democracy like Iran . Restricting a country 's access to its most essential source of foreign revenue is the equivalent of driving a stake into the heart of that country 's economy . But it 's not the political leadership who will do the bleeding and dying . The severe cutback in oil exports that Hillary is apparently proud of orchestrating had a deadly impact on the lives of ordinary Iranian citizens , since the government could scarcely finance “ infrastructural work , social and welfare services , hospitals , schools , universities , state employees ' salaries and pensions. ” By 2012 , under sanctions , the value of Iran 's currency had declined by 80 percent . At the same time , the prices of raw materials , spare parts , foodstuffs , machinery , and medicine rose precipitously . Unemployment likewise rose as many businesses and factories had to shut down .
Possibly the most painful effect of the sanctions against Iran occurred in relation to healthcare and the availability of drugs to treat life-threatening illnesses , such as heart , lung , and kidney disease , multiple sclerosis , and cancer , particularly leukemia , which had become rampant in Iran . A devalued currency coupled with the high cost of raw materials necessary for the production of pharmaceuticals resulted in severe shortages of essential medicines . For example , the effective treatment of patients diagnosed with hemophilia requires anticoagulant drugs . But under sanctions , these drugs became unavailable , and thousands of surgeries had to be cancelled . One physician , the head of Iran 's Hemophilia Society , had this to say about how sanctions were affecting the practice of medicine in their country :
This is a blatant hostage-taking of the most vulnerable people by countries which claim they care about human rights . Even a few days of delay can have serious consequences , like hemorrhage and disability .
Hillary 's touting of their role in bringing Iran to the bargaining table through the application of stringent economic sanctions is , to my mind , an endorsement of collective punishment . A closer look at the reality of sanctions , beyond its somewhat sterile connotations as an effective tool against recalcitrant governments , reveals a world of pain for innocent people . There is no single payer health insurance ; therefore , the most important way for people to obtain coverage is through their place of work . In April 2016 , Iran 's deputy interior minister stated that , even with the lifting of many economic sanctions ,
unemployment currently stands at between 40 and 60 percent in approximately 420 entire counties . This contributes to a situation in which 15 million of Iran 's 78 million people are reportedly deprived of even the most basic social services .
The same official added that “ 10 million people are currently living in what could be described as slums . . . . ”
In the West , officials argued that sanctions “ are aimed at punishing the Iranian regime in the hope of forcing it to comply with international rules over its disputed nuclear [ program ] , but many Iranians see things differently. ” Having witnessed how economic sanctions devastated Iraqi society , I would agree with the viewpoint of ordinary Iranians : The sanctions were a form of economic warfare whose ultimate purpose , in Iran as well as Iraq , was to make life miserable for the greatest number of people in the futile and morally repugnant expectation that their suffering would prompt them to rise up against the government and accomplish what Washington 's neoconservative warriors have wanted all along — regime change .
Hillary is no stranger to regime change . During their much-ballyhooed career , she 's been instrumental in the demise of governments unacceptable to the US and their replacement by regimes more amenable to our trade policies and/or geopolitical interests . And in each case , the results have been abysmal : violence , repression , and chaos . And yet , with Election Day fast approaching , the heat is on to take a deep breath , hold our collective nose , and cast our ballot for the Queen of Chaos , the honorific title bestowed upon Lady Hillary by progressive writer Diana Johnstone . Some highly reputable and influential lefties argue with a great deal of brio that defeating Donald Trump must be our foremost goal , even if it means voting for someone like Hillary . As president , they islikely to do much less harm than a President Trump . Besides , what really matters is growing and sustaining a grassroots movement to challenge “ business as usual , ” and the wrecking ball ideology and nefarious schemes of Deep State hobgoblins .
Okay , I get it . But come Election Day , I doubt I will be able to summon whatever it takes to cast my vote for Hillary . The Clinton name , whether preceded by “ Hillary ” or “ Bill , ” never fails to conjure up images of the many seriously ill children I saw in Iraqi hospitals where the sanctions regime maintained by Billand endorsed by Hillary was a death sentence for these children . The drugs they needed to stay alive were simply not available thanks in large measure to the UN 's 661 Committee , which determined what Iraq was allowed to import , and to the concerted efforts of Bill Clinton and their junior partner in the UK to continue the sanctionsuntil Saddam was gone , regardless of how many innocent Iraqis died in the process .
How many children in Iran suffered a similar fate as a consequence of the sanctions Hillary brags about ? In Greek mythology , Pandora — not Eve — was the first woman on Earth . Them creation was ordered by Zeus as a way to punish that upstart Prometheus for stealing fire from the gods and handing it over to the humans . In addition to their intoxicating , irresistible beauty , they were given a jar filled with evils of all sorts and warned never to open it . But that 's exactly what they did when their innate curiosity got the better of them From the one act of disobedience has come all the miseries and afflictions that continue to beset humanity .
Hillary , our very own version of Pandora , has loosed so much suffering in the course of their unwavering support for the hegemonic pursuits of the Empire . Them approval of Israel 's aggression against Gaza during Operation Protective Edge in the summer of 2014 is further evidence that they are unworthy of our support . Hundreds of Palestinian children died during 51 days of aerial bombardment by the Israeli Defense Forces . The United Nations Human Rights Council convened a commission of inquiry , which concluded that “ Israel , and to a lesser extent Palestinian armed groups , had likely committed violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law , some constituting war crimes. ” But by the light shining ever so brightly from Hillary 's moral compass , Israel “ did what it had to do to respond to the [ Hamas ] rockets. ” One looks in vain for even a smidgeon of compassion for the victims of Israel 's crimes to say nothing of those who have been crushed under the boots of US imperialism .
Come Election Day , when I enter the curtained booth at my polling location , I will be thinking of those victims — from Palestine , Iran , and Iraq to Honduras , Yugoslavia , and Ukraine — and mark my ballot accordingly .
George Capaccio is a writer and activist living in Arlington , MA . During the years of US- and UK-enforced sanctions against Iraq , they traveled there numerous times , bringing in banned items , befriending families in Baghdad , and deepening their understanding of how the sanctions were impacting civilians . Their email is Georgecapaccio @ verizon.net . They welcome comments and invites readers to visit their website : www.georgecapaccio.com
Requires Xposed Framework !
FAQ :
* How 's the battery usage ?
Exactly the same as GEL .
* I do n't get `` Say `` Ok Google '' '' in the search bar , only a filled mic ?
The hint is only shown for a few times when you first use Google Search , it 's hidden after a while .
* Does this work with all languages ?
No idea , if it does n't work with GEL , it wo n't work here , however .
* Any other hotwords besides Ok Google ?
No , since this uses Google Search 's built in service , only Ok Google is supported . For other uses , consider OpenMic .
* Why is this only on KitKat ?
The Google Search recognition service only works on KitKat .
Video :
Screenshots :
Compatibility :
Version 1.2 supports all launchers , just open the app once .
Xperia Stock Launcher
HTC Sense 6 / Blinkfeed
TouchWiz ( S5 has this built in )
LG ( untested - G3 has this built in )
Download :
Source code :
Support development :
This module enables Ok Google on all 3rd party launchers on KitKat and above.It also allows you to enable Ok Google on a per-app basis.Requires 4.4+ and a newish version of Google Search ( confirmed working on 3.4+ ) This works by using the same method OEMs use to add `` Ok Google '' to their home screen , as seen on the Galaxy S5 and the LG G3.Launcher developers , you can add this to your launcher with : https : //github.com/MohammadAG/Ok-Google-Hotword-Lib By @ -NickHalden- More screenshots here : http : //imgur.com/a/18LEJ 4.4 onlyIf you found this mod useful , consider donating with PayPal
Chicago Bears wide receiver Earl Bennett was supposedly on the trading block before roster cutdowns , but they were difficult to trade coming off a preseason concussion , so talks broke off . If I were Phil Emery , I would be on the phone with the New England Patriots today .
Thursday night 's game between the Patriots and the New York Jets , a 13-10 Patriots win , featured Tom Brady doing their best ( or worst ) Jay Cutler impression . It 's funny how losing quality , professional wide receivers turned Mr . Wonderful into a petulant toddler who did n't want to eat their peas .
Brady was seen going off on a number of their receivers during a very uncharacteristic outing that had them go 19 for 39 for just 185 yards and 1 touchdown against the lowly Jets . Brady even commented in their postgame presser that they needed to work on their body language . I think it could all be fixed by getting a competent wide receiver like Earl Bennett .
Brady was without Rob Gronkowski , who 's still coming off offseason surgeries on the arm they broke late last year . Aaron Hernandez is in the State Pen league , where they wo n't even let them watch game . Danny Amendola is out with a groin injury , so Julian Edelman became Brady 's top receiver , with 13 catches for 78 yards on 18 targets . Meanwhile , the inexperienced Kembrell Tompkins and Aaron Dobson combined for 5 catches for 103 yards and a TD on 17 targets .
Meanwhile , Earl Bennett has been pushed back to the Bears ' third receiver , with up-and-comers Joe Anderson and rookie burner Marquess Wilson nipping at their heels . Bennett signed a hefty contract extension in 2011 , before the arrival of Brandon Marshall and Alshon Jeffery .
Bennett took a $ 1 million pay cut before the start of the season . A team usually does n't approach a player about a pay cut unless they 're prepared to move on without him . If the Bears are serious about trading Bennett , Phil Emery should be on the phone with Bill Belichick and work out a deal . With the injury-prone Amendola and the recovering Gronk 's health as big question marks throughout the season , a professional wide receiver like Earl Bennett , who had just 4 drops in 127 catchable balls in a three year span , would be able to immediately improve a Patriots team suddenly in need of some offensive weapons .
Bennett is n't flashy , but he 's a steady pro and teamed up with Brady and the Pat 's passing game , would flourish . It could be a win-win for both teams . Maybe the Bears could get a 3rd round pick out of the Patriots as they reshape their roster .
What do you think ? Would you trade Bennett ? What are they worth ? Let 's hear your Comments . Log into Disqus using your Facebook , Twitter or Google accounts .
A cat that jumped out of a car on the upper deck of I-93 near Boston Sand and Gravel on Christmas day spent nine days in the pipework underneath it before they were rescued by electricians doing maintenance work yesterday .
One of Juno 's owners , Erin McCutcheon of Roslindale , reports Juno was at first reluctant to come down when the Local 103 electricians spotted them But the enterprising electricians managed to get some cans of cat food somewhere and were able to lure the starving kitty down .
McCutcheon never gave up hope that Juno survived the jump out of a car on a busy highway . The electricians knew whose cat Juno was because of the fliers McCutcheon had posted all over the area under the highway .
Today , she 's awaiting their rendezvous with their pet - who spent the night eating and recuperating with Jay Frazier , one of the electricians .
They describe the area where the workers found Juno :
U.S. Cyber Command Commander , National Security Agency Director and Central Security Service Chief General Keith Alexander gestures during a news conference in Washington , Wednesday , Feb. 13 , 2013 , to give an update on President Barack Obama 's Cybersecurity policy . Warning that American companies are the target of an intensive cyber-espionage campaign , President Barack Obama 's top security officials on Wednesday said they are struggling to defend the nation from attacks on its private computer networks and called on Congress to pass legislation that would close regulatory gaps . ( AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Declaring that America is losing an aggressive cyber-espionage campaign waged from China , administration officials and lawmakers on Wednesday agreed to push legislation that would make it easier for the government and industry to share information about who is getting hacked and what to do about it .
They say this new partnership , codified by law and buoyed by President Barack Obama 's new executive order , is critical to keeping countries like China , Russia and even Iran from rummaging in American computer networks and targeting proprietary data they can use to wreak havoc or compete against U.S. businesses .
The pledge from legislators and Obama 's top security aides already has special interest groups scrambling to influence the outcome , which remains uncertain in a bitterly divided Congress focused on other high-priority issues like immigration and gun control .
`` Until Congress acts , President Obama will be fighting to defend this country with one hand tied behind their back , '' said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nev. , who promised Wednesday to advance a bipartisan proposal `` as soon as possible . ''
On Tuesday , Obama signed an executive order that relies heavily on participation from U.S. industry in creating new voluntary standards for protecting information . The order also expands the government 's effort to share threat data with companies .
But officials warned that the order does n't do enough to address the threat they say could paralyze U.S. commerce . At issue is the legal liability facing companies if they divulge information , and whether companies should be compelled to meet certain security standards .
`` The government is often unaware of malicious activity targeting our critical infrastructure , '' said Gen. Keith Alexander , head of the National Security Agency and U.S. Cyber Command .
`` These blind spots prevent us from being in a position of helping critical infrastructure defend itself and it prevents us from knowing when we need to defend the nation , '' Alexander told industry and government officials Wednesday at the Commerce Department .
In the House , Reps. Mike Rogers , R-Mich. , and Dutch Ruppersberger , D-Md. , both on the Intelligence Committee , have revived their pro-industry legislation that would keep secret any information a company shares with the government . It also would shield businesses from anti-trust litigation if they share threat data with their competitors .
But privacy advocates who helped bring about a veto threat of the legislation last year said the legislation still unfairly gives the secretive NSA a central role in collecting data from the private sector .
Rogers and Ruppersberger say their bill would only allow companies to share technical data , like an IP address , and that the NSA is in the best position to understand the information because of its role in chasing foreign-based hackers .
`` We are in a cyberwar . Most Americans do n't know it ... and at this point , we 're losing , '' said Rogers .
Last year 's Senate bill was considered more balanced by privacy advocates because it gave a more central role to the Homeland Security Department . But that legislation , pushed by Sens . Susan Collins , R-Maine , and Joe Lieberman , I-Conn. , tanked after the U.S. Chamber of Commerce said the bill 's system of setting up industry standards would strangle businesses with unnecessary regulation . Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-W.Va. , chairperson of the Commerce Committee , is expected to take on the effort this year now that Lieberman has retired and Collins is no longer the ranking Republican on the Homeland Security panel .
Congress has been struggling for more than three years to reach a consensus on cybersecurity legislation . Given that failure and the escalating risks to critical systems , Obama turned to the order as a stopgap measure with the hope that lawmakers will be able to pass a bill this year .
Liz Gasster , a vice president at the Business Roundtable , which represents CEOs at such corporations as Target and Coca-Cola , said companies probably are n't going to alert federal officials after being hacked — then turn around and share that information with their competitors — `` until companies are given sufficient liability and anti-trust protections . '' Those protections would have to be codified by Congress .
Gasster and other industry representatives say business leaders know the cyberthreat is real and it would be in their favor to work closely with the federal government to prevent the next big attack , or at least deal with it more effectively .
`` To them , it gets to the core of their business — their profitability , '' Gasster said of the CEOs they represent .
___
Follow Anne Flaherty on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/AnneKFlaherty
Target Canada owes money to nearly 1,800 businesses around the world , from India to Shanghai and Brampton to Winnipeg . The list runs 44 typed pages . It includes 3greenmoms , makers of eco-friendly sandwich bags in Potomac , MD ( $ 3,751 ) ; 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment in Toronto ( $ 3.7-million ) and the Banhat Rattan Bamboo Co-operative in Ho Chi Minh City ( $ 1,596 ) .
Exterior pictures of Target store in Cloverdale Mall in Toronto on November 19 , 2014 Vince Talotta/Toronto Star ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star )
It owes $ 1,926 to the Retail Council of Canada and $ 433,248 to Roots Canada Ltd . Roots was behind the popular Beaver Canoe line of goods tailor-made for Target Canada . It owes Revenue Quebec $ 6.529-million . It owes more than $ 12-million to the Canada Revenue Agency . “ Did I see this coming ? No , ” said Jennifer Carlson , founder , Baby Gourmet Foods Inc. , an Edmonton-based company owed $ 62,701 .
Article Continued Below
Carlson said their first thought , when they heard the news of Target Canada shutting down , was for the employees who would be losing their jobs , and their families . “ Target was a great partner for us and at this point , it 's going to be ( about ) growing with our other retail partners , ” said Carlson . Target Canada announced last week it was seeking creditor protection as it winds down operations , closing all 133 stores and putting 17,600 people out of work over the next five months . As of Thursday , all Starbucks operating within Target stores will be closed , a Target spokesperson confirmed . “ Generally speaking , the team members will be re-assigned to other areas of the store , ” said Target 's Eric Hausman .
Unable to keep shelves stocked and customers interested in their retail offering , Target executives made the decision to leave Canada rather than spend another five years chasing profits . It has lost about $ 7-billion on its Canadian operations so far .
Article Continued Below
On paper , it seems that Target is in a position to pay off all creditors in full , with assets and liabilities both in the $ 5-billion range . But the true value of the recorded assets is always less than stated , said Ira Smith of Ira Smith , Trustee and Receiver Inc. “ Everything gets recorded at original cost — what they paid for the assets . When they do the inventory sale , they will not recoup the original cost . The racking and fixtures , once they shut down , is by the pound , ” said Smith . Some assets listed by Target include credit owing from vendors , but as Smith points out , once Target Canada stops paying the vendors , the vendors wo n't be making good on those credits . What Target Canada will be able to realize from the sales of leases and properties it owns will also likely be less than what they originally paid . “ Who is going to step in and pay what they did ? No one , ” said Smith . Some – not all – the properties leased to Target Canada , were guaranteed by the parent corporation in Minneapolis . Target likely has its own internal estimate , but that is not something it is going to share , said Smith . Target Canada has 30 days from the date of filing for creditor protection to present a plan that will satisfy creditors . It may also seek a 30-day extension from the courts , said Smith . The parent company is owed at least $ 3.1-billion , but Smith , who has read the filings , said the amount is unsecured .
Read more about :
Here is our last count : four million Filipino immigrants in America . Nary a season on primetime TV without a Filipino face gracing the screen : American idol ( Jessica Sanchez , Jasmine Trias ) , America 's Best Dance Crew ( Jabbawockeez ) ; YouTube discoveries ( Arnel Pineda , Charice Pempengco ) ; mixed second generation Filipino-Americans ( Cheryl Burke/Dancing with the Stars ; Tim Lincecum/San Francisco Giants ) . Even Miss Universe Pageant has had Ms. Philippines in the top five for three years straight . However , in the privacy of your bedroom theatre , next to the leftover adobo chicken on the night table , is there a Filipino-American BOOK waiting for the limelight of your minds ?
Time and again , I get together with my Filipino-American writer friends to discuss the state of our Filipino readership . It is often the most depressing conversation . We have implemented different strategies to get our village to read our books , but without considerable success . In 2000 , I edited an anthology of Filipino and Filipino-American writers for The Literary Review 's first issue of the millennium , in which I mentioned two harrowing statements from industry folks in my introduction :
Nobody reads Filipino books .
Filipino books do n't sell .
Generalizations indeed , but might they also ring true in a Filipino readership context ? In 2004 , I accepted an invitation by the Philippine Embassy in D.C. to be the keynote speaker of an initiative to bridge Filipino-American literature and our community . The highly publicized event , with promotional stops at the National Press Club , was peppered with song and dance performances , probably a necessary strategy to bring a reluctant Filipino audience to a literary event . The auditorium was full during the performances , but unfortunately emptied out during the readings and panels themselves .
Converting immigrant communities into literary markets can be very challenging and complicated . Literature is introduced to most Filipinos in an academic setting as a top-down imposition more akin to catholic penance than scholarship . We certainly do n't equate reading literature with our hedonistic attachment to dancing , singing , and eating pork . And if Filipinos do read a book , their colonial dictates will have them picking up a non-Filipino author . Ah , heartbreaking truths !
But surrender , my people , is not my Bataan . Our courtship continues until you open your doors . After all , the Philippines has kept my 13-year-old first novel alive ; and it is now doing the rounds of a new generation of readers . What works there can happen here . So below , I share with you my own five truths :
One , what 's good for the gander is good for the goslings . Many of you are raising children in America who will rarely get to read about their own culture in their K-12 schools . This is not the Philippines where Rizal 's Noli Me Tangere is pounded on our brains from childhood . Outside the comfort of your Filipino homes , your kids are required to read literature written for Americans of European origins . American history books barely mention the Philippines . Ever wonder why our youth go out of their way to vote for their Filipino-American peers on these TV reality shows ? Are they famished for mirror-image narratives ?
Two , mother knows best . When my first book came out , my mom gave a copy to all their friends and neighbors in Flip-town Jersey City , the way they shared their special leche flan . Try it , they said , you might just like it . Perfect is the day they read the book , but they asked them to spread the word anyway , like gossip . They know , the way I do , that the Filipino ingredient in these books brings the human experience a bit closer to the soul .
Three , 1 percent commitment . If 1 percent of four million or 40,000 Filipinos in the U.S. commit to buying a new Filipino-American book , we will be on our way to solidifying our presence in American letters and in our communities . One percent . Liken it to voting for a Filipino American Idol . It takes a village , indeed .
Four , self-preservation . Our stories are our culture . Fiction writers are our record keepers , our mythologists . We want to show our future progeny that we were once here . As America becomes more non-white , the Filipino-American diaspora will have to claim our space in these future multicultural villages . Who and where are these storytellers now ? For starters , here 's a list from Spot Philippines .
Literature is our archipelago of deeper meanings . It is pure , real . It is adobo for the soul . Kundiman for the heart . I dream of Filipino-American children growing up surrounded by many books , especially OUR books . I see a 10-year-old child reaching out to a shelf and pulling out Joseph O. Legaspi 's Imago . Let their soul rise with the words and imagery from the poem , Imagined Love Poem to My Mother From My Father :
Did n't you hear the fish mouthing my words/ as you were salting it : Do unto me , the spy/ up on the thick fruit tree , as you have done/ unto the milkfish ? One day I hope/ to recite for you these verses/ and in my voice you will hear , / from across the oceans surrounding/ the archipelago , as if reverberated through/ the ages , the voice of our future son .
Your storyteller ,
Hubbard , Ohio Mayor Richard Keenan wants you to know that they really , really loves Jesus .
Keenan said the opportunity for government service should make officials want to do their best . “ It 's not about me … it 's about serving the people , ” they said . Keenan also brings another element to the office . “ I 'm a Christian . Dedicating my life to Jesus has changed my life , ” they said . “ Do n't preach it , but live it ” is a practice they take to heart . That idea is wrapped up in wanting the best for their town .
Wait . Sorry . That 's from 2010 , when Keenan was sworn in as mayor , a position they held for two years .
What 's the proud Christian up to now ?
Apparently blaming a four-year-old girl for all those times they molested and raped them over the course of three years , calling them a “ willing participant ” and suggesting that they initiated it .
According to the filing by Assistant Prosecutor Gabriel Wildman , Keenan , 65 , made the admissions to their wife , a pastor , a social worker and their brother and sister-in-law . … It states that after Keenan voluntarily admitted themselves into a Warren psychiatric facility after their release from Trumbull , they told a social worker “ he was feeling suicidal because they had been molesting the child victim for approximately the past two years. ” It states that during those discussions , Keenan blamed the victim for initiating the acts and called them a “ willing participant . ”
Do n't worry , everyone . I 'm sure they are n't a True Christian™ when they were raping them
Wonkette 's Robyn Pennacchia explains the possible obstacle in this case :
Yeah , you sure would think that with alllllllll of that confessin ' that Keenan would not have the balls to say he 's not guilty , but apparently they do ! Because some of those confessions could be considered privileged , prosecutors may have trouble getting them into evidence . In Ohio , however , if a spouse wants to testify against their partner , they are allowed to do so . And for some reason , I 'm not too sure that Diane is going to decline . I sure as hell would n't . Someone who thinks a 4-year-old is seducing them is probably not someone you wan na be married to or protect .
Let 's hope their wife does the right thing .
Keenan , who pleads not guilty to the charges despite their confession , will begin their trial next April . He 's currently free on $ 75,000 bond . Jesus still loves him .
Shots fired during funeral of alleged Houston gang member
Gunfire was exchanged at a church on Saturday afternoon during a reputed gang leader 's funeral service , leaving the hundreds in attendance panicked .
An off-duty officer attending the service ducked outside to return fire after a occupant of a gray Buick fired shots outside Gloryland Missionary Baptist Church in the 7400 block of Coffee Street , said HPD spokesperson Jodi Silva .
Houston Police Officer N. Solomon , who has been on the force less than a year , will be placed on three-day administrative paid leave , as is standard practice in an officer-involved shooting , Silva said .
The suspects fled in the Buick , which was found abandoned nearby in the neighborhood , they said .
The funeral was for Robert Batiste , 30 , who was shot to death Aug. 8 in the 7000 block of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard .
Activist Quanell X , who spoke at the funeral , said Batiste was a gang leader and had been shot by members of a rival gang . They said the shots fired Saturday were also the result of gang tension , but Silva did not confirm that .
`` It 's too early to know if it was gang-related , '' they said .
Quanell said they had told an HPD sergeant and lieutenant that rival gang members had threatened to `` shoot up the church , '' and they had assured them there would be a strong police presence at the funeral .
When they arrived shortly before 11 a.m. , they said they saw only one marked police car .
`` They lied , '' they said . `` They put innocent lives in danger . ''
When the first shots were fired , Quanell said there was panic inside the church , and some young men in the congregation took out their own weapons , they said .
Silva , however , said there was no evidence of injuries or property damage .
Two or more HPD officers were posted outside the church and pursued the Buick after the shots were fired , they said .
carol.christian @ chron.com
Fresh out of 12+ years of high-end public education in Canada I had learned two ( and a half ) things about education . These two bits of information are relevant for understanding the closely related problems of poor academic performance and school violence .
1 ) Education means going to a school where bundles of knowledge are presented to students who are compelled by law ( and subsidy , but I figured that out later ) to be there . This learning occurs while sitting quietly at desks in rows , listening patiently to a teacher ( most of whom genuinely care ) teaching a standardized curriculum ( the best ! ) . Smart students will get good grades without much effort , “ dumb ” students will pass without much effort ( because they need that education to succeed it would be unfair to deny them their future ) .
1.5 ) Europe 's version of this system has higher standards and works better somehow .
2 ) The above I learned from experience and discussion with my peers , the following from watching discovery channel and in science class : all mammals learn by play fighting . Bear cubs gnaw on each other 's faces , squirrels chase each other , and in this constant movement they learn how to survive .
This second stylized fact about education points to a deep systemic cause for gruesome violence in schools . School is not the same thing as education . By confusing the two and establishing policy to dramatically increase schooling , we are essentially bear baiting teenagers and being left with predictable results .
Communication is often just the first challenge for children who stutter . Beating the emotional complications that can accompany stuttering can be a much greater obstacle .
“ A huge part of managing stuttering is dealing with all the attitudes and emotions that surround stuttering because kids often get negative reactions from other kids and adults , ” said Linda Hinderscheit , a clinical specialist of speech-language pathology at the University of Minnesota . “ So they learn to fear speaking situations , and it can really take a hit to their self-confidence and their self-esteem . ”
In order to help youth who stutter conquer those difficulties , Hinderscheit and Erin Bodner , another speech language pathologist who got their master 's degree at Minnesota , helped establish the University of Minnesota Kids Who Stutter ( UMKWS ) camp in 2009 .
The weeklong camp takes place in mid-June , right after the end of the academic year , and it has two sessions , one for third- through fifth-graders and one for middle school kids . The 10-15 children involved in each session get to go bowling , tour popular spots on campus such as The Raptor Center and the Weisman Art Museum , and participate in activities and discussions designed to boost their morale
“ They work on small-group activities that are centered around exploring their attitudes and emotions about stuttering . In that small group , they develop a skit that they put on for parents and other family members at the end of the week , ” Hinderscheit explained . “ They also do things like draw your stutter , where they can draw a picture about what their stuttering means to them . Then we post those during a reception as an art gallery .
“ One day we have a carnival on the front lawn of our building , and they tie-dye T-shirts , ” they added . “ They have an obstacle course , Goldy Gopher pays a visit , and we 'll make sno-cones . We wrap up each day with a large group discussion where again they are talking in a larger group with all the kids together about some aspects of being a kid who stutters . ”
On the final day of camp , the kids always go to McDonald 's and order their own meal . It may sound routine , but for the campers , it 's usually an exhilarating experience .
“ Some of the kids have never ordered food for themselves before , ” Hiderscheit said . “ They often say that it was an amazing experience for them to realize they could order for themselves and get the food they wanted . ”
The camp has developed into much more than a weeklong event too . The university started offshoots of the camp for teenagers and college students who stutter . When these groups meet , they tackle many of the social challenges unique to high school and college , like group projects , class presentations and meeting with professors .
Hinderscheit and Bodner serve as leaders for the UMKWS camp , but speech-language pathology graduate students chip in too by creating activities and directing small-group discussions . And their contribution to the camp could help further their area of study , Hinderscheit said .
“ I think what they get out of this experience is different from what SLP students have gotten historically , ” they explained . “ Our field has spent so much time concentrating on the speech that we really as a field have n't done justice to all of the emotions and attitudes that go along with being a person who stutters . I think it 's really good for students to get that experience and realize that it 's so much more than working on just the words that come out of the kids ' mouths . ”
In the end , it always comes back to the children . And Hinderscheit has seen through the kids ' words that this camp means the world to them .
“ I 've been a speech-language pathologist for over 30 years , ” Hinderscheit said . “ I 've been involved with stuttering in the past 15 years or so — and with this camp in the last eight — but it is the best thing I 've ever done professionally .
“ At the end of the camp , the kids are saying , ‘ This is the best camp ever . I 'm going to come again next year . ' It has really convinced me that this is a huge need in our profession … [ the kids ] need to meet other people to realize there are other people who are dealing with the same things they are , and there is a way to do that and still live a very happy , successful life . ”
By Jason Dorow
FILE - In this Dec. 2 , 2013 file photo , Amazon.com employees organize outbound packages at an Amazon.com Fulfillment Center on `` Cyber Monday '' the busiest online shopping day of the holiday season , in Phoenix . Buying things online could soon get pricier for many people after the U.S. Supreme Court 's decision Monday , Dec. 12 , 2016 not to get involved in a case that may lead to states collecting billions in lost sales taxes . The court opted not to hear a challenge to a Colorado law requiring internet retailers to notify customers and the state how much they owe in Colorado taxes . ( AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin , file )
DENVER ( AP ) -- In a story Dec. 12 about internet sales taxes , The Associated Press erroneously attributed a statement from the Data and Marketing Association . It should have been attributed to Emmett O'Keefe , a vice president with the group , not to spokesperson Mike Uehlein .
A corrected version of the story is below :
Colorado internet-tax case could change online shopping
States can require internet retailers to tell customers how much they owe in sales taxes thanks to a U.S. Supreme Court decision that could help officials recoup billions of dollars lost to online shopping
By KRISTEN WYATT
Associated Press
DENVER ( AP ) -- Buying things online could get pricier after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected a case Monday that could ultimately lead to states collecting billions of dollars in sales taxes lost to increasingly popular internet retailers .
The court would not hear a challenge to a Colorado law requiring online sellers such as Amazon.com to notify customers and the state how much they owe in taxes . State officials have estimated that Colorado alone has been missing out on as much as $ 172.7 million a year .
At least three other states — Louisiana , Oklahoma and Vermont — have passed similar laws that could take effect given the resolution of the Colorado case .
Though the court did n't endorse Colorado 's law and could even weigh in against it if given a different case , other states are likely to see Monday 's move as a green light to step up collection efforts . That comes despite a 1992 Supreme Court decision saying retailers must have a physical presence in a state before officials can make them collect sales tax .
Online shoppers always have owed state sales taxes on their purchases , but the rule has been widely ignored . States have spent years examining ways to capture those lost tax dollars , but their options are limited when the retailers are not based in the state .
So-called Amazon taxes that started in New York have not been adequate to fill the widening gap , said Mark Behlke , director of budget and tax policy for the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Sales taxes account for about a third of revenue in many states , more in those with no income taxes , such as Texas and Florida . And with online sales going up about 15 percent a year , states are increasingly feeling the effects of those taxes going unpaid .
The Colorado Legislature found a possible solution in 2010 when it passed a law requiring online retailers to notify customers to pay sales tax and report purchases to the state . That 's not the same as demanding tax payments from out-of-state retailers .
The Data and Marketing Association sued , and a federal judge put the law on hold in 2012 . A year later , a federal appeals court sided with Colorado . The association appealed to the nation 's highest court , arguing that the law would meddle in interstate commerce .
The marketing group said the Supreme Court 's refusal to hear the case could have far-reaching implications for online shoppers .
`` It will only encourage other states to adopt similar laws and regulations that are designed to put arbitrary burdens on out-of-state sellers , '' association vice president Emmett O'Keefe said in a statement .
Supporters of Colorado 's law agreed it sends a strong signal that reporting requirements do n't infringe on constitutional protections for interstate commerce .
`` This settles the issue , once and for all , that the 2010 law is constitutional , it was not an undue burden on business , '' said Tim Hoover , spokesperson for the Colorado Fiscal Institute , which supported the law .
George S. Isaacson , who represented the marketing group and teaches constitutional law at Bowdoin College , said the high court may simply be waiting to see more states copy Colorado .
`` Colorado was the first state to pass such a law , and the Supreme Court may be waiting to see how other state legislatures and lower courts deal with this type of highly controversial state legislation before addressing the constitutional issues , '' Isaacson said in a statement .
___
Associated Press writer Sam Hananel in Washington contributed to this report .
___
Kristen Wyatt can be reached at http : //www.twitter.com/APkristenwyatt .
LONDON , Ont . – They thought the visitor had come to tell them that warning lights and gates were about to be installed at the rail crossing where their son John 's truck collided with a train two years ago .
They thought it might be a friend , offering comfort as the anniversary of their death nears .
Instead , Sharon Jobson was hit with a $ 500,000 lawsuit Tuesday for damage and inconvenience their son 's fatal crash caused railway giant CN Rail .
`` I could n't believe it . I was shocked , '' the London-area woman said .
The lawsuit has sparked outrage among their friends on Facebook — some calling it `` callous , '' sickening '' and a `` money-grab . '' The posts include one from the sister of Gloyde Mills , who died at the same crossing 13 years earlier .
The CNR lawsuit alleges John Jobson , 22 , was negligent when they did n't stop their pickup truck at the Pratt Siding crossing near Glencoe , Ont. , on July 29 , 2011 . They collided with a westbound Via train , which derailed . Six of the 116 people aboard were injured .
The young farmer died in hospital six days later .
Their mother , Sharon Jobson , has since campaigned for full lights , gates and bells at the double-track crossing and at several similar crossings where others have died or been hurt .
They won part of that battle — Transport Canada , CNR and Southwest Middlesex all approved and budgeted for the $ 400,000 improvement this year — and the safety equipment has been delivered to the township . Installation is expected within days .
A Transportation Safety Board report that said Jobson 's truck did n't stop at the crossing also noted the crossing had non-standard warning signs , which were partly obscured by weeds . It also said the train 's horn was n't retrofitted to newer standards .
The CN lawsuit , though , says John Jobson was `` wholly responsible '' for the collision and Sharon Jobson , their executor , is their legal representative .
The suit alleges John was an incompetent driver who was speeding , should n't even have been driving , did n't stop at the stop sign nor heed the Via train horn , was inattentive and either did n't apply their brakes or did so too late .
It says CN `` incurred substantial expense '' to repair the tracks and extra expense from a bottleneck when the rail line had to be closed .
The allegations that have n't been proven in court .
CN would n't comment because the issue is in litigation .
The family has a lawyer , but they 'd decided not to sue CN for what they still believe to be a succession of unsafe , minimally-protected crossings in the area .
Sharon Jobson has 20 days to file a statement of defence and/or a counter-suit .
While the lawsuit 's timing might seem insensitive , it could be a function of regulation : Any lawsuit claiming wrongdoing in a death must be filed within two years of that fatality .
CN Rail , which operates one of North America 's largest rail networks , reported almost $ 10 billion in revenue last year .
Damages Via 's train incurred — the passenger line operates on CN tracks — or injuries to its passengers , are n't included in the lawsuit .
Unlike most METAL SUCKS readers , who I can tell by the quality of their laughable taste and idiotic opinions are newcomers to the metal scene , I have been a metalhead since 1989 . And one of the hardest parts of being an up-and-coming metalhead who is very enthusiastic ( but like most MS readers , knows very very little about metal ) , knows where to start . I mean , with so many bands and subgenres , how are u supposed to know which stuff to pirate ? ? Fortunately for u , in my 2+ decades of metal fandom I have formulated the following guide to our favorite genre ! Please feel free to print this out and hang it on the wall next to ur Star Wars dolls , fedora and collection of vintage horror VHSs .
DINOSAUR “ METAL ” /CLASSIC ROCK
IMO u can not even consider this metal , but I am including it here bc many ppl simply do not know any better and this is an opportunity for us expert metalheads to set the record straight . It is pretty simple : rule no 1 of metal is that it has to be HEAVY and there is nothing heavy at all about IRON MAIDEN , SAXON , TANKARD , etc . It sounds like stuff my unemployed uncle listens to while they paint their D & D figures lol .
FINAL GRADE : F
THRASH METAL
The thing with thrash is that most of the good bands who are labeled as “ thrash metal ” were rly as much or more hardcore as they were metal . I mean if u think about it SOD , MOD , RIPPING CORPSE , SUISIDAL TENDANCIES , ANTHRAX , EVILDEAD , SLAYER , sound a lot more like TERROR than IRON MAIDEN ( which makes them hardcore ) . The other problem with thrash is the lulzy , high-pitched vocals which made bands like HOLY TERROR or TOXIK who might have been good sound like a sarcastic Jack Black joke .
FINAL GRADE : D
If u do n't like MORTAL DECAY , ur not my friend ! ! ! ! !
OLD-SCHOOL DEATH METAL
The thing with OSDM is that u have to make sure ur listening to the right bands . Unfortunately most of the ones that are popular these days are the crappy entry-level ones , so listen 2 the bands that I like ( not the ones that posers like ) and u will be in good shape . PYREXIA , INTERNAL BLEEDING , DIM MAK , old CRYPTOPSY , DEMOLITION HAMMER , SOLSTICE , the MALEVOLENT CREATION album where they say the n-word , HEMDALE , and NUNSLAUGHTER are good . ENTOMBED , MORBID ANGEL , CARCASS , BOLT THROWER , and IMMOLATION are bad . U do not need to listen to those bands , trust me . imo they should be banned from Spotify and youtube so nobody hears them .
FINAL GRADE : A+ ( as long as u listen to the right bands )
The beginning of this song where they say “ GO ! ” is cool because it reminds me of late 80s NYHC but then it gets boring like :15 later and i 'm just like smh what a waste of a sweet intro
MELODIC DEATH METAL
Am i the only one who thinks that “ melodic death metal ” is the most hilariously moronic oxymoron of all time ? ! METAL = HEAVY . MELODY = NOT HEAVY . The two do not mix ! ! ! If I want melody i will listen to ALL-TIME LOW or NEVERSHOUTNEVER . Fuckin lol @ an entire genre in which ur judged by how good you 're at copying AT THE GATES .
FINAL GRADE : F
BLACK METAL
As u can tell by the “ song ” above , the appeal of black metal is based purely on image/marketing . Which is why I think it is so funny that BM fans are always the first 2 get up on their high horse about scene kids being into bands based on image . In conclusion , I do not think this subgenre is good at all and imo it should be banned from this blog effective immediately ( Vince , Axl , I am looking at u here ) .
FINAL GRADE : F
( ps- “ BM ” is also used as an abbreviation for “ bowel movement , ” or poop )
this song is about the red baron . u know , the historical character that Snoopy would imitate sometimes
POWER METAL
Just lol @ listening to this crap if you 're older than 11 . Even bigger lol @ how much currency this stuff has in Europe , and how seriously Europeans take themselves . this genre should also be banned .
FINAL GRADE : F-
GRINDCORE
While this genre of music is objectively awful , I will admit that sometimes it is fun to listen to MEATSHITS , GUT , COCK N BALL TORTURE , etc and giggle at how many swears and grose words they use in their song titles . That is the only thing keeping it from an F. And at least it 's better than IRON MAIDEN !
FINAL GRADE : D-
NEO-THRASH
LOL @ dressing up in costumes and acting like ur in 1985 ‘ having the party of a lifetime ' when in reality ur a sweaty overweight dork playing shows to 25 other losers who think ARTILLERY is the pinnacle of recorded music . Basically the same thing as those weird weeaboo kids who hang out in the food court playing pokeyman in Akatsuki cloaks and updating their Deviantart pages , only with Slayer costumes instead of Bleach ones .
FINAL GRADE : F-
if i had 2 picks a band for teh single worst metal band of all time , i think it would be JUNGLE ROT . i mean , they make HATE ETERNAL seem fresh and innovative ! !
BRUTAL DEATH METAL
For the sake of brevity , I am including both brutal technical death metal or technical brutal death metal under this heading , although obviously any REAL metaller knows that there is a world of difference between the two . I mean , if u think that DISGORGE and VOMIT THE SOUL sound anything alike , i do n't even know what to say lol . Maybe get ur hearing checked because ur probably old and clueless .
FINAL GRADE : D
DJENT aka “ nu-metal with solos ”
While on the 1 hand its funny how everybody in this genre buys a $ 2000 8 or 9-string guitar only to write nu-metal riffs that only use teh bottom string , on the other hand if you kind of tune out the solos and other lame parts , sometimes it kind of sounds like metalcore . imo it would be best to avoid this genre altogether unless u want to remain a virgin for life but hey , it 's a free country and i can not tell u what to do .
FINAL GRADE : D
VEST METAL/TRENDY HIPSTER SHIT
If u listen to DEAFHAVEN , KVELERTAK , SUNN O ) ) , BORIS , or any band that comes up in “ related artists ” for them on Spotify , ur a poser . U probably buy cassettes lol . This is not even debatable lol , just go away and let us REAL metalheads listen to the first two DEMOLITION HAMMER albums in peace while you polish ur Star Wars dolls and MOTORHEAD vinyl .
FINAL GRADE : F-
With Kansas City coming off two back-to-back World Series appearances , baseball fervor in the Midwestern market this weekend is higher than usual for the hometown Royal 's opening game on Sunday . To engage with such spirit , Kansas City ad agency VML created a baseball embedded with a computer chip as a digital memento that is also a nonprofit campaign .
To support the Kansas City MLB Urban Youth Academy—an organization that gives kids access to education and career resources—VML worked with the city 's Mayor Sly James and a few members of Kansas City 's board on urban youth academy to create a pro bono campaign that kicks off during the Royals ' ballgame Sunday night against the New York Mets .
That evening , 2,500 folks are forming a single-file line that snakes through Union Station and downtown to Kauffman Stadium , where the Royals play , in the shape of the team 's crown logo . Each person in line is making a donation for at least $ 1 to the Kansas City MLB Urban Youth Academy and will pass the smart baseball to the person next to them until it ends up at the stadium to be used for the game 's ceremonial first pitch .
A website lets those not attending the event add 140-character messages to the ball—for instance , about what baseball means to them or well wishes for a good cause—in exchange for making a $ 1 or more donation to the Kansas City MLB Urban Youth Academy .
According to Tony Snethen , VML 's executive creative director , the computer chip is capable of storing 100,000 to 200,000 pieces of text .
`` It will be stored inside this baseball forever—we 're looking at it like a digital , physical time capsule , '' Snethen said .
To create the baseball , VML tore open and carved out dozens of balls to find the right method to fit the computer chip inside while also keeping the ball 's original shape and weight . The agency even worked with a local leather company called Sandlot Goods to make sure the laces were stitched properly .
According to Snethen , the smart baseball is four grams ( or roughly .14 ounces ) heavier than the average baseball that weighs five to five-and-a-quarter ounces .
After the game , the ball will be put on display at the Royals ' Hall of Fame inside Kauffman Stadium . Using Wi-Fi , anyone at the museum can look at the messages stored in the ball on a smartphone .
`` Our hope is that while this was a Kansas City-focused thing , that we 're going to reach people all over the globe to take part in this , '' Snethen said . `` There are balls out there that track activity—like a basketball will track how many dribbles and movement—but we searched high and low and could n't find anything that was more message-based . This is not necessarily an activity tracker , it 's more of immortalizing messages in time , and we wanted it to be historical . ''
Mauro Icardi has scored 15 goals and set up eight in 22 Serie A appearances this season .
Mario Kempes has called for Mauro Icardi to be called into the Argentina national side , and said `` what they do [ off the pitch ] I do n't care at all . ''
Icardi has only represented their country once , with debate about whether their omission is due to having the likes of Lionel Messi , Sergio Aguero , Gonzalo Higuain and Paulo Dybala ahead of them or because of their off-field matters .
But Kempes , who won the World Cup with Argentina in 1978 , insists Icardi 's form for Inter Milan is enough to warrant a call-up .
`` I think Icardi deserved to be part of the Argentina national team a long time ago , '' Kempes told ESPN FC Radio in Argentina . `` Higuain is doing very well , but just with Juventus . He 's not scoring goals with Argentina . And 'Kun ' Aguero , who is not playing very well now , is a similar case .
`` There is no more players in that position , because Dybala comes from the second line [ behind the strikers ] . On the field Icardi always does a good job , what they do off it , I do n't care at all . What I do care is what they do for my team on the pitch . ''
They added : `` Even though Inter is not playing well right now , Icardi keeps scoring goals and the team made them captain . ''
Kempes said reports that Icardi 's omission may be partly down to other players not welcoming their inclusion is not a valid reason to ignore them if they are in form .
`` I think players of the national team are not entitled to make an opinion about who is making the team and who is not , '' they said . `` At least in my days it was like that . Today they seem to be the ones deciding about the roster . ''
Argentina is outside the automatic qualification spots for the 2018 World Cup , but Kempes is hopeful they can improve and confirm their participation .
`` There is some concern , '' they said . `` But with a lot of games still to play , there is hope . I think the qualification is not easy , not because the other teams are better , but because Argentina is not playing well . There are players on a very low level and that shows in the performance of the team .
`` Argentina is a powerhouse in soccer . [ Their current predicament ] is a shame . Everybody says [ Argentine Football Association ] is ruined but at the same time all the soccer executives are trying to occupy the main seat there . It is unfortunate . ''
Follow @ ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates .
The ensuing political turmoil has raised questions about the ability of the government of Prime Minister Brian Cowen to secure backing for the austerity package when it is presented to Parliament on Dec. 7 . The coalition government was weakened last week by a split between the Fianna Fail party , which Mr. Cowen leads , and its main coalition partner , the Green Party , and a stunning loss by Fianna Fail in an election on Friday for a parliamentary seat that reduced the government majority to two .
The mostly peaceful and restrained nature of the protests on Saturday was one indication that the unrest may not lead to confrontations in the streets , as some have feared . On a bitterly cold day , organizers put the turnout at 100,000 . The police estimated 50,000 , still one of the largest protest gatherings in years .
Organizers had called for a “ family friendly ” demonstration , and the occasion passed with few incidents , apart from isolated scuffles between demonstrators and the police . With a police helicopter hovering overhead , speeches at the post office building drew cheers and shouts of support , and the detonation of some fireworks .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The restrained mood was enhanced by musical groups that performed along the way , including a kilted pipe band from the country 's prison service . Protesters waved banners that depicted the austerity measures as an attack on the country 's sovereignty by the international financial institutions drawing up the rescue package , and on the poor .
“ Everything 's collapsing , ” one woman said .
An older man placed blame for the crisis on the Cowen government , for failing to rein in the runaway property speculation that left Ireland 's banks with a mountain of bad debt now borne by the taxpayers . “ The government has robbed us , ” they said . “ They 've destroyed the country that we 've built up over a number of years . They 've just destroyed it . ”
The anger of many speakers , and among the protesters , appeared to fall about equally on the Cowen government and on the international financial institutions working out the details of the rescue package . Officials in Brussels , where European finance ministers were meeting Saturday to discuss the package , said it could be confirmed with an announcement on Sunday .
But if the government could take some encouragement from the orderly nature of the protests , its wider political prospects remained deeply uncertain . Fianna Fail 's share of the vote in the election last week , in Donegal , fell to 21 percent from 51 percent in the general election of 2007 . The seat was won by Sinn Fein , a historical rival of Fianna Fail dating from the struggle for independence nearly a century ago , but a marginal force in the republic 's politics in recent decades .
Although by-elections are regarded as unreliable bellwethers of voting patterns in general elections , the Donegal result was a further pointer to what many Irish political commentators expect to be a harsh loss for Fianna Fail in a general election that Mr. Cowen has indicated they will call for February or March .
In the meantime , the prime minister has rejected calls for theirs or the government 's resignation . They have said they intend to see the rescue package and the austerity program approved by Parliament before calling an election , the reverse of what Sinn Fein , among other groups , has demanded .
CLOSE Jefferson Graham reviews the TiVo Bolt , an all-in-one DVR + streaming device on # TalkingTech . By Jefferson Graham
TiVo Bolt is a combo DVR , streaming media device and replacement for your cable box . ( Photo11 : TiVo )
MANHATTAN BEACH , Calif. — TiVo Bolt is a DVR . It 's a media-streaming device . It 's a replacement for your cable box .
It 's actually all of those , as well as a pricey all-in-one unit geared toward the TV lover in a big way .
After spending several weeks watching , recording and finding programming via Bolt , I never want to go back to renting my Verizon FIOS set-top box again . And unlike the new ( and less expensive ) Apple TV , or other streaming boxes from Roku and Amazon , the Bolt offers a major consumer plus . You do n't have to change the TV input settings to bring on the streaming . Everything is tied together .
TiVo imagines a world in which broadcast , cable TV and streaming media apps like Netflix and Amazon Prime all live in one universe , and if you were to search for a TV series like Big Bang Theory on the Bolt , you 'll find entries for CBS , local syndication or streaming on Amazon Prime .
TiVo 's program guide is more viewer-friendly than what I get on my cable box , it 's easier to read and more colorful , and finding my taped shows takes fewer clicks than with cable .
TiVo threw in a bunch of fun features to sweeten the deal . A “ skip ” button automatically jumps over commercials , taking you from the first segment of the show to the second . It 's a total blast . Fine print alert , though : `` skip '' only works on 20 channels , the broadcast networks and selected cable channels such as AMC , Food Network and Comedy Central , and with shows that have aired from 4 p.m. to midnight .
It was n't that long ago that the broadcast networks were up in arms about technology like this , when the Dish Network introduced the `` Hopper '' to skip ads . But with TiVo 's `` skip , '' there has been barely a peep . To access the feature with TiVo , you need to look for the `` SKIP '' tag on your recorded show , and then once it starts , hit the D button on the remote .
TiVo 's remote ( Photo11 : TiVo )
Via TiVo 's terrific smartphone app for Apple and Android devices , you can watch recorded shows on your device within your home network , or just use it as a remote to change channels and adjust volume .
Like streaming boxes from Apple , Roku and others , the Bolt has a collection of entertainment apps — including Netflix , Amazon Prime , Vudu and others , but the offerings are skimpy compared to others . TiVo says other apps will be joining the lineup , including HuluPlus and potentially HBO Now .
Unlike the new Apple TV , the Bolt can show programming that 's been presented in ultra-high definition 4K via the Netflix and Amazon Prime apps .
One feature TV lovers should get a kick out of is TiVo 's suggestions . Once you start recording shows , TiVo begins to figure out your tastes and records other shows . For instance , once I asked TiVo to record every episode of Late Night with Stephen Colbert , it also added the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon and The Daily Show . ( Not that I specifically wanted them , but what the heck . They 're nice to have . ) But what if you buy the entry-level $ 300 unit with 500 GB storage and do n't want these shows clogging up your hard drive ? TiVo says not to worry — your suggested shows will be deleted first when TiVo looks to make room for the shows you go out to record .
Finally , let 's look at price . The Bolt starts at $ 300 , but includes one free year of Tivo service , which is $ 15 per month .
Still , that 's twice as much as an Apple TV or about three times the cost of a Roku .
Those boxes , of course , ca n't record shows or give you a guide to what 's playing on TV .
In this day and age of on-demand streaming , do we still need program guides and DVRs ?
There 's a lot that can be watched at one click . But there 's still plenty that ca n't always be seen this way , such as complete newscasts , sporting events and shows like the asupervisorstioned Daily Show or Late Show .
I like having a DVR and really like the commercial skipper . Plus I love the idea of replacing a cable box with a unit that is n't owned by Verizon .
It 's not cutting the cord , but shaving it a bit .
I give Verizon $ 420 yearly to rent two set-top DVR boxes . But with the Bolt , I was able to request a “ CableCard , ” which continued to give me service without having to rent Verizon 's equipment .
My $ 420 got whacked down to $ 120 a year — $ 5 a month for each card and now the bottom line is a yearly savings of $ 150 .
Spoiler alert : Cable companies are notorious for being tough to deal with when the `` CableCard '' is requested , and my experience was no different . It took many calls , tweets and eventually two visits to make it work for simply inserting a card in a TiVo box . But Verizon had to activate it .
With the CableCard finally installed and TiVo Bolt running the show , TV is more enjoyable , I do n't have to change the TV input to go back and forth between cable and the streaming box . And I 'm sending Verizon less money .
What 's not to like about that ?
Follow Jefferson Graham on Twitter @ jeffersongraham .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1MyU6dX
Senators went into a recess skeptical over whether they could agree to legislation repealing and replacing ObamaCare .
They will return on Monday more doubtful than ever .
Sen. Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller 's investigation MORE ( R-N.C. ) , one of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE 's ( R-Ky. ) most loyal allies , said Thursday that it 's “ unlikely ” the GOP will get a healthcare deal .
“ I do n't see a comprehensive healthcare plan this year , ” they told a local news station .
Senate Republicans hoped to have a draft bill this week , but it now looks like there will at best be an outline .
ADVERTISEMENT
A Senate Republican aide said it 's too early to begin drafting legislation that can come to the floor in the next few weeks .
“ Parameters are more likely , ” said the aide , who explained that McConnell wants to keep the details held closely so the legislation does n't get picked apart before lawmakers have a chance to consider it carefully .
“ The last thing we want to do is litigate this in the press , ” the aide said . “ We want to discuss parameters and concepts without releasing a draft . ”
“ Maybe they can start talking to members about a specific product next week , but I would not be surprised if we do n't , ” said another Senate GOP aide .
More unhelpful news came in the form of a Kaiser Family Foundation poll underscoring how unpopular the bill approved by the House is .
It found that three-quarters of Americans surveyed think the House bill does not fulfill President Trump 's promises on healthcare .
A full 82 percent said federal funding for ObamaCare 's expansion of Medicaid should be continued , an issue that deeply divides the Senate GOP . The House bill ends the ObamaCare funds in 2020 .
Yet another factor for Republicans is Trump 's approval rating , which has fallen to its lowest point with Republicans since they took office in the latest Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll .
Republicans already had sought to lower expectations .
McConnell conceded last week that , “ I do n't know how we get to 50 [ votes ] at the moment . ”
They sounded more optimistic about passing major tax reform legislation , rating its chances as “ pretty good . ”
Republicans control 52 seats and can afford only two defections from their ranks . Vice President Pence could cast the deciding vote in case of a 50-50 tie .
The Senate GOP has n't given up hope on healthcare and faces tremendous pressure from the White House and House Republicans to hold a vote .
Republicans for years have promised to repeal ObamaCare , so failure would be a major blow . They also face pressure to finish their work on healthcare because of the tax reform push .
The GOP is using special budgetary rules to prevent Democrats from filibustering legislation on tax reform and healthcare .
Republicans ca n't move to tax reform until the healthcare debate is finished because once they pass a new budget resolution that would allow them to move tax legislation with 51 votes , they will lose the vehicle set up to enable a healthcare bill that would circumvent a Democratic filibuster .
Those on a special 13-member working group have heard very little about the drafting efforts that were supposed to take place over the recess .
Senate Budget Committee Chairman Mike Enzi Michael ( Mike ) Bradley EnziWill Senate GOP try to pass a budget this year ? Presumptive benefits to Blue Water Navy veterans are a major win If single payer were really a bargain , supporters like Rep. John Yarmuth would be upfront about its cost MORE ( R-Wyo . ) was to provide the framework in consultation with GOP leaders and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in their honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation their version of power grab MORE ( R-Utah ) .
A major sticking point in the Senate is Medicaid . The House bill would cut nearly $ 900 billion from the program and cap the federal contribution for expanded enrollment in that program by 2020 .
Several Republican governors from Medicaid expansion states , led by Govs . John Kasich ( Ohio ) and Rick Snyder ( Mich. ) , earlier this year came out against the House bill , warning that it failed to provide adequate resources .
Sen . Rob Portman Robert ( Rob ) Jones PortmanAddressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win Texas senator introduces bill to produce coin honoring Bushes GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE ( R-Ohio ) said they want a more gradual “ glide path ” for capping the expansion , an idea not popular with conservatives .
Twenty Republican senators , including Portman , represent states that opted to expand Medicaid , and many of them worry that cutting federal funding will cause significant budget problems at home .
But another group of GOP governors , primarily from states that opted out of the Medicaid expansion , want to end federal support for the expansion .
Senators are divided as well over proposals to limit federal assistance for health insurance subsidies , which would hit older , low-income Americans disproportionately .
McConnell has n't set a deadline for passing the ObamaCare repeal-and-replace bill , but they have indicated concern about the debate dragging on for months , which could imperil tax reform .
“ We ca n't take forever , ” they told Bloomberg TV last month .
By raising doubts about the possibility of getting a deal that musters 51 votes , the GOP leader is putting pressure on their colleagues to either come together or move on before the August recess .
McConnell has told colleagues that the 13-member working group will put together a bill and that they will bring it to the floor for a vote , but they have stopped short of promising that it will pass — in contrast to Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe 's allegations against Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE ( R-Wis. ) , who earlier this year guaranteed that the House bill would pass .
If the Senate bill fails on the floor , McConnell is likely to declare the GOP conference has worked its will and move on .
Even as the House voted to narrowly pass the House 's American Health Care Act last month , there was already strong pessimism among Senate Republicans about the chances of putting together a comprehensive package in the upper chamber .
A senior GOP senator at the time said the chances of getting 51 votes for legislation based on the House healthcare bill were less than 1 in 5 .
When House Republicans debated healthcare reform earlier this year , some of their Senate colleagues said privately that they thought it might be better if the legislation died in the lower chamber .
Ever since the movie Transcendence came out , it seems like the idea of the ‘ technological singularity ‘ has been in the air . Maybe it 's because I run in an unorthodox circle of deep thinkers , but over the past couple months , I 've been roped into three conversations related to this topic . The conversations usually end with some version of “ ah shucks , machine learning is developing at a fast rate , so we are all doomed . And have you seen those deep learning videos ? Computers are learning to play 35 year old video games ? ! Put this on an exponential trend and we are D00M3d ! ”
So what is the technological singularity ? My personal translation is : are we on the verge of narcissistic flesh-eating robots stealing our lunch money while we commute to the ‘ special school for slow sapiens ' ?
This is an especially hyperbolic view , and I want to be clear to distinguish ‘ machine learning ‘ from ‘ artificial consciousness . ' The former seems poised for explosive growth but the latter seems to require breakthroughs in our understanding of the fundamental science . The two concepts are often equated when defining the singularity , or even artificial intelligence , but I think it 's important to distinguish these two concepts . Without distinguishing them , people sometimes make the faulty association : machine_learning_progress= > AI_progress= > artificial_consciousness_progress .
I 'm generally an optimistic person , but on this topic , I 'm especially optimistic about humanity 's status as machine overlords for at least the next ~100 years . Why am I so optimistic ? Quantum information ( QI ) theory has a secret weapon . And that secret weapon is obviously Scott Aaronson ( and their brilliant friends+colleagues+sidekicks ; especially Alex Arkhipov in this case . ) Over the past few years they have done absolutely stunning work related to understanding the computational complexity of linear optics . They colloquially call this work Boson sampling .
What I 'm about to say is probably extremely obvious to most people in the QI community , but I 've had conversations with exquisitely well educated people–including a Nobel Laureate–and very few people outside of QI seem to be aware of Aaronson and Arkhipov 's ( AA 's ) results . Here 's a thought experiment : does a computer have all the hardware required to simulate the human brain ? For a long time , many people thought yes , and they even created a more general hypothesis called the “ extended Church-Turring hypothesis . ”
An interdisciplinary group of scientists has long speculated that quantum mechanics may stand as an obstruction towards this hypothesis . In particular , it 's believed that quantum computers would be able to efficiently solve some problems that are hard for a classical computer . These results led people , possibly Roger Penrose most notably , to speculate that consciousness may leverage these quantum effects . However , for many years , there was a huge gap between quantum experiments and the biology of the human brain . If I ever broached this topic at a dinner party , my biologist friends would retort : “ but the brain is warm and wet , good luck managing decoherence. ” And this seems to be a valid argument against the brain as a universal quantum computer . However , one of AA 's many breakthroughs is that they paved the way towards showing that a rather elementary physical system can gain speed-ups on certain classes of problems over classical computers . Maybe the human brain has a Boson sampling module ?
More specifically , AA 's physical setup involves being able to : generate identical photons ; send them through a network of beamsplitters , phase shifters and mirrors ; and then count the number of photons in each mode through ‘ nonadaptive ' measurements . This setup computes the permanent of a matrix , which is known to be a hard problem classically . AA showed that if there exists a polynomial-time classical algorithm which samples from the same probability distribution , then the polynomial hierarchy would collapse to the third level ( this last statement would be very bad for theoretical computer science and therefore for humans ; ergo probably not true . ) I should also mention that when I learned the details of these results , during Scott 's lectures this past January at the Israeli Insitute of Advanced Studies ' Winter School in Theoretical Physics , that there was one step in the proof which was not rigorous . Namely , they rely on a conjecture in random matrix theory–but at least they have simulations indicating the conjecture should be true .
Nitty gritty details aside , I find the possibility that this simple system is gaining a classical speed-up compelling in the conversation about consciousness . Especially considering that finding permanents is actually useful for some combinatorics problems . When you combine this with Nature 's mischievous manner of finding ways to use the tools available to it , it seems plausible to me that the brain is using something like Boson sampling for at least one non-trivial task towards consciousness . If not Boson sampling , then maybe ‘ Fermion smashing ' or ‘ minimal surface finding ' or some other crackpottery words I 'm coming up with on the fly . The point is , this result opens a can of worms .
AA 's results have bred new life into my optimism towards humanity 's ability to rule the lands and interwebs for at least the next few decades . Or until some brilliant computer scientist proves that human consciousness is in P. If nothing else , it 's a fun topic for wild dinner party speculation .
If content is king , design should be the queen . It 's a deadly crucial element to a website 's success , as it decides how content is to be structured and displayed , and bad design simply ruins the user experience , thus dooming the site traffic .
Often we web designer has to play trading game while we 're designing a website . We either trade beauty for functionality , or functionality for readability , as it 's impossible to produce a design that pleases everyone in every aspect .
So which design is better then ? Web designers love to ask this question , and some even challenged themselves to play the trading game better by redesign famous sites such as Facebook and YouTube , thus forming potential designs in this showcase post . Better or worse , you as an user decides it , enjoy !
Facebook
According to its official statistic , Facebook has served more than 500 million active users , with 700 billion minutes spent on it . For this kind of statistic it will be really stressful to design a web page for it . It might also be the same reason why so many designers challenged themselves to redesign the Facebook . Let us take a view of several great attempts from designers below :
Concept design By : Barton Smith
“ The Facebook Facelift is a self initiated project to challenge the form and functionality of Facebook . It 's streamlined , structured and linear interface is more comprehensible , enhancing the user experience and absorb-ability of content . ”
Main Page . ( Image Source : Barton Smith )
Photos Page . ( Image Source : Barton Smith )
Events Page . ( Image Source : Barton Smith )
Contacts Page . ( Image Source : Barton Smith )
Notifications Page . ( Image Source : Barton Smith )
Concept design By : Information Architects
This innovative design was born from December 2006 and later adapted to contemporary design standards , in order to have a fair comparison with Facebook 's current design . The idea was to create a mail-like application with interface that contains elastic 3 columns layout that clearly separates filter , information-stream , and reaction , which are clearly explained in their post .
Main Page . ( Image Source : Information Architects )
Concept design By : Justin Dauer
“ One of my primary goals was to move the interface toward more of a web app-type presentation . Facebook has around 175 million people log in daily ; all the repetitive tasks inherent in such usage are conducive to this form of approach . When I was wrapping this redesign up , Twitter 's new app-like UI launched , and gave me a moment of Stuart Smalley-like validation . ”
Main Page . ( Image Source : pseudoroom design )
Concept design By : Peter Knoll
A very sleek design by Peter Knoll . The graphic is greatly improved to make the entire site looks appealing and promising . The interface is also much cleaner with nice typography applied for good readability .
Main Page . ( Image Source : Peter Knoll )
Concept design By : AndasoloARTS
Facebook variation done by AndasoloARTS , it even gets sold ! The color scheme is pretty similar to Peter Knoll 's design , but overall it 's a different design . Again a very sleek design with minimalism in mind .
Main Page . ( Image Source : AndasoloARTS )
Concept design By : Jonaska
A design inspired from AndasoloARTS ' Facebook design , pretty unique too ! I like the implementation of status sharing and search box , a well-designed variation indeed .
Main Page . ( Image Source : Jonaska )
Concept design By : Czarny-Design
How about a sexy design with rounded corners elements ? A completely unique design approach for Facebook with slightly altered color scheme , can you accept it ?
Main Page . ( Image Source : Czarny-Design )
Myspace
Once the behemoth of social networking , Myspace was ultimately overtaken by its main competitor , Facebook . Rebranded as My_____ now , it aims to become the leading social entertainment destination which includes music , movies , celebs , TV and games , powered by the passion of fans . Designs below were attempted for the old Myspace , but it 's still great to have a look on what designer thinks Myspace should be .
Concept design By : Rafael Oliveira
“ What if Myspace had a more clear , defined and beautiful interface by default , but still with the option to personalize it , but in a more comprehensible way ? That 's the question I made myself when starting this , and it came out to be a cool project . Besides the visual design , I proposed some usability improvements , based on content that is already on the site , and looking at their sitemap . ”
Main Page . ( Image Source : Rafael Oliveira )
Channels Menu . ( Image Source : Rafael Oliveira )
Photos Page . ( Image Source : Rafael Oliveira )
Customized Profile Page . ( Image Source : Rafael Oliveira )
Artist Page . ( Image Source : Rafael Oliveira )
Artist Page – Customized . ( Image Source : Rafael Oliveira )
Videos Channel Page . ( Image Source : Rafael Oliveira )
Google
Processing over 1 billion search requests throughout the world , Google is the most famous website in the planet Earth . It 's also known as the kingdom that tries to dominate the internet by building user friendly products like Android , Gmail and Analytics . Since Google has lots of top-notch designers working on their website design , any redesign attempt is a direct challenge to their designers . Interesting .
Concept design By : Craig Reville
“ Since Google have decided to perhaps re-design things a little I thought I 'd have a go at how I want to see and use Google . I did n't go wild on the icons or the logo mainly because icon designers could do a better job and I like the logo simple like that . Any and all feedback appreciated . ”
Main Page . ( Image Source : Craig Reville )
Search Result Page . ( Image Source : Craig Reville )
Search Result Page – 2nd Concept . ( Image Source : Craig Reville )
Image Search Result Page . ( Image Source : Craig Reville )
Concept design By : FloxDesign
A little bit like Bing , but in a more epic way . Sincerely I want to have this ultimately awesome design for my Google main page , please .
Main Page . ( Image Source : FloxDesign )
YouTube
Ranked no.3 in global and no.4 in US site traffic , YouTube is a website to discover , watch , upload and share videos . Most content have been uploaded by individuals , but famous media like CBS , BBC , Vevo and Hulu have provided their own videos as part of the YouTube partnership program . Do you dare to redesign a site that 's being viewed more than 2 billion times a day ? They did it .
Concept design By : Michele Byrne
A sleek redesign which emphasizes more about video viewing and sharing . Unique approach is applied to this design , though the user interface is a bit similar to Vimeo . Great attempt anyway .
Main Page . ( Image Source : Michele Byrne )
Video Page . ( Image Source : Michele Byrne )
User Page . ( Image Source : Michele Byrne )
Video Info . ( Image Source : Michele Byrne )
Recommended Video . ( Image Source : Michele Byrne )
Concept design By : Josh Collie
“ One of my biggest gripes with YouTube over the years has been the inability to search for other videos whilst watching video , as well as reading comments without having the video scrolling off the top of the screen . The design below attempts to solve this issue by having 3 separately scrollable columns including search , video & comments . ”
Main Page . ( Image Source : Josh Collie )
User Page . ( Image Source : Josh Collie )
Concept design By : Thadeu Morgado
A redesign experiment for YouTube main page . The style is pretty much the same , except that the entire layout has been restructured , and a big , sleek slider is added to give more focus to featured videos .
Main Page . ( Image Source : Thadeu Morgado )
Amazon
Amazon went online in 1995 and now it became the multinational e-commerce company which contains the biggest selection of books , magazines , music , DVDs , electronic , computer , software , shoes , virtually everything ! Because they 're having such a huge business , designers worldwide have been challenging themselves on improving the design to make it even more beautiful and of course , user friendly .
Concept design By : Trevor Cleveland
“ I wanted to explore three unique concepts for the redesign of Amazon 's homepage above the fold . Amazon is one of the leading online shopping sites , but their fluid homepage design is set for monitor sizes with small dimensions , leaving the site to look very gappy on much newer computers with higher resolutions . So I wanted to present three ideas to bring Amazon up to speed . ”
First Concept – Main Page . ( Image Source : Trevor Cleveland )
First Concept – Menu . ( Image Source : Trevor Cleveland )
Second Concept – Main Page . ( Image Source : Trevor Cleveland )
Second Concept – Menu . ( Image Source : Trevor Cleveland )
Third Concept – Main Page . ( Image Source : Trevor Cleveland )
Third Concept – Menu . ( Image Source : Trevor Cleveland )
Concept design By : Maurice Kindermann
There 's no redesign attempt if there 's no issue in the current design , Maurice Kindermann 's Amazon design is the best example for this case . Disappointed with Amazon 's current design , Maurice redesigned the page to solve three particular issues : over-extended screen resolution , fragmented buying option and flooded amount of content .
Main Page . ( Image Source : Maurice Kindermann )
IMDb
Claimed itself as the biggest , best , most award-winning movie site on the planet , IMDb ( Internet Movie Database ) is an online database of information related to movies , television shows , actors , production crew personnel , video games and fictional characters featured in visual entertainment media . Redesigning this site in a way that it shows information effectively will be a great challenge for web designers .
Concept design By : Vladimir Kudinov
“ Why do n't have the current IMDB design ? It is overloaded . Large amount of unstructured information . While most users of such sites pay attention mainly to the pictures , videos and more .
So I did a clean and sleek design . Here , the user receives a screen on which there is information about the film : photos , actors , trailers , storyline and more . They do not have to twist , twirl , to read . All that is needed – is to look at the screen . ”
Film Page . ( Image Source : Vladimir Kudinov )
Menu . ( Image Source : Vladimir Kudinov )
Player Pop Up Component . ( Image Source : Vladimir Kudinov )
Top Panel . ( Image Source : Vladimir Kudinov )
Concept design By : Rob Hendricks
“ It 's not hard to see why the current IMDB website is so cluttered . The fact is they have A LOT of content . Proper information architecture was key in changing this . ”
Main Page . ( Image Source : Rob Atomic )
Foursquare
With Foursquare , users are able to share their current location by “ checking in ” via a smartphone application or SMS , bookmarking information about venues and leaving relevant suggestion about nearby venues . Local merchants also utilize the Foursquare to engage and retain their customers . Redesigning for Foursquare is really challenging as it 's a completely unique service so more studies are needed .
Concept design By : Clay Parker Jones
Clay Parker Jones believes that a map is a real nifty addition to Foursquare 's user page as the service is all about location . Clicking on the map would collapse the informative stats with 4 different views available . Other add-ons to this page are feeds , likes , tips and suggestions , pretty much like a usual social network page !
User Page . ( Image Source : exitcreative )
Reflection
It does n't matter with the design , every user takes time to adapt the new design . The question is , as an user , do you wish to change to any of the design above , or you 're good with the current design ? Do you think these design solve your user experience issue ? I believe this design are made to receive your opinion , so feel free to share what you think about them , every opinion counts !
A person who claimed to be a “ financial forensic expert ” was the source of the false bank information on Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV and sold it to the Duterte administration , the senator said on Tuesday .
In their privilege speech , Trillanes said a certain Daniel “ Snooky ” Cruz , whom the senator said claimed to have access to any bank account in the world , sold the information to a Malacañang Palace official for P10 million .
“ Base sa ating bubwit , ay itong si Mr. Cruz ay ibinenta itong impormasyon na ito . Ginawa niya ito dati pa , or last year for that matter , ay nag-alok siya at nagbenta rin siya ng ganitong fake bank accounts diumano ni Sen. Leila de Lima at tingnan niyo ngayon ang pagkakaiba , ” Trillanes said , showing Cruz 's photo with President Rodrigo Duterte in Malacañang .
[ Based on our informant , Mr. Cruz sold this information . They had done this before , or last year for that matter , when they offered and sold this supposed fake bank accounts by Sen. Leila de Lima , and see the difference . ]
Trillanes said that the information was offered to a Cabinet official . But the deal did not push because some government found the information to be fake .
The senator said their alleged account and De Lima 's were similar – both were supposed to be in DBS Bank Alexandra branch in Singapore .
“ Hindi pa nadala itong si Mr. Snooky Cruz . Pinalitan lang niya yung ibang detalye at binenta ulit sa mga taga-Malacañang this time , ” Trillanes said .
[ Mr. Snooky Cruz was undaunted . They just changed some details and sold it again to Malacañang . ]
“ Ang aking impormasyon ay binenta niya ito ng umaabot ng P10 million . Pero ang benta raw actually , ang napunta kay Mr. Cruz , around P3 million . So may kumita na mga middlemen . Ewan ko na lang kung sino man yang mga kumita na yan , ” they added .
[ I have information that they sold it for P10 million . But actually only P3 million went to Mr. Cruz . So some middlemen earned something . I just do n't know who these people are . ]
Duterte earlier claimed that Trillanes had offshore bank accounts , but the senator immediately disputed it by flying to Singapore and checking with the bank involved . The DBS Bank Alexandra branch said no such accounts existed .
The President then said they only made up the information .
/atm
READ NEXT
Palace to Mabilog : It 's safe to come home
THE frightening image of a balaclava-clad Palestinian terrorist on the balcony at the 1972 Munich Olympic Games will live on in infamy .
The few images captured of the hostage situation were beamed around the world and conveyed a story of unprecedented evil . But what exactly happened in the room where 11 Israeli athletes were taken hostage has , until now , been largely shrouded in confusion and mystery .
Forty-three years after the horrific incident , the victim 's family members have spoken about their fight to uncover the facts of the massacre and decided to publicly share the grisly details .
‘ THEY CAME TO KILL '
The attack was carried out by a wing of the Palestinian Liberation Organisation called Black September which primarily orchestrated the siege in order to call for the release of 234 prisoners jailed in Israel .
Before sunrise on September 5 , eight men carrying duffel bags containing assault rifles , pistols and grenades scaled the fence into the athlete 's village and stormed the building were the Israelis slept .
In the following 20 hours a slow-motion nightmare unfolded for the German authorities that ended in a bungled rescue attempt as the world watched on in horror .
For the first time , gruesome details revealing the treatment of the Israeli athletes including the fact they were brutalised and even castrated , has come to light .
Wife of slain Israeli Olympian reveals grisly details of 1972 Munich attack 1:53 Ilana Romano , the wife of slain Islraeli weightlifter Yossef Romano , reveals the grisly details of what happened to their husband during the attack by Palestinian gunmen at the 1972 Munich Olympics . Vision courtesy : AP
Speaking to The New York Times , the widow of Israeli weightlifter Yossef Romano told of the cruel fate that befell their husband inside that room .
“ What they did is that they cut off their genitals through their underwear and abused him , ” Ilana Romano said .
“ Can you imagine the nine others sitting around tied up ? ” they said . “ They watched this . ”
The family members only began to learn of such details in 1992 after a long fight with the German government . They spoke out in an effort to get their loved ones the official recognition they believe they deserve .
Yossef Romano was shot early on in the siege as they tried to overpower the attackers and was left to bleed out before being castrated , their widow said .
Other hostages were beaten severely by their captors with a number of them suffering broken bones . A second member of the Israeli hostages was killed by the terror group in the residence while the other nine lost their lives during a botched ambush attempt at a nearby NATO air base from which the attackers had tried to negotiate their escape .
“ They said it was only because of the botched-up rescue operation at the airport that they killed the rest of the hostages , but it 's not true , ” Ankie Spitzer told the Times . Them husband , Andre , was a fencing coach at the Games and among those taken hostage .
“ They came to hurt people . They came to kill , ” they said .
It was two decades after the attack until German authorities admitted the existence of photos and documents that detailed the shocking brutality of the siege .
“ The moment I saw the photos , it was very painful , ” Ms Romano said .
“ I remembered until that day Yossef as a young man with a big smile . I remembered their dimples , until that moment ... at that moment , it erased the entire Yossi that I knew . ”
ACCUSATIONS OF A COVER UP
The victim 's family members only became privy to the documents out of a sheer stroke of luck .
Ms Spitzer went on German television in 1992 and lamented the little information provided to them about the final moments of their husband 's life .
“ We asked for more details , but we were told , over and over , there was nothing , ” Ms Spitzer said .
Following the appearance they received a call from a man who claimed to work for a German government agency with access to reports of the attack . The anonymous man sent their pages of police reports which they were able to use to strongarm the German government into admitting the existence of more , and eventually giving them up .
Confusion and uncertainty has always surrounded the details of the chaotic event . In the immediate wake of the tragedy , much of the focus and attention was on the failing of the German security officials in preventing and dealing with the attack .
The bodies of the victims were identified by family or friends in Munich following the attack but they were only shown pictures of their faces .
Adding to the mystery , as per Jewish custom , the bodies of the athletes were buried almost immediately following their return to Israel .
Accusations and theories of a 40-year cover up have continually dogged the German authorities in their handling of the incident .
In 2012 , German magazine Der Spiegelpublished a cover story in which they claimed the country 's intelligence officials received a tip-off three weeks prior to the Olympic Games that the Palestinian group were planning an attack . According to the article , in the wake of the attack the German Foreign Ministry privately enforced a decree among German officials that “ mutual incriminations must be avoided ” and there must be “ no self criticism ” .
The German authorities never officially commented on the reported tip-off .
In the lead up to the global sporting event , Germany was also seen to be keen to avoid appearing to be outwardly militaristic after the previous Olympic Games held in the country were used by Adolf Hitler to further their political agenda . But their concern over wanting to portray a softer image drew intense criticism from those who saw it as a reason behind the less-than-adequate security at the event .
But it was n't the end of Germany 's poor luck .
Five of the Palestinian attackers died in the shootout at the air base , while the remaining three were captured by German police and taken into custody .
They were being held in a Munich prison awaiting trial when on October 29 , Lufthansa Flight 615 was hijacked and threatened to be blown up if the Munich attackers were not released . The three remaining gunmen were immediately released by West Germany and received a whirlwind welcome mixed with praise and condemnation when they returned home to Libya .
SevereMMA today understands that a BAMMA lonsdale lightweight title fight between Rhys McKee and Chris Stringer is in the works for the upcoming Belfast card .
McKee currently holds the title following a stunning first round KO over Jai Herbert in December . The Northern Irishman is 5-0 as a pro with all five wins coming inside the distance .
McKee was due to face Myles Price on the same card before Price was forced to withdraw with a rib injury .
Their opponent , Stringer , is much more experienced with 21 career fights but only recently returned from a 3 year stint on the sidelines . In their comeback fight , Stringer lost out to former UFC fighter Paul Redmond in a valiant effort .
BAMMA Belfast takes place in the SSE Arena on February 24th and will again be a co-promotion with Bellator . Chris Fields vs. Liam McGeary and Norman Parke vs. Paul Redmond will headline the respective cards .
Update : BAMMA have confirmed the injury to Myles Price and that Chris Stringer will step in to face McKee as reported by SevereMMA
There are grave political risks for President Donald Trump now that the GOP health care bill is apparently dead . And its failure also creates a budget crunch that could make tax reform a whole lot harder to achieve .
Here 's why : The Congressional Budget Office estimates that government revenue will total $ 41.3 trillion over the next decade under current law . The latest version of the Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act would have reduced that income by nearly $ 1 trillion , because it would have gotten rid of taxes connected to Obamacare .
Right now , there are no calls to offset that lost money by finding other revenue sources — a task that is always politically charged . Instead , the now-dead GOP plan offset the reduction in revenue by cutting spending elsewhere .
Therefore , passing the GOP health care scheme would have reduced the amount of revenue the government needed from $ 41.3 trillion to $ 40.3 trillion — which is a much lower bar for Washington to clear .
The key thing to know is that the rhetoric around tax reform is very different from health care . House Speaker Paul Ryan and Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady have both said they are committed to maintaining `` revenue neutrality '' — that is , they do n't want changes in the tax code to result in a change in government revenue . That would have been a lot easier to do if they were trying to hit a revenue goal of $ 40 trillion instead of $ 41 trillion .
Nintendo of America 's Bill Trinen has hinted that Nintendo could produce Mario Maker style games for their existing franchises providing that the original game is a success when it launches sometime this year . Trinen says that Mr Tezuka is busy on the development side of things but the team at Nintendo are excited to see what the users create once the game is released .
We have nothing to announce on that now . Mr. ( Takashi ) Tezuka is working hard on Mario Maker and the game is progressing really nicely . I think it 's going to be a lot of fun seeing what people are able to do with the game when it comes out . During E3 , we had everyone from moms and kids to longtime Nintendo fans and newer folks who just got into gaming lately just having tons of fun with the way they 're able to create stages . Depending on how people react , we 'll see if the teams take a similar approach with other franchises .
ABBOTSFORD , B.C . — A British Columbia man charged with multiple offences after a video of a racist rant went viral has turned themselves into police .
Abbotsford police say 47-year-old Karry Corbett was taken into custody without incident on Friday .
Karry Corbett of Hope , B.C . was charged with assault , uttering threats , and causing a disturbance . ( Photo : Abbotsford Police )
An arrest warrant for the Hope , B.C. , man was issued on Monday .
Police have said Corbett has been charged with two counts of assault , one count of uttering threats and one count of causing a disturbance .
The charges follow an incident on Oct. 21 , where a man was captured on video hurling vulgar insults at two people in a parking lot .
In the video , a man in a truck raises their fist and declares a `` white power '' sentiment as they keep swearing .
Also on HuffPost
Caught on Tape : Dashcam captures video of police chase , deadly shooting
( CBS/AP ) AMES , Iowa - A 19-year-old man was fatally shot by police on the campus of Iowa State University after their father called authorities to report that the teen had stolen their truck , reports CBS affiliate KCCI .
Tyler Comstock , 19 , of Boone , was shot dead by Officer Adam McPherson , an 8-year-veteran of the department , at the end of an at-times high-speed pursuit through the city 's streets that ended on the college campus , reports the station .
The officer who shot the teen in Ames , Iowa Monday was cleared Thursday of wrongdoing , and the investigation was closed , reports the DeMoines Register .
A state 's attorney says the police officer who fatally shot the apparently unarmed man `` acted reasonably under very difficult circumstances and .... use of deadly force was justified , '' reported KCCI .
Tyler Comstock 's father , James Comstock , told the Des Moines Register they refused to buy their son a package of cigarettes , which angered them and started the incident . James Comstock had called police to report the stolen vehicle .
Comstock told the newspaper he 's outraged police shot their son . Other family members told the newspaper police should have backed off the pursuit because they knew who they were chasing .
Story County Attorney Stephen Holmes , who said the officer 's actions were justified , in their report states , `` In watching the videos I ca n't help but express my concern that it was only by sheer luck that no one else was seriously injured or killed by Mr . Comstock . ''
Holmes said `` Comstock 's actions did not allow any amount of time for the officers to devise or employ other 'means ' to mitigate or defuse the situation ahead of the shooting ... ''
Authorities said video from police car cameras clearly shows Comstock 's disregard for citizens as the chase continued .
Videos from inside McPherson 's car and another officer 's car , played during a Thursday news conference , show Comstock backing up and hitting a police officer 's car , a trailer flying off the truck , and the truck speeding down Ames streets , racing past motorists and pedestrians , and eventually the conclusion of the chase on the ISU campus . Gunshots can be heard in both videos .
Authorities said there was no directive from dispatch to call off the pursuit . Officers did reduce speed when they reached campus but continued to follow Comstock .
McPherson remains on paid administrative leave . Authorities said there is no timeline yet on when they will return to duty .
State investigators said Wednesday that autopsy results show Comstock died from a gunshot wound to the head and chest .
Police said they were pronounced dead at a hospital a short time after the shooting .
Family members told KCCI on Wednesday that Comstock should n't have died . They said Comstock had anger problems and would have returned the truck if officers had stopped pursuing him .
They said the officer will have to live with their decision to shoot .
`` He has to live with that for the rest of their life of guilt of killing another person 's family member , which we truly loved , '' Blake Jensen , Comstock 's cousin , told the station .
`` He had no right to kill them or shoot him . If they had just listened to the dispatcher we would still have them ( alive ) . I know they were just going their job , but if they would have just listened this would n't even have happened , '' said LaShawn Jensen , another one of Comstock 's cousins .
Gary Shepley , Tyler Comstock 's step-grandfather , questioned why police did n't back away from the truck as suggested by an officer during the chase . Comstock 's family says the teenager was not armed .
Police said the truck Comstock was driving was reported stolen from Spring-Green Lawn Care in Boone , where their dad worked . Spring-Green workers said the father and son argued over money for a pack of cigarettes before Comstock took off in the truck .
Comstock has been living at a homeless shelter . People at the shelter told KCCI that Comstock was working with their dad on the day of the chase and shooting .
`` I have seen them the night before . The night before they were calm , '' said Gerald Elliott , manager of the All for Jesus Homeless Shelter . `` We 'd all seen him , you know , just before they left we had all seen them and knowing they were just going to work with their dad . You know you do n't expect something like that . ''
The case remains under investigation by Ames police , ISU police and the Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation .
Image caption May Chow secretly interned at restaurants to pursue their dream of becoming a chef
The humble steamed bun is taking Hong Kong 's culinary scene by storm - and scooping up awards along the way .
May Chow , the owner of restaurant Little Bao , has just been voted Asia 's best female chef by a panel of over 300 experts .
The 32-year-old 's restaurant serves what they call Chinese burgers : steamed white buns filled with braised pork belly , fried chicken or fish .
And there are even burgers for dessert , in the form of fried buns sandwiched with ice cream .
Winning the award is no mean feat , considering Asia 's competitive food scene , but the restaurant might not have started at all if Ms Chow had n't sneaked behind their parents ' back .
Image caption A Chinese burger with braised pork belly
They developed a love of cooking from watching their mother cook in Canada - where a typical meal involved serving more than 20 people in the extended family .
`` Growing up I told my parents I wanted to be a chef , '' Ms Chow tells the BBC .
`` But back then , cooking was considered low-class work , and my parents felt it would be a waste of my education . ''
Image caption The buns are assembled with leek and red onions
As a result , Ms Chow studied hotel management at university in the US instead , but says their love for cooking kept calling out to them By their third year at university , they were ready to take the plunge .
`` I did n't tell my parents , but I started interning with restaurants . ''
That paved their way to becoming a full-time chef at high-end restaurants in Hong Kong .
Them ambition did n't stop at being a chef , either . They say : `` The first day I started working at a restaurant , I decided that I wanted to open my own restaurant . ''
Just a few years later , and after road-testing their dishes at local food markets , Ms Chow opened Little Bao .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A novel take on the humble bao
'Am I really Chinese ? '
Bao means bun in Chinese , and Ms Chow says they drew on their own identity , as a Chinese person who had grown up in North America , when designing their signature dish .
`` If you define me , my food is exactly me , '' they say . `` Am I really Chinese ? Why do I sound so American ? ''
`` That bao is me - Chinese but understands American culture - putting [ the two sides ] together in an honest way . ''
They say they are happiest with the authenticity of their buns when their mother and grandmother enjoy them .
Their approval `` comes from 30 years of eating bao - you have to stand up to that quality check '' .
Image caption Ms Chow 's kitchen is full of mouth-watering smells , including fresh meat being grilled and seafood being fried
Image caption Little Bao sells over a hundred buns each day
Image caption The buns are cooked in a giant steamer
The dish has also proved a hit with Hong Kong diners and they have just opened a Bangkok branch of Little Bao , as well as a beer bar , Second Draught .
But there were plenty of challenges in the move to becoming a business owner , including the high rents and high build-out costs in Hong Kong .
`` It 's almost been like taking a real-life business masters degree , '' they say . `` I 've grown a lot over the past three years . At first you get emotional , now you just look at things and try to fix problems . ''
What do they think of being named Asia 's best female chef 2017 ?
It was `` stressful '' , and they joke that their first reaction , when they learnt of the award , was : `` Oh , I do n't want it . ''
Image caption The logo for Little Bao is a smiling baby
There is some pressure that comes with the title , because `` there really are not that many female chefs [ and ] local chefs in that field to be talked about '' .
She 's aware that some will find it strange there is an award specifically for female chefs , but also appreciates how the award has given them a platform to raise awareness about the industry .
She 's vocal about what they think needs to change to encourage more women , and local Hong Kongers , to join the trade .
Being a chef `` is a very labour intensive job . The environment is hot , sticky , typically not a favourable environment . ''
`` Do we really need to work 70 hours a week ? Are women allowed to have babies when they 're [ working ] in the kitchen ? It 's so intense - it 's not like a desk job . There are things that need to be improved . ''
Image caption `` Shanghai women are fierce and loud ''
There is n't always `` the freedom to dream '' in Hong Kong 's competitive education system , they add .
In the past , vocational jobs were seen as jobs for people who could n't be doctors or lawyers , so there was `` no recognition '' for jobs in the food and beverage industry .
Still , they argue that the internet , Michelin guides and growing awareness about fine dining has helped , while local chefs are increasingly learning from restaurants abroad .
On a more personal level , they credit their mother with part of their determination to do well in a male-centric field .
`` Stereotypical Shanghai women are fierce and loud , '' they say with a grin .
Them mother 's influence , they add , `` let me be bold . I never grew up thinking I had to limit myself '' .
Lahore : A day after Union Home Secretary Rajiv Mehrishi said that Dawood Ibrahim is in Pakistan , the former president of the country Pervez Musharraf , has asserted that the fugitive underworld don is in Karachi .
While talking to a Pakistani news channel , Musharraf said , `` India has been accusing Pakistan for long . Why should we now become good and assist them ? I do n't know where Dawood , the key accused in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts is . They must be here , somewhere . India has been killing Muslims and Dawood Ibrahim has been reacting , '' giving a clear indication that the wanted criminal might be putting up in Pakistan .
Pakistan has consistently denied about Dawood residing there , despite India maintaining that that they indeed lives in a palatial house in Karachi . For the last 10 years , New Delhi has sent several dossiers to Islamabad in this regard , naming Ibrahim as the accused in the Mumbai blasts case .
Earlier on Wednesday , the Home Secy had said that the government is taking all required action so that Ibrahim could be brought back to India . `` Dawood Ibrahim is in Pakistan . That country has given them shelter . That country is also putting hurdles in bringing them back to India to face the law , '' they told PTI here .
`` Dawood Ibrahim is in Pakistan . That country has given them shelter . That country is also putting hurdles in bringing them back to India to face the law , '' they told PTI here .
The home secretary said the `` attitude '' of Pakistan was not in conformity with international law and it is working against India in Ibrahim 's case . `` Whatever action is required , we are taking . We will get him . The process is on . But the attitude of the Pakistan government is not in conformity with the international law .
Ibrahim is the main accused in the 1993 serial bomb blasts case in Mumbai in which around 260 people were killed , and more than 700 were injured . They fled India post the bombings and is hiding in Pakistan at present .
In April , Home Minister Rajnath Singh had stated there was no doubt that Ibrahim was still in Pakistan . During the last 10 years , India has sent several dossiers to Pakistan in this regard , naming Ibrahim as the accused in the Mumbai blasts case . In 2011 , P Chidambaram , the then home minister in the UPA government , had also said that Ibrahim was based in Karachi .
India had earlier also accused Pakistan of giving shelter to Al-Qaeda chief Osama Bin Laden and a team of the United States Navy , SEALs , in a special operation , killed them on May 2 , 2011 .
Musharraf , when asked about Pakistan 's consistent denial about Bin Laden 's erstwhile presence in their country , said , `` The issue is we have human intelligence . When Osama was killed , nobody knew that they were Osama and was staying there as people thought of them as a drug dealer . '' `` Even I have doubt that they were living in Abbotabad continuously for five years , '' they added .
( With inputs from Agencies )
QATIF , Saudi Arabia ( Reuters ) - When the gunshots rang out , Ali , a 26-year-old Saudi Arabian Shi'ite Muslim , thought they were fireworks . But when they saw people running , they knew militant Sunnis were attacking their minority community again .
Minutes later , five of their neighbours lay dead .
The Oct. 16 shooting was the fourth attack by Islamic State jihadists against Saudi Shi'ites within 12 months , leaving 40 dead and unnerving a community whose position in an ultra-strict Sunni kingdom has rarely felt so precarious .
The fate of Saudi Arabia 's 2 million or so Shi'ites is closely watched because of Riyadh 's intimate involvement in the region 's sectarian conflict through its rivalry with Iran and the teachings of its influential clergy that Shi'ism is heretical .
Saudi Shi'ites have long complained of discrimination , but they are now subject to violent attack and , adding to their unease , fear that another 16 young men will be added to the list of seven facing beheading for joining protests in 2011-12 .
The Saudi government denies discrimination and says those convicted in the protests committed deadly violence . Families of the protesters say the demonstrations were peaceful acts against discrimination and in favour of democracy .
What many people in the Shi'ite-majority Eastern Province district of Qatif say is that an atmosphere of tolerance for sectarianism , visible in comments by Sunni clergy , in school textbooks and online , is feeding the danger they now face .
Days after the most recent attack , Ali traced the gunman 's route along a main road and down a dusty alleyway , towards where Shi'ites were commemorating the runup to Ashura , the annual ritual honouring the martyrdom of the Prophet Mohammad 's grandson Hussein , central to the Shi'ite calendar .
“ Here on the corner , they shot Ayman al-Ajmi and Ali Aseri . There in the empty lot they shot Abdullah al-Jassim . This is where Doctor Buthaina al-Abad was running with their children . They shot them in the heart , ” they said , describing the gunman 's trail of bloodshed .
For , Shi'ites the annual commemoration of the seventh century death of Hussein in the battle of Kerbala in Iraq , which fell on Saturday , is the moment when their role as a minority is most keenly felt .
To the beat of a drum and the wailing laments of a religious leader , a hundred or so men in the nearby Qatif village of al-Qudeih , site of a suicide bombing in May that killed 23 , whipped their backs with chains on Saturday until the blood flowed .
INCITEMENT
“ This is a small Kerbala . We are attacked , the same as in Kerbala , just like Imam Hussein , ” said Ali al-Rabeh , a retired worker at the state oil company Aramco .
Saudi social media messages on the Internet contain increasingly open incitement against Shi'ites , which has worsened since Saudi Arabia began leading a military campaign against members of a Shi'ite militia in neighbouring Yemen this year .
Although the Saudi government says it does not tolerate extremism , senior state-employed Sunni clerics often decry the sect 's practices as heretical , and newspapers publish tales of Shi'ite violence against Sunnis in neighbouring states .
The government won praise from some Saudi Shi'ites for quickly responding to the attacks by invoking national unity , sending senior princes to attend funerals and boosting security at the sect 's holy places alongside local volunteers .
It also arrested a cleric last year for a social media post revelling in the death of Shi'ites in Yemen . But Shi'ites say the authorities should do more to curb such dangerous speech .
Supporters of the ruling Al Saud family say they are constrained by the ultra-conservative beliefs of most Saudis , followers of the rigid Wahhabi Sunni school founded on a mission to purge Islam of incorrect belief - Shi'ism included .
The Al Saud have always ruled in alliance with the Wahhabi clergy , who bolster the rulers ' legitimacy in a country without democratic elections , and who in return control the judicial system and enjoy great sway over education and public morality .
Reuters was allowed to visit Qatif only with Saudi government officials , and the interviews in this article took place in their presence .
Across Qatif , mourning flags in black , green , red , white or gold fluttered from rooftops , men wore black robes or t-shirts and the melancholy sound of chanted laments echoed from mosque loudspeakers .
Such displays are anathema to many Sunnis , particularly Wahhabis , who regard Shi'ite veneration for Hussein as bordering on polytheism and view denunciations of the ruler who had them killed as slander against an early Muslim leader they admire .
MILITANT ATTACKS
A widely circulated clip on YouTube this year showed Saudi Arabia 's Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al al-Sheikh , the top Wahhabi authority , describe such funereal processions as “ innovation ” , a Muslim legal term to describe deviant religious practices .
Their comments caused dismay in Qatif . In a country where blasphemy and apostasy can be punished by death , such accusations of religious deviance might inspire attacks by militants , Shi'ites argue .
“ If we live in a more tolerant society , then we can understand each other and know what 's going on more evenly . But here everyone looks at each other with suspicion , ” said Jafar al-Shayab , a Shi'ite community leader in Qatif .
Some Shi'ites believe the Al Saud family 's need to appease its Wahhabi constituency , combined with the clerical control of the judiciary , is what led to the death sentences against a cleric and six young men and upheld by appeals courts this year .
They were convicted after protests in which over 20 Shi'ites and a police officer were killed , most in what the government described as “ exchanges of fire ” after police were attacked , but which activists said included shootings of peaceful demonstrators . The government has stressed in statements that the judiciary is independent .
In Qatif , people are worried that the demonstrators , two of whom were only 17 at the time of the protests , could be beheaded at any time . They are then sentenced to have their bodies displayed as a warning to the public .
But few Saudi political analysts expect those sentences to be carried out , seeing them instead as a stern warning to Shi'ites not to take to the streets again , and a sop to Sunnis angry over the detention of thousands of suspected militants .
“ They should just sit with us and see . I do n't know why they hate the Shia . Shia do n't do anything to them , but they just hate , ” said Ahmed , a 27-year-old airport worker , as the boom of drums and crash of chains on skin resounded around him .
The other two instances were the killing in July of Kandahar 's senior cleric as they prayed in a mosque , and a few weeks later the killing of Kandahar 's mayor .
The searches are deeply disturbing for most Afghan men , as the turban here at once signifies one 's religious faith and is a national dress — not to mention being something of a fashion statement .
Turbans are worn across the Muslim world because the Prophet Muhammad was believed to have worn one , and they are especially favored by imams and mullahs . In Afghanistan , which is a deeply pious country , usage is broader , with dozens of styles and colors . There are ones made of synthetics from Pakistan that cost about $ 20 , silk ones from Herat that cost twice as much and ones made of more luxuriant silks from the north of Afghanistan that cost still more .
The people of southeastern Afghanistan winds the cloth large and loose so it looks as if the whole structure might topple off ; Kabul residents prefer a smaller , tighter look . Those in eastern Afghanistan tuck the last bit of cloth so it sticks up out of the turban like a cockscomb , known as a “ shimla , ” and its size has something to do , loosely , with a person 's view of their own standing . The Taliban were known for wearing turbans made of a very soft cotton that had especially long tails and were either black or white ; the former signifies that the wearer 's family members are descendants of Muhammad .
However , most turbans in Afghanistan now — and in the pre-Taliban era — are subtle grays and charcoals , deep olive greens , lighter soft greens and browns .
“ I have four or five turbans , ” said Hajji Mohammad Zaman Ahmadi , a 57-year-old Kabul resident who was in a bazaar to buy a white skullcap for wearing at home but had their turban on for the workday . They had just gotten a miniature turban for their 2-year-old nephew , they said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ It is made out of the softest of our country 's wool , ” they said .
Mr. Ahmadi , like Mr. Niaz , believes that bombers who use their turbans to hide explosives are committing an offense not just against Islam , but against the nation . They are trying to “ defame the Afghan turbans and chase the Afghans from their ancient traditions and try to scare them into not wearing their turbans , ” they said .
On the backstreets of Kabul 's central bazaar , where the turbans are sold neatly folded , thin as a pamphlet and wrapped in torn pages from old glossy magazines , many turban wearers are so angry about the situation that they blame the Americans . Before their arrival , intrusive searches were unknown .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ My father , my grandfather , my great-grandfather , my prophet wore a turban , and that 's why I wear it , ” said an older man , looking irritable at the question , adding : “ Who brought these turban bombers and turban searchers ? You did , ” they said angrily , referring to Westerners , which many Afghans feel are agents of the decline of the society .
Many clerics take a more contemplative view . Faith transcends costume , and a man can pray in any outfit as long as the prayer comes from the heart , but it is an honor to God to dress properly , said Abdul Raouf Nafee , the mullah at the Herati mosque in central Kabul .
As an example , they talked about butchers : “ Even if their clothes are dirty with blood , they can pray and God will accept their prayers , but it 's kind of disrespectful . God likes beauty and organization , but they will accept your prayers , ” Mr. Nafee said .
Sitting on a floor cushion as they read the Koran early one morning in a small room just off their mosque 's prayer hall , Mr. Nafee wore a simple white cap . Their turban was neatly prepared and waiting on a couch for the midday prayer when they would don it . A man of both poetry and pragmatism , they view the turban as a link between the holy life and people 's physical needs .
The turban , like the traditional blanket or shawl worn by men and the chador worn by women , is practical as well as religious and cultural , they said . “ You are covered to keep off the dust — and now the pollution , ” they said . “ If you are cold , you can wrap it around you for warmth , you can sit on it , you can use it to tie an animal , a sheep or a goat , and you can use the turban 's cap to carry water . ”
There is also a darker view of turban attacks : that the bombers were so distraught that their turbans ' holiness no longer mattered , and that they were forced to use any means available to take revenge on the Americans .
“ Is it wrong to respond to the killings of the civilians that you do with your drones , that shoot from the air and do not even have pilots ? ” asked Hajji Ahmad Farid , a mullah and a conservative member of Parliament from an insurgent-dominated area of Kapisa Province , near Kabul . “ Think about why a man blows themselves up : Some foreign soldiers go to their house and accuse them and tie their hands and dishonor them and search their wife and their daughters , and this poor man is just watching and can do nothing .
“ When a man has lost their dignity , they do not care about their shawl or their turban . ”
Dear Readers ,
On behalf of The Onion , I offer my personal apology to Quvenzhané Wallis and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for the tweet that was circulated last night during the Oscars . It was crude and offensive—not to mention inconsistent with The Onion 's commitment to parody and satire , however biting .
Advertisement
No person should be subjected to such a senseless , humorless comment masquerading as satire .
The tweet was taken down within an hour of publication . We have instituted new and tighter Twitter procedures to ensure that this kind of mistake does not occur again .
In addition , we are taking immediate steps to discipline those individuals responsible .
Advertisement
Miss Wallis , you are young and talented and deserve better . All of us at The Onion are deeply sorry .
Sincerely ,
Steve Hannah
CEO
The Onion
Early Morning Peanut Butter Banana Oatmeal
Every morning around 6am my alarm clock goes off . It starts quietly and gets progressively louder and more annoying if I try to fall back to sleep . I 'm usually in the middle of some random dream and I think about it for a few minutes as I try to will myself back to sleep .
If my alarm clock fails to rise me , it has no choice but to resort to other methods : walking up the length of my body , kneading my stomach and chest with sharp nails ( ow ! ) , purring – inflected as if it 's a question , and shooting laser beams through my eyelids to will them open . No matter what , do not open your eyes . I repeat : Do not make eye contact with the alarm clock ! ! !
If you do , it 's over .
Meet my alarm clock – highly reliable with a 0.000001 % fail rate .
[ This is Sketchie 's “ I 'm HUNGRY and have n't had breakfast yet AND I happen to hate you right now ” face . I snapped this while we were away over the long weekend . Sketchie was particularly unhappy that we slept til about 7:30 that morning ! ! gasp ]
After 5 or 10 minutes of playing dead , I give in and stumble downstairs ever so slowly as Sketchie rubs their head along the staircase railing . They have now morphed back into Happy Cat and he 's prancing along to their feeding spot .
After I feed him , they ditch me and goes back to sleep ( how nice ) , leaving me alone until Eric gets up .
I notice the morning feels a bit chillier than usual and make my first batch of hot oatmeal in a long time . The weather is dreary and creamy peanut butter oats sound like the perfect solution !
To add a fun twist to this bowl , I partially caramelized a ripe banana in the pot before cooking the oats with a tiny bit of non-dairy butter . This was just to intensify the flavours a bit more . Then I swirled in half the peanut butter and cooked the oatmeal as normal for about 8-10 minutes .
The result is a creamy bowl of oats lightly sweetened with banana and highlighted with cinnamon , nutmeg , and a pinch of salt . It smells heavenly ! On top , I added more peanut butter , a good dose of cinnamon , nuts , and a drizzle of pure maple syrup . It was just about perfect .
Early Morning Peanut Butter Banana Oatmeal
Print , Email , or Text this recipe
1 year ago : Roasted Tomato Basil Pesto
Yield : 1 serving
Ingredients :
1 large very ripe banana , peeled and roughly chopped
1 tsp non-dairy butter or coconut oil
1/2 tbsp natural peanut butter
1/2 cup rolled oats
1/2-1 tsp chia seed ( or ground flax )
1 cup almond milk
1 tsp ground cinnamon
1/8-1/4 tsp ground nutmeg
pinch of salt
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
toppings : heaping 1/2 tbsp peanut butter , nuts , cinnamon , pure maple syrup
1 . In a medium-sized pot over medium heat , cook the banana and non-dairy butter or oil for about 5 minutes , stirring frequently .
2 . Stir in 1/2 tbsp peanut butter , and add the oats , chia , milk , spices , and a pinch of salt . Whisk well until combined .
3 . Bring to a low boil and then reduce heat to a simmer , stirring often for 8-10 minutes . Remove from heat and stir in vanilla .
4 . Scoop into a bowl and top with peanut butter , nuts , cinnamon , and maple syrup .
I ca n't talk about Sketchie waking me up in the morning without sharing this classic Simon 's Cat video !
Let 's get social ! Follow Angela on Instagram @ ohsheglows , Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest , Snapchat , and Google+
Several major Japanese news media , including NHK , Asahi , Mainichi , Sankei , and Nihon TV , reported on Wednesday that Kumamoto Prefectural Police arrested five people who posted scanned pages of Eiichiro Oda 's internationally popular manga One Piece and Sui Ishida 's Tokyo Ghoul : re on their `` netabare '' ( spoilers ) sites before the magazines ' official release day . It marks the first arrest case for an infamous `` manga netabare '' site in Japan .
The suspects are : 30-year-old male self-employed worker from Okinawa , Yo Uehara , who had two accomplices including 23-year-old female freelance writer from Tottori , and 31-year-old male web designer from Akita , Ryoji Hottai , who acted in collusion with their 33-year-old female partner .
According to the police investigation , Uehara got copies of Shueisha 's Weekly Shonen Jump and Weekly Young Jump at a so-called illegal `` hayauri ( flying-get ) '' store before the magazines ' official
release day ( Monday for Shonen Jump , Thursday for Young Jump ) , then scanned the pages of the two
manga to post on their netabare site between July 2016 and July 2017 . Meanwhile , Hottai reposted the
One Piece manga images taken from Uehara 's site onto their own netabare site .
Their sites had been known as `` the big two netabare sites '' in the net and had attracted more viewing
numbers than the legitimate publisher Shueisha 's official sites did . With the affiliate ads on their sites ,
Uehara had earned at least 74 million yen ( about 677,600 US dollars ) since May 2012 , and Hottai had
made over 305 million yen ( 2.8 million US dollars ) since September 2014 .
The two principal offenders , who were arrested on charge of copyright infringement ( a violation of literary
property right ) , have already admitted to the crime . Hottai says , `` I needed to pay my living expenses . ''
Shueisha has made a statement on the crime , `` We are furious at the fact that the manga works created
by the copyright holders with all of their energies were posted in a very impertinent way and that the
suspects even made a profit from it . We hope that this arrest becomes a strong warning to the endless
pirate acts and illegal uses of our publications . ''
As we reported several times , posting/reposting copyrighted materials , including scanned magazine pages
( before and after the official release day ) , onto the internet without copyright holder 's permission is illegal
in Japan . The criminal act can result in a 10-year jail sentence or a fine of 10 million yen ( about 91,600
US dollars ) in the worst case .
Source : NHK , Asahi , Mainichi , Sankei , Nihon TV
`` One Piece '' manga image on the thumbnail © Eiichiro Oda/Shueisha
Related :
Japanese Police Staff Member Arrested for Stealing 25 Anime Rental DVDs
Chinese Court Finds Pirate Manga Site Guilty of Uploading 5,216 Japanese Titles
Three More Share Users Arrested for Illegally Uploading `` Your Name . ''
Kyoto Police Arrested Chinese Man for Illegally Uploading `` Ange Vierge '' Anime Episode
Two Chinese Men Arrested for Selling Fake `` Lyrical Nanoha '' Hug Pillow
35-Year-Old Man Arrested for Uploading `` My Hero Academia '' Anime via Perfect Dark
Tokyo Police Exposed Game Centers in Akihabara for Offering Counterfeit `` Love Live ! '' Prizes
Japanese Police Arrested 51-year-old Man for Uploading Anime Music illegally for 10 Years
54-Year-Old Unemployed Man Arrested for Illegally Uploading `` your name . ''
Kyoto Police Arrested Two Chinese Men for Illegally Uploading `` Arslan , '' `` Prisma Illya '' Anime
70-year-old Man Stealing Shonen Jump before Release Found Guilty , 10 Months in Prison
Japanese Police Arrested 44 People for Illegal Uploading in Three Days
30-year-old Unemployed Man Arrested for Uploading `` Kingdom '' Manga
38-year-old Man Arrested for Posting `` GATE '' Episodes onto Video Sharing Site
Another 2 Chinese Arrested for Uploading `` The Seven Deadly Sins '' Manga
4 Men Arrested for Posting `` One Piece '' The Latest Chapter Before Release
Police Arrested Man Who Posted Robot Anime Videos , Theme Songs
This is the 500X , Fiat 's micro-crossover answer to the Renault Captur and Nissan 's Juke .
Unveiled at the Paris show , the 500X – a first cousin to the Jeep Renegade – will arrive in the UK in spring next year in both front- and four-wheel drive flavours… and with the choice of two bodystyles .
Actually , ‘ bodystyles ' might be a bit strong . As with the Panda , the 500X will be joined by a 500X Cross , which adds more cladding and a mite more off-road focus .
The Cinquecento styling cues are clear , but the 500X – which sits on a modified Punto platform rather than that of Fiat 's chi-chi little city car – is a whole lot bigger : 71cm longer , 17cm wider and 12cm taller than the standard 500 .
Both 500X and 500X Cross will be offered with the choice of four petrol and three diesel engines . If you want front-wheel drive , your petrol options are a 110bhp 1.6-litre , mated to a five-speed manual , or Fiat 's perky 1.4-litre ‘ MultiAir ' turbo , driving a six-speed manual or dual-clutch box .
Front-drive diesel options comprise a 95bhp 1.3-litre unit , a 120bhp 1.6 , and Fiat 's 140bhp 2.0-litre turbodiesel . The former gets a five-speed manual , the latter two a six-speed manual .
Engines for the all-wheel drive 500Xs are rather juicier . You can have a 170bhp version of that 1.4-litre turbo petrol , a 184bhp 2.4 ‘ Tigershark petrol ' ( sadly not available in the UK ) , or , on the diesel side , that 140bhp 2.0-litre MultiJet effort .
All 4WD 500Xs are fitted with a nine-speed auto – the most ratio-laden gearbox ever to grace a Fiat – that sends full power to the front wheels alone during normal driving . An electronic locking differental seamlessly engages the rear axle when drive is required from the back end .
This being a 500 ( of sorts ) , the ‘ P ' word features heavily . Yes , personalisation . We 're told you can have your 500X with the choice of 12 body colours and eight alloy wheel designs , the largest of which are 18-inchers .
Standard kit includes a colour touchscreen and ‘ Drive Mode Selector ' , which allows the driver to toggle the engine , brake , steering and transmission response between three modes : Auto , Sport and All Weather . Opt for the 500X Cross , and you 'll see the latter mode replaced by a ‘ Traction ' mode , which pushes more torque to the rear axle of the four-wheel drive system .
Prices are yet to be announced , but expect the 500X to be closely pegged to that Captur and Juke – though north of Fiat 's own Panda 4x4 . Will the 500X usurp that car as the rufty-tufty AWD Fiat of choice ?
As you would be no doubt already aware , I run a section of my blog here devoted to the free sharing of laptop service manuals . This is a side project I have run for the last three years , gathering as many repair manuals as I could find on the internet and rehosting them on my website for anybody to download and use .
I have unhappy news for you all . Since I was first contacted by Toshiba Australia 's legal department , I have been attempting to discuss with them the potential for me to continue to share their laptop service manuals on my site . Their flat and final response was “ You do not have permission [ to disseminate Toshiba copyright material ] nor will it be granted to you in the foreseeable future. ” As a result , all Toshiba material that was on my website is now gone , permanently .
The primary reasons they have given me for this are :
1 . “ We are concerned that by providing the manuals to unqualified person [ sic ] you may be endangering their well-being ” .
My place of employment puts a massive emphasis on health and safety in the workplace , a policy I am 100 % in support of . Safety is an incredibly important issue , and I applaud Toshiba for taking it into consideration , but I think they are a little misguided . I have personally never been injured or visibly endangered by working on any kind of computer system , much less a consumer notebook computer . I have also never heard of anybody else being injured by working on one . While I do understand the drive behind any concern for safety , the reality is that there appears to be no risk to the well-being of myself or any of my readers by providing repair manuals free to download , and so I do not understand Toshiba 's cause for concern here .
It is worth noting that Dell , HP and Lenovo provide service manuals for all of their laptop computers for download , free of charge or registration or membership of any kind , on their various support websites , which would indicate that none of these companies share Toshiba 's concern in this regard . I would not seriously take this to mean that Toshiba laptops are inherently more dangerous to service than laptops of other brands , thus causing them to discourage unqualified persons from doing so , but drawing on my own knowledge and experience I can not see what risk they are attempting to mitigate here .
2 . Their repair manuals contain “ proprietary information ” and they will jealously protect it at all costs . ( These costs would , of course , be to me , as part of their demands included the threat of taking action to recover their costs of taking legal action against me . )
As a factual statement , I ca n't really argue with this . Again though , Dell , HP and Lenovo apparently do not find this a concern . Having looked at service manuals from each company , I personally can not see what Toshiba manuals contain that the others do not that might be something a company would reasonably wish to withhold from its customers . It is clear that this is a decision Toshiba have made in the opposite direction to these other companies , and it is not a direction that is in the best interest of its customers .
3 . “ The manuals are only available to Toshiba authorised service providers under strict confidentiality agreements. ” … “ It is not our company policy to grant authorisation for the use or reproduction of Toshiba manuals to anyone who is not an authorised Toshiba service provider . ”
The clear message here is that unless you are an authorised Toshiba repairer , they do not want you anywhere near the information that would allow you to more easily service and repair your Toshiba products yourself .
4 . “ Toshiba copyright repair manuals . ”
This is the big one . As the original author of their laptop repair manuals , Toshiba owns the copyright on them and has the legal right to control their dissemination . They have not followed in the footsteps of other companies and made the decision to disseminate them to the public for open use . They are , in fact , tightly limiting access to their manuals only to their authorised repairers , and as such locking its customers out from information they could use to service or repair their laptops on their own .
Copyright law does give other parties some rights to copyright material in certain circumstances under fair dealing exceptions ( fair use in the United States ) . These exceptions are along the lines of granting access to educational institutions , or making personal copies of copyright material for the purpose of creating backups . There currently appears to be no such exception , however , to either Australian or US copyright law that would apply to repair manuals for computers . As a result , we have no specific rights to any official documentation Toshiba have created that might allow us to more easily and economically repair or upgrade laptop computers .
I have investigated the possibility of pursuing action through legal channels . The long and short of it is that I can not afford the legal representation necessary to even question Toshiba in a court of law . I can not personally risk taking this route myself , and so as a private citizen I am left with no alternatives .
Dell , HP and Lenovo are three companies that have made the decision to allow us the privilege of accessing their repair manuals anyway – a decision that is 100 % in the interests of their customers , and in their own , as people are more likely to buy a product they know they can easily fix if it goes awry . Because of this decision , when someone asks me to recommend a laptop , I will generally go to one of these brands for a suggestion .
Toshiba notebooks are known for their reliability , and I have generally found them to be high quality products . In light of this , it is with a certain sadness that I can say I no longer recommend Toshiba products to anybody , for the simple reason that they are not open with their repair information . It utterly pains me to say that I can not help those of you who have asked me to help in finding a Toshiba repair manual . Due to the obvious legal reasons , I have not shared copyright Toshiba material since I was first contacted on July 31st , and unfortunately this is how it must be .
Many of you service laptops for a living . Many of you repair and refurbish second-hand laptops for charity and for the less fortunate . I 'd like to thank each and every one of you for doing what you do . If you have been affected by Toshiba 's decision in refusing to allow me to share their repair manuals with you , I urge you to contact your local Toshiba representatives and let them know what impact this has had on you , your business or your livelihood . Let them know that you will avoid Toshiba products in the future , and will not recommend them to others , until they are as open with their information as are other competing companies . Perhaps in the future , with public opinion stacked in favour of open repair policies , they will change their mind .
In the meantime , the following websites have some user-created information on repairing some Toshiba models :
http : //www.irisvista.com/
http : //www.ifixit.com/Device/ Toshiba_Laptop
Correction – Lenovo IdeaPad service manuals
It 's been brought to my attention that Lenovo now offer hardware maintenance manuals for what appears to be all of its IdeaPad range as well as for ThinkPads ( some links here ) . I 'm not sure when this change was put in place , but it 's a welcome one and I 'll update my site to reflect that change . Thanks , Lenovo !
Donate your old laptops and phones to science !
The wonderful people over at iFixit are accepting donations of hardware so that they can strip them down and turn them into new homemade repair manuals . If you 've got a faulty or disused laptop , phone or tablet from the last few years kicking around , please consider sending it in – in return they will send you a $ 5 coupon for their online parts and tools shop , or $ 20 if it 's on their most-wanted list !
Reactions on Facebook
I 've seen a few posts on the Facebook pages of Toshiba US and Toshiba Australia with some great comments . It 's interesting that of all of these , the only one anybody at Toshiba actually replied to include a link to irisvista.com – it 's clear to even their customer service people that Toshiba could be doing more for its customers .
Coverage
This has become unexpectedly popular , starting with the link I posted and discussion on Reddit : http : //www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/12ydou/for_three_years_i_have_run_tims_laptop_manuals/
This has also been posted to Hacker News on ycombinator : http : //news.ycombinator.com/item ? id=4766177
I 've also just been alerted to the fact it 's on Slashdot as well : http : //slashdot.org/story/12/11/10/1334221/toshiba-pursues-copyright-claim-against-laptop-manual-site
12/11/2012 : I 've been featured on The Register : http : //www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/12/toshiba_orders_blogger_to_remove_manuals/
Also on a Dutch site , webwereld : http : //webwereld.nl/nieuws/112425/toshiba-weigert-publicatie-laptophandleidingen-.html ( English translation )
13/11/2012 : A fair few people have emailed me about this one : http : //tweakers.net/nieuws/85477/toshiba-laat-servicehandleidingen-offline-halen.html ( English translation )
I love this one , on Techdirt : http : //www.techdirt.com/articles/20121110/22403121007/toshiba-you-cant-have-repair-manuals-because-theyre-copyrighted-youre-too-dumb-to-fix-computer.shtml
I 'm also on the front page of Wired.com : http : //www.wired.com/opinion/2012/11/cease-and-desist-manuals-planned-obsolescence/
Has this been featured on other sites as well ? Email me and let me know !
“ There are really only seven passages in the Bible that refer directly to homosexual behaviour , and none of them are associated with Jesus . ”
That 's Davis Lose from the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia . Lose goes on to contrast this handful of verses with the more than 300 passages urging believers to care for the poor and to fight for social justice .
Compare that to the priorities of the Australian Christian Lobby , the group leading the attack on the Safe Schools anti-bullying program . Its website reveals a constant , almost obsessive , preoccupation with homosexuality and same-sex marriage .
Jesus , a refugee and Palestinian revolutionary , once explained ( Luke 6:24-25 ) : “ Woe to you who are rich , for you are receiving your comfort in full . Woe to you who are well-fed now , for you shall be hungry . Woe to you who laugh now , for you shall mourn and weep . ”
It 's not a sentiment reflected in ACL press releases , less concerned with warning the rich than fighting the queers .
That 's not to argue that the ACL is n't Christian , so much as to suggest it represents Christianity rather as the Islamic State represents Islam : that is , it 's a particular political project , shaped as much by secular historical developments as by scripture .
Safe Schools LGBTI program researchers 'receiving abusive emails ' after Christian lobby campaign Read more
Specifically , the ACL 's distinctive tradition comes not from the Holy Land but from the United States , where the American religious right first took shape in the early 1970s .
As Randall Balmer explains in Politico , Christian conservatism became a political force in the US at tail end of the civil rights era . Indeed , the religious right emerged initially to oppose desegregation – that is , to defend institutionalised racism against African Americans .
In 1971 , the US government decided to withdraw tax exemptions from racially discriminatory schools . That included Bob Jones University , a fundamentalist college in South Carolina that claimed a scriptural basis for segregation . The university did not admit black students at all ; later , it enrolled married black students but promised to expel any student who engaged in interracial dating ( or who even supported an organisation that advocated interracial relationships ) .
The conservative political activist Paul Weyrich , working closely with the Reverend Jerry Falwell , rallied Christians in support of Bob Jones University 's right to receive tax breaks . Crucially , the campaign was pitched less than a defense of the college 's racism than as a matter of religious freedom : Weyrich roused a Christian constituency by warning evangelical leaders that the government was taking control their institutions . It was only later that Weyrich and Falwell redirected the anger at federal interference in Christian schooling into campaigns around “ values ” issues such as abortion and pornography .
The Australian Christian Lobby was founded in 1995 , in fairly direct imitation of the Christian Coalition of America . There 's no suggestion that the ACL ever embraced the segregationist politics of Bob Jones . Nevertheless , you can still detect traces of that early history in the ACL 's persistent invocation of “ religious freedom ” when making its case against same-sex marriage .
As Ann Burlein has documented in their Lift High the Cross , by the 1990s the religious right in America had made a conscious decision to eschew overtly Biblical rhetoric in favour of more secular-sounding language about “ values ” and “ rights ” .
The ACL follows the same approach . In their study of the advertisements presented by anti-marriage equality groups such as the Australian Marriage Forum ( to which the ACL is organisationally affiliated ) , Timothy Jones notes how campaigners “ are attempting to hide religious and moral arguments in the Trojan horse of health and human rights discourse . ”
You can see why . The ACL describes itself as “ rigorously non-partisan ” , a not-for-profit lobby group offering “ a credible Christian voice in the corridors of power ” .
But , as Marion Maddox points out in an important article in the academic journal Political Theology , many key ACL personnel have connections with political parties of the right : managing director Lyle Shelton stood for the Nationals in the Queensland state election of 2006 ; ACL co founder John Gagliardi worked as an advisor to Liberal prime minister John Gorton ; ACL Chairman Emeritus Tony McLellan helps direct the Liberal party 's Menzies Research Institute .
Marriage equality v religious freedom . They are not mutually exclusive | Rodney Croome Read more
More importantly , the theological underpinnings of the ACL are distinctly fringe . Gagliardi , the ACL co-founder and its first president , lays out their beliefs about the relationship between Christians and secular society in a book entitled The Marketplace : Our Mission , a volume endorsed by the national chairperson of the Brisbane 's Christian Outreach Centre , a church to which many key ACLers belong .
The Marketplace , says Maddox , is “ Gagliardi 's manifesto for Christians working in business . ”
They write :
[ Gagliardi ] uses an unusual term for such people : “ kings. ” Their destiny is to “ rule and reign on the earth ” in response to “ the distinctive end-time call that is raising up a mighty army of kings . The Marketplace : Our Mission talks extensively about the need for Christian ‘ ‘ kings '' to take over designated ‘ ‘ spheres '' of government , such as business , politics , media , arts and entertainment , church , family , and education ( known as the ‘ ‘ Seven Mountains strategy '' ) . Gagliardi [ …does not ] advocate the use of violence to achieve this . On the contrary , ACL 's enthusiastic embrace of electoral process through such activities as meet-the-candidate forums and distribution of voter guides , demonstrates a high level of democratic engagement . On the other hand , the expectation that authority will be bestowed by market forces following a miraculous ‘ ‘ transfer of wealth '' does suggest an alternative route to normal democratic processes : theocracy via plutocracy . Although ACL itself does not refer in its public documents to any of these ideas , they are elaborated ( in far greater detail than was possible in this brief summary ) in the book by ACL 's founding president and explicitly endorsed by the national chairperson of the church with which a number of ACL 's founders and present board members are associated .
Most Australians support same-sex marriage . Very few Australians endorse corporate rule by self-selected Christian kings . On the contrary , Christianity of any kind is a rapidly declining force throughout the country .
In their recent book Post-God Nation ? the Christian writer Roy Williams says bluntly , “ of one thing there can be little doubt : religious belief in Australia is at its lowest ever level . ”
The fastest growing religious affiliation in the census data is “ no religion ” , climbing from 7 % in 1971 to 22 % in 2011 . A 2013 survey revealed some 38 % of people nominated for “ no religion ” , while only 53 % described themselves as “ Christian ” . That “ Christian ” identification should be taken with a grain of salt , since it includes alongside the true believers all those who identify with the faith on cultural or historical grounds .
Today , only about 8 % of Australians regularly attend services of worship and , of course , not all of those are Christian .
Why , then , does the ACL enjoy such a privileged position in public debate ?
Partly , the organisation exploits the media 's obsession with “ balance ” on subjects deemed controversial . The ACL can be relied upon for quotable content enabling the “ on the one hand , on the other ” format employed by traditional journalism . Such presentations implicitly elevate the ACL to an equal stature with its opponents , even in contexts when the ACL speaks for almost no-one .
Furthermore , while the churches might be in decline , their core supporters tend to be active and dedicated . In an era in which political parties have lost their automatic hold on their constituency , a small cadre can exert an outsized influence – which is why both Kevin Rudd and John Howard took part in an ACL-sponsored form in 2007 .
Same-sex marriage plebiscite ‘ kicked issue into long grass ' , boasts Christian lobby Read more
Perhaps more strikingly , in 2010 the famously atheist and unmarried Julia Gillard sat down with the ACL managing director Jim Wallace for an extended interview , in which they discussed their Baptist childhood , their involvement with the Salvation Army , and how their “ values were formed in a strong family , in a family that went to church ” .
Them calculation seems to have been that the Australian Christian Lobby ( and certain socially conservative union leaders ) mattered more than the progressives appalled by the ACL 's stances since the former could swing a bloc of support . As a campus politico , Gillard had stood on a gay rights platform . As prime minister , they declared themselves a “ cultural traditionalist ” , who opposed euthanasia and same-sex marriage on the basis of traditional values . “ I think for our culture , for our heritage , ” they explained , “ the Marriage Act and marriage being between a man and a woman has a special status . ”
In retrospect , that all stands out as a disastrous miscalculation , a massive overestimation of the ACL 's influence .
Religious believers are , of course , as entitled to present their views as anyone else . But , according to a Galaxy Poll in 2011 , a majority of Christians actually support same-sex marriage . A Crosby Textor poll in 2014 confirmed that – and suggested religious support had grown substantially .
Perhaps we could hear from those Christians for a change , rather than from the oddballs and reactionaries of the ACL .
A member of the Stanford University marching band . ( Photo11 : Mike Tsukamoto , USA TODAY Sports )
STANFORD , Calif. ( AP ) — The Stanford marching band will be banned from performing at away games for the 2015-16 season .
The school announced the decision Friday after an investigation into the band 's activities from 2012-15 determined it violated university policies regarding alcohol , controlled substances , hazing and sexual harassment .
In addition to the travel ban , the band also will need to ensure compliance with school policies on alcohol , hazing and sexual harassment .
The band will be permitted to play at home events and at certain non-athletic events .
The band can appeal the penalty . A final decision would be issued by Vice Provost for Student Affairs Greg Boardman .
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Why do some ghost stories keep you up all night , staring at your closet and checking under your bed ? Why do other ghost stories produce giggles or complete boredom ?
Here are thoughts on what makes the PERFECT ghost story .
1 ) Atmosphere
There is no ghost story worth one goose bump without atmosphere . Readers need to be gradually removed from their cozy surroundings and brought into the spooky world of the ghost . The author should involve all the senses including sight , smell , sound and touch . A skilled author can evoke other ‘ senses ' such as premonition or ‘ women 's intuition ' . The ghost story requires the reader to be shown the atmosphere , not told . Out of all the elements that create a great ghost story , the atmosphere is probably the most important .
Where should a ghost story take place ? A ghost story does n't have to happen in a decrepit mansion or a graveyard . Expert ghost authors such as Ambrose Bierce or Peter Straub use various settings for their ghost stories including cabins in the woods , or a coffee shop . It is how the authors use the settings to produce the willies that matter .
2 ) Emotion
You ca n't have a scary read without the characters feeling escalating levels of fright . The reader will identify with the gradual feeling of dread and begin to feel the same . The best stories creep up on the reader with gentle nudges into fear . Today 's reader will either laugh or fall asleep if presented with a bludgeoning approach to a ghost story . The reader requires a modicum of belief to be truly scared .
3 ) Plot
A ghost story needs a plot . The reader craves a reason to continue to peruse the pages . An eye-catching beginning , a breathless middle , and a satisfying ending are paramount .
Be original . Nothing will loose the interest of a reader more than a rehashed plot . If I read another story about a group of teenagers abandoned in an old house in the rain , I will wear a dress . And that will be sure to make the neighbors scream !
Create a mystery . All great ghost stories have a mystery behind them . The reader becomes involved with the characters in solving the story behind the haunting . Do n't present a ghost without a background . Remember the ghost is the primary character of the ghost story , and needs to be a living part of the story . Not exactly living , however…
So get your quills out , draw the curtains , light your candle and begin to write your ghost story…I dare you !
An S and S coupling equipped Burley packed in its cases
An S and S Coupling also known as a Bicycle Torque Coupling or BTC is a coupling which enables bicycle frames to be separated into smaller pieces , usually to facilitate packing and transporting . They can be built into the frame by the frame manufacturer when the frame is originally assembled or they can be added to a frame after it is finished . A special spanner is available for tightening and loosening the couplers . [ 1 ]
Applications [ edit ]
The couplers are usually installed in the top tube and down tube of a single-rider diamond frame . This enables the bicycle to be boxed small enough to avoid the extra fee most airlines charge to check a bicycle as luggage . [ 2 ] They can also be installed in tandem and recumbent frames . Santana manufactures a `` triplet ( or quad ) that can be transformed into a tandem by simply removing the center section of the frame . `` [ 3 ]
Characteristics [ edit ]
The couplers are available in stainless steel , cromoly steel , and titanium . The couplers come in different sizes , from 5/8 inch ( 15.8 mm ) to 2 inches ( 50.8 mm ) to match the frame tubing in which they are installed . [ 4 ] They are light , about 8 oz . ( 227 grams ) per pair , and as strong as uncoupled tubing . The couplers use a Hirth joint to resist torsion .
It takes only a few minutes to separate the couplings . [ 5 ]
Alternatives [ edit ]
In order to support the ovalized tube Santana Cycles uses between the bottom bracket shells of their tandems , they have developed their own oval couplers . [ 6 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Fr Alec Reid , who was a key figure in the Northern Ireland peace process , acting as a go-between between the IRA and politicians , has died .
They died in a Dublin Hospital at 06:40 GMT on Friday .
Fr Reid , 82 , a member of the Redemptorist order , secretly acted as a conduit between the republican movement and the SDLP .
They were one of the witnesses who confirmed the decommissioning of IRA weapons .
In recent years , they were involved in talks with Basque nationalists seeking independence from Spain .
Life of Fr Alec Reid Born in County Tipperary in 1931 and raised in Nenagh in the county .
Joined the Redemptorist Order spending four decades at Clonard Monastery in west Belfast .
In March 1988 gave the last rites to two British soldiers murdered after driving into an IRA funeral cortege .
Facilitated talks between Sinn Féin 's Gerry Adams and SDLP leader John Hume .
Witnessed , with Methodist minister Harold Good , decommissioning of IRA weapons in September 2005 .
Caused outrage among unionists in the same year when they compared them to Nazis . They later apologised .
Recently tried to help broker an end to Eta 's campaign in the Basque region in Spain .
In 1988 , Fr Reid was pictured praying over the bodies of Army corporals Derek Wood and David Howes who had been dragged from their car , beaten and shot by the IRA .
The corporals had inadvertently driven into the midst of a republican funeral in Belfast .
'Enormous fears '
The photograph of the bloodstained priest crouched praying over one of the soldiers was one of the starkest images of the Northern Ireland Troubles .
A Ministry of Defence spokesperson said : `` Fr Alec Reid 's intervention to administer last rites epitomised their enormous faith and strength of conviction .
`` His comfort was given amidst the enormous fears and tension on that terrible day in March 1988 . ''
Sinn Féin president Gerry Adams said Clonard monastery , Fr Reid 's base in west Belfast during the Troubles , was `` the cradle of the peace process '' .
They told RTÉ Radio they were with Fr Reid on Thursday night in St Vincent 's Hospital , Dublin , and had been due to visit them again on Friday .
`` What Alec Reid did was , they lived the gospel message . They developed a view which was contrary to the official view , that there had to be dialogue , and they were tenacious . ''
'End to violence '
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Obituary : Father Alec Reid
Northern Ireland Secretary of State Theresa Villiers , said : `` I heard with sadness of the death of Fr Reid .
`` We all owe a debt of gratitude to them for the role they played in the peace and reconciliation process in Northern Ireland . ''
Former SDLP leader John Hume said Fr Reid was `` not simply a go between '' in the early days of negotiating for peace .
`` He was an active player in fighting for an end to violence , '' Mr Hume said .
`` Without their courage , determination and utter selflessness , the road to peace in our region would have been much longer and much more difficult to traverse .
`` While we mourn the loss of a great man , we must also celebrate the legacy of peace and an opportunity to reconcile our people that they gave to us . It is an opportunity we can not afford to waste . ''
Michael D Higgins , the president of Ireland , said : `` His ministering of the last rites to the two British corporals brutally killed in 1988 offered us an image of decency struggling to assert itself amidst brutality . ''
There were tears and tributes in west Belfast as news broke of the death of Fr Alec Reid .
`` He should have got a Nobel Peace Prize , '' said one man . `` But maybe they turned it down . The only prize they wanted was peace . ''
One elderly woman , tears streaming down their face , said : `` He should be remembered with respect .
`` He was someone who children should aspire to be like . ''
Fr Reid 's funeral will take place at 12:00 GMT on Wednesday after requiem Mass in Clonard church in west Belfast .
Slam poet-turned-rapper Watsky is setting their sights on forever with their forthcoming fifth album x Infinity .
The San Francisco-bred hip-hop poet , whose first book How To Ruin Everything hit the Top 10 of the New York Times Best Sellers list , has been keeping busy in the studio as x Infinity will be executive produced by Russell Simmons -- the two connected when they were featured on Season 6 of Simmons ' HBO series Russell Simmons Presents Def Poetry -- and will host some production by longtime collaborator Anderson .Paak with contributions from Twenty One Pilots drummer Josh Dun , among others .
Watsky Announces 'All You Can Do ' Album , Unveils New 'Whoa , Whoa , Whoa ' Video : Watch
Watsky , who has also received a co-sign from Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda , says that they moved to New York to work on new material and calls their upcoming project `` my most ambitious album yet . '' They add , `` [ x Infinity ] is the culmination of many hundreds of hours and months of sweat , frustration and inspiration . ''
To seal the deal , Watsky is also gifting a new visual for `` Tiny Glowing Screens Part 3 '' featuring Camila Recchio and Danny “ Skyhigh ” McClain . They tell Billboard of the Jackson Adams-directed clip , which employs a slow-motion camera , `` It was a fun and silly shoot . We waited around for the frame to be lit , Jackson yelled `` action '' and we would knock over a tray of champagne glasses , or throw water balloons at a screaming guy holding road flares , or toss a handful of bras at our guitar players but the results were so striking and beautiful , and it 's probably my favorite video yet . ''
See the video as well as the dates for their forthcoming trek below and stay tuned for x Infinity landing Aug. 19 .
Sept 2 / Club Red / Phoenix , AZ
Sept 3 / Sunshine / Albuquerque , NM
Sept 4 / Tricky Falls / El Paso , TX
Sept 6 / Emo 's / Austin , TX
Sept 7 / HOB / Dallas , TX
Sept 8 / HOB / Houston , TX
Sept 9 / HOB / New Orleans , LA
Sept 10 / Vinyl / Pensacola , FL
Sept 11 / The Beacham / Orlando , FL
Sept 13 / The Orpheum / Tampa , FL
Sept 14 / Club Downtowner / Tallahassee , FL
Sept 15 / The Loft / Atlanta , GA
Sept 16 / Neighborhood Theatre / Charlotte , NC
Sept 17 / Baltimore SoundStage / Baltimore , MD
Sept 19 / Altar Bar / Pittsburgh , PA
Sept 20 / TLA / Philadelphia , PA
Sep 24 / Academy / Dublin , UK
Sep 26 / Library / Birmingham , UK
Sep 27 / King Tuts / Glasgow , UK
Sep 28 / Club Academy / Manchester , UK
Sep 29 / Islington Assembly Hall / London , UK
Sep 30 / Clwb Ifor Bach / Cardiff , UK
Oct 01 / Les Etoiles / Paris , FRA
Oct 02 / Orangerie @ Botanique / Brussels , BEL
Oct 04 / Melkweg / Amsterdam , HOL
Oct 05 / Yuca / Cologne , GER
Oct 06 / Molotow / Hamburg , GER
Oct 07 / Loppen / Copenhagen , DEN
Oct 08 / Parkteateret / Oslo , NOR
Oct 09 / Debaser Strand / Stockholm , SWE
Oct 11 / Kuddes Linja / Helsinki , FIN
Oct 21 / Irving Plaza / New York , NY
Oct 22 / Irving Plaza / New York , NY
Oct 23 / HOB / Boston , MA
Oct 25 / Port City Music Hall / Portland , ME
Oct 26 / Belmont / Montreal , QC
Oct 27 / Opera House / Toronto , ON
Oct 28 / Agora Ballroom / Cleveland , OH
Oct 29 / Newport Music Hall / Columbus , OH
Nov 1 / Majestic / Detroit , MI
Nov 2 / Concord / Chicago , IL
Nov 3 / First Avenue / Minneapolis , MN
Nov 4 / The Rave II / Milwaukee , WI
Nov 5 / Granada / Lawrence , KS
Nov 6 / Bourbon Theatre / Lincoln , NE
Nov 8 / Cervantes / Denver , CO
Nov 9 / Complex / Salt Lake City , UT
Nov 10 / Knitting Factory / Boise , ID
Nov 11 / Showbox / Seattle , WA
Nov 12 / Rio Theatre / Vancouver , BC
Nov 13 / Roseland / Portland , OR
Nov 15 / WOW Hall / Eugene , OR
Nov 18 / Soma / San Diego , CA
Nov 25 / Warfield / San Francisco , CA
Nov 26 / Fonda / Los Angeles , CA
Australia will compete in Eurovision tonight for the first time in history , despite being more than 8,000 miles away from Europe .
Guy Sebastian is already a bookies ' favourite to win the annual contest with their song “ Tonight Again ” .
They will be among are 27 finalists taking the stage in Vienna , starting with Slovenia and closing with Italy .
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles , events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month
But why is Australia even taking part ?
To mark the competition 's 60th anniversary , Eurovision chose the theme of “ building bridges ” .
Organisers the European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) and the Austrian host station said they invited Australia to compete , bringing the number of countries participating to 40 in total .
The contest 's governing body , the Reference Group , accepted the proposal that also allowed Australia to vote in the final stages and bring in televoting Down Under .
In a statement , executive supervisor Jon Ola Sand said : “ It 's a daring and at the same time incredibly exciting move . It is our way of saying ; let 's celebrate this party together ! ”
Australia has been classed as a “ special guest ” for 2015 but will be automatically allowed to return if it wins and organisers have not ruled out extending the invite permanently .
Why is a non-European country allowed to take part ?
Australian network SBS , which has broadcast Eurovision for more than 30 years , is also a member of the EBU .
The Sydney Morning Herald reports that the broadcaster has paid a “ hefty ” participation fee like other participants , on top of its broadcasting fee , to ensure that Australia 's entrant goes to the final round .
The UK is among several other countries including France , Germany , Italy and Spain who are given an automatic place in the coveted final .
They are known as the Big Five and have been automatically qualifying since 2000 as the largest financial contributors to the EBU .
In 2010 , the BBC reportedly paid £283,190 to screen Eurovision , on top of its own production costs .
Do the Australians care about Eurovision ?
SBS said three million people watched its coverage of last year 's competition .
Michael Ebeid , the managing director , said : “ We are very excited to have secured this historic opportunity for Australia to be represented on the world 's biggest stage at the 60th anniversary of the Eurovision Song Contest and are honoured that the European Broadcasting Union has supported us to achieve this ambition .
“ SBS has been broadcasting Eurovision for over 30 years and we have seen how Australians ' love of the song contest has grown during those years . ”
Is it the first time a non-European country has taken part ?
No . Israel has been a regular competitor since 1973 and won three times , allowed because the Israel Broadcasting Authority is a member of the governing EBU .
Azerbaijan is also taking part and Morocco has in the past . Tunisia and Lebanon are among the other countries considered for an invite .
DETAILS ON WWE 'S DEAL WITH BROCK LESNAR
According to multiple sources , WWE has signed a one year deal with Brock Lesnar that will see the former UFC and WWE champion work for the company through Wrestlemania 29 in New Jersey .
Sources speaking to PWInsider.com state that Lesnar has signed for a minimum two appearances a month over the next year , plus an additional number of appearances during the build to the Mania PPV and obviously , Mania 29 itself .
The belief is that Lesnar will make in the area of 30-35 appearances over the next year , although WWE would have the ability to negotiate additional appearances with them above and beyond that - if Lesnar is willing to make them .
For those of you who are wondering how The Rock plays into this , well , they certainly need someone to challenge for the WWE title one day ....
In a strange coincidence , ten years ago , Lesnar made their WWE main roster debut on Raw with Paul Heyman .... the day after Wrestlemania .
If you enjoy PWInsider.com you can check out the AD-FREE PWInsider Elite section , which features exclusive audio updates , news , our critically acclaimed podcasts , interviews and more , right now for THREE DAYS free by clicking here !
Crazy . That is what you should call the 2017 season for the NC State Wolfpack . After finishing the 2016 season 5–12 , the Wolfpack hoped for better in the following season .
And boy , did they get better . Stunning results , insane wins and a seven-match unbeaten streak going into the ACC Tournament ? That 's better . Unfortunately , the season ended for NC State on Wednesday night , in a home loss to the Hokies of Virginia Tech , but what a year .
NC State finished the 2017 season with a 8–5–4 record . Here 's how that happened .
A Stunning Start
The Wolfpack opened their season with a thrilling 3–2 win over Florida Atlantic . All five goals were scored in a 12-minute span , starting in the 21st when FAU scored to make it 1–0 . Four goals later , the Wolfpack took the lead for good with a nice rebound goal by Manny Perez in the 33rd-minute , putting the Wolfpack in the win column on opening day .
NC State suffered a minor blow in game two of the season , falling in overtime on the road to William & Mary . After being down two goals with less than twenty minutes to go , NC State found the back of the net twice in five minutes , tying things up and sending it into overtime . However , the momentum unfortunately did not last into the extra period , and the Tribe nabbed the winning goal in the first three minutes .
Due to weather , the matchup between LIU-Brooklyn was cancelled , giving NC State plenty of time to prepare before their big match against Clemson .
A Story of Upsets : Part One
And prepare they must have .
On September 8th , NC State got their first big win of the 2017 season , taking down # 3 Clemson in Raleigh 1–0 . Manny Perez scored their third goal of the season in the seventh-minute of the game , and even with a 71st-minute red card to the Wolfpack 's Diego Campos , the defense still held on to take down the mighty Tigers .
Tough Times
After taking down Longwood 2–1 on Sep. 10 to move to 3–1–0 , the Wolfpack hit a bit of a snag , going 1–3–1 over their next five .
That said , the three losses were to three top-five ACC programs : # 2 Notre Dame , # 4 Wake Forest and # 5 North Carolina . NC State did not manage to score in any of those three losses , losing by a total of 7–0 .
The team 's lone win in the span was a 3–0 victory against UNC-Asheville on Sep. 26 .
While the Wolfpack did fall to both Notre Dame and Wake by the score of 3–0 , NC State only lost to rival UNC 1–0 .
The narrow defeat to the Tar Heels seemed to stir something inside of the members of the Wolfpack . At 4–4–1 , the team suddenly found another gear and surged into the final stages of the season as if they had a mission to complete .
The Turnaround
The Wolfpack began a seven-match unbeaten run to finish off the 2017 regular season with a 3–0 win against Belmont . Three second half goals boosted NC State to give them their fourth shutout of the season , and more of those would come .
The Wolfpack followed up that win with a 2–1 win on the road against ACC foe Syracuse and then back-to-back 0–0 draws against USC Upstate and # 10 Virginia .
NC State kept their unbeaten streak alive with a 2–1 home win against a good UNC-Wilmington squad . UNCW thought that they had sent the match into sudden death , but Ade Taiwo scored the winner in the 86th minute .
A Story of Upsets : Part Two
Then , the Wolfpack took down their second top-five program this season on the road in Louisville , defeating the Cardinals 3–2 on Oct. 21 .
Manny Perez played the hero once again , scoring twice against the Cardinals . They scored the match winner in the 88th minute , punching Cardinal fans in the heart . It was Perez 's fifth goal of the season .
The team sealed a top-eight finish in ACC play with their 0–0 tie against Boston College at home on the final day of the season . That top-eight finish earned them a home game against Virginia Tech in the ACC Tournament on Nov. 1 .
An early exit from postseason play
Hosting a game in the tournament was a far cry from the 5–12 finish of a year ago , and NC State fans were right to be excited about it . Sadly , the Wolfpack season came to an end on Wednesday night as NC State fell in OT 2–1 after Tech notched a goal in the first five minutes of the first overtime period .
The Wolfpack ended the year 8–5–4 and had several major upsets and surprises throughout the season . There 's still a chance that they 'll make the NCAA Tournament , which starts on November 16th , but it 's an outside shot .
Still with the incredible improvement from 2016 to 2017 , NC State fans should be excited for the 2018 season . Watch out ACC , the Wolfpack are coming .
With football season around the corner , FOXSports.com is providing a thorough analysis of all 32 teams heading into training camp . The offseason may have lacked some hard-hitting action , but franchise-altering moves have been made . Parity is excessive as ever . Every team looks great on paper in July . But it 's the development and seasoning of a team that will matter in January and , yes … even February . Goodbye , offseason !
The series continues with the Miami Dolphins .
2013 : 8-8 , third in AFC East
Head coach : Joe Philbin
Key departures : DB Chris Clemons , OL Richie Incognito , OL Jonathan Martin , DL Paul Soliai
Key arrivals : OL Brandon Albert , DB Louis Delmas , DB Cortland Finnegan , rookie OL Ja'Wuan James , RB Knowshon Moreno , OL Shelley Smith
THREE QUESTIONS
1 . Can the supposedly upgraded offensive line keep Ryan Tannehill on their feet ?
Tannehill got a good look at the Miami sky during their sophomore season , as they were sacked a franchise-record 58 times . Sure , the bullying scandal and related games missed by starters did n't help things , but the line was n't good from Week 1 .
Management at least addressed this major deficiency in the offseason by bringing in Albert , a former first-round pick , and Smith via free agency and adding James out of the University of Tennessee . With second-year guy Dallas Thomas apparently much improved , it looked like center Mike Pouncey would theoretically be surrounded by upgrades on either side of them heading into the 2014 campaign .
Then came the bad news in mid-June that Pouncey would likely miss the first few games of the season following hip surgery , leaving the team scrambling at center heading into training camp . Backups Sam Brenner and Nate Garner are capable , but Pouncey was a Pro Bowler last season and their presence as the leadership voice of the offensive line will undoubtedly be missed , especially with the opening two games being division contests against New England and Buffalo .
The quandary for management : Do they spend some money and sign a high-end free agent like former Dolphin Samson Satele or ex-Bengal Kyle Cook but risk them being a waste of cash if Pouncey comes back early ? Or do they wait and see how Pouncey progresses and potentially miss out on those guys ? With the signing this week of veteran Daryn Colledge , it appears the Dolphins are willing to sit and wait for the time being , but there 's still plenty of time for panic to set in .
2 . Can new OC Bill Lazor get things going ?
The Dolphins were pathetic on offense last season , averaging just 19.8 points a game ( 26th ) . They also managed just 90 rushing yards a contest , ranked 27th in yards-per-game ( 312.9 ) and were 28th in time of possession ( 28:42 ) . Basically , when they did have the ball — which was n't for very long — they did n't do much of anything with it .
The losses of free agent signings TE Dustin Keller , who tore all three major knee ligaments in the preseason , and slot receiver Brandon Gibson , to a lesser knee problem in late October , certainly hurt the unit , but coordinator Mike Sherman clearly was n't getting the most out of the talent at their disposal . So they were disposed of .
In comes Bill Lazor , who has never been an offensive coordinator in the NFL but coached the quarterbacks for Washington ( 2006-07 ) , Seattle ( 2008-09 ) and Philadelphia ( 2013 ) and has run offenses at the college level ( Buffalo and Virginia ) . Though there is not a lot to go by from Lazor 's history , the limited amount of plays we saw during OTAs and minicamp involved a ton of one thing : motion .
Players have called Lazor 's new scheme interesting , exciting and a work in progress . It involves a quarterback who needs to make quick decisions and backs and receivers moving all over the place pre-snap to exploit perceived weak spots in the defense and create matchup difficulties .
With a speed guy in Mike Wallace , solid possession receivers in Brian Hartline and Gibson , and third-year running back Lamar Miller , Lazor has all the weapons they need to make this offense work .
3 . Will Knowshon Moreno be of any use in 2014 ?
Moreno was brought in to challenge Miller for the starting job , but all he 's done so far this offseason is manage to get hurt .
Moreno earned their $ 5 million deal with a very nice 2013 campaign that saw them rush for 1,038 yards and 10 touchdowns in a pass-heavy Denver offense . However , 224 of those yards came in one contest against the Patriots and Moreno failed to top 25 yards in three of their final five games .
Their knees continue to be an issue , as the surgery they underwent last month was on the opposite knee from the one they tore the ACL in back in 2011 . They are expected to be back in action at some point in training camp that begins July 24 , but will they be too far behind Miller to give them any kind of run for their money ?
BREAKOUT PLAYER
Running back Lamar Miller
Lamar Miller .
The fashionable guy to focus on would probably be second-year defensive end Dion Jordan . The big problem for the former first-round pick , though , is how deep the Dolphins are at defensive end . Just how many snaps will Jordan see if Cameron Wake and Olivier Vernon continue to excel ? Will they get enough to have a breakout season ? I think not .
Thus , it 's Miller , the third-year back out of the University of Miami who struggled last year as a starter behind the awful line but has shown flashes of what they might be capable of if given holes and a role in an offense that fits their skillset .
Luckily for Miller , Lazor 's offense is built for speed , something they have plenty of . While they have n't got to show it off yet much during their short NFL career , Miller was an All-ACC track participant in college who put up a personal best of 10.56 in the 100 meters .
Sure , speed on a track is a lot different from having football quickness , but in Lazor 's new offense where Miller will be moved around from the backfield to the slot and maybe even out wide , they will get plenty of chances to catch balls , allowing them to show off their ability to potentially turn a short pass into a big gain .
Miller caught 26 passes last season , only nine fewer than Reggie Bush did the previous year , so it 's clear management has faith in their hands and YAC ability . Add their receiving yards to the improved totals on the ground they should see with the re-tooled offensive line , and Miller is primed for a breakout campaign .
REASON FOR OPTIMISM
While the offense might have struggled last season , the defense did n't . Yes , the loss of standout defensive tackle Paul Soliai might sting a little , especially considering how much trouble the team had stopping the run in 2013 ( 124.9 yards a game , 24th in the league ) , but the Dolphins were eighth in points allowed last season ( 20.9 per game ) and have the chance to be even better this season .
The cream of the Dolphins defense is defensive end , where Wake and Vernon combined for 18.5 sacks in 2013 . The reserves are also useful , as Derrick Shelby showed potential in limited action , and Jordan is clearly stronger and injury-free entering their sophomore season .
Cameron Wake .
With newly re-signed Brent Grimes anchoring down one corner , the much-improved Jamar Taylor a potential breakout candidate on the other side of the field , along with the addition of veterans Louis Delmas and Cortland Finnegan , the secondary is also a very capable unit .
Linebacker , meanwhile , was a position of concern last season thanks to the underwhelming 2013 performances from free agent additions Philip Wheeler and Dannell Ellerbe . To try and remedy that situation , Koa Misi has been moved to the middle to try and get the most out of their solid overall play and instincts .
If Misi shores up the middle and the offense improves enough to keep the defense off the field a little more than last season , watch out .
REASON FOR PANIC
The Dolphins will only go as far as the offensive line can take them . It 's as simple as that . It 's rare to see one team start a season with a completely different unit than it finished the previous season , but that 's the situation in Miami .
General manager Dennis Hickey 's career with the Dolphins would get off to a great start if the line does the same in the first few games without Pouncey , especially with those two divisional contests to open the season .
On the other hand , if James plays like a rookie , Smith plays like a career backup and Thomas reverts to their shaky form of 2013 , then Hickey will be in for a barrage of abuse on sports radio and fans could be in for a very long season .
The coaching staff , which also has a lot to prove for various reasons , would also be under severe pressure if the team stumbles out of the gate . Philbin has yet to really endear themselves to the fan base , but a solid campaign would make many forget about the Martin-Incognito case and probably buy Philbin at least another couple of years of employment .
ALEX MARVEZ 'S 2014 PREDICTION
One of the NFL 's leakiest offensive lines was upgraded with the acquisition of two new starting tackles : Brandon Albert and 2014 first-round pick Ja'Wuan James . The skill-position talent is solid . And new offensive coordinator Bill Lazor is expected to field a high-tempo scheme with concepts learned last season under Chip Kelly in Philadelphia . But all of this will be for naught if third-year quarterback Ryan Tannehill does n't make significant strides – especially when throwing the deep ball to wide receiver Mike Wallace and getting a better feel for the pass rush to avoid sacks . Prediction : 8-8
Urgent :
Should Obama Be Impeached ? Vote Now in Urgent Poll
Urgent :
Should Obama Be Impeached ? Vote Now in Urgent Poll
`` The Rush Limbaugh Show '' on Wednesday accused a `` small number of hardcore political activists '' and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee of being behind a two-year-old Stop Rush protest that amounts to `` blackmail '' of small business people who advertise with the high-profile conservative talk-show host.In a release issued on Businesswire.com , Limbaugh 's show fired back at the smear campaign against him : “ The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee 's newest email spam , asking their recipients to sign a petition calling for sponsors to end their relationship with The Rush Limbaugh Show , is based on the two-year old Stop Rush political protest as its inspiration . After an investigation , The Rush Limbaugh Show has discovered a far darker story to Stop Rush , and is today releasing the hidden story of the people and motives behind the Stop Rush conspiracy. ” Limbaugh show spokesperson Brian Glicklich said in a post on the show 's website that `` a small number of politically motivated out-of-state activists are distributing target lists indiscriminately , and annoying small businesses until they give up the advertising deals that help them grow , or risk being unable to conduct business at all . `` `` It 's not even activism … it 's blackmail , '' they said.The Limbaugh show 's website called the number of people behind the protest `` remarkably tiny , '' alleging just 10 Twitter users account for almost 70 percent of all Stop Rush tweets to advertisers , `` amplified by illicit software . `` `` [ T ] hese activists are not and never would have been customers … their only role is to harass small businesses in an attempt to interfere with their operations , as long as they are advertising with Rush , '' the website story charged.According to `` The Rush Limbaugh Show , '' the anti-Limbaugh move uses automated tweeting software that lets users blast out tweets faster than someone writing their own posts.The show charges the use of such equipment violates Twitter rules . `` They send barrages of thousands of messages through this software until advertisers are bullied and harassed into cancellation , '' the show said.Despite claims that a significant grassroots movement opposes Limbaugh and their show advertisers , Limbaugh 's team says it 's a sham. “ These activists have long operated in secret and anonymously , '' the show says . But now , The Rush Limbaugh Show has the results of an investigation that names the people tweeting , facebooking , and emailing small businesses with harassing and bullying messages over and over until they surrender.The list of people the show accused of being behind the movement includes a professor at Kent State University , who allegedly uses their official email account to hound advertisers , the show said.But the man behind the movement , it maintains , is Media Matters for America executive vice president Angelo Carusone , who was interviewed in the Village Voice about the protest that initially targeted conservative talk-show host Glenn Beck , and then took on Limbaugh two years ago . `` I believe persistence pays off , '' Carusone told the Voice about their Stop Beck effort . `` … it was effective every day , because we attached real financial consequences to what they were doing . ''
In Jamaica , some men are labelled as criminals just for expressing their love.Attempts to hold a Pride in the Ukrainian capital Kyiv have repeatedly run into roadblocks because of very real threats of violence and a police force unwilling to protect participants.And in South Africa , homophobic hatred all too often leads to violent attacks and killings which frequently go uninvestigated by police . These three countries provide just a snapshot of the types of discrimination and violence faced by lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex ( LGBTI ) people the world over . In many countries , such a climate of prejudice increases the likelihood of physical attacks and other human rights abuses against people because of their real or perceived sexual orientation and gender identity . On 17 May , to mark the International Day against Homophobia and Transphobia ( IDAHO ) , Amnesty International supporters worldwide will take action to highlight the human rights situation of LGBTI people in these three countries and show solidarity . High levels of discriminationAround the world , individuals face numerous human rights violations because of their real or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity . LGBTI people face disproportionately high levels of discrimination when accessing healthcare , education , employment and housing . In many countries , consensual same-sex conduct remains criminalized and LGBTI people are often subjected to violence , harassment , arbitrary arrests , unlawful detention , imprisonment , and torture . Several countries still impose the death penalty for same-sex consensual relations , and it is at risk of being introduced in some others.They are also denied the right to freedom of expression and assembly – in some countries , activists organizing Pride events face bans by city authorities or inadequate police protection when the Prides are threatened with violence.IDAHO was created in 2004 to draw the attention of policymakers , opinion leaders , social movements , the public and the media to such issues . It takes place on 17 May each year to commemorate the World Health Organization 's decision in 1990 to declassify “ homosexuality ” as a mental disorder . “ Simply because of who they are , LGBTI people in many countries face discrimination , violence and fear as a part of their daily lives , ” said Emily Gray of the Gender , Sexuality and Identity Programme at Amnesty International . “ On the International Day against Homophobia and Transphobia , Amnesty International is calling on thousands of activists to make a strong show of solidarity to help change attitudes and realities in Jamaica , Ukraine and South Africa. ” Activists respondIn Jamaica , consensual same-sex conduct between men continues to be criminalized and punishable by up to 10 years behind bars . While these laws are rarely implemented , the resulting climate of prejudice increases the likelihood of discrimination , physical attacks and other human rights abuses against people because of their real or perceived sexual orientation and gender identity . Such discrimination translates into frequent incidents of arbitrary arrests , detention and ill-treatment of LGBTI people . Access to healthcare , housing , employment and other services is also limited by disproportionately high levels of discrimination.During December 2011 electoral campaign , the current Prime Minister , Portia Simpson-Miller , stated that “ no one should be discriminated against because of their sexual orientation ” , and that the “ government should provide protection ” for LGBTI people . Amnesty International activists are using Twitter to remind the Prime Minister and their government of the urgency to take concrete action to back up this pledge . Meanwhile in Europe , LGBTI people in Ukraine face negative stereotyping and discriminatory treatment by members of the public and officials . Religious leaders and elected government officials have been known openly to make discriminatory comments about LGBTI people . No Pride march has ever taken place in Ukraine . A march planned in the capital Kyiv last May was cancelled because of threats of violence against participants from members of the public , and a police failure to put adequate security measures in place . Other public events by LGBTI groups have been banned for fear of eliciting negative reactions from the public , and LGBTI activists have been prosecuted for exercising their right to freedom of peaceful assembly . There are fears that a Pride planned for 25 May this year may once again be cancelled because of threats and inadequate protection measures from the police . Amnesty International fully supports Kyiv Pride . It has been working with the organizers to ensure local authorities allow it to go ahead without hindrance , and will send a delegation to support the march.Activists are also focusing on South Africa , where hate crimes targeting individuals because of their real or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity are all too common . Between June and November 2012 alone , Amnesty International documented seven murders of LGBTI people in the country – though the actual number is likely to be much higher . There is an apparent disconnect between South Africa 's progressive laws on LGBTI issues , and practical access to justice for LGBTI individuals who are victims of hate crimes . This is evident in the failure of the police to investigate adequately cases of violence against LGBTI people and the continuing climate of fear they endure , especially in townships and rural areas . On the whole , impunity for such hate crimes pervades . On and around this 17 May , Amnesty International supporters will send personal messages of solidarity to LGBTI activists in South Africa , to stand together against hate crimes . “ Amnesty International believes that all people , regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity , should be able to exercise their full human rights without fear of violence , discrimination and persecution , ” said Emily Gray .
This is a great season of one of the most entertaining shows currently in production .
In contrast to seasons past , there was a lovely bond among most of the contestants . While some might miss the `` drama , '' this warmth is something I prefer seeing . It is an often-made point on the show that gay men must make their own `` families , '' so watching infighting and back-standing just makes me sad . I 'm much more inspired by the respect and support evident in this season and a few others .
Of course , every rule has exceptions and , as the reunion episode most clearly reveals , Both Valentina and Bonita Brown have toxic personalities ( exhibiting borderline clinical levels of entitlement/egomania , and paranoia respectively ) , and stand in stark contrast to the generosity of spirit exhibited by the rest of the season 's contestants .
These two bad apples aside , this is one of the strongest seasons in a while : plenty of talent is on display here , and I could n't be happier with the outcome . The win was truly deserved !
— Twenty years ago this November , Texas elected George P. Bush 's uncle as governor . That election cemented Republicans in power in the Lone Star State after a steady period of ascendance .
Democrats have n't won a statewide elective office since and their candidates for governor ( state Sen. Wendy Davis ) and lieutenant governor ( state Sen. Leticia Van de Putte ) are currently seen here in Texas as underdogs this fall .
In the two decades since George W. Bush became governor , the Republican Party here has turned several shades redder . Texas might qualify now as the epicenter of the conservative movement across the country . Here is just one example .
George P. Bush is the grandson and nephew of two presidents and the son of a former governor who is a possible presidential candidate in 2016 . They are running for land commissioner in Texas this fall . Their campaign symbolizes the steady rightward drift of the Republican Party in the Lone Star State .
The younger Bush carries one of the most famous names in American politics but other than the name , they are hardly basing their message on the legacy of their famous relatives . Even someone named Bush , apparently , is cautious about running as a Republican in Texas on the platform and principles of the kinder-gentler party of the family patriarch , former president George H.W . Bush .
They were interviewed here Friday night at the opening of the Texas Tribune Festival , a weekend of political talk sessions that has drawn thousands of people to the campus of the University of Texas .
The session was an illuminating 60 minutes as they sketched their conservative bona fides on immigration , same-sex marriage and other issues . They described themselves as “ a Ronald Reagan Republican ” and acknowledged that they have called Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Tex . ) the future of the GOP .
The most surprising moment came when the conversation shifted to the 2016 presidential race . Evan Smith , the Tribune 's CEO and editor-in-chief , noted Bush 's description of Cruz as the future ( offered when Cruz was first running for Senate ) and asked if they would endorse the senator for president , should the senator run .
Bush responded diplomatically , saying that they planned to stay out of presidential politics in 2016 . Smith then asked the obvious follow-up question And got a more surprising answer . They asked : Would the younger Bush endorse their father , Jeb Bush , if the former Florida governor jumps into the race . Bush declined to say they would .
In November , Texas voters could elect the most conservative ticket of statewide officials in the state 's history . Grass-roots activists are even more conservative , as evidenced by the state GOP platform that was produced earlier this summer .
A look at the party 's changing leadership shows how things have changed . In Washington , Cruz replaced former senator Kay Bailey Hutchison , who is a moderate conservative more in tune with the Bush wing of the party . Cruz is the darling of tea party and grass-roots conservative activists .
The state 's other senator , John Cornyn , is far from a firebrand in tone and temperament . On many issues , however , they may be as conservative as former Texas senator Phil Gramm . Still , they drew a primary challenge last spring ( one they easily brushed off ) because they did n't satisfy the party 's hard-right faction .
In Austin , the biggest changing of the guard in statewide offices in years will take place after November , regardless of how individual races end .
Texas Gov . Rick Perry ( R ) is retiring after 14 years in office , with an eye to running for president again in 2016 . They are more conservative than George W. Bush was as governor . If Republicans are successful in November , their successor , state Attorney General Greg Abbott , would be as , if not more , conservative than Perry in their ideas and style .
The state also will get a new lieutenant governor , an office that is one of the most powerful in Texas , rivaling that of the governor . The current occupant is David Dewhurst . They are leaving after having twice been defeated by tea party-backed opponents .
Their first loss came in 2012 , when Cruz beat them in a runoff for the Senate nomination . This year they were challenged in a four-way race in the primary for lieutenant governor . They made it into the second round , but lost the runoff .
The winner was state Sen. Dan Patrick , a radio talk show host who ran as the “ authentic conservative ” and is to the right of Dewhurst . Political analysts here say the next state Senate likely will be more conservative than the current one .
On issues , the grass roots of the party give voice to the evolution . The GOP platform adopted at the state convention this summer jettisoned what was known as the “ Texas Solution ” on immigration . The new plank calls for repealing the state law that allows resident Texas children of illegal immigrants to pay in-state tuition at state universities . The law was passed more than a decade ago with almost no opposition in either the state House or Senate .
The platform also calls for repealing the U.S. Constitution 's 17th Amendment , which allows the direct election of senators by popular vote , and returning that power to the state legislatures . The document decried the “ appointment of unelected bureaucrats ” and called on Congress to “ defund and abolish ” such positions . It also urged the legislature to “ ignore , oppose , refuse , and nullify any federal mandated legislation which infringes upon the states ' 10th Amendment Right . ”
Platforms often are ignored by elected officials and should not be taken too seriously as a blueprint for how a party would govern . But the 2014 document is a measure of what the most ardent activists in the state see as an ideal .
Democrats believe the GOP is now outside the mainstream of the Texas electorate . They will be tested to show that in November . Over time , they count on the state 's changing demographics either to bring them to power or to force the Republicans to shift back to the center .
Davis sought to make Abbott 's views an issue in their first debate Friday night . They went on offense , but Abbott parried effectively . Them hope now is to tap the energy around their candidacy to produce a bigger-than-expected turnout in November .
Meanwhile , the question is to what extent the Texas brand of conservatism is exportable in a national election . Perry and Cruz both are both considered possible 2016 candidates .
Perry 's platform would be built around the state 's economic gains and job growth during their tenure — a philosophy of low taxes , less regulation , fewer services and business incentives . Memories of their disastrous 2012 campaign stand as an obstacle in their path .
Cruz is the far more popular potential presidential candidate among Texas Republican activists , already eclipsing Perry even though they have been in office for not quite two years . They have lit a fire at party and conservative gatherings and appears poised to test their ideas in a national campaign .
Texas proudly thinks of itself as a nation-state . It has produced three presidents since the last half century — two Republicans named Bush and Lyndon B. Johnson . But will the country embrace the new Republican Party of Texas , if given the opportunity ?
Bitcoin is going bananas .
The cryptocurrency was 10.1 % higher at $ 1,127.48 per coin just after noon in New York on Wednesday , bringing its 2017 gain to 17.8 % .
On its first trading day of the new year , bitcoin crossed above the $ 1,000 mark for the first time since 2013 .
Bitcoin is up 95 % since the beginning of September , and it gained 123 % in 2016 , making it the top performing currency for the second year in a row .
Bitcoin 's gains have been buoyed by renewed interest from China , where money is rushing out of the country as its currency , the yuan , continues to weaken . China 's foreign-exchange reserves shrank by about 8 % in 2016 to $ 3.05 trillion as of November . The outflows have pushed the yuan to its weakest levels against the dollar since 2008 .
According to a recent Business Insider Intelligence briefing , citing data from Cryptocompare : `` In the first 24 hours of the new year , over 5 million bitcoins were bought in Chinese yuan , equating to $ 3.8 billion . In contrast , just 53,000 bitcoins were bought in US dollars . '' And while not all of that translates into people actually buying and holding , it shows the tremendous appetite for bitcoin in China .
The situation is unlikely to improve anytime soon unless China takes action to stop the bleeding amid the US Federal Reserve ratcheting up its 2017 interest-rate hike expectations to three from two . If those rate hikes happen , an even weaker yuan is most likely in the cards , creating an even more beneficial scenario for bitcoin .
Bitcoin More
NOW WATCH : Watch Yellen explain why the Federal Reserve decides to raise rates
More From Business Insider
Designing Superhumans
Enlarge this image iStockphoto iStockphoto
The age of genetic design is here .
It is now possible to edit genes of diverse organisms — almost like we edit a string of text — by cutting and pasting ( splicing ) genes at desired locations . A recent technology known as CRISPR ( clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats ) allows for the targeted control over cellular organization , regulation and behavior . CRISPR has its origins in the immune systems of bacteria , using short RNA sequences to disrupt the genetic structure of foreign attackers .
Last month , Chinese scientists led by Junjiu Huang , from Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou , used the technology to edit the genome of human embryos . The team used non-viable embryos for their research in order to avoid ethical debates about the use of a living human embryo for basic research . Their goal was the modification of the gene associated with a potentially fatal blood disorder . This would be a noble goal for the new technology , as it could potentially eradicate devastating genetic diseases before birth .
The problem is that such modifications , being made at the genetic level , are inheritable by future generations . As such , it could in principle cure genetic diseases but it also could be used to essentially redesign a family line — not just by curing diseases , but by adding desirable aspects ( athleticism , intelligence , good looks ) while erasing undesirable ones ( you can come up with your own list ) .
In March , a team of prominent researchers published a comment in Nature admonishing against the ethical implications of this kind of research . The title says it all : Do n't Edit the Human Germ-Line . From the comment :
`` In our view , genome editing in human embryos using current technologies could have unpredictable effects on future generations . This makes it dangerous and ethically unacceptable . Such research could be exploited for non-therapeutic modifications . We are concerned that a public outcry about such an ethical breach could hinder a promising area of therapeutic development , namely making genetic changes that can not be inherited . ''
Meanwhile , Oxford University philosopher Nick Bostrom and others have argued that a path toward greater-than-current human intelligence and other traits is to use selective breeding . The technique starts with the selection of embryos with high genetic desirability , and proceeds by extracting stem cells from these embryos , converting them to sperms and ova , which mature in six months or less . Cross the new sperm and ova to produce embryos and repeat until large genetic changes have been accumulated . This procedure would allow breeders to bypass ten or more generation selections in just a few years , as opposed to centuries .
Add this technique to CRISPR , and we have the possibility of redesigning the human race .
The ethical and political implications of such technologies bring to life the specter of an extreme form of eugenics . It allows individuals to decide how to enhance their descendants — essentially eliminating chance from the generational transmission of genetic traits — and for countries to improve their population by imposing programs that encourage not just the selective choice of intelligence and athleticism of its subjects but also , in dictatorial regimes , their obedience , conformity and risk aversion . The possibilities are as promising as nightmarish .
Farther ahead , the technique could also include designed genes — that is , genes that are not naturally occurring but that have been artificially designed to add a certain characteristic to a human or animal . Whales could be `` uplifted '' to acquire human cognitive abilities , or humans to grow wings . This sounds very far-fetched right now , but so did a technology like CRISPR 20 years ago .
As Bostrom remarked , `` Far from being the smartest possible biological species , we are probably better thought of as the stupidest possible biological species capable of starting a technological civilization . ''
A new technology , once invented , does n't get efficiently forbidden so as to go away . Gene manipulation can be of great benefit and harm to humanity . There is a difference between genome editing in somatic cells and germ ( embryo ) cells . Only time will tell whether our species will be mature enough to use the new technology with wisdom . A first step in this direction is to bring the dialogue of its uses into the open .
Marcelo Gleiser is a theoretical physicist and cosmologist — and professor of natural philosophy , physics and astronomy at Dartmouth College . They are the co-founder of 13.7 , a prolific author of papers and essays , and active promoter of science to the general public . Their latest book is The Island of Knowledge : The Limits of Science and the Search for Meaning . You can keep up with Marcelo on Facebook and Twitter : @ mgleiser .
LONDON — The police in Finland arrested Iraqi twin brothers on Tuesday suspected of being members of the Islamic State and of shooting 11 unarmed prisoners in Iraq in June 2014 , Finnish news reports said Thursday .
Finland 's National Bureau of Investigation said on Thursday that the men had arrived in Finland in September and were arrested following an investigation . News reports said they did not resist arrest .
Finnish law enforcement officials did not specify whether the men had arrived as part of the influx of migrants to Europe from the Middle East and beyond . But the Finnish national broadcaster , Yle , reported that the men , who are 23 , were asylum seekers , and the arrests intensified concerns that terrorists were slipping into the stream of refugees in an effort to avoid detection by security forces .
Yle , citing the National Bureau of Investigation 's chief inspector , Jari Raty , said the men were suspected of killing 11 people during a massacre by the Islamic State of as many as 1,700 unarmed Iraqi soldiers in June 2014 at Camp Speicher near Tikrit , northwest of Baghdad .
Lost amidst the dark clouds that circle Redmond is a ray of light for Microsoft : Windows Phone 8 . This month , the tracking firm IDC released Q2 numbers that saw Windows Phone 8 shipments vault 78 % from the same period last year . Even with its paltry 3.8 % marketshare , Windows Phone has finally overtaken BlackBerry and established itself as a legitimate # 3 player in the smartphone wars .
Microsoft has taken a further step to bolster Windows Phone 8 adoption by launching a beta of its own DIY app building tool : Windows Phone App Studio . Windows Phone App Studio lets anyone take on the task of building their own app without requiring a single line of code ( the Holy Grail of these confused times ) . App Studio is an online tool that allows you to pick a template and then drag and drop your way to fully functional native Windows Phone app .
Call me a cynic , but I 've never been a huge fan of DIY app builders : they are usually buggy and nothing but a boilerplate template that give you little flexibility to create a unique app . However , Microsoft 's App Studio is easy and remarkably flexible :
App Studio is cool .
App Studio has enough knobs to tune the experience you want to deliver to your user . For instance , you can design an app that stores all of it 's data local to the phone and not require an internet connection to work . On the other hand you can choose to have your app content hosted on the web and let your app refresh it 's data every time a user opens it up . For the coders out there , App Studio lets you download the source code generated for your app so you can customize it even further !
For those of you looking to jump in the app game , Windows Phone 8 is one place where you will still find opportunities to build an app that does n't have 5 other apps competing against it . With the continued nose dive by BlackBerry , Windows Phone 8 is poised to continue to grow and is estimated to reach 11 % marketshare by 2016 . Microsoft ' Windows Phone App Studio makes it very easy for you to create your own app on a tiny budget ( the developer license is being offered for a limited time for $ 19 / year ) .
You can sign up for the Windows Phone App Studio beta by sending an email to studio @ microsoft.com to request an invitation code ( which is delivered almost immediately ) . App Studio comes with a functional Windows Phone emulator so you do n't need a Windows Phone device to start making your app .
Elgin resident wins $ 24,000 on `` Jeopardy ! '' debut
hello
Elisabeth Carrel of Elgin , pictured here with `` Jeopardy ! '' host Alex Trebek , won $ 24,000 on their `` Jeopardy '' debut -- but not before Trebek teased them for blurting out a response before ringing in . Photo courtesy of `` Jeopardy ! ''
A fixture in Elgin trivia circles had a come-from-behind win during their `` Jeopardy ! '' debut Monday , raking in $ 24,000 and earning a chance to defend their title today .
Elisabeth Carrel , an Elgin resident and Arlington Heights native , turned in a strong performance the entire show , but they really cleaned up during Final Jeopardy .
They started that round in second place with $ 13,000 and bet $ 11,000 on this answer in the category of translated film titles : `` This Robert DeNiro film is known as 'Il Cacciatore ' . ''
The question ? `` What is the 'Deer Hunter ? ' ''
Carrel 's brave wager means she 'll be the one to beat in today 's rounds .
`` I was surprised , very pleased , because I was the only one who knew the final answer , '' Carrel said .
They work as a copy editor at Farm Progress Companies in St. Charles ; they previously worked at the Daily Herald for more than 20 years .
During the show , Carrel got off to a good start by getting a Daily Double in the first round .
That allowed them to double their earnings from $ 600 to $ 1,200 .
They ended that round in first place , with $ 3,200 . Also during that round , `` Jeopardy ! '' host Alex Trebek gently chided Carrel for blurting out a response without first ringing in .
Them shows were taped on Dec. 13 .
After their first episode was recorded , Carrel had a few minutes to change their clothes and refresh their makeup to make it look like a new day for the cameras .
Carrel has watched `` Jeopardy '' for years , and several categories focused on their strengths -- geography , English literature and wordplay .
She 's also part of a local trivia team out of Elgin Public House that meets every Wednesday and has won at least three tournaments .
But they wo n't get to collect their earnings for another several months , per the show 's rules .
The returning champion 's next show airs at 3:30 p.m. today on ABC 7 .
SANDY , Utah ( Thursday , October 26 , 2017 ) – Real Salt Lake has signed Head Coach Mike Petke to a long-term contract extension , RSL Owner Dell Loy Hansen announced today . Terms of the multi-year deal were not disclosed .
“ Loyalty is huge for me . I am ecstatic about Mr. Hansen coming to me and offering me this contract , ” Petke said . “ I 'm ecstatic at the prospect of being here at least three more years . And I 'm excited and ecstatic about what I think we can accomplish together – Mr. Hansen , ( General Manager ) Craig Waibel , myself , the players … the whole organization . I 'm on cloud nine because I have an owner who values me , likes what I 'm doing and wants to reward me for that . ”
In their first season in charge of the Claret-and-Cobalt , Petke led RSL to a 13-12-4 ( win/loss/draw ) record , narrowly missing on a playoff berth after an 0-3-2 start before they took the helm . That record included a run of 8-3-4 and 25 points to close out the season after a 6-2 win on July 4 on the road against the LA Galaxy . The Claret-and-Cobalt record in the final four months of the 2017 MLS season represented the fourth-best mark in the league spanning the final 15 matches , behind only Toronto FC ( 9-2-4 ) , Seattle Sounders FC ( 8-2-5 ) and Columbus Crew SC ( 8-2-5 ) .
`` The arrival of Mike Petke into our organization over the last 10 months , first as head coach of the Monarchs and then in their seven months with RSL , has re-energized not only the fan base and the locker room , but myself and every single person involved , '' said Hansen , who joined RSL as a part-Owner in October , 2009 , prior to assuming full control in January , 2013 . `` Watching Mike work with their players and staff daily , and the Monarchs staff with Mark Briggs , while keeping an eye on the Academy development with Martin Vasquez , witnessing their passion and work ethic while implementing the vision that Craig Waibel and Rob Zarkos and I have for the sport in our community , all of this is truly inspiring for our future . I hope our fans share in this excitement and optimism for 2018 and beyond . ''
Under Petke 's watch , several RSL players have seen success at the club level as well as on the international stage in recent months . FW Jefferson Savarino ( Venezuela ) and MF Albert Rusnák ( Slovakia ) both made their senior international debuts , while FW Joao Plata was called back into Ecuador for the first time since 2014 .
“ We put a lot of stock in player development and Mike has been tremendous in that regard this season . Their success on the field and great leadership in integrating young players does a lot to confirm the confidence we had in them when we first hired them with the Monarchs and when we promoted them earlier this year , ” Waibel said .
Petke – who joined the Utah club back on December 23 , 2016 , as head coach of the USL 's Real Monarchs – previously served as the New York Red Bulls Head Coach for two seasons in 2013-14 . They led the Red Bulls to a franchise-best two-year run in club history , amassing a 30-19-19 mark while giving the club its first-ever trophy , the 2013 MLS Supporters Shield . In 2014 , the Red Bulls finished one goal shy of MLS Cup , dropping its Eastern Conference Finals series .
After growing up on Long Island , Petke appeared as a player in 196 of their 351 career MLS games with the MetroStars/Red Bulls , also playing with D.C. United and Colorado Rapids during their 13-year MLS career . A three-time MLS All-Star , Petke won MLS Cup with D.C. United in 2004 . Prior to their professional career , they played collegiately at Southern Connecticut and as a prep at St. John 's The Baptist High School in West Islip , New York .
Petke will retain each of their 2017 assistant coaches Freddy Juarez , Tyrone Marshall and Todd Hofford , video analyst Ted Eck and strength coaches Henry Ruggiero and Matt Howley .
Petke is the fourth head coach in Real Salt Lake 's 13-year Major League Soccer history , following John Ellinger ( 17-39-16 over 82 games from 2005-07 ) , Jason Kreis ( 111-87-68 over 266 games from 2007-13 ) and Jeff Cassar ( 44-42-45 over 131 games from 2014-17 ) , as well as Daryl Shore ( 0-1-1 in 2 games as interim earlier this year in between Petke and Cassar ) .
In their post , Petke will lead the organization into a new era , with the full January opening of the Zions Bank Real Academy in Herriman , Utah . The state-of-the-art , $ 75 million facility will be the training home for both of the club 's professional teams – RSL and the Real Monarchs – while centralizing the club 's U-19 , U-17 and future U-15 development academy youth selections . The Herriman facility opened in part earlier this Fall , with an on-site charter school prioritizing STEM disciplines ( Science/Technology/Engineering/Math ) for nearly 300 boys and girls .
Additionally , last November in North Logan , Utah , Hansen broke ground on the first of a half-dozen regional training centers across Utah and Arizona to be built in the next 2-3 years . Each $ 6 million RTC houses a classroom , as well as an indoor and outdoor field , dedicated to fulfilling a curriculum dedicated to the club 's vision and mission for youth soccer training and education , and the continued development of both recreational and competitive pre-Academy ( ages 7-12 ) initiatives across Utah and Arizona . RSL will host the grand opening and ribbon cutting ceremony for the Logan facility on Monday , December 4 , 2017 .
OAuth.io is an API and a service interfacing with more than 80 OAuth providers . This article contains an interview with Mehdi Medjaoui , Co-founder of OAuth.io , providing details on security , licensing and future developments .
OAuth.io is one attempt at simplifying writing code for user or API authorization . Instead of dealing with multiple OAuth providers which might implement different versions of the protocol ( 1.0 , 1.0a , 2.0 ) , a developer can program against a single API as shown in the following snippet :
$ ( ' # fb-connect ' ) .click ( function ( ) { OAuth.initialize ( 'YOUR_PUBLIC_KEY ' ) ; OAuth.popup ( 'facebook ' , function ( err , res ) { if ( err ) { // do something with error alert ( JSON.stringify ( err ) ) ; return ; } $ ( ' # token ' ) .html ( res.access_token ) .parent ( ) .show ( ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
OAuth.io supports over 80 OAuth providers including Facebook , Twitter , Google ( various services ) , GitHub , Flickr , LinkedIn , Dropbox , etc. , and the team behind it is open to suggestions on what other providers to support in the future . The API is accessible as a free or paid service or one could run the service on their own infrastructure .
InfoQ has discussed with Mehdi Medjaoui , Co-founder of OAuth.io , to find out more about this API and its accompanying service .
InfoQ : Is OAuth.io still in beta ? If yes , when do you think is it going to become generally available ?
MM : The service is already made for production applications . Our biggest production user already integrated 12 OAuth in the same app with OAuth.io . We have today more than 1380 apps using it , 84 in production , since we launched it 5 weeks ago . However we have lots of new features which are coming in the next weeks and we still need to validate the service stack on hundreds of thousands or millions of users applications , that 's why we keep the beta phase .
InfoQ : If I understand correctly , a user who wants to authenticate via OAuth.io does that through oauthd , a daemon that runs on Amazon , right ? Could you explain a bit the whole process ?
MM : OAuth.io is now an API for 80+ OAuth providers . Actually , OAuth.io is a hosted version of oauthd , the open source OAuth daemon we are developing . The OAuth.io service runs on Amazon EC2 and provides an easy and simple web interface for developers to configure and consume their various OAuth providers in a unified way . What does OAuth.io do ? The user application calls OAuth.popup or OAuth.redirect in JavaScript . It does a request to OAuth.io with the provider to connect to . Then OAuth.io sends the info to popup/redirect to the provider 's authorization form . Once authorized , the provider redirects to oauth.io which will request the token and send back to the JavaScript callback in the OAuth.popup / OAuth.callback . In a server-side flow , the user application just receives a code that is sent ( via an Ajax request ) to its server . Then the server requests oauth.io with its secret key to exchange the code for the token .
InfoQ : Currently , there is a major security issue : you store the user 's private API keys . What do you intend to do about it ?
MM : Security is our highest priority in our mission to solve OAuth integration for developers . Security , along with performance and developer friendly experience . OAuth.io is an OAuth backend-as-a-service for your applications so that 's why we ask APIkeys of applications , like other Backend-as-a-Service ( BaaS ) do . This is how we manage security with OAuth.io : - Everything is SSL EV encrypted , to secure the communication between oauth.io and the user . - The code is single use and with a short expiration time , so no third person will be able to re-use it - The valid domains/url depend on the detail level : the user can restrict to a single scheme/domain/port/path , so that the redirection can not be cheated to leak an access token . - The `` state '' parameter is now mandatory when doing server-side authorization , to avoid CSRF exploits . - The client-side/server-side ( token/code ) is decided in the app configuration , and not in the request , so that getting a token is not as easy as changing a request parameter . - We do not store any access_token to assure privacy in worst attack cases . - We have avoided url fragment leaks ( getting an access_token from a referrer ) , because recent Facebook hacks . - We checked lots of CSRF/XSS potential security exploits and what we have done with Angular.js passed with success all tests - and globally , the website is API based/driven , so its security is easier to manage . To be completely transparent for users which want to host their APIkeys , the code is open source and they can install the open source version of the daemon , called oauthd and accessible on Github https : //github.com/oauth-io/oauthd
InfoQ : If someone wants to take everything under their control and run oauthd on their own servers , they can license oauthd from you , right ? Can you say anything about the licensing conditions ?
MM : Yes oauthd is open source under Affero GPL license , the “ GPL license for servers technologies ” , like MongoDB for example . http : //blog.mongodb.org/post/103832439/the-agpl It is a quite new license so we need to explain why with AGPL the copyleft does not apply the entire project but only to oauthd modifications . Because oauthd is a stand alone running application as a daemon , by installing it users have just to redistribute modifications they have made of oauthd under the same open source license to the community , and NOT all the code of the project as other classical GPL license . That means : - all open source projects can use oauthd for their apps and projects . - closed source projects using oauthd as a stand-alone server needs to redistribute only modifications of oauthd back to the community ( and NOT the whole project ) We provide a commercial license for companies that are interested to have oauthd into their server to keep closed the modifications they have made on oauthd or the code they linked to oauthd . The price of the commercial license depends on the support service required . To understand more about AGPL : Our goal with using AGPL is to preserve the concept of copyleft with oauthd . With traditional GPL , copyleft was associated with the concept of distribution of software . The problem is that nowadays , the distribution of software is rare : things tend to run in the cloud . AGPL fixes this “ loophole ” in GPL by saying that if you use the software over a network , you are bound by the copyleft . Other than that , the license is virtually the same as GPL v3 .
InfoQ : What is on the roadmap ? Do you plan to add support for more languages , other than JavaScript ?
South Korea 's state spy agency and its prosecutors face a major credibility crisis ; they are accused of framing a North Korean defector on espionage charges by forging documents . In a new development , a key witness attempted suicide after being questioned by prosecutors , leaving a note saying they handed over forged documents about Yu Wu-seong , a former North Korean defector who was employed by the Seoul city government and has been charged with spying . The records were allegedly about Yu 's travels to North Korea in 2006 . China has already claimed the documents are not authentic . Prosecutors must investigate thoroughly and get to the bottom instead of playing games the truth.A man identified only as Kim , an ethnic Korean with Chinese nationality , obtained Yu 's immigration records for the Korean spy agency . They were questioned by prosecutors three times , and before they committed suicide they left a letter to their sons telling them to collect money from the NIS . They claimed the NIS owed them 6 million won ( $ 5,654 ) for two months ' work and a 10 million won fee for forging the documents . Kim had testified to prosecutors that they cooked up papers with the seals of a Chinese local government office at the request of a NIS employee.Prosecutors launched an investigation after taking their testimony . The NIS admitted that Kim had worked for the agency , but denied any involvement in the forgery . It claimed that it too had been deceived . But it is hard to believe that Kim would have dared to fabricate materials and attempted a scheme against the NIS . If it does not clearly explain how it obtained documents from China about Yu , the NIS can not escape suspicion that it ordered the forgery.Evidence tampering is serious . If the intelligence authority did so to build its case , how can the rights of the people be protected ? Any such actions should be punished severely . But the prosecution has been dragging its feet even after the Chinese Embassy in Seoul said the documents were not issued by China.The case underscores the point that the NIS still has a secret police legacy from the authoritarian regime days . The agency must keep a strong watch on spy activities and threats to national security , but it must not break any laws . The prosecution also should be responsible for indicting suspects and sending them to trial after thorough investigations . If the prosecution can not reveal the truth , it will be necessary to appoint a special investigator to find the truth.JoongAng Ilbo , March 8 , Page 30
Grand Theft Auto 5 may contain PlayStation-exclusive content of some kind when it comes to PS4 .
In an interview with Kotaku , Sony 's John Koller described GTA as a PlayStation franchise .
Asked if GTA 5 had some sort of exclusive deal or offering , Koller replied : `` I do n't think we announced anything publicly on that , but there will be . ''
Koller said that Sony 's partnership with Rockstar attracted a higher percentage of PS3 users to GTA 5 , something they expect will happen with the PS4 version .
`` GTA is a PlayStation franchise . It started with us . We really feel strongly that it belongs as a key platform driver for us , '' they added .
GTA 5 launched alongside PS3-exclusive console bundles when it debuted in 2013 .
Rockstar Games
Sony and Rockstar will reveal more about the franchise in the coming weeks .
GTA 5 was confirmed for PS4 , Xbox One and PC earlier this week .
Releasing this autumn , the game will launch with a host of new features that take full advantage of each platform 's hardware capabilities .
Watch a trailer for GTA 5 below :
The Washington Post and the Center for Responsive Politics identified a coalition of allied conservative groups active in the 2012 elections that together raised at least $ 407 million , backed by a donor network organized by the industrialists Charles and David Koch . Most of the funds originated with two groups , the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce and TC4 Trust , both of which routed some of the money through a Phoenix-based nonprofit group called the Center to Protect Patient Rights ( CPPR ) .
The makeup of the coalition may change going forward , but in 2012 the network consisted of :
Americans for Prosperity , the Virginia-based nonprofit that finances grass-roots activities across the country and ran an early and relentless television ad assault against President Obama during the 2012 campaign . More than $ 44 million of the $ 140 million the organization raised in the last cycle came from the Koch-linked feeder funds .
The 60 Plus Association , which casts itself as a conservative alternative to AARP . The group reported spending $ 4.6 million on ads against Obama and House Democrats in 2012 .
American Commitment , a new group that reported spending nearly $ 1.9 million on spots attacking Obama and congressional Democrats in 2012 and that runs online petitions against the federal health-care law and in support of the Keystone XL pipeline .
View Graphic Inside the Koch-backed political donor network
The American Energy Alliance , the 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) arm of the Institute for Energy Research . The advocacy group , whose president is a former Koch Industries lobbyist , ran a 17-state bus tour in 2012 highlighting the benefits of domestic energy production . The organization got $ 2 million from Freedom Partners and CPPR in 2012 but has seen increased levels of support from other donors in recent years , according to a person familiar with its operations .
The American Future Fund , a Des Moines-based nonprofit that poured more than $ 25 million into ads against Obama and congressional Democrats in 2012 . Nearly $ 63 million of its $ 68 million war chest in 2012 came from network feeder funds .
The Center for Shared Services , an organization in Alexandria that serves as a human resources hub for the network .
Concerned Veterans for America , which in 2012 held events spotlighting the unemployment rate among veterans and the difficulties members of the military face in casting ballots . The group was funded almost entirely by TC4 in 2012 .
Concerned Women for America , a conservative Christian women 's activist group that received more than $ 8 million from Freedom Partners . The organization ran a social-media campaign and get-out-the-vote effort aimed at young women in 2012 .
Evangchr4 Trust , a pastor outreach effort that gave nearly $ 1.2 million to CitizenLink , an advocacy arm of the conservative Christian group Focus on the Family . CitizenLink spent more than $ 2.5 million on ads on behalf of GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney and other Republicans in 2012 .
Generation Opportunity , a nonprofit aimed at millennials that ran a national get-out-the-vote effort in 2012 emphasizing the unemployment rate among youths .
The Libre Initiative Trust , a Mission , Tex.-based group aimed at promoting “ the principles and values of economic freedom ” to Latinos . It started in 2011 .
Public Engagement Group Trust , a low-profile nonprofit based in Arlington County that says its mission is to raise public awareness of issues such as government spending and free markets . It received nearly $ 3.5 million from Freedom Partners and TC4 .
Public Notice , a policy nonprofit that highlights the impacts of government spending . Its executive director , Gretchen Hamel , was listed as a program leader for TC4 on the group 's first tax filing .
Themis Trust , which houses the data used by the groups in the network .
CPS pays $ 657 million for pensions , leaving district with $ 83M
Chicago Public Schools made a $ 657.5 million payment Thursday to the Chicago Teachers Pension Fund , the fund has confirmed , leaving the cash-strapped district of slightly less than 400,000 students with about $ 83 million .
But with state legislators agreeing on a stopgap budget and local property tax increase that would ship about $ 600 million more to Chicago 's schools , chief education officer Janice Jackson was among officials excitedly assuring families that school would open on time in September .
“ I can say that there 's no one more excited about just more stability here today , ” Jackson said , “ and I 'm happy to be able to look parents and teachers and students in the face and say that we will continue to provide them with the high-quality education that a world-class city like Chicago deserves . ”
CPS did n't yet know when it could see any of the approximately $ 350 million in new revenue from the state — including $ 205 million for pensions — or $ 250 million in new city property taxes . Nor could it say how cuts previously estimated at 40 percent to per-pupil funding would improve in budgets expected to be given to principals by mid-July .
“ With a nearly $ 1 billion budget deficit before this agreement was reached , there is no doubt CPS will have to continue to tighten its belt , continue to gain efficiencies , but this agreement will help protect our classrooms so students can continue building on remarkable academic gains , ” CEO Forrest Claypool said . “ CPS is pleased that theirs could be the last pension payment that CPS has to make alone in the state , in terms of the state 's contribution . ”
Along with other districts serving poor students , CPS has been trying to persuade Illinois lawmakers and the governor to reconsider the state 's funding formula , which CPS says penalizes school systems with a majority of poor students .
Thursday 's agreement “ bought more time ” to do that , Claypool said . “ CPS will remain a strong advocate for a long-term equitable solution standing with our rural and suburban partners throughout the state of Illinois . ”
The public schools have been operating on a line of credit after the Board of Education passed a budget that relied on a $ 480 million bump from Springfield that never came . That $ 870 million in credit will need to be paid back with property tax revenue once it arrives in August in CPS coffers , the district has said .
The district had been hoarding cash , asking principals this spring to hold off spending any money remaining in their budgets . It also informed charter operators that their quarterly payment expected in mid-July would be divided into monthly allotments in July , August and September .
“ We do not anticipate cash flow in July if all revenue and expenses come in as expected , ” district spokesperson Emily Bittner said of the $ 83 million left after making the pension payment .
CTU President Karen Lewis called the news “ a good step in the right direction . ”
However , they cautioned , the extra funds targeted for CPS still left the system with a massive deficit .
“ It 's not $ 941 million , which was the golden number they [ CPS officials ] told us they needed at the beginning of our negotiations ” for the coming school year , Lewis said . “ Where 's the rest of the money ? ”
Asked what the CTU might be willing to sacrifice to help make up the gap , Lewis said that decision is up to the CTU bargaining team . But they said the CTU already has sacrificed $ 1.2 billion in pension payments over five years , a 4 percent raise that Emanuel reneged on in 2011-2012 , and more than a thousand layoffs in one year . “ We 've already given at the office , ” Lewis said .
And any property tax increase will affect teachers who are required to live in the city , so their property taxes or rents are bound to go up under the deal , they said .
Lewis said they hope the agreement will allow CPS to open with no increased class sizes , cuts to student and special ed services , or cuts to CTU members .
Charles Burbridge , head of the Chicago Teachers Pension Fund , confirmed that the district transferred $ 657,515,383.95 into fund accounts Thursday . Combined with earlier payments , they said CPS has paid a total of $ 676 million this year and the state an additional $ 12 million .
Burbridge said that nearly catches them up , but technically remains $ 12 million short of $ 700 million required in the fund 's actuarial tables .
“ There 's been a misunderstanding about what the full contribution is , ” they said . “ It 's not something that I 'm worried about . It 's something that they 've been doing that we need to hash out ” at a meeting scheduled in mid-July with a senior financial officer .
Bittner pointed to a 2015 court settlement affirming how the district has paid up in the past .
The internal thermal structure of the Sun consists of ‘ granules ' – the localized convective motions distribute and transport the heat ( and matter ) inside our home star until the energy generated by the nuclear reactions inside the star 's core reaches the surface . Scientists claim they have found the evidence for the giant cellular flows that encompass smaller convective regions and persist for months before they vanish .
According to a paper , which was published at arXiv.org on Jan.2 , there are two key forms of solar cellular structures , which are known to astrophysicists as granules and supergranules . These structures are classified by their size : the granules may reach ~1,000 km across , while the supergranules can be as large as 30,000 km in diameter . The existence of larger convectional structures has been proposed several decades ago , and now the authors of the current study David H. Hathaway , Lisa Upton and Owen Colegrove claim that they have observed such giant convection cells by tracking the motions of individual supergranules .
To prove their theory , the authors measured the motions of the supergranules from the images captured by Helioseismic and Magnetic Imager ( MHI ) on the NASA 's Solar Dynamics Observatory ( SDO ) and analyzed the paths they make during their voyage throughout the Sun .
Computer simulation of convection zone velocity distributions revealed that there are relations between distinct groups of supergranules . The overall shape of these grouped structures appears slightly elongated due to the heavy influence of Coriolis force caused by the Sun 's rotation . The same structures at lower latitudes are not well known and shorter lived compared to those observed at higher latitudes of the Sun . Despite the lesser manifestation , the low-latitude structures seem to be aligned from north to south ; this finding is also supported by the similar structure of the supergranulation pattern observed during earlier studies .
The team admits that conclusions regarding the origin of this discovery are still incomplete , however , they are positive that the statistical correlations between the observed solar matter flows points to the presence of the giant convection cells existing in the Sun . Preliminary evaluation and the earlier predictions suggest these giant convection flows could span 200,000-km-deep solar regions with active lifetimes of approximately from one to three months or even more .
By Alius Noreika , source : www.technology.org
Scientists need to become humbler and to completely re-think the way they communicate if the battle to curb climate change is to be won , one of the world 's leading climate experts has warned .
Lamenting what they call a “ mismatch ” between the state of climate science and the needs of society , Professor Chris Rapley called on their colleagues across the world to throw off the shackles of tradition and engage in a radically different approach to their discipline .
Climate scientists need to be more critical about their own research , more open to the work and views of other people and to communicate much more clearly with the public , said Professor Rapley , of the University College London .
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles , events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month
At the same time , they need to defend their work more robustly against climate sceptics and , in a recommendation many may find surprising , rely less on scientific fact and more on narrative techniques such as personal anecdotes , emotion and rhetoric to make their points , they added .
Professor Rapley led a big research project into climate science communication with their UCL colleagues and a number of other universities , including Oxford and King 's College , London , which published its findings today .
“ My experiences have convinced me that our training and development has left us insufficiently prepared to contribute as effectively as we should both to public policy , and to communicating our results and conclusions to society more generally , ” Professor Rapley said .
“ We are especially ill-equipped to deal with controversy in the media and to respond to public attacks on our motivations and behaviours , ” they added , advocating the creation of a professional body for climate scientists that , among other things , would train scientists to engage more effectively with climate sceptics .
Professor Rapley admitted that they were also guilty of biased thinking , as they urged scientists to be more critical of their own work and to be less willing to dismiss research that contradicted their thinking .
“ As a scientist I have not previously invested appropriate effort into evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of my primary research instrument - my mind , ” they said .
They said the research project had given them “ a heightened recognition of the need constantly and with determination to scrutinise my own emotions and thought processes - to step outside and 'see myself see ' ” .
This is necessary “ to minimise the possibility of unwitting bias and faulty reasoning . The same need applies to everyone involved in the climate science discourse , ” they said .
The report , entitled Time for Change , concluded that to communicate much more “ powerfully ” with the public , scientists need to personalise their story , drawing on emotions and expressing their opinions - an approach it concedes is “ contrary to long-standing tradition ” but which , with mainstream audiences , is more effective than piling on ever-more facts to make a point .
“ Dialogue rather than debate offers the means to identify common purpose and foster constructive evidence-based discourse . Climate scientists can gain much by working with and learning from those expert in public discourse , including the arts , museum sector and media , ” the report recommends .
The report , which also included contributions from leading scientists at the universities of Surrey , Cardiff and Bristol , said there was also a pressing need to re-examine the role of scientists in decision-making and policy making .
Other recommendations include setting up a forum for the general public and climate scientists to engage in dialogue about climate change , helping to create a coherent 'meta-narrative ' that conveys the big picture and provides the context for discussion of the results , their uncertainties and their implications . The authentic and personalised voice of climate scientists in the formation and delivery of this 'meta-narrative ' will be crucial and will rely on successful use of and engagement with the media and the internet , the report found .
But above all , every party needs to take the concerns of others seriously , however strongly they may disagree , the report concluded .
“ Active critical self-reflection and humility should become the evident and habitual cultural norm on the part of all participants in the climate discourse , ” the report said .
Other contributors to the report include the European Academies Science Advisory Council , the University of the West of England , the Smithsonian Institution , US National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration , the Royal Society of Arts and the Institute of Pyschoanalysis .
Seattle 's Mayor Ed Murray says the city needs more time to weigh in on Ride the Ducks tours before they resume .
A A
SEATTLE ( AP ) - The mayor of Seattle is calling for Ride the Ducks tour company vehicles to be sidelined until the company 's unsatisfactory safety rating from Washington state regulators is resolved .
An attorney for Seattle Mayor Ed Murray said in a letter to the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission Thursday the city also requests time for city officials to weigh in on business plans before service resumes .
The request comes after regulators investigating the company due to a deadly crash on a Seattle bridge said they identified 442 violations in an overall review of operations . Ride the Ducks was shut down after one of its amphibious vehicles collided with a bus Sept. 24 . The crash killed five North Seattle College international students .
Regulators have said the company should be allowed to resume operating a limited fleet of amphibious vehicles under certain conditions .
A three-member commission will determine at a hearing Monday whether operations can resume .
Steamed Steamed is dedicated to all things in and around Valve 's PC gaming service .
During last week 's big Counter-Strike gambling scandal ( and really just in general , where gambling is concerned ) , Valve remained conspicuously silent . Now , though , they 've said they 're gon na start telling gambling sites to cease operations entirely .
In a statement on Steam , Valve business authority Erik Johnson wrote :
“ These sites have basically pieced together their operations in two-part fashion . First , they are using the OpenID API as a way for users to prove ownership of their Steam accounts and items . Any other information they obtain about a user 's Steam account is either manually disclosed by the user or obtained from the user 's Steam Community profile ( when the user has chosen to make their profile public ) . Second , they create automated Steam accounts that make the same web calls as individual Steam users. ” “ Using the OpenID API and making the same web calls as Steam users to run a gambling business is not allowed by our API nor our user agreements . We are going to start sending notices to these sites requesting they cease operations through Steam , and further pursue the matter as necessary . Users should probably consider this information as they manage their in-game item inventory and trade activity . ”
They added that Valve does not have business relationships with any Counter-Strike gambling sites , and that they have never directly received revenue from them .
It remains to be seen how long it takes Valve to crack down , not to mention how hard they slam the hammer . For now , though , this seems like quite a big step . While some people were calling for regulation , Valve seems to have jumped straight to obliteration . It makes sense , though : this kind of thing verges on illegal even on its best days , and lawsuits have begun to trickle in . Valve has a storied history of acting when lawsuits enter the picture .
How do you feel about this news ? Do you gamble in Counter-Strike or other games ? If so , why ? Have you won a bunch ? Or have you lost a whole lot , only to keep pulling the creaky lever on the elevator to financial hell ? Feel free to share your stories !
Advertisement
You 're reading Steamed , Kotaku 's page dedicated to all things in and around Valve 's wildly popular PC gaming service . Games , culture , community creations , criticism , guides , videos—everything . If you 've found anything cool/awful on Steam , send us a message to let us know .
Amazing story of two Indians -- the saviour and the saved – who are an example of how to face adversity and emerge victorious
`` The desire to become an IAS officer came after I read inspiring stories about some IAS officers . I thought I would be able to do the work Papa is doing more effectively if I were to become an IAS officer . What Papa does is help the abandoned and the poor ; I just want to follow in their footsteps . I want to dedicate my life to others . If Papa had not picked me up from the dustbin , I would have died , choking in the bag . If I can do at least a fraction of what they do , I would consider my life worthwhile . I do n't want this life given to me to go to waste ! ''
March 7 , 1994 . 20 years have passed since that day , but Vidyakar , the man behind Udavum Karangal , still remembers the day vividly . It was in the morning that a stranger called to inform them that a bag had been found inside a dustbin near a drain in Anna Nagar , Chennai . It was not just any bag , though -- it was a bag with a baby inside .
Such calls come quite often to Udavum Karangal . So , without wasting any time , Vidyakar rushed to the spot on their scooter . But as they could n't locate the bag , they went back home . In no time , the same person called them again , as if they were watching from somewhere and wanted Vidyakar to rescue the baby . ' I know you came but could n't find the bag . ' They gave some more landmarks so that Vidyakar would n't miss the bag .
Vidyakar went back to the same spot and this time , they could find the bag . It was closed .
When they opened it , they found a newborn baby gasping for breath and frothing . The umbilical cord of the baby was not tied and there were ants all over its body , feeding on its tender skin . They rushed the baby to a nearby hospital , and in two days ' time , the baby was ready to go back home ; home for the baby was Udavum Karangal , as it was for countless other abandoned babies .
One thing that struck Vidyakar then was the clothes used to drape the baby , and even the bag used . `` From the look of it , it was clear that they were not from a poor family . The towel used clearly gave away the fact that they were from an affluent family . The location also was quite affluent . Though I have rescued many babies over the years , it is always a painful experience to see abandoned babies , '' Vidyakar went back in years .
Vidyakar named them Abhilash Vidyakar ( all abandoned babies at Udavum Karangal have the surname Vidyakar , as they are 'Papa ' to all of them ) . `` What I name a child has to do with what the child means to me when I find them or them There is always a reason behind the name I choose . Even after thirty years , the name should remind me of our connection . Abhilash means a wish , a desire ... ''
In no time , Vidyakar noticed that Abhilash was an exceptionally brilliant and creative child -- a `` special child '' .
When they were 10 , Abhilash learnt that Papa Vidyakar had picked them out of a dustbin .
Please click NEXT to read this amazing story
Crossword puzzle maker The Crossword puzzle maker is used to make simple crossword puzzles . It turns out that good crossword puzzles of the type found in newspapers are fairly hard to generate , and require a pool of lots of words , not all of which are used . This program puts all of the words you specify ( no more , no less ) into a simple crossword puzzle . The puzzle that is generated will remain on this server for about two months . If you want to ensure that you have a copy of the generated puzzle , make sure you save a copy . If you want help with international characters , you can call up an Alphabet chart to use for cutting and pasting letters that are hard to type . This chart will come up in a separate window . I 've changed everything over to https for secure web browsing . This is the way that the web is going . If you see any errors , please let me know . Paolo Guanciarossa has updated the `` Solve Online '' to be much easier to use . Use the Tab key to change between across and down . You can type in the answer to the puzzle in an obvious fashion , and the cursor moves to the next appropriate cell in the puzzle . Dave Regan
crossword @ armoredpenguin.com The first part of this is for you to enter a list of words and clues . Once that part is done , hit the Make Puzzle button for a puzzle which incorporates your words . As the number of words you put in the puzzle , increases , the wait increases exponentially . However , if you want a puzzle that is larger than what fits with this form , go to the Large Puzzle page . Crossword puzzle title : Author 's Name : Description of puzzle : Computation time : We try lots of combinations to get you a nice puzzle . This takes time ; time for our computer to generate the puzzle , and time for you to wait . This lets you set the trade off . The time is in seconds . Expansion : Once we start finding a puzzle that has all of the words in the grid , we grow the puzzle up to this number of cells in both height and width attempting to get all of the words interconnected . Bigger numbers will take longer . Minimum number of groups : We try to connect all of the words into a single group . Sometimes that 's not possible because the combination of letters does n't line up , or because we run out of time ( see above ) . This gives you the minimum number of groups that you 're willing to accept ( and that we 'll stop at ) . Setting this to 1 will cause the program to run longer . Although we try our best , we may still not get you the puzzle you were looking for . Size of square : This allows you to play with the size of the puzzle . Bigger numbers make larger puzzles . Color of square : black grey Grey squares use less ink when printing . Black is more traditional . Change to upper case : yes no Change letters to all capital letters , or leave as they were entered . Remove spaces in words : yes no How `` Remove spaces in words '' works Free Form ( PDF only ) : yes no For the PDF version of the output , do n't draw the black squares . Omit answer keys : yes no Do n't give buttons for the answer keys .
How `` No Answer Keys '' works Language : English/English Afrikaans/Afrikaans Arabic/عربى Armenian/Հայերէն Bulgarian/Български Chinese/中文 Danish/Dansk Dutch/Nederlands Estonian/eesti keel Finnish/Suomi French/Français German/Deutsch Hebrew/עברית Hungarian/Magyar Irish/Gaeilge Italian/Italiano Japanese/日本語 Korean/한국어 Latvian/Latviešu Lithuanian/Lietuviškai Lojban/lojban Lower Sorbian/dolnoserbšćina Malaysian/Bahasa Malaysia Norwegian/Norsk Polish/Polski Portuguese/Português Romanian/Română Russian/Русский Spanish/Español Swedish/Svenska Turkish/Türkçe Ukrainian/Українська Upper Sorbian/hornjoserbšćina Venetian/Lengoa Veneta Welsh/Cymraeg/Iaith Language for Across/Down/etc .
How `` Language '' works Text file name :
Plain text file on your computer
to read with one answer : clue per line .
How file loading works HTML Font style : Nothing special Arial Arial Bold Arial Italic Arial Bold Italic Arial Black Comic Sans MS Comic Sans MS Bold Courier New Bold Courier New Italic Courier New Bold Italic Impact Times New Roman Times New Roman Bold Times New Roman Italic Times New Roman Bold Italic Verdana Verdana Bold Verdana Italic Verdana Bold Italic Century Gothic Font restrictions PDF Page size : US Letter - 8.5 '' x 11 '' A4 - 210 × 297 mm PDF Page Size PDF Font style : Nothing special Amazone AmericanUnc Bandit Bold Italic Bank Gothic-Medium Braggadocio Chaucer Comic Sans Bold Corsiva Courier Courier Bold Courier Oblique Courier Bold Oblique FetteFraktur Bold Fillmore Fujiyama Harpoon Helvetica Helvetica Bold Helvetica Oblique Helvetica Bold Oblique Jamai Jupiter Latin Wide LinoScript Pepita Serpentine Sans Stencil Bold Times Roman Times Bold Times Italic Times Bold Italic Georgia Georgia Bold Georgia Italic Georgia Bold Italic Umbra Verdana Verdana Bold Verdana Italic Verdana Bold Italic WoodType Demi Gallaudet ( American Sign Language ) British Sign Language PDF Fonts Two-page PDF output : no yes Put the puzzle and the clues on two separate pages in the PDF file . Information gap puzzle : no yes How to use Information gap puzzles Create word bank : no yes How a word bank works Quiz mode How Quiz Mode works Background image How background images works Lighten image How lighten image works Please enter your words and clues . Words without clues , and clues without words , are ignored . You need both for this program . Word Clue
It will take a number of seconds to generate your puzzle , please wait after hitting the Submit button . Tip : If you see a puzzle you like in the archives , but would like to change the word list or font ( for example to use the sign language font ) , save the puzzle with your browser 's Save As ... function . Then create a new puzzle . Use the Browse button to pull up that file you just saved and then create a puzzle . It will load all of the parameters from that saved file and you can now make all of the changes you like .
Canadian technical death metallers GORGUTS will release their fifth album , `` Colored Sands '' , on August 30 in Europe and September 3 in North America via Season Of Mist . The band has also announced a string of headlining shows leading to and from this year 's Hopscotch Festival . the U.S. trek , which begins on September 5 in Springfield , Virginia , will travel through Hopscotch before ending on September 8 in Worcester , Massachusetts .
GORGUTS guitarist/vocalist Luc Lemay previously stated that `` Colored Sands '' would be `` a very detailed , dark , epic , emotional , conceptual record . ''
War On Music Records in 2011 released on vinyl the GORGUTS albums `` From Wisdom To Hate '' ( 2001 ) and `` Obscura '' ( 1998 ) . These records were largely regarded as pioneering works in the technical death metal genre , and set the standard for the decade to follow .
GORGUTS ' current lineup is as follows :
* Luc Lemay ( NEGATIVA ) - Vocals , Guitar
* Kevin Hufnagel ( DYSRHYTHMIA , WHILE HEAVEN WEPT , BYLA , EUCLID STREET , THE FIFTH SEASON , GREY DIVISION BLUE ) - Guitar
* Colin Marston ( DYSRHYTHMIA , BEHOLD ... THE ARCTOPUS , BYLA , KRALLICE , INDRICOTHERE ) - Bass
* John Longstreth ( DIM MAK , ORIGIN , THE RED CHORD , SKINLESS , POSSESSION , ANGELCORPSE ) – Drums
Where to buy Korean and Japanese Makeup and Skincare you ask ? Good question , I 'm glad you asked ! Asian makeup , skincare , and beauty are n't always local to people who live in rural areas and are n't in larger cities and heck , even sometimes when you live in a larger city you might have a difficult time locating good Korea and Japanese makeup products because you either 1. do n't live in a city with a larger Asian community or 2. your city just sucks…naaa I 'm only kidding !
I 'm in New York and lord knows even with a larger Asian community in places such as Flushing it does prove difficult to locate certain brands and products I 'm looking for .
I 'm always asked where is the best place to shop for Etude House , Jill Stuart , Tony Moly , etc…etc… .
Honestly ? The biggest and best selection of Korean and Japanese Makeup , Skincare , and Beauty is right online at your finger tips . Sure sometimes you 'll have to wait for airmail and this could be frustrating if you 're an instant gratification type a gal or guy . But many online stores offer EMS shipping which arrives within a few days and even regular airmail typically takes 8-10 days in most cases .
So here 's a list of some great online stores to buy Korean and Japanese Makeup and Skincare .
I 'm not affiliated with any of these shops . I have however , purchased products from them in the past so I 'm relating to you some of my experiences with them in this post .
Sasa.com
Shipping Experience
Sasa is a pain in my a $ $ when it comes to fast shipping . If you ca n't wait , do n't bother ordering from here . I 've gotten packages from Sasa as quickly as 10 days and as slow as a month . It really depends ! It is n't because they do n't ship quickly but they have holidays , mail issues due to the weather , etc which can delay things . Just a warning if you do order from the site .
Variety
The nice thing about Sasa is the fact you can a wide range of everything from Japanese , Korean , and Taiwanese brands . They carry obscure brands like Shills and popular ones like Tony Moly and Etude House . The stock is sometimes kinda low and they sell out of things quickly I 've noticed but they do restock so you have to keep your eyes peeled . The sad part is they are limited sometimes to what they do stock from brands…like Etude House they carry but it 's a very limited amount of product they have and not newly released items . They also carry drugstore brands like Maybelline and the nice thing is you can indulge in products we have n't yet gotten from Maybelline here in the US . For example , Baby Face Pore Eraser was available at Sasa.com months before it reached US shores . They are also the mecca for Asian skincare and sheet masks from brands like My Beauty Dairy , etc .. The pricing is very reasonable here and almost spot on for retail prices in Korea , Japan , etc…shipping is sometimes free if you spend a certain amount and in many cases reasonable for a few items .
Overall
Sasa is an excellent place to dabble your toes Asian waters due to the vast amount of product they carry ! From really obscure Asian beauty gadgets to really fantastic facial sheet masks you 'll find what you 're looking for at this online shop !
AlphabeautyUK on E-bay
Shipping
This shop has fast shipping with standard airmail with arrival from 7-10 days . It 's also fairly cheap at around $ 2 for smaller items and up to $ 5- $ 6 for larger ones . The more you buy the more of a discount they offer on shipping .
Variety
This one is sadly lacking in Korean beauty here unfortunately but a good amount of Japanese skincare and beauty from brands like Jill Stuart , Canmake , Kose , KATE , Majolica Majorca . Also excellent selection of newer releases and collections at around the same time they launch in Japan . Prices are reasonable but take notice that sometimes you 'll see a jump of $ 2- $ 10 or more on some products…but by US standards you wo n't find the prices too high , it 's just not what you 'd pay retail for the items in their original country .
Overall
Excellent variety of skincare , beauty , and makeup however , more concentrated on Japanese brands here with a few Taiwanese ones like My Beauty Dairy but no selection of Korean ones . A great places to pick up inexpensive ( but effective ) Japanese skincare and beauty masks as well cosmetics .
Adambeauty.com
Shipping
Adam offers very inexpensive ( around $ 2 per item ) regular registered airmail shipping which takes from 7-10 days to arrive .
Variety
An excellent variety of exclusively Japanese brands like KATE , Jill Stuart , Canmake , Majolica Majorca , Lunasol , B & C , etc…I think of Adam as more of a place to go for color cosmetics but there are some skincare products to be had here as well and of course , an excellent selection of SPF . Over the years I feel like Adam has slowed down slightly as they take a little longer to post newer makeup collections so you wo n't likely cosmetic collections that are newly launched in Japan . It could be he 's delayed or perhaps because they live in Hong Kong the release date differs from Japan but if you 're wanting something the day it releases in Japan you may experience delays getting it here . Nonetheless he 's an excellent place to grab Japanese makeup !
Overall
He 's English is n't great but he 's fabulous with contacting you right away with shipping details almost within moments of your order as well as getting your products to you right way . Very good place to shop Asian beauty !
Gooddealer.com
Shipping
Fairly inexpensive shipping with regular airmail that arrives around 7-10 days . Sometimes posts products they do n't have in stock so you 're technically paying to pre-book them and he 'll ship when they release . They also live in Hong Kong thus the slight delay and difference in release dates from Japan .
Variety
This shop concentrates mostly on color cosmetics and collection but has a few skincare products as well ! Excellent pricing on Jill Stuart , Majolica Majorca , KATE , and many other Japanese beauty brands . The shop is a little harder to navigate and is n't user friendly unfortunately .
Overall
Kevin 's English is n't a bit better than Adam 's so if you need to contact them for anything he 's quick to reply and friendly . He 's good about getting products out but remember some items they pre-book and it could be a week or even three before they arrive . For example , they list Holiday Coffrets earlier but in November and sometimes you wo n't get them until the week of Christmas . Typically they do e-mail to tell you that you ordered a product you might have to wait for .
Imomoko.com
Shipping
FREE ! with an order of $ 99 or more but reasonable US priority shipping is available for two or three items . They are US based and items arrive fairly fast . I 've gotten packages as quickly as three days but sometimes four .
Variety
Imomoko carries a vast array of Japanese and Korean products as well as Taiwanese including both color cosmetics and skincare as well as gadgetry ! Unfortunately the prices can be cringe worthy . They add a good deal of money onto retail prices so if something costs $ 10 in another country expect to pay $ 15- $ 20 for it on Imomoko . It does vary from product to product you just have to do a little research to see if you 're getting a good deal or not .
Overall
Super fast shipping ! Excellent variety of products and the newest , hottest Asian releases in both cosmetics and skincare .
Gmarket.com
Shipping
Prices are EXCELLENT but hipping can be expensive depending on how much you buy but is reasonable if you buy a good deal of products . Fairly fast to ship but sometimes there are hold ups .
Variety
ANYTHING you could possibly want from Korea can be found on Gmarket and that 's not limited to beauty !
Experience
Gmarket has a very steep learning curve in my opinion . It 's sorta of combination of E-bay and Amazon combined as you 'll be purchasing from a ton of different sellers and these sellers send their products to Gmarket for you . Gmarket proceeds to box all your purchases together and sends them out to you . There online site is a little confusing and has a steep learning curve plus the last time I used it is needed to be translated because the check out was not in English . The good news is customer service is excellent about getting back to you if problems arise . I like the prices but I think there are shops that are easier to use especially if you 're a n00b to Asian beauty .
YesStyle.com
Shipping
Expensive so buy more to avoid being hit by a large shipping fee on smaller items . A little slower shipping so expect to wait up to two weeks or if you 're lucky within ten days .
Variety
Fairly good variety of Japanese and Korean brands including Jill Stuart , Holika Holika , Etude House , etc…pricing fluctuates as some items are fairly priced and others feel a bit too expensive . They have a good selection but sometimes are n't as active with newer products and collections .
Overall
YesStyle is nice to browse occasionally and if you 're purchasing clothes or accessories/shoes it 's a nice place to grab a bit of beauty as well . I typically avoid it for beauty purchases only though as there are better and cheaper online shops to go with .
F2Plus1 on Ebay or Beautynetkorea.com
Shipping
This sight and e-bayer typically includes shipping in your purchase making products slightly higher than retail but not by much ! They ship via regular airmail and it arrives in around 6-10 days in my experience .
Variety
An AWESOME array of the latest and greatest Korean makeup and skincare from Tony Moly , Etude House , Holika Holika , It 's Skin , Skin Food , the Face Shop , Etc…
Overall
I absolutely love shopping from this seller ! They have incredible prices that are close to retail plus an excellent selection of the hottest and newest Korean beauty products .
So…where to buy Korean and Japanese Makeup and Skincare has definitely been covered in this post eh ?
I hope you enjoy some of these recommendations for great online shops to grab the best in Asian beauty .
Happy Shopping !
Untitled a guest Sep 21st , 2013 211 Never a guest211Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprintdiff text 3.22 KB T 1379748060 2 < NeoDestiny2 > [ – ] psikeiro 1 point 3 minutes ago I 'll bet you my left nut I can overclock and overvolt my Gigabytes over your Sapphires . T 1379748069 2 < Berzerker2 > # shotsfired T 1379748072 2 < NeoDestiny2 > how would the board determine how high you can overvolt a GPU ? if they 're the same GPU ... T 1379748092 2 < psikeiro2 > lel T 1379748094 2 < psikeiro2 > trollface T 1379748101 2 < psikeiro2 > there are definitely no components on the PCB T 1379748104 2 < NeoDestiny2 > that 'd be like saying I can overclock my 4770k better on my ud3h than a 4770k on a random ASUS board T 1379748109 2 < ThoughtA2 > Their 7950s specifically OC like they were touched by an angel T 1379748118 2 < NeoDestiny2 > then they got lucky T 1379748118 2 < psikeiro2 > no , it would n't be like that T 1379748119 2 < ThoughtA2 > Board does affect OC ability though T 1379748120 < 10-11- TanningChatum has quit 14 ( Quit : http : //www.kiwiirc.com/ - A handcrafted IRC client14 ) T 1379748124 2 < psikeiro2 > exactly T 1379748129 2 < NeoDestiny2 > components on a PCB wo n't magically make a GPU handle a higher voltage than it otherwise would be able to , no ? T 1379748133 2 < psikeiro2 > yes T 1379748135 2 < psikeiro2 > wtf T 1379748136 2 < ThoughtA2 > Yes actually T 1379748137 2 < psikeiro2 > you serious ? T 1379748140 2 < psikeiro2 > wow T 1379748142 2 < NeoDestiny2 > it does n't work that way with CPUs T 1379748146 2 < psikeiro2 > yes , it does T 1379748146 2 < NeoDestiny2 > is it different for GPUs ? T 1379748147 2 < psikeiro2 > phases T 1379748148 2 < ThoughtA2 > It does T 1379748149 2 < psikeiro2 > etc T 1379748151 2 < psikeiro2 > wtf T 1379748152 2 < psikeiro2 > lmfao T 1379748167 2 < Berzerker2 > such psikeiro T 1379748167 2 < ThoughtA2 > Power delivery is important to overclocking beyond a mild amount T 1379748167 2 < Berzerker2 > wow T 1379748181 2 < gernge2 > ^ tl ; dr : more , better phases = better overclock T 1379748193 2 < NeoDestiny2 > assuming the board is n't shit , though , does it matter that much ? T 1379748200 2 < ThoughtA2 > That 's why there are competitions between motherboards for overclocking the same CPU T 1379748205 2 < NeoDestiny2 > will some chip that can only do 4.6GHz all of a sudden be able to push 5.0GHz on a different board ? T 1379748211 2 < ThoughtA2 > NeoDestiny : depends on how much you overclock it T 1379748214 2 < psikeiro2 > not all of a sudden T 1379748215 2 < NeoDestiny2 > I thought that only mattered when you get into LN2 shit T 1379748219 2 < psikeiro2 > nope T 1379748224 < 10-11- Kevin-L has quit 14 ( Ping timeout : 245 seconds14 ) T 1379748227 2 < psikeiro2 > number and quality of phases T 1379748229 2 < psikeiro2 > components T 1379748230 2 < psikeiro2 > etc T 1379748234 2 < Berzerker2 > such VRM T 1379748237 2 < Berzerker2 > wow T 1379748241 2 < psikeiro2 > such T 1379748243 2 < Berzerker2 > power T 1379748243 2 < psikeiro2 > doge T 1379748244 2 < NeoDestiny2 > > components T 1379748245 < 10-11- Nooodle has quit 14 ( Quit : Page closed14 ) T 1379748253 2 < NeoDestiny2 > so I should get that motherboard with the guns as heatsinks , right ?
RAW Paste Data
T 1379748060 2 < NeoDestiny2 > [ – ] psikeiro 1 point 3 minutes ago I 'll bet you my left nut I can overclock and overvolt my Gigabytes over your Sapphires . T 1379748069 2 < Berzerker2 > # shotsfired T 1379748072 2 < NeoDestiny2 > how would the board determine how high you can overvolt a GPU ? if they 're the same GPU ... T 1379748092 2 < psikeiro2 > lel T 1379748094 2 < psikeiro2 > trollface T 1379748101 2 < psikeiro2 > there are definitely no components on the PCB T 1379748104 2 < NeoDestiny2 > that 'd be like saying I can overclock my 4770k better on my ud3h than a 4770k on a random ASUS board T 1379748109 2 < ThoughtA2 > Their 7950s specifically OC like they were touched by an angel T 1379748118 2 < NeoDestiny2 > then they got lucky T 1379748118 2 < psikeiro2 > no , it would n't be like that T 1379748119 2 < ThoughtA2 > Board does affect OC ability though T 1379748120 < 10-11- TanningChatum has quit 14 ( Quit : http : //www.kiwiirc.com/ - A handcrafted IRC client14 ) T 1379748124 2 < psikeiro2 > exactly T 1379748129 2 < NeoDestiny2 > components on a PCB wo n't magically make a GPU handle a higher voltage than it otherwise would be able to , no ? T 1379748133 2 < psikeiro2 > yes T 1379748135 2 < psikeiro2 > wtf T 1379748136 2 < ThoughtA2 > Yes actually T 1379748137 2 < psikeiro2 > you serious ? T 1379748140 2 < psikeiro2 > wow T 1379748142 2 < NeoDestiny2 > it does n't work that way with CPUs T 1379748146 2 < psikeiro2 > yes , it does T 1379748146 2 < NeoDestiny2 > is it different for GPUs ? T 1379748147 2 < psikeiro2 > phases T 1379748148 2 < ThoughtA2 > It does T 1379748149 2 < psikeiro2 > etc T 1379748151 2 < psikeiro2 > wtf T 1379748152 2 < psikeiro2 > lmfao T 1379748167 2 < Berzerker2 > such psikeiro T 1379748167 2 < ThoughtA2 > Power delivery is important to overclocking beyond a mild amount T 1379748167 2 < Berzerker2 > wow T 1379748181 2 < gernge2 > ^ tl ; dr : more , better phases = better overclock T 1379748193 2 < NeoDestiny2 > assuming the board is n't shit , though , does it matter that much ? T 1379748200 2 < ThoughtA2 > That 's why there are competitions between motherboards for overclocking the same CPU T 1379748205 2 < NeoDestiny2 > will some chip that can only do 4.6GHz all of a sudden be able to push 5.0GHz on a different board ? T 1379748211 2 < ThoughtA2 > NeoDestiny : depends on how much you overclock it T 1379748214 2 < psikeiro2 > not all of a sudden T 1379748215 2 < NeoDestiny2 > I thought that only mattered when you get into LN2 shit T 1379748219 2 < psikeiro2 > nope T 1379748224 < 10-11- Kevin-L has quit 14 ( Ping timeout : 245 seconds14 ) T 1379748227 2 < psikeiro2 > number and quality of phases T 1379748229 2 < psikeiro2 > components T 1379748230 2 < psikeiro2 > etc T 1379748234 2 < Berzerker2 > such VRM T 1379748237 2 < Berzerker2 > wow T 1379748241 2 < psikeiro2 > such T 1379748243 2 < Berzerker2 > power T 1379748243 2 < psikeiro2 > doge T 1379748244 2 < NeoDestiny2 > > components T 1379748245 < 10-11- Nooodle has quit 14 ( Quit : Page closed14 ) T 1379748253 2 < NeoDestiny2 > so I should get that motherboard with the guns as heatsinks , right ?
The song that plays over the end credits is a modified version of the song that usually plays , with lyrics instead about Mr. PeanutButter and their race for governor . See more
Quotes
Ending song
Oh , yeah !
Ending song
All right !
Ending song
Go vote !
: Back in the '90s , I was in a very famous TV show . / I 'm Mr. Peanutbutter : / Now tell how can I get no vote ? / Yeah , I 'm for the future , yeah / Everyone will get a free TV : / I 'll put my face on billboards / The entire world will see / Yeah , I promise peace and love / Across the broken land / Yeah , I 'm your governor / Mr. Peanutbutter man / I 'm tasty and good-lookin ' / 'Cause that 's just who I am
A fungi expert working for the City of London Corporation on Hampstead Heath has found ‘ Cortinarius irregularis ' - a species of mushroom never discovered before in the UK .
Field mycologist Andy Overall , who is head of the London Fungus Group , was conducting an environmental fungi survey for the City Corporation 's Hampstead Heath Pond 's Project , which is designed to upgrade the ponds ' flood defences to meet modern safety standards .
The survey was being conducted in a fenced off area – not accessible to the public - on the west bank of the Mixed Bathing Pond , to discover which species of fungi are present , and to develop a management plan on how best to encourage any fungi found .
The find is considered to be an important discovery for field mycology and for the ecology of Hampstead Heath . It is thought that the mushroom 's spores may have been lying dormant for many years and could have come in from the European content , where the species is known to be present - by bird , on the soles of shoes , or even by wind .
Overall said : `` I was very surprised and excited when I spotted the Cortinarius . I knew I had found something important and my heart raced . Hampstead Heath is a green treasure trove , smack bang in the middle of London , and I have been fortunate enough to have discovered one of its hidden gems . ''
City fo London Corporation ecologist Adrian Brooker said : `` Hampstead Heath gets seven million visits a year , and this exciting find just shows the diverse ecology that can be found at even the most popular of green spaces . ''
The species has been verified as Cortinarius irregularis by UK fungi authorities at Kew 's Mycological dept .
Who does n't love muffins ? Sweet or savory , muffins are such a great and easy treat for all kind of occasions : breakfasts , birthday parties , school lunches , brunch , snacking in between meals or even for a light dinner . And because you do n't need to milk or eggs to enjoy these little bites of deliciousness , I put together a round-up of 25 incredibly delicious vegan muffins .
I just love having so many great vegan muffins in one post and I 'm sure there is a flavor for everybody . We got the classic ones with blueberry and chocolate but also others with pumpkin , pomegranate , kiwi , cranberry and sooo many more . And have you ever heard of a vegan omelette muffin ? Sounds weird because you need eggs for that ? ! Oh , no ! Or what about a cinnamon roll muffin ? You see , we 've got you covered !
25 Incredibly Delicious Vegan Muffins :
by Vegan Heaven
Zucchini muffins ? ! I know this sounds kinda crazy , but it 's suuuuper delicious ! ! They 're so moist , chocolatey , sweet , and also a bit crunchy ! And eating zucchini muffins is just like eating your veggies , right ?
by Linda from Veganosity
If you 're looking for a slightly sweet and savory muffins with a moist center , these vegan muffins with blueberries will be the perfect choice !
by Natalie from Feasting on Fruit
These mango ginger muffins are jumbo sized , super chunky , and streusel topped . So what 's not to love about them ? !
by Alisa from Go Dairy Free
Vegan muffins with apples and crunchy almonds ? Yes , please ! !
by Vegan Heaven
Why not just make cinnamon rolls in a muffin pan ? It 's so easy and they 're so cute , are n't they ? And that delicious cinnamon smell ! !
by Arman from The Big Man 's World
You wo n't believe that these are gluten-free , vegan , and that they can also be made sugar-free ! Yum !
by Bianca from elephantastic vegan
These are super easy to make and so great to bring along to parties !
by Audrey from Unconventional Baker
Are you looking for simple , fluffy , good breakfast muffins ? Then these might be perfect !
by Dave from Hurry The Food Up
These delicious vegan banana muffins with sweet apple chunks come together in only 30 minutes !
by Vegan Heaven
Vegan carrot zucchini muffins ? ! A couple of years ago , I probably would have shaken my head in utter disbelief . Vegetables and sweet muffins definitely did n't go together for me , but now I know they actually do and they make such a great and healthy breakfast ! !
These cranberry orange muffins were actually made for Christmas , but they 're great for the whole year !
by Evi from Green Evi
Who thinks you need eggs to make omelette ? These little “ egg ” wonders just look amazing !
by Gwen from Delightful Adventures
Do n't these little donut muffins look amazing ? ! This is such a great idea !
by Vanessa from Vegan Family Recipes
Are n't streusel only for cakes ? ! No ! They 're perfect on muffins as well ! ! And these are made with oats .
by Ceara from Ceara 's Kitchen
These double chocolate banana muffins are so fudgy , moist , and rich . Oh , and they 're even gluten-free !
by Rebecca from Strength and Sunshine
Take a trip “ down under ” to the Gold Coast with this Golden Kiwi Muffin recipe with macadamia milk !
by Celeste from The Whole Serving
If you 're a Chocolate Lover , you are going to love this Chocolate Coconut Streusel Muffin .
by Sandra from Vegan Sandra
Who could say no to vegan raspberry muffins ? Definitely not me ! !
By Jenn from Veggie Inspired Journey
These classic blueberry muffins with a little spin are great for breakfast , lunch , snack , or an after dinner treat .
by Angel from Cheftographer
Dark chocolate and nuts is such a great combo ! YUM !
by Joann from Woman in Real Life
These banana muffins boast healthy ingredients – bananas of course , but also oats , ground flax and coconut oil .
by Vegan Heaven
Another great classic muffin recipe with a twist !
by Lea from Love Me Feed Me
What an awesome idea to use pomegranate for muffins ! !
by Joann from Woman in Real Life
Spring is coming fast with these vegan strawberry muffins !
by Bianca from elephantastic vegan
Blueberry Muffins are a classic – but the addition of marzipan gives this dessert a whole new twist !
I hope you like this collection of 25 incredibly delicious vegan muffins as much as I do ! Happy baking ! xx
Today 's blog is an interview with urban fantasy writer William Dooling . Dooling has self-published their first novel Synchronicity on the Amazon marketplace for $ 3.99 .
I usually review gay smut , and my previous interviews have been with up and coming gay erotica star , Brock Wilder . When I asked to interview you , I told you this , and you hinted that there may be some content in Synchronicity my readers would find familiar . So , tell me , do we get to see the smutty side of urban occult mystery ?
Well , I 'd hate to be accused of false advertising so I 'll say up front that I 'm a product of the Catholic education system and , while they did a good job preparing me for life , they stunted my ability to write excellent smut . As your readership no doubt knows , writing good smut is very difficult , and bad smut rings really hollow…so there is not as much of it here as there will be in future books . However , as a preview : the book is largely about categories and the challenges of putting people neatly into them . One thing I 've never been comfortable with , regarding urban fantasy and fantasy in general , is this idea that “ virgin ” is this tight little category that some people fit into and other people do n't ( IE “ Only a virgin can slay the demon/assemble the seeing stones/tame the unicorn ” ) . Of course , in the modern world , what separates virgins from non-virgins is this extremely fuzzy line that everyone draws in a different place . This virginal ambiguity kickstarts the early plot…so yes , there is some mild smuttyness . Future books will have more , and I already have a major story arc about a character from this story becoming the most sought-after sperm donor on the Eastern Seaboard .
Who are the heroes of Synchronicity ?
I 've had the basic idea for this story for a long time . The basic premise is simply that a collection of very different people are in the library the same day a bomb threat is posted on the door…so our heroes are a diverse host of folks you 'd expect to find in a library : there 's a priest , an engineer who believes in psychokinesis , a chemist who does n't , a homeless dude , a world-renowned physicist , a school reporter , a children 's english teacher , a geriatric librarian…and so on . The idea is essentially to shove a big cast of characters that all believe slightly different things into a box and have them fight it out .
Who is the ideal reader for Synchronicity ?
I do n't know yet . I only decided to self-publish after some soul-searching about whether this book would actually matter to a special kind of person . I 'm convinced that it will . I 'll put it like this : I wanted to write a book that was half Urban Fantasy ( the sort of thing Jim Butcher would write ) and half an Encyclopedic novel like Infinite Jest or Gravity 's Rainbow . Now , this sort of book has the potential to build common ground among disparate groups of intellectuals ( for example people who read Fullmetal Alchemist and people who seriously study 16th century alchemists ) but it also has the potential to piss everyone off . I 'm just about to figure out which . I would like to think that no matter your religious or political worldview , there is at least one character in Synchronicity that wins at least one argument on your behalf . Basically , the ideal reader of Synchronicity is the sort of person that likes having arguments and listening to them .
In another interview , you mentioned that you hired a professional editor , even though you 're self-publishing . Many of my readers are self-publishers , or aspiring self-publishers . Having used a professional editor , do you think the future of self-publishing has a place for the freelance editor ?
There are some important caveats here . Every writer should have an editor , but I strongly discourage the use of online editing services…or basically anyone you do n't have a long-term relationship with . Editors need to know their writers . Most freelance editors simply know markets .
The relationship between a writer and an editor is one of the most powerful and deep ones in the entire span of the human experience , and grave violence has been done to it in recent years . One thing that I mentioned in that interview you linked to is that in the old days , writers would work with dedicated editors for many years and across multiple projects , such that the editor would get a feel for the author 's artistic vision and have a good understanding of what constructions worked…and did n't work . Nowadays , “ mainstream ” authors will tell you all kinds of horror stories about big publishers laying off , overworking , or constantly switching their editors…because they realize that the mass market does n't really care about the kind of tiny details editors exist to refine .
This is my first attempt at self-publishing , I have very little working knowledge of what I 'm doing , but I would advise anyone starting out to find an editor who knows and understands their work . An editor is like a close friend who gets paid money to tell you when you 're being an ass . My editor did a very good job with this , and the book is better as a result . I also think that an editor serves an important function in the self-publishing world , similar to what good cover art does for a comic book : It shows that serious effort went into the final product…that it 's not just crap . This was n't a lark . This was something I put time and money into .
At one point , one of your characters says that “ Philosophy is a profoundly disappointing field of inquiry , ” a statement I happen to agree with , but I 'm a little bit surprised to hear it from a man with a Philosophy minor . What , if anything is the value of philosophical study in a modern world ?
In the specific passage you mention , the characters are discussing what is usually called an “ Ontological Argument ” for the existence of God . The idea is that you can prove God is real using basic logical constructions no one could possibly argue with . Most theists are dimly aware that this is possible , but often do not take the time to learn exactly what this sort of argument proves , when executed correctly ( the answer is “ very little ” ) . They just assume it works , and go about their day to day . People do that a lot . Philosophy is , and should be , disappointing in the early stages , because what you end up learning is how shaky the foundation of knowledge actually is .
As you get better at it , you start to gain a better understanding of why you do the things you do . This is quite valuable . In writing ( and incidentally , in sex ) you never get very far if you simply let your initial impulses and assumptions control you…if you do n't think about other people , and what they want , and why they want what they want . You end up being that kid that does n't eat vegetables , that boyfriend that does n't perform well in bed , or that author that just writes crappy knock-offs of other people 's stuff . I 'd like to think that studying philosophy…or anything really….helps a person examine their life , and in the process be a better person . It has absolutely no utility in “ winning ” arguments , proving how smart you are , getting a job , or making money…but it does , I think , make you better at being a person , and a friend to other people .
Anything you 'd like to add ?
The real promise of self-publishing , and the information age in general , is that we can build communities that would be impossible in “ real life. ” I get very cynical about the modern world sometimes but I am very glad that blogs like yours exist , because you and your readership have an eclecticism that makes real art possible . Thanks for letting me share my art !
Also , chapter two , scene two of Synchronicity contains an attempt to write the most obscure joke in the history of humankind . If anyone “ gets ” it , please write me at [ email protected ] because we should talk more .
I will continue to read your blog with great interest !
Thank you , and thanks for the interview . That book again , ladies and gentlehumans is Synchronicity , and it is for sale on the Amazon marketplace for $ 3.99 .
In an effort to maintain calm , families often struggle to avoid situations that can set off another outburst . They walk on eggshells , a doomed effort because it is not possible to predict what will prompt an outburst . Living with a borderline person is like traversing a minefield ; you never know when an explosion will occur .
A Misleading Label
The name of the disorder was coined in the 1930s , in a misleading reference to the border between neurosis and psychosis . Experts say it has nothing to do with either condition .
Rather , affected individuals seem to be born with a quick and unduly sensitive emotional trigger . The condition appears to have both genetic and environmental underpinnings . Brain studies have indicated that the emotional center of the nervous system — the amygdala — may be overly reactive , while the part that reins in emotional reactions may be underactive .
As children , people who will develop the disorder are often “ hyperreactive , hypervigilant and supersensitive , ” Valerie Porr , a therapist in New York , said in an interview . Typically they receive a host of misdiagnoses and treatments that are inappropriate and ineffective .
“ Some children need more than others in learning to regulate their emotions , ” said Marsha M. Linehan , a psychologist at the University of Washington who devised the leading treatment for borderline disorder .
“ These kids require a lot of effort to keep themselves emotionally regulated , ” Dr. Linehan said in an interview . “ They do best with stability . If the family situation is chaotic or the family is very uptight , teaching children to grin and bear it , that tough kids do n't cry , these children will have a lot of trouble . ”
Even in a normal family , such children need extra help . Dr. Linehan told of one mother who said : “ I was an ordinary mother , and my child needed a special mother . I took training and became the special mother they needed . ”
Photo
Borderline personality disorder afflicts about 2 percent of the general population , according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual , and it is twice as common as a much better-known disorder , schizophrenia . ( Other studies suggest the prevalence is as high as 6 percent . ) Many borderline patients hurt themselves , and 10 percent die by suicide .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Yet as common and serious a problem as it is , Dr. Linehan said that patients often have difficulty getting the help they need — partly because therapists tend to regard borderline patients as manipulative and demanding of an inordinate amount of time and attention .
Ms. Porr , a social worker who specializes in helping families of borderline patients , said therapists with traditional analytic training often provide ineffective treatment , then experience feelings of failure and frustration . Psychotherapeutic drugs have not been effective in controlling the disorder . As a result , 70 percent of these patients drop out of traditional treatments , Ms. Porr said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Ms. Porr tries to help families learn to handle the problem and not make it worse . They said in an interview that families need to understand why borderline patients act and react the way they do , then respond in ways that validate the patients ' feelings and help them regain and maintain emotional control .
Treatments That Can Help
Experts say that even suicidal patients are unlikely to benefit from the kind of extended hospitalization depicted in “ Girl , Interrupted. ” More often , a few days in the hospital should be followed by psychotherapy directed at helping them learn to live more effectively with their cognitive misinterpretations and emotional instability .
Dr. Linehan practices dialectical behavior therapy , the only therapy that has been demonstrated to be effective in a number of randomized clinical trials . They said two other approaches , called mentalization and Stepp , were also likely to be helpful .
Dialectical behavior therapy , a derivative of cognitive behavior therapy , helps patients identify thoughts , beliefs and assumptions that make their lives challenging and then learn different ways of thinking and reacting .
In effect , Dr. Linehan tells patients , “ Your problem is that you do n't know how to regulate yourself , and I can teach you how. ” They said thousands of therapists have been trained in dialectical behavior therapy , and many others practice it without special training .
But the value of the therapy can be thwarted if patients return to an environment that misunderstands them . Thus , Dr. Linehan said , it is important for others to recognize that people with borderline personality disorder are genuinely suffering . “ They are in excruciating pain that is almost always discounted by others and attributed to bad motives , ” they said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The idea is “ to validate the person 's emotional reactions , to say , ‘ I understand how you feel , ' to pay attention , not to the situation , but to the emotion behind it , ” Dr. Linehan said .
Alan E. Fruzzetti , a psychologist at the University of Nevada , said that families have to learn how to “ soothe themselves , to realize that though the situation is awful , not to blame or be judgmental of the person but to see the person as also suffering . ”
Reacting in a nonloving way magnifies the trauma tenfold , they said in an interview , adding : “ You may have to leave a bad situation , but you must come back in a loving way , maybe say something like , ‘ That blowout yesterday , I really want to understand your experience . ' ”
Therapists trained in dialectical behavior therapy can be located through the Web site www.behavioraltech.org .
If anyone here ever wanted to admit that they know what they know , there would be honest representations of this piece in this thread .
Men have and exercise power over women in our societies . Men assert and affirm that power in many ways .
Farting is a natural , in fact unavoidable , feature of mammalian existence . Men claim it as their own and `` other '' women , who are forbidden by social convention from farting in order to succeed in any realm of life . Just one more of the thousands of ways in which women are required to conform to a stereotype that excludes us from normal humanity .
Everybody here sees this as clearly as I do . Those who deny it are heavily invested in perpetuating the otherness of women , and maintaining male power over women . It 's that simple .
If you want to quote any portion of the linked piece that quotes any feminist saying FART RAPE or that suggests or implies that farting=rape , you go right ahead . Otherwise , you go right on misrepresenting what the women said .
Basing a claim that a feminist who did not say what you misrepresent them as saying has `` no understanding of what rape really is '' on your own misrepresentation of what they said does n't actually make you a feminist , you might want to know .
I have looked into Ingle a little ( I actually know what CUPE is , for starters ) , and I find that I disagree with them on some significant points . It might interest everyone to know that they are , by definition , not a `` radfem '' , for starters , and in fact I would consider them essentially a traitor to feminism and women on a very major point . This does not mean that their analysis of other issues is faulty , or that anyone is entitled , in the eyes of honest people , to lie about what they say as the author of the piece quoted in the OP did and which you appear eager to adopt .
edit - to point out that the article linked in the OP
http : //thewaterpipe.wordpress.com/2013/12/22/can-a-fart-be-misogynist/
IS NOT written by any feminist , let alone woman . This can be found on its home page :
http : //thewaterpipe.wordpress.com/2014/01/22/are-chimps-smarter-than-feminist/
Take a guess who writes that kind of stupid tripe .
In fact , it rather appears that the entire article is stupid tripe about something that actually never happened , now that I bother to read it in full .
Funny how a moron trying to demean women actually managed to dream up an actual example of male dominance behaviour and oppressive `` feminine '' stereotype ... because I WAS a victim . I survived the attempt on my life . Rape is not an attempted killing . I have no truck with this `` survivor '' bullshit . I might as well say I 'm a survivor of Christmas dinner . Someone victimized me . I was a victim.If anyone here ever wanted to admit that they know what they know , there would be honest representations of this piece in this thread.Men have and exercise power over women in our societies . Men assert and affirm that power in many ways.Farting is a natural , in fact unavoidable , feature of mammalian existence . Men claim it as their own and `` other '' women , who are forbidden by social convention from farting in order to succeed in any realm of life . Just one more of the thousands of ways in which women are required to conform to a stereotype that excludes us from normal humanity.Everybody here sees this as clearly as I do . Those who deny it are heavily invested in perpetuating the otherness of women , and maintaining male power over women . It 's that simple.If you want to quote any portion of the linked piece that quotes any feminist saying FART RAPE or that suggests or implies that farting=rape , you go right ahead . Otherwise , you go right on misrepresenting what the women said.Basing a claim that a feminist who did not say what you misrepresent them as saying has `` no understanding of what rape really is '' on your own misrepresentation of what they said does n't actually make you a feminist , you might want to know.I have looked into Ingle a little ( I actually know what CUPE is , for starters ) , and I find that I disagree with them on some significant points . It might interest everyone to know that they are , by definition , not a `` radfem '' , for starters , and in fact I would consider them essentially a traitor to feminism and women on a very major point . This does not mean that their analysis of other issues is faulty , or that anyone is entitled , in the eyes of honest people , to lie about what they say as the author of the piece quoted in the OP did and which you appear eager to adopt.edit - to point out that the article linked in the OPIS NOT written by any feminist , let alone woman . This can be found on its home page : Take a guess who writes that kind of stupid tripe.In fact , it rather appears that the entire article is stupid tripe about something that actually never happened , now that I bother to read it in full.Funny how a moron trying to demean women actually managed to dream up an actual example of male dominance behaviour and oppressive `` feminine '' stereotype ...
What can game developers expect out of Project Scorpio , Microsoft 's upcoming Xbox revamp ?
That 's something we tried to shed some light on last week with our technical breakdown of Scorpio and its dev kit , which was heavily informed by meetings we had with Microsoft staffers at the company 's headquarters earlier this year .
One of those interviews was with Xbox chief Phil Spencer , and we published it in full because it offers devs useful perspective on the future of Xbox -- everything from where Spencer stands on VR exclusivity ( not a fan ) to the future of Xbox hardware .
But there were other conversations we had that might also be of interest to game makers , especially the briefings we took with devs from Microsoft 's first-party developers Turn 10 Studios ( the house of all things Forza ) and The Coalition ( Gears of War 4 . )
As you might expect , these conversations were very positive when it came time to talk about the nuts and bolts of making games for Scorpio -- both studios are owned by Microsoft and were directly involved in the hardware 's design . But they 're also staffed with people who make games for a living , and who seem to take their work as a vanguard for Scorpio development seriously .
`` A major piece of us being first-party is to prove the platform for other developers , '' Turn 10 studio software architect Chris Tector told Gamasutra . `` We really hold that dear to what we 're supposed to do . It 's our responsibility as a first-party studio . To help ensure the platform is ready for everybody . ''
Think like a PC game developer
For Tector , one of the biggest challenges of getting ready for Scorpio , which takes 4K resolution as one of its chief selling points , was actually tackled when Turn 10 started developing for PC -- and adjusted its production pipeline accordingly .
`` Around Forza 6 , we knew that in the future we were going to have to move to Direct3D 12 . Not just help the platform prove it out as a feature , but we wanted to move to it , because we knew we were gon na move into PC gaming , '' said Tector . `` The only way we were gon na get the level of submission efficency that we have on console is to move to this new Direct3D model ; 11 was n't really gon na cut it for us . ''
`` So we had those two big moves coming , PC development and Direct3D 12. and we wanted to start bringing them in in pieces . So that 's why we developed Forza Motorsport 6 Apex . Which was a slice of 6 , but it was the first time that PC players got to play it , '' they continued . `` So we got to start dealing with all of the wheels that were there for scaling across different PC specs . Or dealing directly with the IHVs [ integrated hardware vendors ] like AMD and Nvidia . So that really forced us to build up these muscles around C development . And that included things like kinda revamping our authoring process so that we now were capable of creating and building and packaging 4K assets , and delivering them in the way that we wanted to , so we could still deliver car packs like we 've always done . ''
Forza Motorsport 6 Apex car butts
This matches up with much of what Mike Raynor , technical director at The Coalition , told Gamasutra about what it 's like developing for Scorpio : the addition of a beefier console to the `` Xbox One family of devices '' requires devs to think like PC game makers , and build games that can scale across hardware configurations of significantly different power .
`` Invest in making sure your engine is scalable , '' said Raynor . `` So that you can take advantage of these different performance profiles . And author your content at a native art resolution that allows you to scale and take advantage of that . So for us , we authored all of our content at 4K from the get-go , knowing that we were n't going to use all of that on necessarily all devices , right . Certainly not on our PC min-spec . ''
Before they joined The Coalition Raynor spent time working at Electronic Arts on games for both the Xbox 360 and the original Xbox ; based on that experience , they tell Gamasutra that Scorpio is an improvement on the Xbox One from a developer 's perspective .
`` When I first started working with Xbox One , I was a little bit disappointed ; it kind of felt like we 'd really taken a step back . And I 've seen that evolve , and improve constantly since we 've launched , but with what we 're doing with Scorpio , it 's now very pleasurable to work with , '' said Raynor . `` From a developer standpoint , when you think about Xbox One , Xbox One S ( with HDR ) and now with Scorpio , a lot of development for us is similar to PC . And we kind of think of PC as kind of the ultimate platform , in terms of scalability and all the different targets that we have . ''
So if a studio is already accustomed to multi-platform development and has a system in place to produce games that can scale across different PC hardware configurations , both Raynor and Tector believe targeting Scorpio should be relatively straightforward .
As an example of how straightforward it might be for an established multi-platform studio to add Scorpio to its pipeline , Tector told the story of how Turn 10 got in a Scorpio dev kit back in mid-January , when Microsoft wanted to see what was involved with getting Forza up and running on the hardware .
`` So we taped the fan to the desk and we kept going ''
`` So Matt Lee , from the Direct3D team on Xbox , they show up with a cardboard box full of parts , '' recalls Tector . `` It 's like , a loose motherboard , the debugging adapters , the drives . And they set it up on the desk . And it 's just like , there 's no proper cooling on it , so we just have a fan sitting there . And it 's blowing across it , and it vibrates , and the fan starts moving and the whole thing shuts down because the memory overheats and ... it was comedy . So we taped the fan to the desk and we kept going and within 2 days , we were already running at 4K [ resolution ] 60 [ frames per second ] . ''
Tector went on to say that two-day process of porting to Scorpio only required one person , who wound up sat alone in a room with the jury-rigged dev kit .
`` We had set up this whole locked room . You know , secret hardware , got ta keep them sequestered while he 's working on it for the weeks and weeks it 'll take , '' said Tector . `` And after two days they [ Matt Lee ] was like , 'Well I 'm gon na go , you guys can play around with it for a bit . I 'll come back in a day . ' And this was like this huge sigh of relief for us . ''
But while Tector was mostly about their company 's upcoming console , they also expressed some regret for the Scorpio console not quite getting to where Turn 10 specifically would like it to be in terms of hardware .
`` We did n't get to the right place with audio hardware . On all of Xbox One . And we were hoping that would improve , '' said Tector . `` Because that would really open up some CPU headroom for us . I do n't know if I 'm calling out something I 'm not supposed to ! But we do a lot of heavier-weight audio than some other games do , and it means we do a lot of real-time mixing of that . Because the way we generate an engine is more of a simulation based on a whole lot of loops . But it means that we 're modeling the different subcomponents within the car . So not just the engine , it 's actually transmission and an inner cooler and blah blah blah , all these little bits on the engine that we 're building up , and then that 's a final mix on one car . And then we 've got ta go do it on the next one . ''
`` So it 's pretty heavyweight , and we have some heavy requirements around that , '' Tector concluded . `` But we 'll get there someday . ''
Rohit Sharma , who is going through a lean patch , was batting `` the best among all of us '' in the nets , according to Gautam Gambhir © AFP
The change of venues from windy Hambantota to humid Colombo may not change the fortunes of Rohit Sharma and Manoj Tiwary . The team management expects much of Rohit in the 2015 World Cup and will back them `` as much as possible '' , according to opening batsman Gautam Gambhir . Tiwary is sure to get opportunities , but whether it comes in the next game or the next series , `` no one knows , '' Gambhir said . So basically , Rohit has the faith ; Tiwary can keep the bench .
What again came out in the press conference was how highly the team management rated Rohit . Gambhir said dropping a `` talented '' player like Rohit - who averages 17.33 this year - would only undermine their confidence . They might not be among the runs , but Rohit was batting `` the best among all of us '' in the nets , and asked for more faith as they saw them `` scoring a lot of runs for India in the future . '' Where are they going wrong at present , though ? `` Nowhere . ''
`` He 's done pretty well , '' Gambhir said . `` Not on this tour , not in Australia , but he 's got two Man-of-the-Series awards , in West Indies and in India . If you keep chopping and changing players like them who are so talented , you are only going to play with their confidence . They were unfortunate in the last game . You can drag the ball on [ to the stumps ] . It can happen to the best of players . But you have to see the bigger picture . If they are in your scheme of things for the next World Cup , obviously you have to go with them and try and give them as much confidence as possible . ''
Gambhir said it was a matter of time before Rohit got the runs . `` Whether a person is in form or out of it , the important thing is how they are feeling about their batting . You can not be batting well , but you can still be getting runs . If you are very comfortable with your batting , if you know that you are batting well , somewhere down the line you will score runs . We still need to show some faith in them because they are a quality player . ''
Getting dropped after a lean run may damage Rohit 's confidence , but Tiwary 's will sink lower when they make a match-winning century , and is then left out for 13 straight games , and maybe more . All Gambhir said was that Tiwary should look to grab every chance they got .
`` It is not about individuals and I do n't want to talk about individuals , about how Manoj is feeling , '' Gambhir said . `` How the team is doing is all that matters . Somewhere down the line , they will get an opportunity . If they are not getting the opportunity and the team management [ believes the ] playing XI they pick is the best XI to do the job on that particular day , the team management does that because ultimately it is not about individuals . It is about what results you want and what combination you want to go with .
`` Whenever Manoj gets that opportunity , they should be looking forward to it and they should do well in that opportunity . Whether they get it in the next game , whether they get it in the next series , no one knows . ''
The third ODI on Saturday may make the fate of both the batsmen clearer .
Abhishek Purohit is an editorial assistant at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
When you 're slogging away on a project like a migrations framework , it can seem a little unforgiving . You spend so many commits just laying down foundations and groundwork that it 's such a relief when things finally start to work together - something I 've always known as a black triangle .
You can imagine , then , how happy I am with the progress made this week . Not only did the autodetector get a lot better , but there are now commands . Not only that , but you can frigging migrate stuff with them .
I Should Calm Down A Bit
I know , that might seem like the entire purpose of a migrations framework , but it 's nice to finally get all this code I 've been planning for years ( quite literally in some cases ) working together and playing nicely .
Enough talk . Let 's look at some examples . Here are a models.py file I found lying around :
from django.db import models class Author ( models.Model ) : name = models.CharField ( max_length=255 ) featured = models.BooleanField ( )
Pretty simple , eh ? Let 's make a migration for it !
Of course , the command to do that has changed ; in South , you had to run manage.py schemamigration appname for each app you wanted to migrate . Now , you just run manage.py makemigrations :
$ ./manage.py makemigrations Do you want to enable migrations for app 'books ' ? yes Migrations for 'books ' : 0001_initial.py : - Create model Author
makemigrations will scan all apps and output all changes at once , possibly involving multiple migrations for each app . It will know to add dependencies between apps with ForeignKeys to each other , and to split up a migration into two if there 's a circular ForeignKey reference .
There 's no more -- auto , no more -- initial , and it 'll even remind you to create migrations for new apps ( do n't worry , it wo n't prompt more than once ) .
Let 's make some changes to our models.py file ; in particular , I 'm going to allow longer names , and add an integer rating column :
from django.db import models class Author ( models.Model ) : name = models.CharField ( max_length=500 ) featured = models.BooleanField ( ) rating = models.IntegerField ( null=True )
Let 's run makemigrations :
$ ./manage.py makemigrations Migrations for 'books ' : 0002_auto.py : - Add field rating to author - Alter field name on author
Notice how it 's telling you nicely what each migration contains . There 's also some colour on these commands to make them easier to read on the console ; making migrations should be a pleasant experience , after all .
The Challenges
Of course , the result is lovely , but I 'd like to look closer at one particular challenge - that of autodetection .
Autodetection is a very deep topic , and one I 'll doubtless return to . However , the particular problem this week was having the autodetector intelligently discover new apps to add migrations to .
In South , you have to manually enable migrations for an app using the -- initial switch to schemamigration , but I wanted to eliminate that distinction here . It 's trivial enough to detect apps without migrations which need them , but that 's not quite enough .
The problem is , you see , that there are plenty of apps that do n't have migrations and do n't need them . Third-party libraries , old internal packages with manual SQL migrations , and of course our own django.contrib ( though I 'm sure a few of those will inevitably grow migrations ) .
Thus , without any sort of extra code , makemigrations will prompt every time you run it about each of these unmigrated apps . That 's going to get very annoying , and so I devoted quite a bit of thought to how to address this .
There 's no way to write a marker into the apps themselves - third-party libraries may be shared and/or read-only - and so there are only two solutions :
A setting , called UNMIGRATED_APPS
An autogenerated file in the project directory
While we 're trying to have fewer settings as part of Django - there 's currently way too many - I feel that UNMIGRATED_APPS is a good fit to INSTALLED_APPS and fits the Django culture better .
It does mean having to update the settings file each time you add an app you do n't want to migrate , rather than makemigrations updating an autogenerated file for you , but the command can remind you of this and even print you the new value ready to paste into your settings file .
Plus , it means migration refuseniks can just set UNMIGRATED_APPS = INSTALLED_APPS and get on with coding .
Opinions on this are of course always welcome , via Twitter or email .
One More Thing
There 's one final feature I want to show off . If you ever renamed a field in South you 'd know that it detected it as a removal and an addition and lost all your data . That 's no more . Behold :
from django.db import models class Author ( models.Model ) : name = models.CharField ( max_length=500 ) featured_top = models.BooleanField ( ) rating = models.IntegerField ( null=True )
$ ./manage.py makemigrations Migrations for 'books ' : 0003_auto.py : - Rename field featured on author to featured_top
Do n't worry , there 's more nice features like that in the works .
Downing Street says it is obliged by law to extradite Assange to Sweden and 'it is our intention to carry out that obligation '
Downing Street has said Britain is still committed to seeking a diplomatic solution with Ecuador in the standoff over the proposed extradition to Sweden of Julian Assange .
But British diplomats in the Ecuadorean capital , Quito , and in other regional capitals have communicated the message that David Cameron is adamant Assange will not be granted safe passage . They say Britain is under a legal obligation to extradite Assange to Sweden to face allegations of sexual misconduct .
The government 's thinking was outlined by the prime minister 's spokesperson at the weekly Downing Street lobby briefing . The spokesperson said : `` Our hope is that we can reach a diplomatic solution and we are doing what we can to achieve that .
`` We will not grant safe passage for Mr Assange . Under our law , having exhausted all the options of appeal , we are obliged to extradite them to Sweden . It is our intention to carry out that obligation . We will continue talking to the Ecuadorean government and others to try and find a diplomatic solution here . ''
On Sunday , Assange appeared on the first-floor balcony of the Ecuadorean embassy in Knightsbridge to declare they were facing a `` witch-hunt '' led by the US . Assange was granted political asylum last week by Rafael Correa , Ecuador 's president , two months after the WikiLeaks founder sought refuge in the embassy .
Ecuador tried to maintain diplomatic pressure on Britain , which warned last week it could revoke the diplomatic status of its embassy , by convening a meeting of foreign ministers from the 12-strong Unasur South American union in Guayaquil , Ecuador 's largest city . The ministers condemned the British warning over the status of Ecuador 's embassy but declined to endorse Correa 's decision to grant asylum to Assange .
Downing Street said British diplomats had been explaining to members of Unasur why Britain was determined to extradite Assange . The prime minister 's spokesperson said : `` We are obliged to extradite this man . They face some very serious allegations in Sweden . The extradition case has been heard in our courts . We have been through the process . We now have to proceed with our obligation , which is to extradite them to Sweden .
`` He [ the prime minister ] thinks we need to meet our obligations and that means extraditing them to Sweden . We will be making our position clear to the Ecuadorean government , to others in that region , to explain why this is the process and why we have to follow this process under the law . ''
The spokesperson defended the Foreign Office 's decision to write to Ecuadorean officials last week pointing out that Britain could , under the Diplomatic and Consular Premises Act 1987 , revoke the diplomatic status of its embassy if it `` ceases to use land for the purposes of its mission or exclusively for the purposes of a consular post '' . William Hague , the foreign secretary , denied Ecuadorean claims that this amounted to a threat to storm the embassy .
The prime minister 's spokesperson said : `` All we were doing last week was setting out the position as it stands . We were simply clarifying the legal position , no more than that . We will continue to talk to the Ecuadoreans to try to find a way forward here . ''
In one of the episodes on Bill Moyers and Company , Mr. Moyers speaks to Heather McGee on the subject of Economic Malpractice and the Millennials .
One of the phrases that comes up during the conversation is teachers who are viewed as “ Welfare Queens ” in terms of how the corporate reformers have framed the debate on the value of professional , qualified teachers .
Here is that part of the transcript :
BILL MOYERS : How did you get a start ? What were your– who were your parents ? What did they do ?
HEATHER McGHEE : I 'm the descendent of American slaves . I 'm from the South — Mississippi , Georgia , Louisiana . My grandparents and great-grandparents moved up to work in the steel mills of Chicago .
My grandmother and grandfather both had public sector jobs at a time when there was rampant discrimination in the private sector . They became , you know , leaders in the police force in Chicago , a social worker in the Chicago public schools . And they were able to retire comfortably . And they were able to help my parents out . And my parents were able , in turn , to help me out . But the idea that I 'm going to be able to do that for my children , given the amount of debt that I have is something that I think I 've just had to let go of .
BILL MOYERS : Well , that 's what can happen in the public sector . That the public sector over the last 50 years has created a very large middle class for people who would otherwise never have gotten into it . And now with the assault on public unions and public sector , that ladder 's being taken down , right ?
HEATHER McGHEE : Absolutely . It 's been so shocking to see the demonization of public servants . It 's really part of this 40-year attack on the public . And I think the fact that we 're seeing right now that teachers , public janitors , school workers , bus drivers , cops , firefighters are the new welfare queens in our public life .
I mean , really they are . I mean , if you think about the stereotype that 's being trafficked right now . They 're talking about these lazy , you know , bloated pensions that are just , you know , cheating the system . I mean , that 's the welfare queens of the 1980s . And what has been– what 's the same between the welfare queen and this image of the postal worker who does n't really deserve the benefits they 're getting ? These old shop worn stereotypes of race and gender .
To watch the episode in full , which I would highly recommend doing , go to Economic Malpractice and the Millennials .
Dora
Antarctic Science Advisory Committee to be axed as part of budget cuts to be announced in MYEFO
Posted
A committee advising the Australian Government on science and logistics in the Antarctic region is set to be cut as part of the Government 's budget update on Monday .
The Federal Government is set to announce that 175 agencies will be scrapped in an effort to save $ 500 million through streamlining agencies and avoiding duplication .
The news has prompted concern from the Antarctic scientific community , which is already reeling from budget cuts to the CSIRO and the Antarctic Division .
Tasmanian Polar Network spokesperson John Brennan said while Australia was a leader in Antarctic treaty nations , the sector was struggling to deal with budget cuts .
`` We need to maintain that leadership role because we will then become attractive to be a collaborated partner with emerging nations such as China , '' they said .
`` It 's really important for Australia to have the science capacity and the logistics capacity to stay at the top of the heap .
`` Let 's hope it does n't weaken the strategic advantage that Australia has in the region . ''
Mr Brennan said Australia 's role in Antarctica provides enormous economic benefits , particularly for Tasmania .
`` We 've got to play to our advantage in Tasmania and the Antarctic Southern Ocean science sector is a huge advantage to Tasmania 's emerging economy , '' they said .
Topics : federal -- -state-issues , research-organisations , research , hobart-7000 , tas , australia , antarctica
Chinese restrictions from January will hit UK recycling efforts and risk plastic waste being stockpiled or ending up in landfill , warn industry leaders
A ban on imports of millions of tonnes of plastic waste by the Chinese government from January could see an end to collection of some plastic in the UK and increase the risk of environmental pollution , according to key figures in the industry .
Recycling companies say the imminent restrictions by China – the world 's biggest market for household waste – will pose big challenges to the UK 's efforts to recycle more plastic .
Analysis of customs data by Greenpeace reveals British companies have shipped more than 2.7m tonnes of plastic waste to China and Hong Kong since 2012 – two-thirds of the UK 's total waste plastic exports .
Pressure is growing on Thérèse Coffey , the environment minister , to take urgent action to support and build the UK recycling industry to meet the challenges created by the China ban . But when asked recently , Michael Gove , the environment secretary , said : “ I do n't know what impact it will have . It is ... something to which – I will be completely honest – I have not given it sufficient thought . ”
Stuart Foster from Recoup , said there were indications in 2008 and 2012 that the Chinese market might be restricted in future but no action was taken in the UK . They said the restrictions on the export market should be an opportunity for the UK to develop its own infrastructure and create a circular economy in plastics .
But there was no robust plan in place to cope with the impact of the closure of the biggest market for waste in the world and the restrictions would lead to stockpiling of plastic waste , more incineration and the risk of more landfill .
“ Whatever happens we need to maintain control of the material because the bigger worry is about leakage of plastic into the environment , ” said Foster .
China 's dominance in manufacturing means that for years it has been the world 's largest importer of recyclable materials . In 2016 , China imported 7.3m tonnes of waste plastics from developed countries including the UK , the US and Japan .
Q & A Why does the UK export its waste to China ? Show Hide China 's dominant position in manufacturing means that for many years it has been the largest global importer of many types of recyclable materials which it uses in its manufacturing industry . Countries like the UK have relied on China as a market for its waste , partly because until recently the Chinese had lower standards than other markets . Exporting to China was a way of meeting higher recycling targets and reducing landfill without having to improve the collections and quality of our recyclable waste material . But China , in a campaign against `` foreign garbage '' , is simultaneously banning the importation of 24 types of material , including plastic and mixed paper waste . The Chinese government has indicated it will in future only accept recyclable material with a maximum contamination level of 0.3 % . The current situation could be an opportunity for the UK to increase the proportion of recycled plastic in its own products , improve the quality of recovered materials and to use recycled material in new ways .
But this summer the Chinese announced they intended to stop the importation of 24 kinds of solid waste by the end of this year , including polyethylene terephthalate ( Pet ) drinks bottles , other plastic bottles and containers , and all mixed paper , in a campaign against yang laji or “ foreign garbage ” .
The Chinese have also increased quality controls for all other waste including cardboard , something other markets are likely to follow , which will also put the British recycling industry under huge pressure . The impact could see local authorities reducing collections because they are not economically viable .
Simon Ellin , chief executive of the Recycling Association , said the government was asleep on the job and the situation was a shambles . “ If the government is serious about waste and recycling , they need to invest and come up with a coherent plan for the recycling industry , ” they said .
Ray Georgeson , head of the Resource Association , an advocacy body for the recycling industry , said the lower-grade materials would have nowhere to go .
“ Can you imagine the press coverage if local authority recycling rates drop by 5 or 10 % because the plastics have no market to go to ? ” they said .
Lee Marshall , chief executive of Larac , which advises local authorities on recycling , told Greenpeace the fee at sorting plants may increase for councils because the sorting would have to be done to a better standard for new markets , or the price they get for any materials may decrease .
This could lead some councils to stop collecting some types of plastic , such as meat trays and yoghurt pots , for recycling . “ While councils do n't like turning materials off … if the economics are such that it does cause them a problem , that 's a decision they 'll have to make , ” they said .
Marcus Gover , chief executive of Wrap , said the restrictions posed “ substantial challenges ” and urgent action was needed to secure a thriving recycling supply chain for plastics and paper to benefit the UK economically and environmentally . The quality of UK recycling has to improve to meet higher standards put in place by China and other markets , they said
Many believe the restriction of the Chinese market should be opportunity for the UK to develop its recycling infrastructure and forge a link with the UK manufacturing industry to utilise more recycled plastic .
But many experts said the government was not taking action .
Foster said : “ If you could get the link in place with UK manufacturers making plastic products , so that it makes business and environmental sense to use the recycled content and at the same time build up the recycling infrastructure in the UK , this is a real opportunity .
“ We need the right policy put in place . But unfortunately because of Brexit ... we have other priorities . ”
Mary Creagh MP , chair of the Environmental Audit Committee , said : “ This ban could mean a double whammy for council tax payers if the price of our exported waste falls and the cost of UK disposal rises . The government should show leadership and invest in more reprocessing facilities at home to reuse these valuable materials , create green jobs and prevent plastic and paper pollution . ”
A Defra spokesperson said : “ We are continuing to work with the waste industry and the Environment Agency to understand the impact across the sector of the Chinese government 's proposed restrictions on waste imports .
“ We are also looking at ways to process more of our recycling at home as part of our resources and waste strategy . ”
Human faces provide various information about emotions . Microsoft launched a free service in December 2015 to analyze human faces detecting their emotions . The emotions detected are anger , contempt , disgust , fear , happiness , neutral , sadness , and surprise . These emotions are understood to be cross-culturally and universally communicated with particular facial expressions .
The Emotion API takes an facial expression in an image as an input , and returns the confidence across a set of emotions for each face in the image , as well as bounding box for the face , using the Face API .
The implementation in R allows analyzing human faces in a structured way . Note , that one have to create an account to use the Face API .
The example is referred to a simple example :
You need four R packages : httr , XML , stringr , ggplot2 .
Analyze Face Emotions with R :
Originally published October 4 , 2017 .
One of the things these days that 'll make you a racist and a sexist and an ( insert ) -ophobe is noticing patterns . Once you start , you 're done . You 're a thoughtcriminal forever .
And it 's getting impossible to deny the link between leftist beliefs and paedophilia . Now of course , most leftists are n't paedophiles . But it 's becoming clearer that more paedophiles are leftists than not . Why is that ?
Let 's find out .
Australia 's own far left , ‘ anti-fascist ' ( i.e . ‘ communist ' ) brigade has its own links with paedophilia . That 's as good a place as any to start .
Primary school Assistant Principal Alex Gollan , prominent ‘ anti-bogan ' crusader who was given a large platform to attack nationalists by the MSM , was convicted of paedophilia and the possession of child porn in 2015 . They were a prominent member of the seedy far left who like to ‘ bash the fash ' by shrieking ‘ Nazi ! ' at everyone to the right of Trotsky . Usually on your tax dollars .
Gollan liked to chat online with one of their nine-year-old students and call them ‘ cutie ' , ‘ beautiful ' and ‘ ms naked ' . They claim that 's just how they talk to people .
Their defence for the child porn ? Nazis did it . Seriously .
They appear sincerely shocked by how badly received paedophilia is by the Australian public . As if they did n't realise . I almost believe him . In the circles they moved , there are many people who are sympathetic to if not outright supportive of paedophilia . Do n't take my word for it though .
The far left media have been pushing sympathy for paedophilia for years . CNN , the New York Times , Salon , Psychology Today , VICE , Forbes , Jezebel , Eureka Street , the Atlantic , Salon again , Jewish Press and the Toronto Star have all run pieces expressing sympathy for paedophilia or arguing it should be considered simply another ‘ sexual orientation ' .
It 's clear that there are many in the postmodern left who , if not paedophiles themselves , at least consider that we treat it too harshly . For those of us outside the postmodern left , that 's called a ‘ slippery slope ' .
It also shows how we could reach a point at which people consider it perfectly normal for a four-year-old girl to crawl around a naked man at an ‘ art ' installation .
Or how the establishment media could suppress the explosive story of Pakistani Muslim men in Rotherham grooming , sexually exploiting and passing around 1400 underage British girls over a period of 16 years while police turned a blind eye . Apparently the coppers did n't want to be considered ‘ racist ' .
Or ‘ bogans ' even .
In the US this week , Anthony Weiner pled guilty for texting their weiner to a teenage girl . This was n't the first time Weiner 's weiner got them in trouble . Their son-to-be-ex-wife Huma Abedin , who was Hillary 's intimate , then deputy chief of staff , then scapegoat in that order during the election campaign , had already forgiven previous transgressions by little Weiner 's weiner . The ones we know about , anyway .
Huma also worked at a pro-sharia radical Islamist journals for 13 years , has family ties to the Muslim Brotherhood and shady links with the House of Saud .
But remember : Trump said ‘ pussy ' .
Of course , there was also the John Podesta email leak which contained enough evidence to warrant an official investigation . Instead , Podesta got a gig writing at billionaire Jeff Bezos ' blog , the Washington Post .
The connections in the US elite between leftism and paedophilia go far beyond Crooked Hillary 's little swamp , though .
Far left troll Lena Dunham not only admitted to sexually abusing their little baby sister when they were also a child , but described it quite graphically in their autobiography . They were shocked when normal people were shocked about it . They really did n't understand that it was horrifying to any normal , decent person .
It 's not surprising then that they overcame their hatred of white men to praise Hugh Heffner upon their death for ‘ celebrating sexuality ' . I guess transgressives stick together . It was Heffner who gave Brooke Shields one of their early career breaks . They appeared naked in their publication Sugar n Spice in 1975 , with the permission of Brookes ' mother Teri .
They were 10 years old .
In 1983 , a US Court ruled that the photographs did not breach child pornography laws . No-one went to jail . Totally normal .
Rumours have been rife for years about elite Hollywood paedophile rings . Despite growing evidence , there have been no charges . The same self-righteous Hollywood elite who protected Roman Polanski after they drugged and raped a 13-year-old girl continue to pretend there is nothing wrong with the culture in Hollywood .
Lest we think it 's just leftists in Hollywood and Washington , however , prominent figures in the 1960 's New Left movement were avowed paedophiles . Allen Ginsberg , still taught to English Literature undergraduates in universities across the West , was a life-long member of and advocate for the North American Man/Boy Love Association .
The deviants of the New Left avant-garde , all of them sexual predators , creeps or gluttons , operated in a libertine culture created by such paedophile-enablers as Alfred Kinsey , Wilhelm Reich and Sigmund Freud .
The same pattern of leftist elite paedophilia holds in the UK .
Only in the last few years have rumours regarding the extent of the Paedophile Information Exchange ( PIE ) , a pro-paedophile group which operated from 1974 to 1984 among Britain 's elite , been confirmed . PIE had links to people who became establishment politicians and senior bureaucrats in the UK . Although defended by a communist academic in 2014 on far left blog The Conversation , elite members of PIE committed paedophilia on ‘ an industrial scale ' . PIE was even given money by government of the day . Now to be fair this occurred in the context of 70 's Britain , during which time the Prime Minister Ted Heath was a savage paedophile and some of the most famous entertainers included Gary Glitter , Jimmy Saville and honorary Brit Rolf Harris . All got away with being paedos for years .
The ideology of PIE was very much a part of the wider sexual liberation in swinging London , which was firmly a movement of the left .
As we saw with Alex Gollan , connections between the far left and sexual deviancy are too clear to be ignored . The New York professor and member of Antifa who tweeted about proudly teaching ‘ future dead cops ' , Michael Isaacson , was into sado-masochism , bondage and group sex . That 's at least according to their Fetlife profile .
The Antifa organisers of the Berkeley riots in 2016 and 2017 also have ties to NAMBLA .
There is much more evidence than what has been covered here , but suffice it to say the far left in particular has a problem with paedophilia . This brings us back to our original question : Why ?
In my view , it is because the left is always obsessed with transgression against traditional morality . Modern leftism is the spirit of rebellion ; the mindset of one who , feeling wronged by the world , will take revenge upon it by destroying its moral foundations . The left is a cult of moral inversion .
Whether it is the destruction of property rights , the corruption of marriage , the erasure of identity or transgression against sexual propriety , the left are into chaos . It has been so throughout history , but especially since the French Revolution .
It is no surprise that Western Marxism in particular gives rise to inclinations like paedophilia . Western Marxism , after all , is focused upon the destruction of culture and the family . It is why Western societies are in such deep , deep trouble .
Saul Alinsky is another luminary , so to speak , of the New Left period in America . They were a community organiser in Chicago , and mentored men who later groomed a young Barry Soetoro aka Barack Obama in how to rouse a rabble against evil whitey . They wrote a book , ‘ Rules for Radicals ' , which should be required reading for anyone fighting the left today . They dedicated it to ‘ the first radical known to man who rebelled against the establishment and did it so effectively that they at least won their own kingdom — Lucifer ' .
When you see what paedophilia is you realise that it does n't matter if you believe in the devil or not . Rather we must pretend that they exist regardless , and fight him .
ACTU head says the rich have too much power and the minimum wage no longer keeps people out of poverty
The head of the Australian Council of Trade Unions has called on Australia 's unionists to begin campaigning hard on the issue of inequality , warning workplace rules must be repaired to reverse the damage to workers caused by three decades of neoliberalism .
Sally McManus , secretary of the ACTU , issued the rallying cry on Monday during their opening address to a three-day union conference in Sydney .
They said “ one group of people ” had far too much power in Australia – pointing out the richest 1 % owned more wealth than the poorest 70 % – and old protections for wageworkers had been so whittled down that the minimum wage no longer kept people out of poverty .
Sally McManus has guts . Who cares if the Liberals moan about her ? | Alex McKinnon Read more
They said unions must recapture their role as economic “ disrupters ” with serious power , with secure bargaining positions at the tops of supply chains and “ across industries ” , so workers could once again be adequately paid for their time and energy .
“ It has taken the right 30 years of union bashing and neoliberalism to take us where we are now , ” McManus said on Monday . “ Inequality is at a 70-year high . Wage growth has n't been this low since records starting being kept .
“ The rules that were meant to protect our rights are now not strong enough . They need to be rewritten … we need to change the rules so working people have more power . ”
McManus 's rallying cry comes a week after the governor of the Reserve Bank , Philip Lowe , urged workers to start demanding greater pay rises from their bosses .
Lowe said there was a “ crisis ” in real wage growth in Australia and workers ought to realise the relatively low unemployment rate meant they could start asking for a larger share of the nation 's economic pie .
Earlier this month , Paul Dales of Capital Economics warned Australian workers had not seen “ one cent ” of the extra income generated by recent soaring commodity prices because “ it 's all gone into the pocket of business ” .
They said data showed the share of national income going to Australian workers was close to a 50-year low .
Bureau of Statistics data show labour 's ​share of gross domestic product has fallen to 51.5 % , down from 54.2 % in the third quarter of last year . At the same time , the profit share of GDP has risen from 24.5 % to a five-year high of 27.5 % .
Wayne Swan says Labor must boost workers ' power and rein in corporate excess Read more
McManus said on Monday the meagre share of gross domestic product going to workers was part of a bigger problem .
They said wealth and power had become “ so unbalanced ” in Australia that 678 corporations paid no tax in the most recent financial year on record , and 48 millionaires paid no tax , not even the Medicare levy .
“ We need to change the rules to make them pay their fair share of tax , ” they said . “ We need to change the rules so working people have more power . Surely the answer to the greed of the few is more power for the many . ”
They said the only way to achieve a rebalancing of serious power away from bosses towards workers was to convince more Australians of the importance of a strong union movement .
They said Australia 's unions needed to sign up new members and demand politicians change the rules and demand employers “ play by them ” .
“ The pendulum can only swing back when our power is enough to balance theirs , ” they said .
“ There is a lot of talk about disruption , [ with ] technology disrupting things , ” they said . “ But I tell you who the real disrupters are – it is us … the trade union movement , through our organising , has disrupted history , has changed the ‘ way things are meant to be ' , has pushed those in power off-course and changed history. ” ​
In terms of tradition and winning championships , the Montreal Canadiens are the only North-American sports team that can rival the New York Yankees .
When a franchise has been around as long as Montreal , one of the NHLs original teams , they tend to gravitate toward a certain type of player to represent their brand . A gritty , team-first guy who doesnt attract attention to themselves or the team .
Never call out the coach .
Never call out a teammate .
Be the boy next door who made good .
P.K . Subban is none of those things .
( Photo Credit : USA Today )
Subban is brash , cocky , exuberant , stares down opponents , and has a personality .
All of the things hockey culture frowns upon .
Hockey culture in Canada has historically had a tough time figuring out how to deal with American and Russian players , along with Black players .
Subbans game , or possibly their race , most likely scared the s–t out a lot of old-school hockey fans . In their time in Montreal , phrases used to describe them included , They dont play the game the right way , Too flashy , and my favorite That kid has no respect for the game .
In American sports , were used to such language when describing black athletes whove upset the status quo . Muhammad Ali getting knocked out by Joe Frazier and Cam Newtons performance in Carolinas Super Bowl loss are examples of moments that were celebrated by many who feel that certain black athletes have gotten too uppity .
After all the shame Subban got from hockey purists , they became too popular to hold down . The hockey community saw the writing on the wall . Subban was poised to have the same influence on hockey that Allen Iverson had on basketball .
If white , suburbanite basketball fans cringed when they saw Iversons cornrows and tattoos on the court , you can imagine what was said when Subban would celebrate after scoring a goal .
The game of hockey is unpredictable in nature .
Earlier in the season , Subban turned over the puck within the opposing teams blue line , which caused the other team to convert their miscue into the game-winning goal . Coach Michel Therriens post-game presser pretty much blamed Subban for the loss .
We played hard , played a solid game , ( its ) too bad an individual mistake cost us the game late in the game , Therrien told reporters . As a coach I thought they could have had a better decision at the blue-line and they put themselves in a tough position .
( Photo Credit : USA Today )
Pretty interesting how a coach in a sport that frowns upon individuality would play that card when they saw fit to put them on blast .
Also , team captain Max Pacioretty was on the ice as well .
When that happens , what is a player supposed to think ? They would probably think that the coach will stab me in the back in a way that Jaime Lannister would be proud of . At any rate , Subbans trade was in the works way before we could imagine .
When the news broke of Subban being traded from Montreal to Nashville , it had nothing to do with hockey . What general manager in their right mind would trade a player in their prime who had won the Norris Trophy as the NHLs top defenseman , for a player who is still elite but heading toward the twilight of their career ? A team who wanted to dump a guy who had gotten too uppity for their liking , thats who .
When an athlete and a team parts ways , smack talk on both sides after the fact comes with the territory . Team General Manager Marc Bergevin told reporters , Yes P.K.s different , were not going to hide that , but there was never an issue , never a problem .
But theres been documented instances where teammates , fellow players , fan , former players and hockey analysts have all taken shots at Subban .
Unlike most pro athletes , Subban did everything possible to ingratiate themselves to the Montreal community . They donated $ 10 million to a local hospital , played in random pickup games with children and they made an attempt to learn French , Quebecs native language .
That doesnt sound like a me-first guy .
( Photo Credit : USA Today )
Maybe Subban knew after they did n't win the NHLs King Clancy Memorial Trophy , the award presented to the player who exhibits leadership on and off the ice and has contributed to the community . I did just mention that they donated a lot dough to a hospital , right ? Afterwards , they continued to visit the hospital periodically .
After all , the Canadiens motives look pretty shady after they just signed a player who has a history of reneging on contracts .
The perceived knocks on Subban may have filtered into the reasons why they didnt play much in the Sochi Olympics and why they were left off of Canadas roster for the upcoming World Cup of Hockey .
Subbans trade is a microcosm of why the NHL often lags behind the rest of the worlds sports leagues in popularity . Their salary cap structure , which is meant to keep its teams honest in the spirit of competition , penalizes championship teams like the Chicago Blackhawks who give up key players on an annual basis once they become good .
Also , the NHL not taking the TV deal from ESPN looks bad in hindsight . Most of their games are on the NBC Sports , where the NHL has become an afterthought behind NASCAR and The Barclays Premier League .
Like the rest of the NHL , especially the purists , they will have to be dragged out of the dark ages kicking and screaming .
Im not sure if they realize this , but more Subbans are coming .
Twitter hoaxer comes clean and says : I did it to expose weak media
First it was the death of the pope – tweeted to the world from an account that belonged to the holy father 's number two . Later came tweets announcing the deaths of Fidel Castro and Pedro Almodóvar .
The tweets flew around the rumour mill of social media . All , however , were hoaxes , the work of Tommaso De Benedetti , one of the world 's most creative and successful fake tweeters .
`` Twitter works well for deaths , '' said De Benedetti , speaking for the first time about their desire to expose how unreliable social media can be as a news source .
A Rome schoolteacher , who showed up for an interview with the Guardian pushing their two-year-old son in a pram , De Benedetti , 43 , defines themselves as a `` normal person '' . But in the Twittersphere they have recently played the parts of Afghan president Hamid Karzai , a Spanish minister and Syrian president Bashar al-Assad .
`` Social media is the most unverifiable information source in the world but the news media believes it because of its need for speed , '' they said . False tweeting is a growth industry , and despite Twitter 's placing of a blue tick on the verified accounts of the famous , users continue to trip up . In January even Twitter was fooled into briefly verifying tweets purporting to be by Wendy Deng , Rupert Murdoch 's wife , in which they flirted with comic Ricky Gervais .
De Benedetti has form dating back to their days fooling Italian newspapers into publishing their fake interviews with writers , often American , including John Grisham , Arthur Miller , Gore Vidal , Toni Morrison , Derek Walcott and Philip Roth . Their game was rumbled when a journalist asked Roth in 2010 about criticisms they had levelled at Barack Obama in the Italian newspaper Libero . The writer denied giving the interview .
De Benedetti denied they were a simple hoaxer fooling papers for money . `` I wanted to see how weak the media was in Italy , '' they said , claiming they were only paid between €20 and €40 for an interview . `` The Italian press never checks anything , especially if it is close to their political line , which is why the rightwing paper Libero liked Roth 's attacks on Obama . '' Half the time , they added , they suspected editors knew they were peddling made-up interviews , but took them anyway .
After they were exposed , De Benedetti turned to the internet , writing an email to the International Herald Tribune criticising the Libya war and signing it Umberto Eco . `` I phoned the Tribune after they published it to let them know , '' they said .
Next they faked an email from Mexican writer Paco Ignacio Taibo to the Italian bishops ' conference newspaper Avvenire , in which they praised the pope . Avvenire splashed it on the front page .
Their first Twitter venture was an account in the name of Swedish writer Henning Mankell . `` Mankell denied it after Swedish papers started quoting it , '' De Benedetti said . A fake feed they set up for Italian prime minister Mario Monti was followed by the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy . De Benedetti 's account for Hamid Karzai drew a denial from the Afghan leader , while their fake tweets from Assad denying the veracity of leaked emails waswere briefly picked up by the Guardian .
A fake announcement of the pope 's death by the Vatican 's number two , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , was followed by reports in another false feed of the death of Pedro Almodóvar , prompting a tweet from the Guardian 's world account saying that the rumour was being looked into . Through two accounts , De Benedetti announced the death of Fidel Castro .
De Benedetti has used a fake account for Cristóbal Montoro , Spain 's hapless finance minister , as a vehicle for numerous announcements . `` Montoro has repeated that the account is not real but 3,000 people still follow it , '' they said . `` On Facebook you are limited by access to 'friends ' , but on Twitter you can be sure people will follow you and it is being used as a real-time source of information without checks . ''
As a final flourish , De Benedetti clicks on the fake Twitter account they have created for Kim Jong-un , the leader of North Korea , and slips in a photo of Indian politician Sonia Gandhi . `` I can just change the profile with Gandhi 's details and all the followers of my fake Jong-un feed become followers of my fake Gandhi feed , '' they said . `` It 's so easy . ''
Five fake tweets from De Benedetti
@ CardBertone : Their holiness Benedict XVI has passed away . We announce the news with great pain and consternation . 8 March 2012
@ PresHamidKarzai : The attack agains Afghan civ is an act of war . 12 March
@ presMarioMonti : The news of the death of Fidel Castro has been confirmed to me by EU vicepresident Olli Rehn . 6 March
@ MinistroMontoro : The Spanish government announces the death of the director Pedro Almodovar . 23 March
@ PresAssadSyria : Documents published yesterday by a UK newspaper are hoaxes created agaist Syria and my family . 19 March
An Egyptian court has overturned a government decree allowing the army to arrest civilians . The decision comes after human rights activists rose up against the decree issued by the Justice Ministry .
The decree was originally issued by the army-backed interim government on June 13 , before the presidential election earlier this month . It was challenged by human rights activists and politicians who accused the military council of reviving an unpopular emergency law that lapsed in May .
`` The court has blocked the decision of the Minister of Justice that gave the military and military intelligence officers powers of arrest , ''
said Cairo administrative court judge Ali Fikry .
Former presidential candidate Khaled Ali , who initially filed an appeal against the law along with 16 activists , has confirmed to the newspaper that the court had ruled in their favor .
`` This ruling not only adheres to the constitution , ''
Gamal Eid , a lawyer and rights activist , was quoted as saying by Reuters .
`` It chimes with the current political climate because many people feel the military council is trying to suppress the civil direction in which the state is supposed to be heading . ''
According to the Al Ahram newspaper website , the list of crimes to which the law could be applied included crimes and misdemeanors harmful to the government , possession and or use of explosives , resisting orders issued by those in power or assaulting them , destruction of public property or historic monuments , obstructing traffic , strike action at institutions that serve the public interest or assaulting the right to work and intimidation and thuggery .
The government , which was appointed by the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , can appeal the court 's decision .
The court decision comes as Islamist president-elect Mohamed Morsi is to start forming what they have pledged will be an inclusive government . Morsi is to be sworn in on Saturday .
­
Next time you want to visit Eiffel Tower , you wo n't have to go to Paris . Just catch a bus to Rajarhat instead .
HIDCO has decided to build a 55-metre replica of the tower to commemorate the 129 victims of the November 13 terror attack in the French capital . The structure will come up at Eco Park , a favourite of chief minister Mamata Banerjee . The spot has been chosen to showcase the best of Bengal 's artworks and is fast emerging as a major tourist attraction .
“ This will be the first such model of the Eiffel Tower in India , ” Sushim Banerjee , the director-general of the Institute for Steel Development and Growth that has prepared the architectural and structural designs of the Eiffel prototype , told Hindustan Times .
“ It will be a giant steel structure nearly as tall as an 18-storey building . Had it not been located on the path of flights taking off and landing at Dum Dum ( the airport is nearby ) , we could have tried to build an exact replica , ” Debasish Sen , chairperson of HIDCO , said .
The foundation stone of the project will be laid on Sunday by urban development minister Firhad Hakim . The consulgeneral of France in Kolkata , Damien Syed , has been invited to the event . The structure is being erected to express solidarity with the victims of the Paris terror attack and for world peace .
It will take three years to build the tower after the work order is issued , a senior HIDCO official said . At least 300 tonnes of steel will be required to build it . The tower will sport a steel grey colour .
The structure at Eco Park will have two tiers where people can go up and stand to catch a glimpse of the town below . The viewing gallery will be at a height of 25 metres . There will be two lifts to carry the passengers . “ There will be a coffee shop and a souvenier shop too , ” Sen said .
Eiffel Tower is one of the most popular tourist attractions of the world . The 324-metre structure was erected in 1889 and has never ceased to charm tourists .
“ The decision was taken soon after the Paris attack and received superfast clearance from the state government . We will float a tender soon to select the agency that will build the structure , ” Sen said . “ The base of the structure will rest on 650 square feet , ” said Banerjee .
First Published : Nov 20 , 2015 13:07 IST
Reinstall invites you to join us in revisiting classics of PC gaming days gone by . This week , Andy returns to the foggy streets of Silent Hill 2 .
Having finished Silent Hill 2 more times than I can remember , I know what lies around every corner , but the atmosphere is so thick and oppressive I still ca n't play it for more than an hour at a time . This is partly down to the filthy , flyblown grime of its hospital corridors and fogbound streets , which seems to seep through your monitor . But mostly it 's because of how it sounds .
The audio design is rarely talked about with the same adoration as the wonderfully dark story and surreal , twisted art style , but it 's just as important . Audio director Akira Yamaoka used sound and music in interesting , unusual ways to create an air of both low-key melancholy and gnawing terror – whether it 's a lonely , solemn piano playing after a particularly harrowing moment in the story , or the sound of some unfathomable horror lurking in the shadows . If you have n't played Silent Hill 2 – and I do n't blame you , because the PC version is difficult to track down – the game stars James Sunderland , who receives a letter from their wife , Mary , who died three years earlier . They say she 's in the town of Silent Hill , in their 'special place ' , and James travels there to meet her , only to discover that the town is abandoned and crawling with bizarre creatures . It 's one of the best videogame stories ever told , with unforgettable twists and turns that I would n't dream of spoiling . It sidelines the series ' bloated mythology of cults and magic to tell a tragic , human and oddly romantic tale .
Sound contributes to the action , as well as the atmosphere . When monsters are nearby , James 's radio shrieks with static – a sound that makes you instinctively grit your teeth and prime your weapon for whatever abomination is waiting in the mist . But later in the game , while exploring a Civil War-era prison buried deep beneath the town , the static begins to crackle and ... there 's nothing there . Team Silent regularly subvert your expectations like this – but only very subtly . It is n't just unnerving , it reinforces the idea that you 're playing a character who may not be entirely sane .
Subversion of traditional game design is a crucial part of Silent Hill 2 's black magic . For the first 30 minutes all you do is run down a seemingly endless path , through a fog-cloaked forest . Occasionally you 'll hear a distant growl , or branches snapping , and with every step you grow more fearful of what lies ahead . Later , you climb down a set of stairs that seem to go on forever , deeper and deeper into the earth , and the lower you go , the more intense the sinister groaning of some horrible machine gets . Remember , this was n't an indie game , but a big budget production that sold 1.5 million copies . Can you imagine a major publisher taking a risk on such a bizarre , slow-paced game today ? It 'd never happen . The gloomy forest hike features one of the game 's neatest audio tricks . As you 're walking through the fog , you hear footsteps behind you crunching in the dirt . You stop , and so do the footsteps . You turn around and , of course , there 's nothing there . It 's a tiny thing , but so effective . In another scene you find yourself in the centre of a large courtyard , when suddenly you hear the sound of a horse galloping around you . It 's totally unexpected , utterly inexplicable and weirdly unsettling .
In an apartment that you visit early on in the game , the room is totally silent except for a faint , eerie whispering that 's mixed so low , you wonder if you 're actually hearing it at all or if the game has finally destroyed your nerves .
Yamaoka 's score is perfect , and one of the few game soundtracks I can listen to like a regular album . The music is eclectic , ranging from Nine Inch Nails-style industrial noise , to gentle ambience , and melodic , Americanaflavoured rock . But even with this broad spread of genres , it 's totally consistent with the mood and tone of the story . Whenever I listen to it ( it 's been on my various iPods for almost a decade ) , I 'm instantly transported to those misty streets .
There 's a clear Twin Peaks influence in the music , which also extends to the idea of an everyday American town concealing dark , otherworldly secrets . Team Silent 's influences are diverse , from the films of David Lynch to the ominous , abstract paintings of Francis Bacon . The town 's streets are all named after horror writers , and the disturbing 'otherworld ' alternate reality – heralded by the wail of an air raid siren – is clearly influenced by the overlooked horror classic Jacob 's Ladder .
When it was released in 2003 , Silent Hill 2 ran badly on most PCs . On today 's very different hardware it runs surprisingly well , even on Windows 7 . Just make sure you download the resolution patch ( Google it ) , so you can run the game in modern resolutions . At 1080p it looks unexpectedly good , the low-res textures only adding to the grubbiness of the world . The lighting is still impressive , the long , dynamic shadows dancing around the room as you swing your flashlight around .
I would n't call it a good game . The controls are clunky , the camera twitchy and the puzzles obtuse . But overlook that and you 'll find one of the most affecting , atmospheric , brilliantly paced and memorable horror experiences on PC . In a weird way , the clumsy combat makes it scarier . James is just a regular guy , so it makes sense that they are n't a crack shot with a pistol or shotgun .
If you like horror , or just want to be told an emotional story , you should book a holiday in Silent Hill as soon as possible . And if you 've played it before , it 's worth experiencing at a sensible resolution . The big reveal at the end catches you completely off guard , and makes you question everything that 's happened up until that point . You 'll never forget your first journey into this seriously broken town .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
If the production team on the new Star Wars movie is looking for an understudy for Chewbacca , they might consider this little pooch .
Although there might be a slight issue with size difference .
This two-year-old Shih Tzu has been named Chewie thanks to their striking resemblance to the famous Star Wars character .
The adorable dog was looking for a loving family via DogsBlog.com after being picked up by an animal rescue centre .
( Image : DogsBlog.com )
They are said to be 'nervous of interaction ' but 'he loves their walks and goes bananas when they see their lead . '
Happily , Chewie has now found a new home . Wonder if it 's with a Star Wars fan ?
In other news from the franchise , fans were treated to an exclusive look at behind-the-scenes filming at Comic Con this weekend in San Diego .
In the clip , which 'caused a frenzy ' , Peter Mayhew is seen in between scenes taking a rest from their famous Chewbacca costume .
( Image : DogsBlog.com )
The special effects team can be heard talking about how quickly the costume wears out because `` people just want to hug him '' .
One lucky dog owner has got their own cuddly little Chewie to hug .
If you would like to see more dogs for rehoming in the UK , visit www.dogsblog.com
BY : Follow @ cb0321
Many top Democrats have denounced disgraced media mogul and Democratic donor Harvey Weinstein since allegations of sexual harassment were revealed , but two of the top names in the Democratic Party have remained silent : former President Barack Obama and two-time presidential candidate Hillary Clinton .
When CNN reached out to representatives for Obama and Clinton , both declined to comment on the allegations , which were revealed by the New York Times last week .
One CNN reporter , Oliver Darcy , tweeted Monday afternoon about having asked Clinton 's spokesperson for comment on Weinstein . The response ? `` Total silence . ''
I have asked Hillary Clinton 's spox over last few days about Harvey Weinstein . Total silence.https : //t.co/eqWLXyVObq — Oliver Darcy ( @ oliverdarcy ) October 9 , 2017
CNN Anchor Erin Burnett slammed Clinton on Tuesday for their silence , saying Clinton was giving Weinstein a `` pass '' that they did not give to women who did not vote for them
Weinstein is a longtime Clinton donor who served as a liaison between Hollywood stars and Clinton 's 2016 campaign , and attended a `` thank you '' donor party after the election . Clinton personally headlined multiple fundraisers Weinstein helped organize during the campaign .
During Clinton 's tenure as secretary of state , Weinstein exchanged emails with the Clintons . In one , Weinstein makes movie recommendations and mentions how they had `` such fond memories '' of the Clintons watching Shakespeare in Love .
Obama has also had close connections to Weinstein . The media mogul visited the White House several times during Obama 's presidency . Michelle Obama credited Weinstein for making a student film event happen , and praised them as `` a wonderful person , a good friend , and just a powerhouse . ''
Obama 's daughter , Malia , interned for Harvey Weinstein in 2017 .
Former Vice President Joe Biden , who made combatting sexual assault one of their major causes as vice president , has not made any public comments about Weinstein and did not respond to CNN for comment .
The silence from top Democrats has drawn the anger of some liberals since the allegations came to light last week .
Privately , longtime Clinton aides have questioned why they have n't weighed in on the matter that has caused many Hollywood stars and Democrats to denounce the powerful figure , according to CNN .
On MSNBC , Monday , `` Daily Show '' co-creator and liberal activist Lizz Winstead expressed their disappointment in the absent responses from Democratic political leaders , including Obama and Clinton .
Also on Monday , liberal pundit and former Democratic House candidate Krystal Ball called out Clinton , saying on Twitter they were making Democrats all `` look like hypocrites . ''
The New York Times published a scathing editorial on Friday titled `` Harvey Weinstein 's Money Should n't Buy Democrats ' Silence . ''
In contrast , some liberals and left-leaning media have hesitated to speak out in the midst of the allegations . Democratic strategist Maria Cardona said on Monday that Clinton `` has earned the right to talk about what they damn well pleases , when they damn well pleases . ''
Saturday Night Live followed the lead of the majority of late night comedians in the initial days of the news , and avoided bringing up Weinstein during Saturday night 's show . The ladies of `` The View , '' Monday , said to `` give it a minute , '' and allow people time to asses the situation .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia warned the United States on Tuesday about the consequences of planned financial support to what it called Ukraine 's illegitimate regime , saying the aid would be illegal .
The U.S. House of Representatives last week approved $ 1 billion worth of loan guarantees for Ukraine and U.S. senators are preparing legislation that aides said would be broader and could include sanctions against Russia .
The Russian foreign ministry explicitly referred to a statement made earlier on Tuesday by ousted President Viktor Yanukovich asserting that any such aid would be illegal .
“ By all criteria , issuing funding to an illegitimate regime that seized power by force is unlawful and goes beyond the framework of the American legal system . ”
The statement is likely to further increase tension between Russia and the West amid diplomatic deadlock over Ukraine after sustained pro-Western unrest toppled the pro-Russian Yanukovich . A phone call on Tuesday between Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and American counterpart John Kerry achieved little .
“ We of course understand that taking in consideration Washington 's position , it is unlikely they will admit the obvious , ” the ministry said in a statement . “ The American administration will , it seems , continue to close its eyes on the dominance in Kiev of ultra-nationalist forces .
“ Those who make decisions in the U.S. should think about the consequences of unconditionally indulging radical elements with their Nazi coloring in Ukraine and the pumping of finances into ( the country , ” the ministry said .
This fall , the world 's population reached seven billion . A sobering thought . How did we get to this point ? Producer Adam Cole and photographer Maggie Starbard of National Public Radio have put the world 's accelerating population growth in perspective in a two-and-a-half minute video , above .
In those two and a half minutes , 638 babies will be born worldwide , according to statistics from the United States Census Bureau , and 265 people will die . That 's a net gain of 373 people , just while you watch the film . The biggest growth , according to NPR , is happening in sub-Saharan Africa , where access to family planning is low and infant mortality rates are high .
It may seem counter-intuitive that population growth rates are high where infant survival rates are low , but as Swedish global health expert Hans Rosling put it during a recent TED talk , `` Only by child survival can we control population growth . '' Because population growth and infant mortality rates are both correlated to poverty rates , they argue , eliminating poverty is the key to achieving a sustainable world population . You can learn more in our November 1 feature , `` Hans Rosling Uses IKEA Props to Explain World of 7 Billion People . ''
Protect the Adirondacks has released a report on “ The Myth of Quiet , Motor-free Waters in the Adirondack Park , ” which analyzes public use of the 200 largest lakes and ponds in the Adirondack Park .
The study found that there are relatively few opportunities for motor-free experiences on the biggest , most accessible Adirondack bodies of water .
“ The Adirondack Park is held up as the great wilderness area in the eastern United States . It 's the place where people come for a wilderness experience and to enjoy the great outdoors , ” said Chuck Clusen , chair of Protect the Adirondacks .
“ One great myth about the wild Adirondack Park is that there is an abundance of motor-free lakes and ponds . In fact , the park faces a scarcity of quiet waters where one can paddle a canoe or kayak without interruption from motorboats , jet skis , floatplanes , and other types of motorized watercraft , ” Clusen said .
Of the 200 largest lakes and ponds in the Adirondack Park , the majority provide abundant opportunities for motorized watercraft but scant opportunity for quiet , motor-free waters , Protect the Adirondacks staffers said .
“ Across the Adirondack Park there are few genuine opportunities for motor-free boating on a big lake or pond . In the top 100 biggest lakes in the Adirondack Park , just five lakes stand out as lakes without motorboats , jetskis , and floatplanes ; Lows Lake , Little Tupper Lake , Round Lake , Lake Lila , and St. Regis Pond . These lakes are all managed as motor-free waterbodies as parts of the Forest Preserve , ” said Peter Bauer , executive director of Protect the Adirondacks .
Of the 100 biggest lakes in the Adirondack Park , 77 are open to motorized boating and floatplanes , 13 are privately owned and provide no public access , and just 8 are motor-free .
This means that currently more than 75 percent of the park 's biggest lakes are open for motorized activity while only eight percent offer the motor-free option , and just five percent are easily accessible for a motor-free experience .
Two lakes in the top 100 are currently being purchased by the state for addition to the Forest Preserve , after which the type of allowable public use will be determined through a public review process .
For those who desire greater motor-free opportunities , the numbers improve slightly in an analysis of the 200 biggest lakes in the Adirondack Park . 115 , or 57 percent , of the park 's 200 biggest lakes are open for motorized uses ; 54 , or 27.5 percent , are privately owned ; and 29 , or 14.5 percent , are open and motorless .
However , of these 29 motor-free lakes , just 17 , or 9 percent , are easily accessible without long carries .
“ The demand is high for motor-free experiences , but the supply is low . This needs to change . The public deserves greater opportunities for motor-free waters across the Adirondack Park , ” said Bauer .
The report is available at www.protectadks.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/Motor-free-Waters-Report- ....
Mumbai : IndiGo , India 's largest domestic airline by passengers carried , confirmed an order to buy as many as 250 Airbus A320neo single-aisle jets . At the listed price , the order is worth $ 26.5 billion .
InterGlobe Aviation Ltd , the owner of IndiGo , had signed a memorandum of understanding last year to buy 250 planes made by Airbus . IndiGo , which plans to raise around ₹ 2,500 crore in an initial public offering , had said in its draft share sale documents that the accord signed between Airbus and IndiGo had expired . The firm added that the airline is in discussions with Airbus to renew the same .
IndiGo has been consistently profitable since 2009 , a feat unrivalled by any other domestic airline .
According to IndiGo president Aditya Ghosh , the new order further reaffirms the airline 's commitment to the long-term development of affordable air transportation in India and overseas .
“ The additional fuel-efficient A320neo aircraft will enable us to continue to bring our low fares and courteous , hassle-free services to more customers and markets and will create more job opportunities and growth , '' Ghosh said in a phone interview .
In 2005 , IndiGo placed an order for 100 A320s , all of which have been delivered . With Monday 's announcement , IndiGo has ordered 530 aircraft from the A320 family with Airbus . Out of this 530 , IndiGo has taken delivery of 100 planes .
The A320neo plane 's “ new engine option '' incorporates many innovations , including the latest generation engines and large sharklet wing-tip devices , which will deliver 15 % in fuel savings from day one and 20 % by 2020 . This is equivalent to a reduction of 5,000 tonnes of CO2 per aircraft per year .
Ghosh said IndiGo will start taking delivery of the newly ordered jets from 2018 to 2026 .
“ We are nine years old and we are now outlining growth for the next 11 years . We have successfully financed 100 planes in the past . So I do n't see any problem in financing the remaining . Also , we have time to arrange funds , '' Ghosh said .
IndiGo had a 33.8 % share of domestic passenger volume for fiscal 2015 . As of 30 April , the airline offers 593 daily flights connecting 33 airports in India .
Craig Jenks , president of New York-based Airline/Aircraft Projects Inc. , termed IndiGo 's order as a bit less overwhelming than it first appeared . “ It is spread over eight years , so theoretically 31 per year . Airlines rarely order for delivery over such a long time period .
“ By 2026 , it will have returned the 90 or so A320s still in the fleet , and some or even all of the initial batch of 180 A320neo 's being delivered in the next few years , starting next year , '' they said .
Jenks said this is due to its policy of keeping average fleet age very young .
“ Booming demand for air travel in India is not in doubt . The problem for IndiGo and others could be government policy of being reactive rather than proactive on airport capacity , with new capacity consequently consistently lagging demand and lagging capacity growth in other countries by many years , '' they added .
Following the press conference announcing former Sen. Chuck Hagel ‘ s ( R-NE ) nomination for Secretary of Defense , TIME editor Jim Frederick took to MSNBC to praise the nominee 's on-the-ground military experience and defend the controversial pick from conservative charges of “ anti-Semitism ” for their remarks on dealing with Israel .
Frederick began by noting that Hagel 's war experience , having served as infantry in Vietnam , will bolster their nomination chances : “ Generals , over history , have played the card that ‘ We know what 's best because we have been there on the ground , ' so I do think it 's an interesting discussion to have but I definitely think that consideration is in the mix , that , you know , a Secretary of Defense with actual military experience — not just military experience , but infantry experience , squad leader in Vietnam . ”
Host Tamron Hall seemingly agreed , noting that Hagel “ has shrapnel in their body , ” which “ adds gravitas to this man facing a difficult nomination process . ”
When asked what issues will play out the most during the nomination hearings , Frederick pointed to three different potentially controversial positions of the former senator that could cause some conflict : Hagel 's “ valuable ” openness to cutting what they have deemed the “ overspent ” parts of the American military budget ; their views on dealing with Iran , which have been “ described as being outside the mainstream ” ; and the questions over whether they are “ anti-Israel ” or “ anti-Semitic . ”
Despite being a Republican , Hagel has come under scrutiny from neoconservative political figures for their past remarks about Israel , including one where they lamented the enormous influence the “ Jewish lobby ” has over American foreign policy .
Frederick took issue with this criticism of the former Nebraska senator , calling the charges “ preposterous , ” adding , “ I have n't seen anything he 's done with Israel , they speak some hard truths and says things that people think but do n't say about what 's going on in Israel . ”
Watch below , via MSNBC :
— —
> > Follow Andrew Kirell ( @ AndrewKirell ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Ottawa police are looking into a sexual assault that happened early Saturday morning .
It happened in the area of Baseline Road and Navaho Drive at about 3 a.m. , when a 20-year-old woman was walking along a path towards an apartment building .
A man approached the woman from behind and pushed them to the ground , police said . They then touched them inappropriately and assaulted them
The man fled west on foot when people in the area intervened , police said .
The suspect is described as a 35- to 40-year-old English-speaking white man standing at about five feet 10 inches to six feet tall . They have an average build with short , dark hair and a receding hairline .
They were wearing a black jacket and dark jeans .
Anyone with information is asked to call the Ottawa police sexual assault and child abuse unit at 613-236-1222 ext . 5944 , or Crime Stoppers at 613-233-8477 ( TIPS ) .
To make the process of filing Right To Information ( RTI ) applications easy , Maharashtra will soon become the first state to enable people to seek information online under the Act . Presently , people file their RTI applications physically and pay a fee of Rs10 via modes like a court fee stamp , demand draft and Indian postal order . The system of filing RTI applications online will help simplify the process .
The Centre has already launched a portal to enable online filing of RTI applications with major ministries and departments located in New Delhi . Here , applicants can get a unique registration number for future reference and can also provide mobile numbers for SMS alerts .
“ People will soon be able to file RTI applications online , ” Maharashtra information technology ( IT ) secretary Rajesh Aggarwal told dna , adding that the National Informatics Centre ( NIC ) was fine-tuning the system . “ This will be online in around two to three weeks ' time , ” they said and added that they would start accepting such online applications for the general administration department ( GAD ) and then extend it to other departments and districts later .
Under the system , people will be able to apply for information and pay the necessary fees online , noted Aggarwal . “ We have to get it customised , ” they said , adding that the NIC was working on fine-tuning the payment gateway , which will enable people to make payments via credit or debit cards or net-banking .
“ Allowing people to file RTI applications online will be useful in taking the RTI act forward , ” said RTI activist Shivaji Raut . “ Students and professionals in sectors like IT and women are not using the RTI act too vigorously . The online filing of RTI applications will help get them into the RTI net and these ( educated ) people will help expose corruption fast , ” they added .
Raut , however , cautioned that public information officers ( PIO ) in rural areas could face problems receiving and processing RTI applications online . They added that instances of PIOs not accepting RTI applications or trying to hoodwink people would come down due to the new system .
From January to December 2012 , a total of 6,82,286 RTI applications were filed in Maharashtra .
Out of this information was given for 6,54,067 applications . A total of 92,649 RTI applications were pending since 2011 .
Simplifying the processUnder the system , people will be able to apply for information and pay the necessary fees online .
The government would start accepting such online applications for the general administration department ( GAD ) and then extend it to other departments and districts later . The system of filing RTI applications online will help simplify the process .
A big aspect of our event is fundraising for Right Bike , Right Bike is a social business that trains and employs individuals in our community who are working to overcome barriers to employment . Right Bike is a social enterprise operating under the umbrella of Causeway Work Centre .
To learn more about Right Bike , please visit The Vélo Vogue Bicycle Fashion Show is taking place on Saturday , June 6th 2015 at Maker Space North , which is raising money for Right Bike . An event would not be complete without food , drinks , silent auction , raffles , and much more.A big aspect of our event is fundraising for Right Bike , Right Bike is a social business that trains and employs individuals in our community who are working to overcome barriers to employment . Right Bike is a social enterprise operating under the umbrella of Causeway Work Centre.To learn more about Right Bike , please visit http : //rightbike.org/
Saturday , June 6th , 2015 8:00 p.m. - 1:00 a.m ( doors at 7:30 ) 8:00 p.m. - 1:00 a.m ( doors at 7:30 )
Maker Space North , 250 City Centre , Bay 216
Admission : $ 15 in advance at velovogue2015.eventbrite.ca or at the door for $ 20
The Vélo Vogue bicycle fashion show is back in its third year bringing you the latest in cycling fashion for both men and women . This is not your typical fashion show with spandex . The show will highlight the latest trends in clothing , accessories , and bikes ( vintage and new ) from local and international designers :
Krasimir is a blogger , who writes and speaks . They love open source and codes awesome stuff .
Hi guys , you would be pleased to know that I have teamed up with Packt Publishing to organize a Giveaway of the new book - Getting Started with Grunt : The JavaScript Task Runner . And three lucky winners stand a chance to win 3 digital copies of this book . Keep reading to find out how you can be one of the Lucky Winners .
The winners ( edit : 30.04.2014 )
Aaaaand the winners are ...
var shuffle = function ( array ) { var tmp , current , top = array.length ; if ( top ) while ( -- top ) { current = Math.floor ( Math.random ( ) * ( top + 1 ) ) ; tmp = array [ current ] ; array [ current ] = array [ top ] ; array [ top ] = tmp ; } return array ; } users = shuffle ( users ) ; for ( var i=0 ; i < 3 ; i++ ) { console.log ( users [ i ] ) ; }
So , Simon , Moustache and Perttu Piirto , please drop me a line at
info ( at ) krasimirtsonev.com so I can forward you to the guys of Packt Publishing .
Overfiew
Learn about Grunt and its advantages
Understand Node.js and how it relates to Grunt
Take an in-depth look at npm , Node.js modules , and the working of Grunt plugins
Get familiar with installing Grunt and setting up your first Grunt build environment
Gain insight on the methods of configuring Grunt and when each method should be used
Effectively execute Grunt through the use of task arguments , task aliasing , multi-task targets , and more
Construct your own Grunt tasks , multi-tasks , and asynchronous tasks
How to Enter ?
All you need to do is head on over to the book page and look through the product description of the book and drop a line via the comments below the post to let us know what interests you the most about this book . It 's that simple .
Winners will get an e-copy of the Book .
Deadline
The contest will close on 29th of April . Winners will be contacted by email , so be sure to use your real email address when you comment !
I remember being fourteen and reading an article in Spin in which a writer made a long , impassioned argument on why they still listened to Rush even though they were the definition of uncool . I read it six times . Rush ... was uncool ? But my older brother listened to them ! They got me into them ! My friends in the Junior Debater 's Club liked them too ! How could they be uncool ?
Turns out that Rush is the antonym of cool * . Does n't mean that I stopped listening , but eventually I figured out that a significant chunk of the population enjoys poking fun at the band and their fans . Figuring out that something you like is totally dorky is a lesson you learn early in life , whether it 's with music , comic books , or flossing .
I thought that by the time I was an adult , the lines were n't so blurry . You knew what was supposed to be cool and uncool , and you could decide as an adult whether or not you give a damn . This all comes up on a baseball website , though , because I was in my late 20s when I realized that a chunk of society laughed at grown men who brought gloves to baseball games .
They laugh at ... us .
I did n't start wearing a glove because I could n't give up my playing days . I did n't think that six outfielders were going to get injured in one game , and the manager was going to look into the crowd and make eye contact with me . I wore a glove because I do n't like getting hit in the face with baseballs . And if you were one of the few dozen people at Candlestick to watch a Tuesday-night game against the Expos , chances are you could get close to the field . I like my teeth . They help me chew .
Then I started noticing stray comments and jabs from people I respected , who hinted that only dorks brought gloves to games . Then the esteemed Jon Bois actually had to ask if bringing a glove to a game is lamer than the wave . The wave is n't lame -- the wave is evil incarnate , something invented by former Soviet scientists who could n't let the Cold War go . They actually had to ask if the wave was even in the same , uh , ballpark as bringing a glove ?
Turns out I 'm a dork . More so , even . The worst part is that I did n't even know it . I wear the rest of my nerdery like a merit badge , but with this I was oblivious . Made me feel extra stupid , like I was walking around with my zipper down for two decades .
But when my wife was six months pregnant , we sat down the right-field line of a Giants game , and Mike Cameron tried to kill my wife and unborn child . They shot a line drive into the crowd , and I speared the ball before it could reach my wife , who was armadilloed in their seat . Pregnant women do n't armadillo so well . They would have taken the ball in the chops , or worse . My decision to bring the glove saved my family .
Oh , the video evidence maintains that it was a lazy pop fly , and that if I did n't catch the ball , it might have hit the seat next to me . But you were n't there , man . You were n't there . I can still smell the scorched leather and horsehide when I close my eyes .
So now I 'm rebelling . The sheepish feeling is gone . I 'll continue to bring my glove , thank you . I plan to continue to go for foul balls , and I do n't want broken hamate bones and faces to make me think twice . And , really , why is it necessary to even have this conversation ? Are we so self-conscious that we have to develop some groupthink , some hive mind that tells people how to enjoy a baseball game ? That there are rules about how one should or should not accessorize to enjoy America 's Pastime properly ? It seems hyper-judgmental in a situation where passing judgment is completely unnecessary .
Now those * * * * * * * dorks who wear jerseys with their own names on them ? What is up with those guys ?
* I still think that Rush is cool , even if only for stuff like this .
This is a short and simple guide on how to AirPlay to OSX/Windows/iOS & Android [ in the future hopefully ] . This requires your iDevice & your AirPlay target i.e . Windows laptop to be on the same WiFi network . To be clear , you do NOT need a jailbreak for this but it will work a lot better with things like VideoPane . Please note , you may have to fiddle around with a few times to get it to work 100 % , that may include restarting XBMC , AirPlay service , computer etc but leave any problems and I 'll try to help out .
For this guide I am using Windows 7 x64 with my iPhone 5 iOS 7.0.6 and this works flawlessly . I have tried it on Windows 8 x64 , it did n't work straight away but after som fiddling I can only confirm it working on there too .
1 . You want to go to this link here and download the corresponding version for what you need .
2 . Go through the on-screen installation process and when it 's complete you need to open XBMC .
3 . Navigate to System > Settings > Services and then at the bottom keep clicking on 'Settings Level ' until it gets to 'Advanced ' .
4 . Select 'Zeroconf ' in the navigation bar and make sure that 'Announce these services to other systems via Zeroconf ' is selected so the circle turns blue in colour .
5 . Now select 'AirPlay ' in the navigate bar and make sure that 'Allow XBMC to recieve AirPlay content ' is selected so the circle turns blue in colour .
6 . Everything that you need to setup , is now done . When viewing a video you should now see the AirPlay icon , select it , then select your AirPlay target . Or when you go to view photos in the photo app they should automatically be showing up on XBMC . So you can be sure whether it 's actually 'working ' when you start to play a video , you should see a pop up in the bottom right hand corner of XBMC saying 'working '
7 . Enjoy !
Known issues :
1 ) Video plays but no audio , my fix was to toggle between AIrPlay and my iPhone a few times then it worked fine
2 ) On Windows 8 x64 , I can not get video or audio to work , my fix was to turn OFF AirPlay & Zeroconf in settings on XBMC then restart the program and enable them again
P.S . there is infact an official XBMC remote for iOS , if requested I will add this to the guide !
Changelog :
30/3/2014 - Mistake made at `` System > Settings '' it should be `` System > Settings > Services ''
Anthony Smith was a defensive end for Alabama and Arizona for four years before being drafted 11th in the first round of the 1990 NFL Draft ( six spots behind Junior Seau , six ahead of Emmitt Smith ) . They played seven seasons for the Raiders—the first four in Los Angeles , the last three in Oakland—before signing with the Broncos and washing out of the NFL before playing a game in Denver . They recorded 57.5 sacks , 190 tackles , and , post-career , an arson charge ( the jury deadlocked ) and a murder arrest . GQ 's profile suggests he 's not your typical violent offender :
Certainly , Smith has always been ready to bewilder . During one of the many police searches done on their vehicles and residences over the years , detectives found badges and numerous identification cards-two were for Anthony Smith , `` Intelligence Officer , '' one for Anthony Smith of `` The Organized Crime Bureau , '' and the fourth was an American Press Association ID with Smith 's address but bearing the slightly ridiculous name `` Wayne Peartree , '' suggesting how they felt about reporters . Early on in their career , Smith told sportswriters incredible stories about their childhood . They said he 'd been raised in New York and belonged to a street gang called the Black Spades . When they were 8 , they said , they and three friends stole a car and crashed it , killing two of them . When it came to drug use , they really piled it on , telling a reporter that he 'd started using heroin , cocaine , PCP , LSD , and speed when they were 9 years old and that their brother had died of a heroin overdose . In fact , Anthony was raised in Elizabeth City , North Carolina .
Smith is currently on trial for four murders—one in 1999 , two in 2001 , and another in 2008 . The rest of `` Raider . QB Crusher . Murderer ? '' is here .
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT SIOBHAN : THE INVESTIGATIONLASTED FIVE WEEKS AND INVOLVEDSEVERAL AGENCIES.THE POLICE CHIEF SAYS THECONDITIONS IN THE HOME ARE SOMEOF THE WORST They Have SEEN. > > THESE ARE LARGE DOGS.SIOBHAN : 75 GREAT DANES , SOME ASYOUNG AS A WEEK OLD , FOUNDLIVING IN HORRIBLE CONDITIONS. > > THE DOGS WERE LIVING IN FILTHPSURROUNDED BY WASTE.SIOBHAN : NINE OTHER PUPPIES WEREREMOVED FROM A SECOND LOCATION.CHRISTINA FAY IS FACING TWOCOUNTS OF ANIMAL NEGLECT. > > THIS IS NOT JUST ABOUT A FEWDOGS BEING NEGLECTED.IT IS ABOUT RECKLESS CONDUCT.SIOBHAN : POLICE WERE CALLEDTHEIR MULTIPLE TIMES OVER THEPAST TWO YEARS FOR NOISECOMPLAINTS.UNDER A COURT ORDER , They Are NOLONGER ALLOWED TO CARE FOR ANYKIND OF ANIMAL , NOWACCUSED OF RUNNING A PUPPY MILL. > > THEY UTILIZE HIDDENPRACTICES.SIOBHAN : SOME OF THE DOGSREQUIRED IMMEDIATE MEDICALCONDITIONS -- ATTENTION THATCOULD COST TENS OF THOUSANDS OFDOLLARS.THE HUMANE SOCIETY IS TAKINGOVER THE CARE OF THE ANIMALS.BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER AND SIZEOF THE DOGS , HORSE TRAILERSREDUCED TO RELOCATE THEM. > > THIS IS AN ENORMOUS OPERATIONEVEN FOR US , EVEN THOUGH WE DOTHIS ALL AROUND THE COUNTRY.SIOBHAN : WHEN THE DOGS ARENURSED BACK TO HEALTH , THEY WILLNOT BE UP FOR ADOPTION UNTIL THELEGAL PROCESS ENDS BECAUSE THEYARE CONSIDERED EVIDENCE.WORKERS ARE STILL IN SHOCK. > > NOTHING ANY ANIMAL SHOULD BESUBJECT TO. > > I GOT CHOKED UP SEEING THESEANIMALS AND THE CONDITIONS , BEING AN ANIMAL LOVER IT ISTERRIBLE TO SEE SOMEONE TREATANIMALS LIKE THIS.SIOBHAN : THE CASE REMAINS UNDERTHE SEDITION .
Advertisement Over 80 Great Danes rescued from Wolfeboro business Police has previous run-ins with owner Share Copy Link Copy
The Humane Society of the United States announced Saturday that it assisted the Wolfeboro Police Department in the rescue of 84 Great Danes from a suspected puppy mill.Seventy-five of the dogs were taken from a residence and business in Wolfeboro , and another nine puppies were rescued from a Bartlett location.Police served search and arrest warrants on the Wolfeboro property at 149 Warren Sands Road about 8:30 a.m. Friday in response to ongoing reports of animal cruelty and neglect.Police said they found the dogs living in unsafe and unsanitary conditions with limited access to food or water . The dogs were sliding on their own feces as they walked and several had eyelids so swollen their eyes were red . Rescuers said the smell of ammonia , feces and raw chicken overwhelmed rescuers . `` I 've never seen conditions this bad in more than 21 years of law enforcement , '' Wolfeboro Police Chief Dean Rondeau said . `` Words can not describe the absolute abhorrent conditions these animals were living in . I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to the Humane Society of the United States , Conway Area Humane Society and Pope Memorial SPCA , whose expert opinion and counsel was well-received , as well as the other local organizations who assisted at the scene . `` Wolfeboro police said the dogs were in the custody of 60-year-old Christina Fay , who owns and operates De La Sang Monde Great Danes . Police said they had previously dealt with Fay about barking dog complaints and began this investigation May 8.Fay was arrested and faces two misdemeanor charges of animal neglect . They are out on bail and has a court date for Aug. 2 . More charges are possible as the investigation continues . The dogs were brought to a temporary emergency animal shelter where they will receive care for at least the next four months . They will not be up for adoption until after the legal proceedings as they are now considered to be evidence.The Humane Society said it rarely needs to intervene in New Hampshire animal neglect cases because the state 's animal shelters have the resources to handle most cases . But the financial burden of long-term care for these dogs required additional assistance .
Marvel are planning 20 Defenders-themed variant covers for September , highlighting some popular members and a few surprises . No mention is made of a actual Defenders title at this point , but this focus - ahead of Netflix 's live-action series - could be a portent for things to come . Here are the 13 released by Marvel , including six via CBR .
The released variants are All-New , All-Different Avengers # 14 by Paul Renaud , Amazing Spider-Man # 18 by Dale Keown , The Astonishing Ant-Man # 12 by Siya Oum , Daredevil # 11 by Alex Maleev , Howard the Duck # 11 by Jamal Campbell , The Totally Awesome Hulk # 11 by Stephanie Hans , Uncanny X-Men # 12 by Robbi Rodriguez , Black Panther # 6 by Pasqual Ferry , Deadpool # 18 by Annie Wu , Doctor Strange # 12 by Butch Guice , Invincible Iron Man # 13 by Chris Stevens , Moon Knight # 6 by Mike McKone , and Ms. Marvel # 11 by Mike Mayhew .
Additional variant covers are forthcoming for , Captain America : Steve Rogers # 6 , Captain Marvel # 9 , The Mighty Thor # 11 , Patsy Walker , A.K.A . Hellcat ! # 10 , Power Man And Iron Fist # 8 , The Punisher # 5 , and Uncanny Inhumans # 12 .
In the wake of threats by Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman , the Israel Air Force ( IAF ) carried out two strikes against Assad regime and Hezbollah targets in Syria on Sunday and early Monday morning . These latest airstrikes come only two days after an IAF raid on Hezbollah weapons shipments in Palmyra , and seemingly as a response to an attempt by the Syrian Air Defense Forces ( SADF ) to shoot down the attacking Israeli jets .
At approximately 3 PM local time , pro-regime news sources reported that the SADF 's Golan Regiment was engaging an Israeli UAV over the town of Khan Arnabeh , in the Syrian Golan 's Quneitra Governorate . Shortly after , Syrian army reports emerged claiming the Israelis targeted a vehicle traveling from the town on the road to Damascus , destroying the car and killing its driver , Yasser Hussein al-Sayyed , a SADF Golan Regiment commander . According to Israeli news site Walla ! , the second air strike reportedly occurred past midnight on Monday morning , with local sources claiming the Israelis targeted Hezbollah and SADF targets in the Qalamoun mountains , near the Syrian-Lebanese border . However , pro-regime sources were quick to deny that the strikes had occurred .
The strikes came mere hours after Liberman threatened to destroy Syria 's air defenses “ without any hesitation ” the next time they fired on Israeli planes . They stressed that Israel was “ neither for nor against [ Syrian president Bashar ] al-Assad , ” and had no desire for friction with the Russians in Syria . Israel 's “ main problem ” they said , “ is the transfer of game-changing weapons from Syria to Lebanon , ” which would reach Hezbollah . “ Therefore , every time we identify a such a transfer , we will act to destroy these equilibrium-breaking weapons . There will be no compromise. ” According to Israeli media , Liberman 's comments were echoed by IDF Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Gadi Eizenkot , with similar threats against the government of Lebanon .
Liberman 's threats , reinforced by the two strikes , were a response to the outcomes of the IAF 's Friday attack on Palmyra . The SADF 's attempt to down Israeli jets was an unprecedented escalation by the Assad regime . For Israel , this was an unacceptable interference with its now-routine attempts to deny the transfer of advanced weapons to Hezbollah , threatening to change the rules of the game between Jerusalem and Damascus . The Russian Foreign Ministry demanding an explanation of the strike from Israel 's ambassador also indicated a possible shift in Moscow 's policies on Israeli offensives in Syria .
These developments likely left Hezbollah and its Iranian patrons confident that their weapons transfers would now be safe from Israeli strikes , as indicated by Hassan Nasrallah 's subsequent belligerent speech and Tehran 's threats against continued IAF assaults in Syria reported in Hezbollah 's Al-Mayadeen .
Israel 's red lines in Syria were blurred by these changes , and Jerusalem felt they needed to be forcefully redrawn .
David Daoud is an Arabic-Language Analyst at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation . Thanks for reading ! You can make a tax-deductible donation here .
Happy Sunday ! Here are some of the game development job postings I was able to find this week . Make sure to check out past weeks here and here . Be sure to click the bolded text read more about the studio/positions .
Clipwire Games - Game Designer , Software Developer ( C # ) Mobile Game Server Software Developer ( PHP ) , and 2D Game Artist
`` Clipwire Games first made it 's mark in the gaming industry on Facebook , creating some of Facebook 's most exciting fastest growing games . Since our humble beginnings , our games have been played and enjoyed by millions worldwide . Clipwire Games takes pride in building fun games with rich multimedia and immersive experiences . Best of all… our games are free-to-play ! Our games are available in seven languages on both Facebook and Kongregate . Now we are poised to make a lasting impact on the mobile market and become a global leader in that space . ''
Sinking Ship - Game Artist/Animator :
`` We are looking for full-time Game Artist/Animators to work on character , environment , and interface art and animation for a variety of 2D and 3D games and apps for kids . The Game Artist/Animator will work directly with our Developers and be a key contributor to all stages of development from concept to launch . ''
Sinking Ship - HTML 5 Game Developer :
`` We are currently seeking a HTML 5 Game Programmer to help produce online / mobile experiences for our properties and join our growing Sinking Ship Interactive team . We are looking for a self-starter who is excited to learn and improve their or their skillset in the ever-evolving medium of the web and mobile . ''
Poll : 13 % prefer meteor hitting Earth to Trump or Clinton as president
CLOSE An actual poll asked 853 registered voters whether they would rather vote for Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton or a giant meteor hitting the Earth . And the results were pretty interesting .
This is not The Onion .
An actual polling company actually polled 853 actual registered voters to see whether they would rather vote for Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton or a giant meteor hitting the Earth . And the results were pretty interesting .
Public Policy Polling ( PPP ) is a North Carolina-based polling company . They are not a hoax . But they do have a history of asking unusual questions along with the usual `` who would you vote for , do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion '' and so on . For instance , they asked Florida voters whether Ted Cruz was the Zodiac Killer and whether Christians believed President Obama would be Raptured .
In this poll , they asked all those usual questions we talked about . Clinton has a 4-point edge if the election were held today , though the margin of error is 3.4 points . Clinton and Trump both have high unfavorables .
However , they would still win if the other option was a giant meteor obliterating Earth and/or causing a drastic climate change that would either kill us , as it did the dinosaurs , or force us to evolve into a species of super-beings who are impervious to heat .
The Giant Meteor 2016 movement , also known as Sweet Meteor O ' Death or # SMOD16 , began as a joke by those unhappy with their presidential choices . The Twitter account now boasts more than 20,000 followers . You can even get a bumper sticker . `` Ready to Make an Impact , Tough on Putin & Iran , '' the bio reads . `` I 'll probably destroy all Earthly life . ''
Well , at least it 's upfront about it .
So in the poll , 43 % said they would vote for Clinton , 38 % for Trump and 13 % would break for the giant meteor .
Seven percent were undecided .
Of note : In a separate question that included two actual third-party candidates , Jill Stein of the Green Party polled at 2 % , while Libertarian Gary Johnson hit 5 % .
See the full poll for yourself .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/296fb3g
The Obama administration 's decision to sue North Carolina for transgender rights is the latest example of the aggressive approach Loretta Lynch has taken as attorney general in their first year in office .
The first black woman to head the Department of Justice has earned both fans and critics since taking over for Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack , Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary : report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE , their embattled predecessor , but neither side would argue she 's been meek .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lynch began their tenure by going after the executives of the international soccer association on charges of corruption .
In an unprecedented move , the department later backed groups suing the federal Election Assistance Commission over its controversial decision to let states like Arizona enforce laws requiring proof of citizenship when registering to vote . EAC is an agency DOJ is typically expected to defend .
The department also brought federal hate crime charges against the Charleston , N.C. church shooting suspect Dylann Roof , for whom Lynch is now seeking the death penalty .
And then there was the lawsuit filed against North Carolina over its law requiring that people use the public bathroom matching their gender at birth , not the gender they identify with . The DoJ suit put the Obama administration at the forefront of a new , controversial issue on civil rights , provoking a fierce backlash from many states .
“ Obviously their response to the North Carolina 's bathroom bill has been one that has been remarkably aggressive , ” said John Hudak , a senior fellow in governance studies at the Brookings Institution .
“ I think they could have gone about that in a quieter or more subtle way , ” they said . “ It seems like something not only from a policy perspective that offended her , but from a personal perspective as well . They found it very offensive and as a result had no interest in doing this in a play nice sort of way . ”
Lynch was quick to deem the law discriminatory .
“ What we must not do – what we must never do – is turn on our neighbors , our family members , our fellow Americans , for something they can not control and deny what makes them human , ” Lynch said when they announced the lawsuit on May 9 . “ This is why none of us can stand by when a state enters the business of legislating identity and insists that a person pretend to be something they are not , or invents a problem that does n't exist as a pretext for discrimination and harassment . ”
Rev . Al Sharpton told The Hill that Lynch is following in Holder 's footsteps — but in some cases going beyond him .
“ I think that they have shown in an understated way , but with loud ramifications that they are no one that shrinks from the legacy of a Robert Kennedy or Eric Holder , ” they said .
If the Lynch era ends at DoJ with a change in administrations after the election , Sharpton argues that Lynch will be remembered for showing how aggressive the department can be when standing up for civil rights .
“ They 'll be discussing the Lynch tenure for many years to come even though they did n't have many years to serve , ” they said .
Critics say Lynch is abusing their powers as the nation 's top cop .
“ I would characterize them as Eric Holder 2.0 , ” said Hans von Spakovsky , a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation , who served as counsel to the assistant attorney general for civil rights at the DOJ from 2001 to 2005 . “ Just like Holder they allow their ideology to blind the nonpartisan pursuit of justice . ”
von Spakovsky said DOJ 's action against North Carolina and its subsequent guidance for public schools on transgender bathroom use , is just the latest example of agency overreach .
“ The Justice Department does n't have the ability to rewrite the laws , ” they said . “ They are supposed to enforce the laws passed by Congress . ”
DOJ Spokesman Kevin Lewis would not respond to criticisms that Lynch has abused their power or been “ too aggressive ” when it comes to North Carolina .
“ It 's our view based on the Constitution and civil rights law that they are in violation of that law , ” they said . “ We let them know they were in violation . They disagree . That 's what the courts are for . ”
In their confirmation hearings , Lynch said their top four priorities would be police reform and improving relationships between law enforcement and the communities they serve , national security , cybersecurity and human trafficking .
LGBT rights , however , have taken center stage .
“ Civil rights are very important to them and I think that 's why they think she 's here – to protect the vulnerable , ” Lewis said .
THIS POST MAY CONTAIN AFFILIATE LINKS . PLEASE READ DISCLOSURE FOR MORE INFO .
Whether you 're doing this for fun or profit , I 've got some short and simple videos and tips here to get you face painting in about ten minutes or so , this is n't difficult .
If you 're looking to go into this for money , you 've made a good choice as , once you get good , you can actually make upwards of $ 50 an hour , especially if you 've got corporate clients .
Just be patient and keep at it , you do n't necessarily need any artistic talent ( though experience with a paint brush probably helps ) to do this . Also , it 's actually much more difficult to screw up a full face design than it is a cheek design , so you 're better off starting with full face designs like lions , tigers , and clowns .
Ok , let 's get this started , I 've got a full-time professional face painter here and she 's going to specifically show you how to do a butterfly in the first video and a tiger in the second but everything they tell you can be applied to any other designs :
How to do a tiger design :
A Few Face Painting Tips
If you need to cover a large area , like if you 're applying a base color , then just use a sponge , it 'll be much faster than a brush , and make sure you use a different sponge for each color so you do n't have to wash them out each time you want to use a different color ( same for brushes ) . Allow one color to dry before applying a second–you 're much better off applying one thin layer , letting it dry , and then applying another thin layer than just shellacking one thick layer on all at once . Kids are n't exactly known for their patience , so at the very least have a basic idea for the design that you want to do before you start . The paint itself will actually function as a glue , so to make bumpy noses or big eyebrows , just dab a cotton ball in the paint , put it on the face , put a piece of tissue on it , and paint the tissue paper . You can use puffed rice or wheat for warts , and to get a ghostly effect , just apply a light dusting of flour once you 've finished painting . If you 're just starting out and not ready for free-hand , or you just do n't have a lot of time , then just use a stencil . Obvious choices are things like hearts , stars , and flowers which can easily and quickly be stenciled onto a cheek .
Additional Resources and Further Reading
This is the best overall tutorial I 've come across , I actually know the person who wrote this and they 've been face painting professionally for years , plus they 've been teaching others how to do it for fun and business for almost as long , I highly recommend it .
Here 's a great article called ‘ Face Painting Fun ' that first and foremost covers what paints and supplies to buy , which I was n't able to go into here , this should probably be your next stop .
Here 's an excellent site that has all manner of face painting designs and how to paint them .
Hey guys ! Did everyone enjoy the Oscars ? I fell asleep during them , but I do n't think I can be blamed , one year I 'll remember how tedious they are . It 's a little bit of a quiet day today , and it 's also horrible outside , so I 'm thinking it 's a Netflix and wine night , but if you 're up for it , here 's what 's happening .
Tonight is the last night to go down to Villains Wicked Heroes ( 903 Peachtree St ) and eat at their pop-up restaurant themed on Puerto Rican street food , PR 184 . Lots of pork-y bacon-y goodness , from 5pm until close . Get there early , because they sell out quickly !
The Fratellis are back at Criminal Records ( 1154 Euclid Ave NE , ) today at 6pm for a free acoustic set they did n't get to do during all that snow . They 're also at the Masquerade tonight , all previous tickets are being honored and more tickets were released , so if you did n't already get one , now 's your chance !
Camelis Pizza in Little Five ( 337 Moreland Ave ) is having Hip Hop Karaoke tonight at 6:30 . Their pizza is great , and you ca n't possibly be more awkward than Ben Folds covering Bitches Ai n't Shit .
The Plaza ( 1049 Ponce de Leon Ave ) is screening the Creative Loafing 2014 Short Cuts Film Contest entries . It 's free , but you have to RSVP to loafy @ creativeloafing.com to get in . 7:30pm .
Naked City is going on in The Warhorse at The Goat Farm ( 1200 Foster st ) , “ a monthly , crowd-sourced , literary performance variety show. ” This month , the theme is “ progress. ” Min $ 5 donation , 8:30pm . if you liked Write Club a few weeks ago then I highly recommend this .
Sopo Bicycle Coop ( 586 Woodward Ave SE ) is playing the movie BMX Bandits at 9pm with beer and popcorn , and if you get there at 7 there 's a lesson about bike breaks and steering . $ 5 donation .
Music today ( Imgur mirror ) :
Also :
If you read this week 's Creative Loafing and saw the cover story about Ployd , he 's spinning a classic rock set at Union EAV tonight , 10pm .
There 's also the regular Monday stuff with a few new additions , as well as all the ongoing events !
I 'll be going to the Fratellis set at Criminal , and then maybe Villains for some Puerto Rican food , before I sit on the couch and marathon the rest of Breaking Bad . Let me know what you guys get up to though , and what turns out to be fun !
Be sure to follow me on Twitter , Tumblr , or Facebook , put me in your RSS reader , or sign up for daily emails , whatever works best for you ! As always , remember that the Tumblr will be the most up-to-date version of the list .
Paul Krugman attacks Trump from the right on Russia
23 July 2016
In an op-ed piece published Friday , New York Times columnist and economist Paul Krugman attacks Donald Trump on the question of Russia , going so far as to suggest that the Republican presidential candidate is a covert agent of Vladimir Putin .
Krugman 's column is provocatively titled “ The Siberian Candidate , ” a takeoff on the Cold War-era political thriller The Manchurian Candidate , which featured a Korean War prisoner of war brainwashed into serving as a sleeper assassin to be used in effecting a Soviet-orchestrated political coup in America .
The column charges that Trump would “ follow a pro-Putin foreign policy , at the expense of America 's allies and their own self-interest. ” They suggest that there exists “ some specific channel of influence ” involving Trump 's alleged “ murky involvement with wealthy Russians. ” They conclude , “ There 's something very strange and disturbing going on here , and it should not be ignored . ”
In drawing on such themes , which echo the language and methods of McCarthyism , Krugman manages to attack the fascistic Trump from the right , no mean feat .
The Times columnist has carved out a reputation as the academic standard-bearer of what passes for the liberal wing of the Democratic Party . An inveterate and shameless opportunist and careerist , they have dedicated their journalistic efforts to touting the record of Barack Obama , whom they ludicrously cast as a crusader against social inequality , and promoting the candidacy of Hillary Clinton . In the service of the latter , they penned a series of lying , unprincipled and right-wing columns attacking their Democratic opponent Bernie Sanders .
Now it appears Krugman is branching out from their calling as an intellectual apologist for the Obama administration and the Democratic Party . With Friday 's column attacking Trump , they have undertaken a mission on behalf of the US military and intelligence complex in defense of Washington 's core imperialist war strategy .
What provoked the column was an interview on foreign policy issues that Trump gave the Times during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland . Asked point-blank whether as president they would come to the “ immediate military aid ” of the Baltic states in the event of a Russian incursion , the candidate gave an equivocal answer .
That the vast majority of Americans have no idea that Washington is prepared to go to war with Russia , possibly nuclear war , over three tiny former Soviet republics , all of them ruled by virulently right-wing and reckless anti-Russian regimes , is a matter of indifference to media pundits like Krugman . What matters is that the US commitment to militarily intervene in the event that one of these regimes , all NATO members , claims to have been attacked by Russia is central to US global strategy .
Krugman is not the only journalistic scoundrel to respond to the alarm bells Trump 's statement triggered within sections of the US state apparatus . Under the headline , “ It 's Official : Hillary Clinton is Running Against Vladimir Putin , ” Jeffrey Goldberg of the Atlantic wrote : “ The Republican nominee for president , Donald J. Trump , has chosen this week to unmask themselves as a de facto agent of Russian President Vladimir Putin , a KGB-trained dictator who seeks to rebuild the Soviet empire by undermining the free nations of Europe , marginalizing NATO , and ending America 's reign as the world 's sole superpower . ”
Goldberg was a leading media advocate of the 2003 US war of aggression against Iraq , advancing and embellishing upon the Bush administration 's lies about nonexistent Iraqi “ weapons of mass destruction ” and ties to Al Qaeda . They conclude their piece , which seems to be based on the same talking points as Krugman 's , by warning , “ Donald Trump , should they be elected president , would bring an end to the postwar international order , and liberate dictators , first and foremost their ally Vladimir Putin , to advance their own interests . ”
A third piece , published before the Times interview , is nevertheless based on the same concerns within the ruling establishment . Titled “ If Trump wins , a coup is n't impossible in the US , ” it was written for the Los Angeles Times by James Kirchick . Like Krugman and Goldberg , Kirchick stresses that Trump 's campaign manager , Paul Manafort , previously worked as a lobbyist for Victor Yanukovych , the pro-Russian Ukrainian president ousted in the US-orchestrated and fascist spearheaded coup of 2014 . They also claim that Trump representatives watered down language on Ukraine in the Republican platform .
“ Trump is not only patently unfit to be president , but a danger to America and the world , ” Kirchick writes . “ Voters must stop them before the military has to . ”
A former writer for Radio Free Europe , Kirchick emerged as a specialist in baiting the Putin government on the issue of gay rights . They are now a fellow with the Foreign Policy Initiative , which is run by Republican right-wing ideologues such as Weekly Standard editor William Kristol , former Iraq occupation spokesperson Dan Señor and Project for a New American Century co-founder Robert Kagan . Kagan is married to US Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland , who played a leading role in the 2014 Ukrainian coup . These layers are either explicitly or tacitly throwing their support to Hillary Clinton as the candidate best prepared to serve as “ commander-in-chief , ” based on their intimate involvement in US war crimes from Iraq to Libya , Syria and beyond .
The vitriol unleashed against Trump—up to and including the suggestion that they should be overthrown by the military if elected—is a measure of how central the military buildup and war preparations against Russia are to US imperialist policy around the globe .
It also provides a window into the real character of the Democratic Party and the Clinton campaign . At its heart , it consists of a fusion of identity politics—the relentless promotion of race , gender and sexual orientation as the motive forces of US society—and a viciously pro-war imperialist policy . The objective of this poisonous mix is to sow divisions in the working class while fashioning a new constituency for imperialist war from among privileged layers of the upper-middle class and the pseudo-left satellites of the Democratic Party .
When the Democratic Party convenes in Philadelphia on Monday , the Democrats and their media advocates will be cheering “ inclusion ” and “ diversity , ” while the Democratic president continues slaughtering Syrian and Iraqi civilians by the hundreds in US air strikes and contemplates their next move after the failed US-backed coup in Turkey .
Trump to some extent harkens back to an older , noxious tradition within the US political right . Their use of the slogan “ America First ” is no doubt a conscious invocation of the politics of the America First Committee , which was formed in 1940 with the stated aim of keeping the US out of the Second World War and reaching a negotiated peace with Germany 's Third Reich .
The committee included not only right-wing business people , anti-Semites and Hitler admirers like its principal spokesperson , aviator Charles Lindbergh , but also opportunists and reformists like Norman Thomas of the American Socialist Party . The latter elements were of the left , but rejected any form of revolutionary opposition to imperialism based on the working class . Instead , they held their noses and formed a thoroughly reactionary and politically impermissible alliance with elements of big business , the right and semi-fascists .
The efficacy of such an organization for preventing war was made clear with the December 7 , 1941 Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , which saw the committee declare its support for the US war effort and summarily dissolve itself .
Anyone taking Trump 's rhetoric professing opposition to wars for regime change and “ nation-building , ” or their sympathetic remarks about Putin , for good coin is in for a rude awakening . One can be certain that should they be elected president , if not during the campaign itself , the massive American military and intelligence apparatus will set them straight . Kirchick 's coup wo n't be necessary .
In any case , their position is shot through with contradictions . The policies of Fortress America and economic nationalism they espouse lead inevitably and rapidly to war . Moreover , the platform upon which they are running is bellicose in the extreme . “ We will meet the return of Russian belligerence with the same resolve that led to the collapse of the Soviet Union , ” it states . “ We will not accept any territorial change in Europe imposed by force , in Ukraine , Georgia , or elsewhere ... ” The document goes on to denounce the Obama administration for an insufficiently aggressive policy , calling for a vast military buildup , particularly of the US nuclear arsenal .
The uproar over Trump 's remarks on the Baltics is a clear warning of the immense dangers confronting the working class in the United States and around the world . Amid the virtual silence of the media and the political establishment , plans for new and far more horrific wars are well advanced and will begin to be implemented once the elections are over—if not before—no matter whether Clinton or Trump is the victor .
The only principled and objective basis for opposing imperialist war is the building of a revolutionary socialist and internationalist movement within the working class . The Socialist Equality Party and its candidates , Jerry White and Niles Niemuth , have intervened in the 2016 presidential election precisely to build such a movement , exposing the war drive of the ruling elite and mobilizing workers and youth in a struggle against war and the capitalist system that is its source . We urge all our readers to support and help build this campaign .
Bill Van Auken
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
HOW COMMERCIAL VACUUM SEALERS WORK
How do commercial vacuum sealers preserve food ? Our vacuum sealers ' main function is to remove air from the containers the food is packaged in . This eliminates oxygen , which degrades the taste , color , texture and aroma of food . Even aerobic bacteria is rendered inert , further retarding spoilage . Vacuum sealing bags ( aka pouches ) have a special laminated construction with a poly inner layer that allows them to be fused by heat sealing , and an outer layer of nylon that 's highly impermeable to air migration , even under great pressure differentials . The barrier created by properly sealed , quality bags lasts for years .
VACUUM SEALING EXTENDS FOOD SHELF LIFE
Vacuum sealing extends the shelf life of perishable food by as much as five times its normal refrigerated storage life . This allows you to purchase food in larger quantities at lower volume pricing . Removal of air around food also eliminates desiccation , commonly known as freezer burn .
COMMERCIAL VS. HOME FOOD SEALERS
Commercial vacuum sealers differ from consumer ( or “ home ” ) sealers in key ways . Commercial vacs are built heavier for the rigors of all-day use . They also have 100 % duty cycles for continuous operation , while most consumer grade sealers require some cooling time between work cycles . A little-known advantage of commercial vacuum sealers is their operating cost advantage . For occasional-only users , the lower initial cost of a consumer sealer makes sense . But for moderate to higher volume vacuum sealing applications , you 'll save money with a commercial vacuum sealing machine .
Because plastic bags for commercial sealers ( either chamber type or commercial external type with snorkel probe ) do n't require special features like surface ridges , they cost less than the bags used with consumer vac sealers . For the typical home user , using the ridged ( aka `` embossed '' ) plastic with a low cost home-duty machine makes perfect sense because a much lower volume of plastic will be used during the life of the machine . But for medium or higher volume users ( either at home or for a business ) , the lower cost of the smooth plastic used by commercial external or chamber vacuum sealers will save you a lot of money in the long run , and the breakeven point might arrive sooner than you 'd think .
If you 'll be using medium size bags , total costs to operate a commercial machine would reach breakeven compared to a consumer-duty machine when you 've sealed about 1200 bags . At that point the commercial machine has paid for itself in plastic savings , then it keeps saving you money through continued use of the very economical commercial vacuum sealer bags . Add to this the commercial vacuum 's convenient operation , longer life span and higher production rate , and the best vacuum sealer , even for home users , may be the one that costs a little more up front .
Whatever your needs , our wide selection of commercial vac sealers will allow you to choose the ideal type and size . Vac sealers are available from very compact units up to floor standing machines capable of vacuum sealing thousands of packages per hour .
TWO BASIC TYPES OF VACUUM SEALERS
Two basic types of commercial vacuum sealers are available : Chamber sealers and external sealers . Chamber sealers are ideal for most users ; a filled bag ( or more than one ) is placed in the chamber , and when the lid is closed the vacuum process starts automatically . Once the air is fully evacuated , the bag 's opening is sealed then air flows back into the chamber around the bag . The lid then opens automatically and another cycle can start .
External style commercial vacuum sealers offer valuable options if you need to vacuum seal very large or oddly shaped objects or materials , because they do n't use a chamber . Instead , air is extracted with the bag outside the machine , by means of a nozzle ( or `` snorkel '' ) . Our external vacuum sealers offer the basic vacuum/seal cycle and can be special ordered to handle military grade packaging and nitrogen purge or fill options . We can also provide equipment suitable for clean room environments .
MORE VACUUM SEALER OPTIONS
In addition to selection of chamber vs. external suction type , other options include single or multiple seal bars and gas flush capability . Dual seal bars allow a greater number of packages to be placed into the chamber so every vacuum cycle produces multiple sealed packages . Gas flush gives you the option of normal vacuum sealing where the vacuum bag is sucked down very tightly around the food ( or other object ) , or the second option of first removing the air , then injecting an inert gas ( typically nitrogen ) before the bag is sealed . This results in a package that 's free of air and oxygen ( as well as water , if the material being sealed is dry itself ) , yet the bag is not collapsed down around its contents . This is a good option for sealing delicate items .
COMMERCIAL CHAMBER VACUUM SEALERS BY ARY & DMC
ARY VacMaster vacuum sealers have been a favorite with our customers for over a decade . VacMaster is owned by ARY , a U.S.-owned company . VacMaster makes small , mid-sized and large chamber vacuum sealers that come standard with stainless steel cabinet , easy to remove seal bars and the one-piece , self-opening acrylic lid . Options available with our VacMaster brand vac-sealers include gas flush and dual seal bars . The ARY VP-545 vacuum sealer is a very popular floor standing , gas flush equipped model , and the ARY VP-540 sealer is similar but without the gas flush feature . The ARY VP-215 vacuum sealer is one of our most popular smaller vacuum machines ; like all ARY VacMaster sealers , it provides outstanding value at an affordable price .
ARY also offers two smaller commercial vacuum sealer models created for lighter duty applications : The VP-112 and VP-120 offer the benefit of using commercial style pouches in a small kitchen setting without breaking the bank . Both models are lightweight , easy to use and still feature a commercial no-maintenance vacuum pump .
Dajiang ( DMC ) makes six models of commercial chamber vacuum sealers , with gas flush and dual seal bars offered as options in each basic sealer configuration . The tabletop Dajiang model 260-PD vacuum sealer is among our most popular machines , along with the larger model 450-A vacuum sealer . Our Dajiang vac customers like the extra chamber depth in their larger sealers ( up to 9-3/8 ” ) which is useful for sealing larger products like whole turkeys .
COMMERCIAL EXTERNAL VACUUM SEALERS
The Dajiang/DMC 700 external vacuum sealer offers a unique , hard to find configuration where heavy packaging can be positioned easily on heavy-duty stainless steel rollers , letting you get even heavy products into position easily . Two large stainless steel nozzles extend into the pouch for quick air removal . The heavy-duty 220V , single phase electric pump is rated at a robust 20 cubic meters per hour for fast evacuation . DMC 700-L series external sealers offer double sided heating allowing the user to seal even heavy military grade pouches .
AmeriVacs external vacuum sealers provide a great solution for applications when package size demands seal bars up to 50 inches wide . AmeriVacs vac-sealers are made in the USA and come with a two year warranty . AmeriVacs sealers offer our customers many options including upper & lower heating for the seal bars , gas flush , and clean room compatibility .
SMARTEST VACUUM SEALER CHOICE : PLEASANT HILL GRAIN
Pleasant Hill Grain has represented reliable , high-performance ARY and Dajiang vacuum sealers for over ten years , and we 're one of the largest stocking distributors in the U.S . In business over thirty years , we have extensive experience in vacuum packaging . Click on any of the models above to explore options , and please call us if you have any questions about your vac sealing needs . Our friendly and knowledgeable vac sealer specialists are here to support you before and after the sale . We would appreciate your business , and look forward to serving you !
Advertisement
In France , the burkini ban has ignited fierce debate - but women in China do n't understand all the fuss is about .
In 2014 , Zhang Shifan , a 60-year-old entrepreneur from the seaside city of Qingdao made worldwide headlines for creating a ‘ facekini ' - a stretchy mask designed to protect beachgoers faces from the sun in China , where fair skin is prized .
When Chinese women go to the beach , they hide under umbrellas , pile on layers of clothing , wear wide-brimmed hats - or put on a facekini , which shields their entire body from the sun .
Zhang 's sixth facekini collection features the world 's most endangered animals , including giant pandas , alligators and Siberian tigers .
Chinese women model the sixth-generation facekini designs on a beach in Qingdao City , in China 's Shandong province
While the burkini ban on France 's southeast beach towns has brewed controversy across the world , Chinese women 's have been wearing similar swimsuits since 2014
The new facekini designs are animal-centric , featuring the world 's 10 most endangered species - including the giant panda , Chinese alligator and Siberian tiger
Zhang Shifan , 60 , invented the facekini and courted customers by promising to shield their bodies from dangerous jellyfish stings
They are popular in Zhang 's hometown of Qingdao , which boasts a population of 9 million , as well as a number of other seaside towns .
While the first generation of facekinis were strictly headwear , the suits now offer full-body cover .
The suits come in a variety of colours and patterns .
The cover-all suits are perfect for Chinese women who wish to avoid tan lines at all costs .
While the facekini initially only covered swimmers ' heads , the new designs cover entire bodies
Designer Zhang Shifan , 60 , poses with their female and male models on the beach
While the suits have drawn ridicule around the world since 2014 , their popularity among Chinese customers has only increased
Holes are cut in the skin-tight elastic fabric for eyes , nostrils , mouth and , in some cases , ponytails
Zhang attracted customers by convincing them they needed to protect themselves from ultraviolet rays and dangerous jellyfish .
Holes are cut in the skin-tight elastic fabric for eyes , nostrils , mouth and , in some cases , ponytails .
Despite the worldwide ridicule the suits have attracted , the suits - which were initially only purchased by middle-aged women - are now popular among younger women and men .
SANTIAGO , Chile — The United States military intelligence services played a pivotal role in setting up the murders of two American citizens in 1973 , providing the Chilean military with the information that led to their deaths , a court here has ruled .
The recent court decision found that an American naval officer , Ray E. Davis , alerted Chilean officials to the activities of two Americans , Charles Horman , 31 , a filmmaker , and Frank Teruggi , 24 , a student and an antiwar activist , which led to their arrests and executions .
The murders were part of an American-supported coup that ousted the leftist government of President Salvador Allende . The killing of the two men was portrayed in the 1982 film “ Missing . ”
The ruling by the judge , Jorge Zepeda , now establishes the involvement of American intelligence officials in providing information to their Chilean counterparts . They also charged a retired Chilean colonel , Pedro Espinoza , with the murders , and a civilian counterintelligence agent , Rafael González , as an accomplice in Mr. Horman 's murder .
I can not wait for the college basketball season to get underway . Midnight Madness is right around the corner , and everywhere I go , people want to know which team I have at numero uno .
There are a number of very legitimate candidates . Tom Crean has a great group of players returning , led by Cody Zeller . The Hoosiers also a great recruiting class coming in .
Kentucky has to be considered among the legit contenders . John Calipari has reloaded again , with Nerlens Noel the crème de la crème of big-man recruits .
My friends , my choice as the best of the best for the 2012-13 campaign is in the same region of the country as the Hoosiers and Wildcats .
My pick to cut down the nets in Atlanta is the Louisville Cardinals . I will reveal my full top 40 at the beginning of next week .
Why am I going with the Cardinals ? Let me count the ways .
1 . Experience
The Cardinals had a taste of the Final Four last year before falling to Kentucky . Having a veteran like Peyton Siva back to run the offense in so important . There is a nucleus returning that came so close last year . I look for big things from Chane Behanan and Gorgui Dieng as well .
2 . Blackshear a breakthrough star
Wayne Blackshear missed most of last season with a shoulder injury but they have the potential of stepping up big-time . They can do it all as a difference-maker with tremendous talent .
3 . New faces will help
Luke Hancock averaged double-figure scoring at George Mason before transferring . Montrezl Harrell is a highly-regarded newcomer from Hargrave Military Academy who should contribute . Louisville has the depth to win it all .
4 . Dieng is a factor in the middle
Having a shot-blocker in the paint can make a difference . Go ask Kentucky how important Anthony Davis was in the middle last season .
5 . Pitino is a winner
They should be in the Hall of Fame and winning it all would add a big feather in their cap . Their outstanding leadership skills will help get this team to the winner 's circle .
I know Louisville 's depth took a hit when veteran Mike Marra tore their ACL and was lost for the season . I believe they will eventually end up becoming a leader as a coach , possibly even with Pitino . It is a blow to the team .
I still give the nod to Louisville to put it all together and win the national championship . I can not wait for the season to tip off , baby !
Update : All finished ! You can get caught up on the full recap below .
Nintendo 's 76th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is about to begin . NStyles appears to be in attendance and Cheesemeister will be translating , so we should be getting information from the event as it happens .
The meeting will kick off at 9 PM ET / 6 PM PT . We 'll start posting tidbits around then .
– A Mario towel , Pikachu cookies , and room-temperature green tea given to attendees
– From left : Umeyama , Mitamura , Ueda , Mizutani , Shigeyuki Takahashi , Kimishima , Takeda , Miyamoto , Shinya Takahashi , Yamato , Tanaka
– 20 minutes before it began , the seats were about 30 % filled ( can hold 1,000 ) ; up to 60 % around 10 minutes before start time
– About to start ; all of the directors have entered
– Nintendo president Tatsumi Kimishima greets the audience
– Auditor Minoru Ueda makes a report
Report
– The 76th annual report is not being read by president Kimishima , but rather a recorded narration is being played with slides
– There were no big 3DS hit titles , so sales were low
– Splatoon , Mario Maker , Twilight Princess HD did well
– amiibo hit 24.7 million units
– Download sales totaled 43.9 billion yen
– Miitomo got off to a good start
– Operating income recovered , but losses due to the strong yen reduced ordinary and net income
– Assets : 1 trillion , 296.9 billion yen ; net assets minus liabilities equal 1 trillion , 160.9 billion yen , down 6.6b yen from last
– Issues to address . Up to now , the goal has been to expand the gaming population irregardless of age , gender , or experience . Now , the focus is to increase the population exposed to Nintendo IPs .
– Pokémon Sun/Moon 3DS due out worldwide in November , with many other Nintendo , strong 3rd-party titles to be released
– The aim with 3DS is to make the platform active again
– NX reconfirmed for worldwide launch in March 2017 ; the dedicated game machine business will continue to be core
– amiibo and download businesses will continue to receive focus
– Fire Emblem and Animal Crossing come to smart devices this fall
– Focusing on My Nintendo , we want to create synergy between the dedicated game machine and smart device businesses
– Nintendo IP will be used in theme parks , character goods , and film contents
– Nintendo said the Wii U would continue to fight on , but only Zelda is coming next year
– The resolutions that were voted upon are explained ( these can be found online already )
– There are 6 resolutions this year
Q & A
Q1 . I 've held shares for 20 years . I want to protest the board of directors being all-male . Remember half of the market is female . Also , I do n't use a PC , and I 'd like the opinions of those kinds of shareholders to be taken into account .
A1 . Kimishima : We do n't have any females [ on the board ] . For foreigners , Reggie is an operating officer . There are many female employees , and their opinions are applied in product development . It 's important that we continue taking their opinions in dev .
Q2 . Looking at the balance sheet , I think this is a very good company , but the stock price is low and needs to be increased . For example , focusing on VR , developing software for elders to exercise and prevent dementia , and other various types of efforts . I would also like a young director to be appointed .
A2 . Kimishima : Other companies ' VR presentations at E3 became a topic of discussion . It has captured customers ' interest , and while we 're researching it , we do n't have anything concrete to discuss now . To increase the stock price , we 're utilizing our IP , researching QOL , preparing the NX , and taking on many such challenges .
Q3 . It 's been reported that Great Britain is leaving the EU . Does this affect Nintendo , and if so , what are you doing about it ?
Kimishima : Financial markets are in turmoil . For now , the yen is strengthening , causing our foreign assets to fall . We have Nintendo UK , and safety standards and personal information regulations from the EU may change under the UK . We 're watching the situation and making preparations .
Q4 . About last year 's leadership change . Last July , Iwata-san passed away and in September , President Kimishima succeeded him . There was a problem with not having a president for 2 months . I want to know why that was . What will happen to [ Iwata ] Asks ? Many people are demanding action games as smartphone applications , so will you release a physical controller ?
Kimishima : In regards to [ Iwata ] Asks , I do n't come from a game dev . background , so if I ask , it would n't be interesting . Former president Iwata entered the hospital before passing away and directed Takeda , Miyamoto , and I at that point . However , they did n't expect to pass away so soon , so we needed time to decide upon the following organization and direction .
Miyamoto : Thank you for the last question . About Iwata Asks , even they said , “ It 's gotten in a rut. ” For now , we want to continue with Morimoto . We will do lots of new things . There being no female directors was criticized , but I think their contributions as development staff are world-class .
Shinya Takahashi : There are certainly physical controllers for smart devices , but Nintendo wants to make action games w/out them .
Q5 . Miitomo is doing well , but I 'd like to hear your response to providing contents to other companies ' platforms .
A5 . Kimishima : I think we 're still working to resolve the initial challenges with smart devices . We 'll have 5 titles by March . Any IP may be utilized to the maximum extent .
Shinya Takahashi : As for releasing on platforms other than Nintendo 's , it 's a bigger deal to deliver worldwide to places where our platforms have n't reached and to different age groups in each country .
Q6 . Until now , the president has delivered the annual report directly , but this year was an audiovisual presentation . I want to know how much effort the president is putting into Nintendo
A6 . Kimishima : This may be difficult to hear , but I 'm going through trial-and-error . It may be better for me to report myself so I 'll take it into consideration .
Q7 . The marketing budget is being revisited and the balance of payments corrected , but I get the feeling that new product news is declining .
A7 . Kimishima : We revisited the marketing budget in accordance with sales figures . As a result , we 've saved versus 2-3 years ago . It 's not good to just make budget cuts , so we 're trying various media and methods other than TV commercials . We have to use the right timing to reach those who do n't always follow us . For each customer segment , we want to improve by creating a detailed market plan to reach them .
Q8 . There was a change to the articles of corporation to add “ manufacturing and sales of medical devices. ” Please explain .
A8 . Kimishima : This is related to QOL devices , but it was added in anticipation of future business expansion .
Q9 . When the Wii U added HD support , there were development issues and software shortages . Will the organization avoid the same problems when investing in new technologies like VR ? How is NX development structured ? ( Note : NX question was unclear )
A9 . Kimishima : I understand your question as being about my speaking negatively about the Wii U . Some said that the Wii U would sell because the Wii was selling . However , I said that if the Wii was selling , getting users enjoying the Wii to switch would be a hard sell .
Miyamoto : At the time , we sold a game machine with the GamePad for 30,000 yen . However , we faced difficulty from other companies releasing many tablets at low prices .
Miyamoto : We talked about the new Zelda for Wii U and NX at E3 . I 'd like you to watch this video from the floor . ( The screen shows a video from E3 . ) Reggie : What we can show you now is only a part , but when it 's released next year , you 'll be able to fully enjoy it . ( That 's from the video . Reggie is n't actually at the meeting . ) Breath of the Wild had long lines .
Shinya Takahashi : This is a video from day 3 of E3 . Many people came to play Zelda . Normally , day 3 is n't this crowded . Tickets ran out right away . Many people have high expectations for the game . We 're also working hard on the NX version .
Miyamoto : The Legend of Zelda turns 30 this year and has many fans in the west . We 're considering how to get Zelda out of its rut . We 're calling it “ open air. ” Creating realism with physics , you can go to the far-off mountains without cutting away . You 'll be able to have the same experience on the NX . Normally we would 've shown the # NX at # E3 , but we did n't . We 're worried about imitators if we release info too early . This year , we only had Zelda on display . As it 's not a game for short play sessions , it was playable for 30 minutes . It was rated as E3 Game of the Show by game magazines .
Miyamoto : I heard VR was a hot topic at E3 , so I went to check it out . It was on display , but it was n't what I expected . We 're also researching VR , so we have the core technology . Long play sessions are an issue . We want to release something that can be played for long periods , carries value , and is affordable . We want parents to feel at ease .
Miyamoto : Peoples ' reactions at E3 were good , but… ( Redacted as Miyamoto said that this is for here only , not the web . )
Q10 . There are many questions for game fans , so I 'd like you to answer this 2-part question , first about the balance of payments and then if you could answer the 2nd part in a game-related question session . ( The audience laughs . )
A10 . Two meetings ago , I said that the investors ' meetings are an important place for communication . Investor-related questions are a given , but an opportunity for those [ game-related ] questions is also needed . We 'll consider making such an opportunity .
Q11 : About NX manufacturing , I hear that labor costs in China are rising and that robotic assembly is increasing . While going to fabless contract manufacturing , I want to know how you will keep costs down going forward .
Hirokazu Shinshi : I 'm in charge of manufacturing . Labor costs have shot up in the last 10 years in China and across ASEAN nations . Manufacturing automation has long been practiced in Japan , and is now done in China . While making the same product for a long time , the amount manufactured changes based on things like the Christmas season . It 's easy to automate unchanging production amounts , but it 's difficult when they do change . We 're thoroughly communicating with our partners to make adjustments . As for the NX , manufacturing is being prepped . We 're considering how much to automate .
Q12 . About utilizing your IPs , I saw a report that you 'll be making movies . What will you do about not just money , but people ? Miyamoto-san may be motivated to make movies , but how will human resources be divided among games , theme parks , etc . ?
A12 . Kimishima : We 're in discussions with a partner to work on films together . People are a valuable resource ; each needs to be trained , and the relationships with our external partners are also important .
Miyamoto : I 'm Miyamoto , and I 'm motivated to make movies . ( The audience laughs . ) Film is an interesting field , and are needed to help make Nintendo 's IPs unforgettable . The characters used only by Nintendo are precious across the world . For films we are n't ready to talk about it yet , but we have n't said that we 're making movies . We made short movies for Pikmin and Star Fox , but those were made mostly externally , and it was just me from Nintendo . For theme parks , we 're cooperating with Universal Studios . It 'll take some time before there are results , but please look forward .
Kimishima : We 're cooperating with DeNA on smart devices . While launching new projects , we 'll continue working with partners .
Q13 . I 'm a fan of President Yamauchi , that is to say , a believer . Nintendo is different from others in valuing uniqueness , but wo n't there be any side-effects in working with DeNA and others ?
A13 . Kimishima : The spirit of uniqueness is built into our business direction . In tying up with DeNA , they support delivering our uniqueness to customers with their analysis of customer reactions and know-how .
Q14 . The Wii U is essentially being retired and the 3DS is past its peak , but are n't your business forecasts unrealistic ? Will they not be revised downward ? Please break it down as basically as possible .
A14 . Kimishima : 3DS sales have passed 58m . We can profit by delivering software to this base . We believe Pokémon will do so . We believe smart device titles will be profitable . We 're cautious about British EU exit effects , which may affect sales and profits if the yen continues to be strong .
Q15 . I believe that the game industry 's biggest problems are increasing development costs and the length of development . I 'd like to hear from each director what their approach to this is .
Kimishima : Certainly , development costs have increased in the last 10 years . Let 's have each director answer .
Takeda : We 're using increases in productivity to make an appeal with the greatness of games instead of [ hardware ] performance .
Miyamoto : Breath of the Wild has over 100 staff , and over 300 people in the credits , spending over 5 years . Our current efforts will be helpful in the next production . The costs will be recovered by selling in large volumes , passing 2m sales . A game is a hit in the domestic market if it reaches 300k sales , but we 're targeting worldwide sales . Reviews on the Internet get around . Details get pointed out , so our staff is working more than is required .
Shinya Takahashi : By using resources made for Zelda on other software , we can make many compact titles . The last Brain Training sold a lot with small resources . We 're doing lots of things to reduce development times like reusing game engines .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Oaky , With Notes Of BS : Why Wine Tasting Struggles To Get It On The Nose
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles O'Rear/Getty Images Charles O'Rear/Getty Images
To get you to buy a bottle of champagne , M. Cole Chilton , the face who was always behind the counter of my neighborhood wine store in Brooklyn , would send out emails with elaborate descriptions : `` I taste like sunshine , and I tell of brighter days ahead . I will make you forget that three people cheated on you last year . I will make you forget that you did n't contribute anything to your 401 ( k ) . I will make you forget that dog sitting is not as easy as it sounds . ''
Rarely have I gotten so much enjoyment from a newsletter , but also , rarely have I been so confused . Did I want to buy these wines that smelled like `` Bing cherries burnt by a flaming walrus tusk and washed down with gulp of bitter Iron Goddess tea ? '' Yes , yes I did . Did I know what any of that meant or what to expect when I opened a bottle ? God , no .
This is a common problem with the average wine consumer . In their new book , Cork Dork , writer and certified sommelier Bianca Bosker says you can teach yourself to taste .
They trace their wine education from being a total novice working as a cellar rat in a New York restaurant to becoming someone who could blind taste with impressive accuracy . Though the book is very much a glimpse into the strange world of wine , it 's even more about taste — how to do it , how to describe it , and whether anyone knows what they 're doing at all .
Bosker describes having a `` crisis of confidence '' after bringing a blind-smelling exercise to their fellow sommeliers . They filled six plastic cups with herbs , covered them in foil , and poked holes into the top . `` If the somms could smell chervil in their wine , surely they could smell chervil in chervil ? '' Bosker writes .
Unfortunately , this was not the case .
According to a theory they note elsewhere in the book , perhaps instead of real chervil , the aroma these sommeliers were noting was simply something they 'd heard others describe as chervil in the past — a game of telephone for the nose .
Tasting notes , which are meant to be a helpful guide , might just be creating new confusion for the lay drinker . `` If you 're a [ wine ] critic and you say you smell 'peppered raspberry ' and 'pomegranate ' and you , the drinker , do n't sense them , you 'll think there 's something wrong with the wine or something wrong with you , '' Bosker tells NPR .
While we may know as many as 30,000 words in our native language , we 're not nearly so good at defining the hundreds of thousands of distinct smells our brains process .
`` There 's an incredible richness of information we 're neglecting and we can remedy that by teaching ourselves how to taste , '' Bosker says .
In the 1980s , Ann Noble , a professor at the University of California , Davis , came up with a solution to this challenge , at least for wine . Frustrated by the lack of accountability in tasting notes — especially with impossible-to-define descriptions like `` skyscraper-like texture , '' `` elegant , '' or `` romantic '' — Noble developed an aroma wheel , which culled and categorized some of the most common aromas identified by the wine industry .
Does the wine seem reminiscent of tropical fruit ? Take it a step further and try to identify whether it 's more like bubblegum or kiwi . If there 's a hint of vanilla , the aroma wheel hints that it 's likely to be caused by oak aging . It 's hard to state how influential this wheel has been . Variations of it can now be found to help identify distinct aromas in coffee , olive oil , honey and chocolate .
`` You used to have all these emotional sort of words that would be off-putting to someone who did n't know what it meant — 'esoteric ' or 'exclusive , ' `` Noble says of pre-aroma wheel tasting notes . `` Now you see more specific terminology . ''
Speaking the same language , whether in wine or life , is important for communication . For many consumers , a sommelier 's saying a wine is `` bold '' means as much as saying it 's gobbeldygook . And these words are important .
Unlike food — which gives us multiple sensory cues like crunchy , hot , squishy or stringy in addition to tasting salty or like apricot — with wine , it 's all about minute differences between taste and smell .
In the interest of selling wine or passing sommelier exams , Bosker said , people sometimes take the poetry of wine too far without understanding where these words come from and how to use them . The terms we use to describe wine have often been representative of the times we live in .
For example , in the '80s there were a lot of terms like `` svelte and lithe and muscular , '' Bosker says , reflecting a cultural attachment to spandex and Jazzercise . Today the foodie movement has led to terms like `` organic rutabaga , '' while a need to `` quantify our hedonism '' has started some tasters down a path of referring to the chemicals that we 're smelling like pyrazine ( found in bell pepper ) or mercaptans ( the culprit behind the smell of odorous socks or rotten cabbage ) .
`` Wine tasting , yes , it helps you appreciate wine , but it 's a discipline that can teach you how to appreciate anything in life more whether it 's a walk in the park or , '' Bosker says , laughing , `` the smells of the subway . ''
All this is n't to say that the poetry of wine should be lost forever . Perhaps it 's time wine was marketed more like food : Start with an objective list of ingredients and then use marketing language to make consumers feel a certain way to buy it . A wine can taste of red fruit and leather at the same time it makes you feel like you 're in a cabin listening to love songs on the radio . Now that 's a wine I 'd like to drink .
Tove K. Danovich is a journalist based in Portland , Ore .
And other news you wish you had missed during the past week
Adam Gilchrist : soon in Vegas © Getty Images
Fielder overcompensates for being caught picking nose live
A fielder caught picking their nose live on the big screen overcompensated for the embarrassment minutes after the incident .
Upon seeing that they were on the giant screen , the player in question - whose name this website has decided not to divulge as a mark of respect to their family - immediately withdrew their finger from deep inside their right nostril and proceeded to look nonchalantly into the middle distance .
They then appeared to go through a panicky series of motions , apparently designed to distract the viewer into forgetting what they or they had just seen , by alternately gesturing to their captain , clapping and shouting encouragement at their team-mates , and fidgeting with their collar , all the while returning a nervous eye to the big screen at regular intervals to see if they were still being shown .
Towel industry suffers after controversy
One of the inevitable consequences of the controversy currently embroiling the IPL has been that the towel industry has taken a crippling blow . Sales in India have taken a plunge ever since reports surfaced of a towel 's alleged use on the field of play as a signal to unscrupulous elements .
Latest reports suggest that not only are people not purchasing new towels , outraged fans have been dumping any existing towels they can find at home out onto the streets .
`` This is our way of symbolic protest , '' said one man as they ripped a bath towel from around their wife 's head and threw it upon the ground . `` This ! Will ! Not ! Stand ! '' they shouted , punctuating each word by jumping up and down upon the offending cloth . Incidentally , the same man was later seen roaming the streets naked , shivering and dripping wet , after having been kicked out of their home by their now towel-less family .
But there have also been other , more serious consequences of the protesters ' actions . Delhi police personnel have been knocking on the doors of the public , wanting to know just what kind of message they are sending by throwing out their towels , and to whom .
Pimple medication companies see opportunity in spot-fixing
Meanwhile , at least one unscrupulous ad agency has been busy advising the biggest pimple-cream company it could find on its client list that there is an opportunity to be had in this whole spot-fixing thing .
The term `` spot-fixing '' works on multiple levels , see ? '' said an advertising executive . `` There is corruption in cricket , yes , but happily there is also corruption on our faces . And like cricket , acne is n't going to clean itself up , people . Let 's all make a buck and call it a day already . ''
Gilchrist helped off pitch in final game of career
An infirm , doddering Adam Gilchrist had to be helped off the pitch at the conclusion of their final game for their IPL franchise , the embarrassing incident more than justifying their long overdue decision to call it quits from all competitive cricket . A photo showed the elderly batsman having to be lifted clear off the ground by their King 's XI Punjab team-mates after attempting to recreate a popular dance routine that risked advancing a scheduled hip-replacement surgery by weeks .
`` I 'm going to miss all this , '' said the wrinkled , liver-spotted Gilchrist , who was then whisked away for a walk in the park with some other senior citizens for some exercise and fresh air .
Journalists happy they did n't have to use the word `` Sivaramakrishnangate ''
As the controversial appointment of L Sivaramakrishnan as player 's representative on the ICC 's Cricket Committee continues to be overshadowed by slightly more controversial events , journalists are collectively breathing a sigh of relief .
`` That was close , '' said one respected writer for a national newspaper . `` There was some panic that we 'd have to use the word 'Sivaramakrishnangate ' at some point or other , but I think we 're safe now . ''
The journalist explained that while adding the suffix `` gate '' to controversies has been a time-honoured tradition since Watergate , writers have been very uncomfortable about doing the same in this instance due to the fact that adding any more letters to Sivaramakrishnan 's name would have involved committing the most grievous of crimes .
`` Not only would it have been unlawful , we just would n't have been able to live with ourselves , '' they added .
Bold new haircut successfully makes young cricketer feel edgy , dangerous
A bold , hip new haircut has successfully made a young cricketer feel edgy and dangerous . `` I definitely feel different , '' they murmured to themselves as they admired in their bathroom mirror the streaks that had been etched into their scalp like Nazca Lines .
`` Now you can show the haterz how it 's done , son ! '' they lapsed into what they considered to be fresh , urban lingo . `` Damn straight , '' they added for good effect .
When on match day they were dismissed , the player removed their helmet as they made their way to the pavilion . `` Most stylish duck you ever made , dog , '' they consoled himself .
Close-up shots of the sun and the moon allow TV viewers to confirm time
Cricket telecasts may be unique among sports for the frequency of ultra zoomed-in close-up shots of the sun or the moon during breaks in action , providing fans the underrated service of confirming whether it is day or night .
`` We like to think that we 're doing our small part to keep the fans as informed as they can be , '' said one TV executive magnanimously . `` After all , people who call themselves cricket fans these days need all the help they can get . ''
Chris Broad proud , relieved after son Stuart 's heroics
Commenting after Stuart Broad 's match-winning efforts in the first Test against New Zealand , father Chris said they always knew their son would repay the faith they had in him . `` Of course , they better have done , considering I was a well known international cricketer myself and put the little bugger through their paces as early as could possibly have been done without it being illegal or something , '' gushed the proud dad .
R Rajkumar tweets here
All quotes and `` facts '' in this article are made up , but you knew that already , did n't you ?
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
October 18 , 2017 . Talking Stick Resort Arena . Halftime of Portland Trail Blazers at Phoenix Suns .
Public address announcer Vince Marotta : “ Ladies and gentlemen , please turn your attention to Suns Vision for a very special ceremony live from the men 's restroom on level 0 . It 's time to induct the inaugural member of the Suns Ring of Dishonor . Let 's hand it over to former Suns general manager and our master of ceremonies , Lance Blanks . Lance , take it away . ”
Camera cuts to the men 's room where a crowd of disgraced Suns dignitaries huddle around a stall where a black drape covers the placard memorializing the team 's first Ring of Dishonor member just above it . The camera frantically pans around looking for Blanks who , much like during is tenure with the team , is nowhere to be found .
( End Scene )
Needless to say , when my infant daughter wakes up at 2 AM and I 'm rocking them back to sleep my mind drifts to some “ unique ” places especially when it comes to the Suns . For years I 've joked with friends , fans and even former co-workers that the Suns needed a Ring of Dishonor . A way for fans to recognize and release their disdain for some of the most hated villains from the team 's now 50 year history . Well , the day has finally come . Even if the team would never officially sanction such a thing there is no reason why the Suns fan base ca n't .
Plus it 's the beginning of August . What else are we going to write about . ( Be honest , you do n't really need a positional breakdown looking at roster spots 15-12 , do you ? )
Before we start naming names , let 's expand upon the ground rules that Dave King laid out as they left a few things to be desired . A member of the Suns Ring of Dishonor does n't necessarily have to be someone who has played or worked for the organization . It does , however , have to be someone or something which has tortured , haunted or just plain disrespected the franchise since 1968 and induce a cringe when a die-hard fan hears it mentioned . The person or thing can still actively be a part of the NBA , but not the Suns , and no criminal charges are required but they are a bonus . All nominees will be put forth by a panel of Suns experts -- or in the case of this mental exercise , yours truly -- and be voted in by the fans with at least 80 % of fans voting yes .
Now that the technical elements of this completely made up event are out of the way and , like the points on Whose Line Is It Anyways ? , do n't matter , let 's move on to who deserves to be nominated .
Honorable Mentions :
The San Antonio Spurs
While it only seems fitting to include the entire Spurs organization in the inaugural Suns Ring of Dishonor induction , it just is n't their time . Sure , they 're the organization that stole the Iceman George Gervin from us and tortured us for most of the mid-2000s , but there have been some great memories against them too . Charles Barkley 's series clinching shot over David Robinson is an all-time classic playoff , not just Suns , moment and Goran 's 23-point 4th quarter on the way to a sweep of the Spurs makes it too tough to include the entire of the organization , at least at first .
The Kiss of Death . Just saying it does meet the criteria of making Suns fans cringe , but it was one shot in one series that the Suns had blown in a million ways long before Elie 's three to seal their fate . Was the blowing off a kiss salt in the wound ? Yes , but Elie was a career bit player and did end their career in Phoenix as a member of the Suns so it 's just enough to keep them off the ballot .
The Nominees
Laker Fans
Is there anything more annoying than going to a Suns-Lakers game , or any Suns home game for that matter , and seeing the guy sporting the LA Jersey that still has the little plastic piece from the price tag on it since it 's so new ? You know the one . The guy who has never set foot in Southern California but pretends they have been a laker fan since before Showtime yet ca n't name anyone who did n't make an all-star team who has ever been on their roster . The fan who always wants to start a fight with you for cheering for the Suns when Lakers are winning and leaves early when they 're losing . The answer is no . There is nothing more annoying than a Lakers fan and , to add insult to injury , they make purple look bad too . For those and so , so , so many more reasons they are my first nominee .
Tim Donaghy
An NBA ref who plead guilty to gambling on games , had ties to organized crime , worked in the 2007 Suns-Spurs series and said games in the league were fixed ? Yeah , that 's an instant nomination .
Jerrod Mustaf
A member of the Suns from 1991-1994 , he 's remembered for what they allegedly did off the court rather than their lack of usefulness on it .
In 1993 their pregnant girlfriend was murdered . Usually that makes you a sympathetic figure . Especially if you 're famous . That is , unless you 're tied to it . How bad was it ? During the trial of the man who was convicted of the crime , both the prosecutor and the defense claimed Mustaf masterminded the entire crime .
Wow .
The Drug Scandal Suns
April 17 , 1987 . It was the day that almost ended the Phoenix Suns franchise . The day then current Suns James Edwards , Jay Humphries and Grant Gondrezick , and two former players , were indicted for their involvement in a cocaine trafficking case . Fellow Sun Walter Davis was also suspended by the team for getting involved with cocaine again . They and rookie William Bedford reportedly were granted immunity for testimony against their teammates .
The scandal rocked not only Phoenix but the league as a whole and sent ripple effects throughout the franchise .
The 1964 Kennedy Half Dollar
Just the name of a piece of American currency is enough for longtime Suns fans to know why it 's a nominee . That was the coin then NBA commissioner J. Walter Kennedy flipped in their New York office on March 19 , 1969 to determine if the Suns or Bucks would get Lew Alcindor , better known as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , with the No . 1 pick . The coin came up tails and the pick went to the Bucks along with a championship . The Suns had called heads thanks to a fan vote in the Arizona Republic and , 49 years later , are still waiting for a title . So maybe , really , it should be 1969 Phoenicians on the list ?
Yeah . Big Shot Bob . The towel boy . Rob Zombie ( OK , so no one has ever called them that last one . )
Horry is the villian of all villians . The simple fact that they helped the Houston Rockets come back from 3-1 down against the Suns in back-to-back seasons on the way to winning the title would almost be enough to make the list . For him , that was just the appetizer . They went on to become a member of the Suns as part of one of the worst trades in team history . They threw a towel in coach Danny Ainge 's face , got traded to the Lakers , helped them dominate the division for years and eliminated the Suns from the playoffs , went to the Spurs , eliminated Phoenix from the playoffs three times on the way to winning it all and oh , hip checked two-time MVP Steve Nash into the scorer 's table during a playoff game .
For those of you scoring at home , that was one lopsided trade , two major controversies on the sideline and six times eliminating the Suns from the playoffs . If that is n't an automatic spot in the Ring of Dishonor , I do n't know what is .
Now the stage has been set and the power of a fictitious honor to be bestowed upon the least honorable is in your hands . Who do you vote in and who has to wait for another year ? Which of the disposable will be the first inducted into the Suns Ring of Dishonor ?
You can find Espo on The Solar Panel : A Phoenix Suns podcast wherever you subscribe to podcasts and read them regularly on Twitter @ Espo or at Sports360AZ.com .
Physicists have created an MRI-like machine capable of making three-dimensional scans of single virus particles — a resolution 100 million times higher than previously possible .
The achievement is a step toward imaging individual proteins , the knotted molecules that assemble to form viruses and that play a central role in the chemistry of all life .
“ Our long-term dream is to have a technique that could look at the 3-D structure of molecules in your body such as proteins , ” says Daniel Rugar , a physicist with IBM Research at Almaden Research Center in San Jose , Calif . Currently , finding proteins ' 3-D shapes requires first crystallizing the proteins , a difficult and time-consuming step that hinders protein research . Rugar 's MRI-like technique , reported online January 12 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , might someday image individual particles without the need for crystallization .
Like MRI machines used i
I 've got a bunch of bug fixes for you ! Click here to download the next build ! If you 'd like to read a list of all the things that are fixed / changed in this build , scroll down past this absolutely gorgeous artwork by TheJennyPill !
Fixes and Changes
When students play games in the computer lab , they are supposed to shut the game off when they walk away from the computer . I 've fixed a bug that was preventing the students from properly shutting the game off when walking away from their computers during some circumstances .
It is no longer possible to tell a student to “ Go Away ” if they are currently walking from one place to another . It is now only possible to tell a student to “ Go Away ” if they have actually reached some destination that they intend to occupy for some time .
Previously , telling multiple students to “ Go Away ” would cause them to all travel to the exact same spot and attempt to occupy one position in space . Now , telling multiple students to “ Go Away ” causes them all to go to different spots .
Fixed bug that would cause the laptop girl to continue talking and animating even if time had stopped ( via pausing or taking a picture ) . Also , the girl 's speech will now slow down when Yandere Vision is active .
Previously , it was possible to speak to students in the middle of class . Now , students will tell you to hush and leave them alone if you try to speak to them while class is in session .
Attempted to fix bug that would cause students to be unable to pathfind towards destinations on the school 's second floor ( primarily affected the Martial Arts Club ) .
Fixed bug that would cause students to sit in midair if you told them to “ Go Away ” during a point in time when their schedule would cause them to sit in a chair .
Fixed bug that would allow Yandere-chan to put on a school uniform while they were still bloody if they removed a bloody club uniform while at their locker .
Telling a student to “ Go Away ” will no longer make them spend hours standing alone somewhere . They will now only “ Go Away ” for a maximum of 60 seconds .
Spaced out the lines of text in the Police Investigation Sequence so that the lines of text are no longer intersecting .
Students are no longer willing to perform favors for you if their next class begins in less than 30 minutes .
Fixed bug that would cause Occult Club members to die with books in their hands .
Removed strength value for a character who does n't fight back when attacked .
Reminder
By the way , you guys , PLEASE keep this information in mind : https : //yanderedev.wordpress.com/2016/01/15/please-stop/ I 've had to point dozens of people to that blog post over the past 2 days .
I think I had the same wooahhhhh coool reaction as so many others did when this tweet was going around :
The art of sentence length . Swoon pic.twitter.com/K91GEZTnKm — Lucy Foulkes ( @ lfoulkesy ) March 30 , 2016
Certainly , good writing is more than just varied sentence length , but this is a fantastic visualization that makes an excellent point . It would n't hurt to be able to see this kind of thing in our own writing , in an on-demand fashion while editing .
After tweeting that I was n't quite sure how best to go about it , a bunch of folks chimed in with their takes on how they would do it .
Dave took a crack at it within a single tweet . Their idea is essentially :
Loop through all paragraphs . Make an array of sentences by splitting the whole string on periods . Wrap each sentence in a span with a data attribute of how many words in that sentence .
The data attributes could then be used in CSS selectors to colorize . The idea did n't quite work as written , but I was able to extrapolate that idea into a working concept , if slightly more verbose :
See the Pen Sentence Colorizer by Chris Coyier ( @ chriscoyier ) on CodePen .
Note that this demo :
Does n't take into account almost any edge case . Note the hyphenated word fail there . Things like `` Mrs. Robinson '' would be an obvious edge case this does n't deal with .
Is n't particularly efficient .
Before we get too far here , It was pointed out several times to me that the UI shown in that tweet looks an awful lot like Hemmingway App .
Indeed it does . I wonder if it 's some kind of hidden feature or something ? I was n't able to find any sentence length colorizer feature poking around in there a bit . It highlights other things in useful ways though .
And speaking of highlighting sentences for useful alterior purposes , Tone Analyzer is an experiment to do that :
There is also an Angular JS lib that can be used to colorize arbitrary lengths of text :
Pim Derks created an actual bookmarklet to do the job ! Very cool .
I 'll post here for posterity :
javascript : ( function ( ) % 7Bvar % 20colors % 20 % 3D % 20 % 5B ' % 23faf5cb ' % 2C % 20 ' % 23fcd2fa ' % 2C % 20 ' % 23c7f4c9 ' % 2C % 20 ' % 23a7f3f1 ' % 5D % 3B % 5B % 5D.slice.apply ( document.querySelectorAll ( ' p % 2C % 20dt % 2C % 20dd % 2Cli ' ) ) .forEach ( function ( n ) % 7Bvar % 20s % 20 % 3D % 20n.innerHTML.split ( '. % 20 ' ) % 3Bs.forEach ( function ( s ) % 7Bvar % 20words % 20 % 3D % 20s.split ( ' % 20 ' ) % 2Clength % 20 % 3D % 20words.length % 3B % 7D ) % 3Bvar % 20r % 20 % 3D % 20 '' % 3Bs.map ( function ( s ) % 7Bvar % 20l % 20 % 3D % 20s.split ( % 22 % 20 % 22 ) .length % 2C % 20c % 3Bswitch ( l ) % 7Bcase % 201 % 3Acase % 202 % 3Ac % 20 % 3D % 20colors % 5B0 % 5D % 3Bbreak % 3Bcase % 203 % 3Acase % 204 % 3Acase % 205 % 3Acase % 206 % 3Ac % 20 % 3D % 20colors % 5B1 % 5D % 3Bbreak % 3Bcase % 207 % 3Acase % 208 % 3Acase % 209 % 3Acase % 2010 % 3Acase % 2011 % 3Acase % 2012 % 3Ac % 20 % 3D % 20colors % 5B2 % 5D % 3Bbreak % 3Bdefault % 3Ac % 20 % 3D % 20colors % 5B3 % 5D % 3Bbreak % 3B % 7Dr % 20 % 2B % 3D % 20 ' % 3Cspan % 20style % 3D % 22background-color % 3A ' % 20 % 2B % 20c % 20 % 2B % 20 ' % 22 % 3E ' % 20 % 2B % 20s % 20 % 2B % 20'. % 20 % 3C % 2Fspan % 3E ' % 3B % 7D ) % 3Bn.innerHTML % 20 % 3D % 20r % 3B % 7D ) % 7D ) ( )
I was able to get it to work :
I also un-URL Encoded it , and dropped it here in a fork of my Pen so you can take a look at the code more easily ( has some minor bugs like doubling up periods at the end ) :
See the Pen Sentence Colorizer by Chris Coyier ( @ chriscoyier ) on CodePen .
Brandon Brule took a crack at it :
See the Pen Highlight sentence length by Brandon Brule ( @ brandonbrule ) on CodePen .
I do like applying either styling or range-specific classes in JavaScript . The [ data-wc ] approach was hard because you have to be very explicit . You ca n't really do [ data-wc > 10 ] .
Antoinette Janus has a nicely-done take as well :
See the Pen Text Highlighter by Antoinette Janus ( @ acjdesigns ) on CodePen .
Jonathan Williamson created a demo with a textarea and the colorization is separate and updated as-you-type :
See the Pen Gary Provost by Jonathan Williamson ( @ jon-w1 ) on CodePen .
The original tweet was all about the beauty of varied sentence length . Beauty in how the writing feels and reads . It was n't really about the colors or visualization of it , that just served to explain the message . But the colors were kinda beautiful too .
In another bit of prior art here , Sanne Peters did some visualized poems that maps words to colors so you can see them as well as read them :
Also remember we 're no stranger to Boomarklets That Help With Text™ . A few years ago we tackled one that helped show you where an ideal line length for readability should land :
See the Pen Bookmarklet to make the text between 45 and 75 characters turn red . by Chris Coyier ( @ chriscoyier ) on CodePen .
And that is what an active tweet thread can bring !
On 3 November 2016 , the Home Office published a raft of changes to the Immigration Rules .
We have provided a summary of the key changes below .
Tier 2 visa
Changes to the skilled worker route have been made following recommendations made previously by the Migration Advisory Committee .
They apply to all Certificates of Sponsorship assigned on or after 24 November 2016 :
Increasing the Tier 2 ( General ) salary threshold for experienced workers to £25,000 , with some exemptions . Increasing the Tier 2 ( Intra-Company Transfer ) salary threshold for short-term staff to £30,000 . Reducing the Tier 2 ( Intra-Company Transfer ) graduate trainee salary threshold to £23,000 and increasing the number of places to 20 per company per year . Closing the Tier 2 ( Intra Company Transfer ) skills transfer sub-category .
Note there is yet to be an announcement on the date from which Intra Company Transfers will be liable for the Health Surcharge .
English Language Requirement for ‘ Families of Settled Person ' visa
The English Language requirement for non-EEA partners and parents has been raised to A2 .
The change affects applicants on a 5-year route to settlement under Appendix FM ( Family Members ) to the Immigration Rules , who are seeking to extend their stay in the UK after 2.5 years .
Partners and parents whose current leave under the family Immigration Rules is due to expire on or after 1 May 2017 are affected . Home Office expectation is that applicants use the 6 months to May to improve their English language skills sufficiently to meet the new A2 standard .
To meet the A2 requirement , applicants must either :
pass a speaking and listening test at level A2 or above provided by one of the approved test providers ( Trinity College London or IELTS SELT Consortium ) ; or
be a national of a majority English-speaking country or the holder of a degree taught or researched in English .
According to the Home Office , the change is intended to help families better integrate into the community through improved communication skills . It also supports progression towards the higher B1 level English language required for settlement .
The A2 test costs £150 per applicant .
Stated exemptions to the A2 requirement include :
Those aged 65 or over at the date of application .
Those with a disability preventing them from meeting the requirement .
In exceptional circumstances where applicants are prevented from meeting the requirement .
Tier 1 ( Entrepreneur ) visa
A number of technical changes are being made to the Tier 1 ( Entrepreneur ) application process , including :
Applicants supplying third party evidence do not need to meet the requirement for their bank statements to cover a consecutive 90-day period of time .
Applicants who are also accountants can not sign off their own accounts or funding evidence .
Applicants with funding from an endorsed Seed Funding Competition can provide a letter from an authorised official of the fund as confirmation that money is being made available for investment ( rather than a letter from an accountant as at present ) .
Clarification of the company 's register of members must come from Companies House .
Tier 1 ( Exceptional Talent ) visa
Changes are being made to the Tier 1 ( Exceptional Talent ) visa application , including :
Updated list of acceptable awards within the film , television , animation , post- production and visual effects industry , for endorsement under the Arts Council England criteria .
The limit of 1,000 Tier 1 ( Exceptional Talent ) places includes applicants who successfully apply under the equivalent Tier 1 ( Exceptional Talent ) route in the Isle of Man .
Evidence originating from the Isle of Man will be acceptable for the purposes of obtaining an endorsement from a Designated Competent Body under these Rules .
Additional Tier 2 ( General ) changes
From April 2017 , a sponsor will no longer be able to offer a job to a migrant 4 years after carrying out a ‘ milkround ' , without the need for a further recruitment search . Sponsors will be able to continue to rely on a milkround which ended up to 4 years prior to assigning a Certificate of Sponsorship , but only providing the migrant was offered the job within 6 months of that milkround taking place .
Following the MAC review on nursing shortages , nurses are being retained on the Shortage Occupation List . However a change is being made to require a Resident Labour Market Test to have been carried out before a nurse is assigned a Certificate of Sponsorship .
Applicants will no longer be able to switch from Tier 4 to Tier 2 where they are relying on a qualification obtained via supplementary study . An applicant switching from Tier 4 must have studied their course at a UK recognised body or a body in receipt of public funding as a higher education institution .
Minor changes have also been made to the Tier 5 Youth Mobility visa and Tier 5 maintenance funds .
Full details of the published changes can be found on the Home Office website .
'T is the season for Halloween-themed content in video games , and the developers of multiplayer horror game Dead by Daylight are taking the opportunity quite literally . Halloween 's Michael Myers and Laurie Strode — Jamie Lee Curtis ' character from John Carpenter 's 1978 film — are coming to the game as downloadable content this week , just in time for Halloween .
Michael Myers and Laurie Strode are coming to the game as a new playable killer and new playable survivor , respectively . The Halloween-themed DLC , which costs $ 6.99 , will also come with a new environment , Haddonfield .
Dead by Daylight is a multiplayer horror game in which one player assumes the role of a killer against four survivors whose goal is to survive and escape . Myers will be the game 's fifth playable killer and comes with their own set of perks , which are detailed at the game 's official website . Dead by Daylight is available for Windows PC via Steam .
For more on Dead by Daylight , check out Polygon 's gameplay video of the Behaviour Interactive and Starbreeze Studios game .
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Ed Miliband suffered a new blow today as an exclusive poll revealed that they are the most disliked of all the main party leaders .
Research by Ipsos MORI found Mr Miliband arouses more antipathy than any other leader , including Nick Clegg , with some 62 per cent of the public saying they do not like him . Their lack of popularity is in striking contrast with the public 's affection for the party they lead , because while only 30 per cent say they like him , 52 per cent like Labour — a huge 22-point gap .
The finding will increase concern among Labour MPs who report that Mr Miliband is increasingly being cited on the doorstep as a liability for Labour . Among Labour party supporters , Mr Miliband splits opinion down the middle , with just 49 per cent of people who intend to vote Labour saying that they like him , while 47 per cent do not .
David Cameron is more liked than other party leaders and is markedly more popular than their party . Some 39 per cent of people like the Prime Minister , while only 33 per cent like the Tory party . Among Conservative supporters , Mr Cameron is liked by an overwhelming 80 per cent .
Liberal Democrat leader Mr Clegg is marginally more liked than Mr Miliband , at 31 per cent , while 57 per cent dislike him . Like Mr Miliband , they are less popular than their party , which 40 per cent like .
Green party leader Natalie Bennett also scores below their party . They are liked by only 28 per cent , while their party is liked by 36 per cent .
Nigel Farage is more popular than Ukip , suggesting that they are an asset to their party . Some 30 per cent like him , while just 25 per cent like Ukip . The party is disliked by 64 per cent of people , making it the least popular of all the parties .
Gideon Skinner , head of political research at Ipsos MORI , said : “ It 's Labour 's party brand that is underpinning its vote , even among its own supporters , not the image of its leader .
“ Meanwhile , the Conservatives have the opposite problem — one barrier stopping their good economic ratings feeding into votes is simply that the party is even more disliked than it was going into 2010 . ”
Today 's poll reveals the Liberal Democrat vote is the softest , with 51 per cent of the party 's backers admitting that they may change their minds before polling day .
That compares with just 35 per cent of Conservative supporters , whose vote was most firm . Labour was in between with 42 per cent .
The NHS has slipped in importance to voters , following the easing of the winter A & E crisis . It is still the number one issue , but the proportion citing it as important to their vote has fallen from 45 per cent in February to 38 per cent .
The economy is in second place at 31 per cent , followed by education and migration , both on 25 per cent .
Energy : a policy goes wanting 13/10/2014
Follow @ eureferendum
The Sunday Telegraph also given In a very unusual development yesterday , we saw the story carried by Booker inalso given front page treatment in the paper ( pictured above ) . It also got page two in the Mail on Sunday
Today , it is being carried by
There is no great need to repeat all the content of these pieces – much has already been covered in the Booker piece – but it is worth remarking , of the two pieces in the Telegraph , how in over 2,000 comments , so few people actually addressed the issues .
Mention climate change , of course , and this triggers the same ongoing debate that we have been seeing for years – endless repeating the same points - the participants oblivious to the fact that the pieces on which they were commenting were actually about energy policy .
Then , the highest scoring comments were of those that wanted to tell us that an ex-Conservative minister talking about energy was a good reason to vote UKIP . More than a few wanted to convince us that
From the hostility exhibited by some critics to Mr Paterson 's policy ideas , one felt that some UKIPites were trying to hide their own embarrassment at being caught out . Seeing what a real energy policy looked like , as opposed to the pastiche they had to offer , they were trying their best to demolish it .
And then there are those who either do n't understand – or wilfully misunderstand – demand management . Because it has been hijacked by the greens to deal with wind variability , they seem unaware that the primary purpose of the systems , many developed in the free market US , was better asset management , to bring down supply costs and prices to the consumer .
It is a pity that the best explanations of one technique – dynamic response – are in the Guardian ,
Then , there is CHP . Interestingly , we can get people talking knowledgably about CCGTs , and other elements of the alphabet soup , but these three initials seem to defeat the commentariat . That the UK has the lowest uptake of CHP of all the major economies in the EU – apart from France – has to tell you something .
Yet , those who were n't trying to diss the system because Helmer had n't thought of it – along with all the other things they had n't thought of – were trying to misrepresent it , or simply failing to understand what was on offer . Perhaps they should be convincing Perhaps Helmer to spend less time on theirs
As for mini-nukes , we 've had these commissioned in the UK for decades , in three separate locations to my knowledge – Harwell , Aldermaston and Derby - with no great drama . Tourists happily pay large sums to go to the North Pole , sitting on top of a nuclear reactor in a Russian icebreaker . Modern technology makes them fail-safe , and cogeneration makes them economic . But very few seemed to understand these points either .
Basically , though , we offered people a chance to discuss energy policy . And most of them talked about something else . Most that expressed a view simply aired their prejudices in an uninformed way that took us no further forward . Such people are quick to complain that the world is not to their liking but , if they ca n't rise to the challenge of discussing policy ideas sensibly , then they are not going to get what they want .
The essence of politics – as so many people seem to have forgotten – is that innovation usually comes from outside the system . Policy demands sensible debate , and if we do n't engage in the latter , we are not going to get the former . Instead , we will get what we are given – and the child-voter will prevail .
FORUM THREAD Today , it is being carried by The Times and the Evening Standard and I 've no doubt we will see more of this , as we close towards Wednesday , when Mr Paterson gives their lecture in London to the Global Warming Policy Foundation ( GWPF ) .There is no great need to repeat all the content of these pieces – much has already been covered in the Booker piece – but it is worth remarking , of the two pieces in the , how in over 2,000 comments , so few people actually addressed the issues.Mention climate change , of course , and this triggers the same ongoing debate that we have been seeing for years – endless repeating the same points - the participants oblivious to the fact that the pieces on which they were commenting were actually about energy policy.Then , the highest scoring comments were of those that wanted to tell us that an ex-Conservative minister talking about energy was a good reason to vote UKIP . More than a few wanted to convince us that this - Helmer 's attempt at an energy policy - was anything other than derivative , out of date , and a vague , aspirational mish-mash.From the hostility exhibited by some critics to Mr Paterson 's policy ideas , one felt that some UKIPites were trying to hide their own embarrassment at being caught out . Seeing what a real energy policy looked like , as opposed to the pastiche they had to offer , they were trying their best to demolish it.And then there are those who either do n't understand – or wilfully misunderstand – demand management . Because it has been hijacked by the greens to deal with wind variability , they seem unaware that the primary purpose of the systems , many developed in the free market US , was better asset management , to bring down supply costs and prices to the consumer.It is a pity that the best explanations of one technique – dynamic response – are in the here and here . Despite that , you would think some critics could transcend their own ideologies – and prejudices – and spend the time to find out more about the value of such systems , but apparently not . Presumably , they want to spend more on plants that are built to run , on average , for less than ten percent of the time.Then , there is CHP . Interestingly , we can get people talking knowledgably about CCGTs , and other elements of the alphabet soup , but these three initials seem to defeat the commentariat . That the UK has the lowest uptake of CHP of all the major economies in the EU – apart from France – has to tell you something.Yet , those who were n't trying to diss the system because Helmer had n't thought of it – along with all the other things they had n't thought of – were trying to misrepresent it , or simply failing to understand what was on offer . Perhaps they should be convincing Perhaps Helmer to spend less time on their leisure pursuits As for mini-nukes , we 've had these commissioned in the UK for decades , in three separate locations to my knowledge – Harwell , Aldermaston and Derby - with no great drama . Tourists happily pay large sums to go to the North Pole , sitting on top of a nuclear reactor in a Russian icebreaker . Modern technology makes them fail-safe , and cogeneration makes them economic . But very few seemed to understand these points either.Basically , though , we offered people a chance to discuss energy policy . And most of them talked about something else . Most that expressed a view simply aired their prejudices in an uninformed way that took us no further forward . Such people are quick to complain that the world is not to their liking but , if they ca n't rise to the challenge of discussing policy ideas sensibly , then they are not going to get what they want.The essence of politics – as so many people seem to have forgotten – is that innovation usually comes from outside the system . Policy demands sensible debate , and if we do n't engage in the latter , we are not going to get the former . Instead , we will get what we are given – and the child-voter will prevail .
After thorough testing and evaluation , it has been determined that the best solution for James Blackmon Jr. , and their immediate and long-term health , is to undergo surgery on their right knee this afternoon that they injured last week in practice . They are second on the Hoosiers in scoring ( 15.8 ) , which also ranks 10th in the Big Ten . They are third in the league in 3-point field goals made per game ( 2.8 ) and seventh in 3-point field goal percentage ( 46.3 ) . In their two seasons with the Hoosiers , IU is 21-0 anytime they shoot 47.0 percent or higher from the field.A final determination of their status could be known as early as later today ( Jan. 5 ) , but it is expected that they will not play again this season . `` This is a very tough outcome for our Indiana team , but most importantly for James , '' said IU Coach . `` He is establishing themselves as one of the most elite guards in the country this season . I feel terrible for them and they have a tough road ahead of them but it is one they have been down before and we fully believe that this process will lead them to have an incredible future in the game at Indiana and well beyond . We look forward to helping them with their full recovery and I know they appreciate everyones thoughts , prayers and concerns . `` He had surgery this past summer on their left knee that kept them out of some summer workouts and had fully recovered .
Cuba confirmed oil deposits ; U.S. companies uninterested
WSJ/NOAA
HAVANA
Petroleumworld.com 05 07 2015
Cuba unveiled new data on Wednesday it said confirmed there were billions of barrels of oil beneath its Gulf of Mexico waters but admitted there was little interest in new exploration even with the thaw in U.S. relations .
The United States and Cuba have vowed to restore diplomatic relations after more than 50 years of animosity , but the comprehensive U.S. trade embargo remains in place .
While U.S. tourism , transportation and agriculture companies position themselves for Cuban business , oil companies have proven less eager since three exploratory wells came up dry in 2012 . Low oil prices and new opportunities in Mexico 's liberalized oil sector are also seen depressing interest .
`` Despite the opening we have n't encountered U.S. company interest , '' Pedro Sorzano , commercial director of state oil monopoly CubaPetroleo ( Cupet ) , told reporters at Cuba 's annual geological sciences convention .
Cuba hopes the discovery of oil offshore will free it from dependence on other countries , such as socialist ally Venezuela currently and the Soviet Union previously .
Cupet Exploration Director Rafael de Jesus Tenreyro said the new data would be presented at various international events .
`` The study confirms the zone 's potential , '' they said .
For over a decade Communist-run Cuba has asserted its Exclusive Economic Zone off the northwest coast holds more than 20 billion barrels of undiscovered crude .
The U.S. Geological Survey has estimated a more modest 5 billion to 7 billion barrels .
A dozen foreign firms have explored over the years and only the Venezuelan state oil firm PDVSA and Russia 's state-run Zarubezhneft still retain exploration rights , said Roberto Suarez Sotolongo , Cupet 's co-director .
Jorge Pinon , an expert on Cuban oil at the University of Texas who attended the closed-door meeting , praised Cuba for putting `` a great deal of time and effort '' into the new data but said it should be reviewed by outside experts .
The lack of U.S. interest so far was to be expected , they said .
`` Besides the embargo there are three challenges for the Cubans . The low price of oil , new opportunities in Mexico 's waters and their failure to date , '' Pinon said .
Some foreign companies are helping Cuba extract more oil along the traditional northwest heavy oil belt , a 200-mile ( 320-km ) stretch of the northern coast from Havana to Villa Clara and reaching up to 3 miles ( 5 km ) offshore . It produces poor quality oil that meets 40 percent of the country 's needs .
Venezuela sends Cuba 115,000 barrels of oil per day under favorable terms .
Story by Marc Frank from Reuters . Editing by Daniel Trotta and Ted Botha .
A film changed Ryan Dyment 's life .
The Toronto man watched the Zeitgeist : Addendum in March 2009 and then quit their corporate finance job shortly after . The film series paints a vivid picture of how society came to be the way it is , points out its dysfunction , and promotes a complete overhaul of our economic system . It suggests that there is no greedy human nature per se , only human behavior . It insists that reliance on our monetary system is the source of all of our troubles : crime , environmental destruction and psychological disconnection . It insinuates that most people are lulled into complacency within the capitalist system , toiling endlessly to pay their debts to invisible lenders who never owned the money in the first place .
The film posits a solution : abolishing the monetary system and developing a new way of life where technology is utilized to share the world 's resources equally .
At the end of the film , there is a call to action — join the Zeitgeist movement . Dyment was intrigued . “ It offered a solution to how a society would function that is sustainable , ” they say . They wanted to explore the ideas in the film with others , so they called a meeting in a local pub . Thirty people showed up . Since then , the Toronto Zeitgeist chapter has expanded — more than 1,000 people are on the mailing list . They hold workshops and events , and even hosted acclaimed physician Dr. Gabor Maté as a keynote speaker in Toronto at their last Z-Day conference , a global day of awareness for the Zeitgeist movement .
For someone with a background in accounting and finance , the idea of an economic system without money was a difficult pill to swallow . Dyment started reading intensely — more than 150 books on the subject — as the idea of a resource-based economy began to appeal to them more and more . “ I had to come to terms with that , ” they say of the idea to eliminate money altogether . “ We can change the money system . There are other alternatives . What we 're doing is essentially saying we do n't need money . ”
The Zeitgeist movement requires a commitment to change , not always easy if one is fully enmeshed in the market economy . After Dyment quit , they worked at a non-profit also in finance before launching their own non-profit , the Institute for A Resource-Based Economy ( IRBE ) , with some likeminded people from the movement .
“ We do similar stuff that Zeitgeist was doing as a chapter , but we 're able to scale it a little better as an organization . It makes us a little bit more reputable in the public eye , ” they say .
IRBE has the same general agenda as Zeitgeist , but on a more manageable , project-based scale . Their first major initiative has been the Tool Library , a Parkdale facility where members can borrow tools without having to purchase or rent them . Last week , the Library signed up their 87th member , and they recently received operational grants from the Ontario Trillium Foundation and the Home Depot Canada Foundation .
“ We get new people in the shop all the time . Our main supporters appear to be younger men and women ( about 50/50 split ) between the ages of 25-35 . There are also a bunch of young families who are fixing up their homes and want access to the place , ” they say .
Tool libraries are good for the environment because fewer tools need to be made , and it 's easier on the wallet for the average person . “ As we increase that ability to share things , using fewer and fewer resources , that automatically makes things more abundant . And when things are more abundant , then they 're cheap . You do n't need money as much . You do n't need to make as much money . And eventually we will get to the point where we do n't need money at all in the society . Because everything is just abundant . That would be the idea , to share everything . ”
This includes sharing food . “ We have the food to feed double the population we have . It 's not a population problem , but we have a system that perpetuates it , ” says Dyment . “ You 've got these farmers that make this corporation-friendly food , there 's a lot of waste in the system and it 's profitable . It 's more profitable to throw it away than it is to give to people who ca n't eat . It 's a false scarcity , but it 's built upon an economic system that rewards scarcity . The more scarce a thing is , the higher you can charge , the higher you can charge , the higher your stock prices are , the more you get paid . There are all these incentives that perpetuate this idea of scarcity even though it 's not real . ”
Scarcity or not , we still live in a culture where money and possessions indicate status . Eradicating the desire for status is a tall order indeed . Dyment feels that humanity will have to come to grips with sharing resources equitably in order to survive .
Timothy Nash is a Toronto-based economist and President of Strategic Sustainable Investments . While they agree with some of the tenets of the Zeitgeist movement , they feel that it can veer towards extremes .
“ It paints the term ‘ capitalism ' with a very wide brush . It 's used interchangeably with greed , Wall Street , and so on . It can be taken in pretty awful directions , ” they say . They feel that making measured , incremental changes to our lifestyles will “ build resilience ” within our economy , making us less reliant on the monetary system and more efficient in utilizing other forms of capital : human ( including health and education ) , social ( trust and community ) and natural ( the environment ) .
While they doubt that sharing personal items ( such as clothing ) will catch on , they see the folly and shortsightedness in placing one 's self-image in their possessions . “ I 'm a fan of the middle path , and I think personal identity is a huge part of private ownership . However , having something like a luxury car as a status symbol , for me , is quite foolish. ” They believe an initiative like the tool library makes a lot of sense . “ I think having a shared resource — in that context — is brilliant . ”
IRBE 's mission is to transition to a resource-based economy , one project at a time : “ The premise upon which this system is based is that the Earth is abundant with plentiful resources if we apply our technological knowledge appropriately and live in accordance with the Earth 's natural replenishment rates . ”
Dyment claims we can all live quite comfortably in this situation , eradicating fossil fuels in lieu of renewable energy sources , and changing the food economy to provide for everyone .
“ We can provide for people 's needs . As far as we can tell , in terms of how much we waste , everybody could be living a much higher quality of life . There 's enough energy out there for all life , there are enough resources if we share them . What scarcity do we really have ? Obviously some , because we live on a finite planet . But it requires a shift in how we manage these resources and how we could do that sustainably , ” they say .
IRBE 's plans for the near future include the launch of the Toronto Timebank , an online service exchange forum . For example , a graphic designer could exchange two hours of graphic design work for two hours of plumbing work , or vice versa . The bank riffs off of the ‘ time is money ' mantra , but eliminates money entirely .
As for the Tool Library ?
“ We are also going to be opening up a second location this fall in the East Side ( Danforth and Coxwell ) , ” says Dyment . “ That space will also host a workshop with some of the bigger tools that were donated and ca n't really be signed out easily , as well as a makerspace with 3D printers , a laser cutter and more . ”
The transition to a resource-based economy will not come overnight , but Dyment believes it must come . They say our very survival depends on it .
This article first appeared on Yonge Street .
It was only a matter of time before someone came up with this hack . Instead of dropping an arm and a leg on some high-falutin ' Simmons rig , you can now utilize your Rock Band drum kit to bone up on your `` In the Air Tonight '' fills . A gentleman named Andrew Rudson has taken the kit out of the game , turned it into a proper instrument , and is calling it Drum Machine . Using a `` hack '' to get the set playing nice with Windows , Andrew has augmented the experience by creating a drum `` brain '' that lets you assign sounds to the pads , a slick 3D interface which allows you to watch an on-screen representation of your kit in action , and a record / playback component so that you can review and / or show off your killer performances . Check the video after the break to see what we mean , and then hit up Andrew 's site for the software . [ Thanks , Graham ]
Britain 's top police officer Cressida Dick said the vast majority of Londoners support increased police stop-and-search powers to combat “ outrageous ” levels of knife crime in the capital .
Met police commissioner Ms Dick reaffirmed their commitment to driving down the epidemic - which has seen 14 murders from knife-related attacks in the past four weeks - after coming face-to-face with families in Wandsworth , a borough where three people have been stabbed to death this month .
It came as the latest victim , a 20-year-old man , was stabbed to death in front of their horrified girlfriend , according to witnesses , as the couple walked back to their car from a cinema in Romford .
Witnesses said the young man was ambushed and chased by a gang of youths following a matinee screening at the Brewery Shopping Centre .
Speaking at the Ashburton Youth Centre in Putney , the commissioner said : “ I 've been talking a lot about stop and search in the past five weeks and very few people say they do n't want them or are concerned about them .
“ It appals me to think young people are losing their lives in this way , it 's outrageous . However you measure it there is too much of it .
“ If police carrying stop and search can help to stop that then the vast majority of people will be very supportive . ”
They promised more officers in schools in every area of London to help build relationships with young people after being told children as young as six were carrying blades on some housing estates , because they “ feel naked ” without them .
The commissioner said : “ It 's outrageous to hear a six-year-old is carrying a knife , for whatever reason .
“ It 's extraordinarily young . It 's important that our message on the danger of knives gets through to them at an early age , including in primary schools . ”
Ms Dick said youngsters often carry knives for “ some kind of respect , some kind of kudos ” , but added : “ I do accept there are places where some of our young people are scared and they feel it makes sense to carry a knife .
“ I can say as long as I live that it does not make them safer . They may not hear that message from me - we need to get people in communities , people in schools , parents understanding and helping young people to understand that it will end in tragedy , probably , for them . ”
Ms Dick also held a private meeting with the family of Lewis Elwin , a 20-year-old trainee electrician who was stabbed to death last year next to Sadiq Khan 's Tooting home .
Their mother Sharon , urged witnesses to come forward and catch the killer of their son , saying : “ We hope this is the start of solving the problem because no mother should go through this , people are fed up - we 've had enough . ”
The latest killing took place at around 4.30pm yesterday .
Desperate passers-by administered first aid before the man was rushed to hospital .
But doctors could not save them and they were pronounced dead an hour later .
Jodie Freeman , 22 , who gave the victim CPR , said : “ He had been stabbed on their left side , either in the heart or close to it .
“ He was trying to speak but they did n't manage to say anything . They were struggling to breathe . ”
They added : “ I 'm emotionally in shock , I feel guilty about it because I could n't do more .
“ Washing their blood off my hands has got to be the worst moment of my life . I 'm so sorry I could n't save him . ”
Four men were today being questioned on suspicion of murder at separate east London police stations .
The killing happened yards from where Joshua Acheampong , 19 , was repeatedly stabbed outside Nandos restaurant in May 2014 .
Okay , this one was definitely from the Hyatt bar last night in San Diego Comic-Con . Or , rather , the big smoking area outside . A great place to pick up tips , for pro to ask fellow pro about their respective salaries and to plot all manner of remuneration .
And it was in such a conversation that a source learned that a number of the announced artists for the DC Masterclass/Dark Matter comic books already announced ( but already slipping back the schedule ) have only signed on to their respective books for three issues each . And then that 's it , done .
The Dark Matter books are a Dan DiDio-initiative to launch a few new books without the inevitable non-interest that the conservative superhero audience usually reserves for such books , by tieing them into a line-wide event and giving them some of the biggest names in the industry , with artists who move the needle . So The Silencer has John Romita Jr , Sideways has Kenneth Rocafort , The Immortal Men has Jim Lee , Damage has Tony S Daniel , New Challengers has Andy Kubert and the like . Which naturally merited a lot of reaction .
It may be a way to keep the schedules fresh and fast . It may also have been a way to get as big as names as possible on the announcement , without totally depriving the regular DC Rebirth titles of key talent . And of course , creators are free to sign up for another three issues , I 'm sure . But from what folks were saying , I would n't be expecting long creative runs on these titles…
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool . Father of two . Comic book clairvoyant . Political cartoonist .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
This is a familiar sight in New York City , a food deliveryman going the wrong way on a one-way street on their bicycle . ( Photo : CBS 2 )
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — Imagine a New York City where restaurant delivery workers on bicycles stay off sidewalks and ride safely in the right direction . The City Council has a bold new plan to try to make that happen .
They have food on the move , bike riders in such a hurry to deliver it they zigzag and sometimes crash .
“ They 're like maniacs they cut you off , ” West Side resident Angel Rivera said .
“ You have to get out of their way , ” a woman named “ Mary ” told CBS 2 's Dave Carlin on Wednesday .
1010 WINS ' John Montone reports https : //cbsnewyork.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/deliveries-640a-montone-w-35-ppilato.mp3
Carlin witnessed bad bike behavior and laws broken , including delivery guys going the wrong way on one-way streets . Other violations include no reflectors or lighting at night , no bell and no or inadequate brakes .
“ These bicyclists have to wear helmets . They have to wear reflective vests . They have to have bells on their bikes , lights on the bikes . Most importantly , they must obey the rules of the road , ” City Councilman James Vacca said .
Vacca , who heads the Transportation Committee , is introducing tough new rules , more enforcement officers and more severe penalties for those on bikes and also owners of the restaurants .
“ There will be fines involved , ” Vacca said .
Anthony Manatakis of Uncle Nick 's said they and other owners should not be punished because many of them are teaching delivery workers to obey the laws . Some have even posted signs to let the public know solutions are being rolled out — before more people get rolled over .
“ We do n't need any more enforcement . We need education , ” Manatakis said .
Right now , fines start at $ 100 and only apply to the cyclists . The new rules and fines will be worked out ahead of public City Council hearings set to start next month .
Please offer your thoughts in the comments section below …
The latest wave of Islamic refugees to Scandinavia has surprisingly brought more converts to Swedish churches , which otherwise had been losing their flocks at an alarming rate . However , the fresh converts are by their own admission subjected to pressure and threats from radical Muslims .
© Sputnik / Vladimir Presnya Swedes Lost Their Fear of God
According to Ingvar Briland , a priest in the parish of Jönköping , the converts are exposed to a great risk of being persecuted by their former fellow Muslims . Earlier this year , Christians were reported to have run extra risks at Swedish refugee accommodations , which mostly house Muslims . Therefore , the number of converts remains a secret , together with their identities .
`` I personally know victims who have been subjected to fairly intense pressure , '' Briland told Swedish national broadcaster SVT . According to him , a convert is additionally forced to forgo their or their circle of friends , which is an extra stress factor .
Ali and Rami , both converts who fled the war in Syria , admitted in an interview with SVT to having received numerous threats . Both came into contact with the Christian faith through the church 's refugee work and were impressed by its selflessness .
`` They began to pray for all people regardless of their background or religion . I thought that those who pray without getting anything for it must be led by a higher force , and I tried to find out what it was , '' Ali said , explaining why they had chosen to convert despite threats from Muslim radicals . `` They insinuated that they would kill anyone who dares to leave the religion . This also means being excluded from the community you belong and becoming an object of hate , '' Ali confessed . According to him , many of their fellow converts have been forced to keep everything secret .
© Photo : Pixabay Swedish Evangelical Church to Bomb Daesh With Bibles
Today , the numerous risks that refugee converts to Christianity endure is being discussed by the Swedish Church in various parts of the country .
`` If you do not have a residence permit and are forced to return to your home country , it is conceivable that this may prove extremely tough , '' Ingvar Briland said .
However , Swedish priests also noted rumors circulating in refugee accommodations that it may be easier to obtain a residence permit in Sweden if you change your religion to Christianity , which is not true .
`` It 's always hard to know , since there are no instruments to measure the authenticity of such a decision , '' Ingvar Briland said . Currently , the Swedish Church tries to inform Muslims who wish to convert to Christianity about the risks that converts are most often exposed to .
Over the past years , the Swedish Church has been losing its congregation . In June and July alone , over 18,000 former believers left the church , citing disappointment and financial issues , the Swedish tabloid newspaper Aftonbladet reported . In August , the Church of Sweden landed in hot water again for urging its flock to abstain from wearing crosses in public as it may be perceived as offensive to proponents of other religions . This was the Swedish clergy 's reaction to a Facebook group named Mitt Kors ( `` My Cross '' ) , where users upload images of crosses to mark their sympathy for their fellow Christians that are being persecuted worldwide . This faux pas is expected to cost the Swedish Church another pack of devout believers .
​The process of leaving church was greatly sped up by a web service that makes it possible to `` unsubscribe '' from the Swedish Church by simply filling out a form . The Swedish tax system deducts one percent of the salary of registered parishioners as a tithe .
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - One of the main western-backed rebel groups announced on Sunday that it had dissolved itself and joined a larger Islamist alliance , weeks into a battle which saw it lose ground and men to more powerful al Qaeda insurgents .
Hazzm is one of the last remnants of non-jihadist opposition to President Bashar al-Assad in northern Syria , much of which has been seized by the Nusra Front and Islamic State , an offshoot of al Qaeda that controls roughly a third of Syria .
The statement posted online said its fighters would join the Shamiyah Front , an alliance of Islamist brigades in Aleppo , to prevent further bloodshed .
The decision comes after heavy weekend fighting between it and the Nusra Front , al Qaeda 's official Syria wing . Both Hazzm , which is part of the Free Syria Army collection of mainstream rebel groups , and Nusra fight the government .
Hazzm has received what it describes as small amounts of military aid from foreign states opposed to Assad , including U.S.-made anti-tank missiles . But it has lost ground to better armed and financed jihadists .
On Saturday , the Nusra Front drove Hazzm out of a strategic northern Regiment 46 base in Aleppo province and killed around 30 of its fighters , said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , which tracks the conflict .
The weakness of the mainstream Syrian opposition has complicated diplomatic efforts to end the conflict that has killed around 200,000 people .
United Nations peace mediator Staffan de Mistura met with Syrian officials on Saturday and Sunday to discuss a freeze in the fighting in Aleppo .
De Mistura has said Syria has expressed a willingness to halt all aerial and artillery bombing in the city for six weeks .
They said Damascus would announce the start date of the local ceasefire . Their office said on Sunday a mission had been sent to Aleppo to ensure humanitarian aid could increase significantly once the freeze was announced , and to monitor any violation of the freeze .
Get the biggest Swansea stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
JOE ALLEN 'S incredible year continued after being named Wales ' top player – and now Chris Coleman is hoping their success continues against Scotland .
Playmaker Allen , 22 , has made their first start for their country , made a huge impression on the Premier League with Swansea City and became Wales ' most expensive player when they sealed a £15m move to Liverpool all in the last 12 months .
And their continued rise was recognised when they were named Welsh Player of the Year at the FAW annual awards dinner at the National Museum in Cardiff .
Allen was also named Club Player of the Year for their exploits with the Swans , while Celtic 's Adam Matthews won the Young Player of the Year prize .
Now Wales boss Coleman , under pressure after the two defeats to open this World Cup qualifying campaign , is desperate for Allen to show their worth come Friday night 's celtic clash with winless Scotland , saying : “ He was born for the highest level . ”
VR splatfest Shooty Fruity is coming to PlayStation VR , Oculus Rift and HTC Vive on 19th December .
Shooty Fruity challenges players to complete day-to-day supermarket shifts , while fending off mutant fruit with a large arsenal of weapons including grenades , C4 launchers , shotguns and revolvers . Players can purchase new weapons in the staff room , as well as customise and test their load out .
Some of the jobs players undertake include serving in the canteen and scanning items at the checkout - but the imminent fruit attack makes things a little more complicated .
Eurogamer 's Vic Hood ( hello ! ) previewed the manic VR title back in August ( that 's me ) , finding it frustratingly challenging but fun - one for the whole family to argue about over the holiday season .
Shooty Fruity will flash up as £15.99 at the checkout . Those who pre-order the game or buy it over Christmas get a few extra bits including an Explody Bear grenade and a Golden Guns skin pack .
PowerSiesta is the best way to sleep while traveling on planes , trains , or buses . With PowerSiesta you 'll sleep better , deeper , and longer without back or neck strain – so you can arrive at your destination feeling refreshed and ready to go !
PowerSiesta is eco-friendly , lightweight , and easy to use . Just pop it open , wrap your arms around it , rest your head on top , and relax .
PowerSiesta 's ergonomic shape — designed by an actual rocket scientist — works with the natural form of your body to alleviate muscle tension , so you can rest more deeply .
Simply open , fit the inside flaps together , place on top of your tray table and relax ! When you 're done simply fold it flat and slip it in your laptop bag or carry-on luggage with no extra bulk . Embark on your adventure well-rested and refreshed !
Because sleeping while traveling should n't be a nightmare ! Are n't you tired of sleeping on planes with your head flopped back and your mouth wide open ? Of waking up with your face buried deep into a stranger 's shoulder ? Are n't you tired of arriving at your destination TIRED and aching all over from uncomfortable sleep ? Of course you are – and so are your fellow passengers !
Say no to uncomfortable , embarrassing sleeping positions wreaking havoc on your wellbeing – and just say sí to PowerSiesta ! PowerSiesta lets you sleep ( almost ) wherever , and whenever you like , in unparalleled comfort . The sturdy , ergonomically-designed PowerSiesta ensures you get the high quality sleep you need , so you can relax completely and arrive at your destination looking fresh as a daisy , and feeling like a million bucks . Designed by travelers for travelers , PowerSiesta has worried about all the technical bits – so you can just focus on having an awesome nap .
You can also upgrade your PowerSiessta with this washable , ultra-compact and comfy slide-on pillow that makes napping on the go even more comfortable and easy . It 's your PowerSiesta , upgraded ! Just add $ 5 for every slide-on PowerSiesta pillow you 'd like to receive ,
When simply looking at PowerSiesta for the first time , some doubt its ability to support high quality sleep . But after trying it out , users ' feedback has all been the same : that the PowerSiesta napper is an incredibly comfortable tool they would happily add to their travel essentials .
Get the sleep of your dreams — no matter how you choose to get there . PowerSiesta can be used in various ways depending on mode of transportation and preference . From commuting train journeys to long haul flights – wherever you go , PowerSiesta is ready to come along with you .
With a pillow or folded jacket or scarf on top , travelers can wrap their arms around it , rest their head and drift off to dreamland for hours at a time
PowerSiesta is the simple , lightweight , and affordable solution for comfortable napping on the go . Ergonomically designed to allow your head to rest at a natural angle , PowerSiesta protects your neck and shoulders from unnecessary strain and damage . When not in use , the lightweight PowerSiesta is the size of a magazine , easy to take with you wherever you go . Then , when it 's time for another siesta , it pops open in seconds .
Other solutions are not only uncomfortable , embarrassing and bulky , but many are also made with materials that have a negative impact on the environment . Typical neck pillows are usually made with PET synthetic stuffing ; polyurethane memory foam that can emit VOCs and other harmful chemicals ; or polystyrene microbeads that are notoriously slow to biodegrade .
PowerSiesta is the comfortable , easy-to-clean , and environmentally friendly alternative that you can use over and over again – a welcome change from old-fashioned plastic pillows or dorky inflatable doodads . It 's is made from high-grade corrugated cardboard which is durable enough to be used over and over and resists stains thanks to it 's smooth finish , but still 100 % recyclable .
Ca n't wait to get snoozing on the go in comfort ? Then join us on Kickstarter and get your hands ( and head ) on your very own PowerSiesta – we 've got a bunch of exciting rewards to ensure all your power nap needs are covered .
Whether you want one just for yourself , or share the gift of good napping with friends and family , we 'll have a reward to fit you like a pair of snug pajamas . Our reward packs range from early bird PowerSiestas to awesome multi-pack deals .
But be quick – do n't snooze and lose . Early power nappers get the best deals ! Get one for yourself , and for everyone you think deserve to nap comfortably , anytime and anywhere . Pledge now , pick the PowerSiesta deal of your dreams – and get ready to nap happily ever after .
Holiday shopping ? PowerSiesta makes a great gift ! While we wo n't be shipping in time for the 2016 holidays , drop us a line at martina @ powersiesta.com and we 'll email you an awesome PDF gift card so your friends and loved ones will have something to unwrap for the holidays !
Back this project to get your PowerSiesta . What are you waiting for ? Never have another uncomfortable flight again ! Join the sleep revolution and click that green button .
Friends do n't let friends sleep in funny positions while pics are being taken of them . So take a few seconds to share the love ( and the sleep ) with your friends , too :
Horacio Trucco , Martina Trucco and Luigi Gonzalez
We are PowerSiesta , LLC – a sustainable and socially responsible , family-owned design company with a passion for helping to make travelers ' journeys more comfortable . As frequent travelers ourselves , we know how difficult it can be to arrive at your destination feeling well-rested and refreshed when you 're sitting in economy class . Unsatisfied with other solutions on the market , we took it upon ourselves to come up with a more convenient and comfortable way to sleep on flights , buses , and trains .
We also want to make a positive impact on the world we live in . That 's why after the campaign , once our business is up and running , we 're committed to making donations to children 's shelters around the world , because we believe that everybody deserves a good night 's sleep .
Our first charitable partner will be Hogar Infantil Jesus Nazareno in Isabela , Puerto Rico .
We plan to expand contributions to the following organizations among other highly effective children 's charities :
Please note : per Kickstarter guidelines , we will not use this crowdfunding project to raise funds for charity . We plan to continue our commitment to social reponsbility outside of Kickstarter , and want to share our mission with our backer community .
We started with the mission of finding a better , more comfortable way to sleep while traveling . Horacio , an aeronautical engineer with over 50 years of experience and 10 issued and pending patents for their inventions , came up with the first idea for the PowerSiesta . They and Luigi then spent over 18 months of research and development optimizing the design of the PowerSiesta for maximum comfort in the simplest form possible .
Now , almost two years later after lots of ideation and extensive testing and prototyping , we 're thrilled to share our patent-pending PowerSiesta with you .
We ca n't wait to have your support ! Have questions or comments ? Please leave a comment or send us a message !
Try it . If you do n't love it , send it back . 100 % Money-Back guarantee .
Since 2012 , Backercamp has helped make over 5,000 projects possible .
Sen. Elizabeth Warren and President Donald Trump . ( Photos by Mark Wilson and Brendan Smialowski/Getty Images )
WASHINGTON ( CBS ) – A new poll looking ahead to the 2020 election finds President Donald Trump trailing a generic Democratic candidate , but not Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts .
The Politico/Morning Consult survey shows Trump beating Warren 42 percent to 36 percent , with 22 percent undecided . Trump loses to “ Democratic candidate ” 43 percent to 35 percent .
The poll was conducted after Warren made headlines by receiving a rare rebuke from the Senate for quoting a letter from Coretta Scott King during debate over Sen. Jeff Sessions ' nomination for attorney general .
Warren and Trump were frequent sparring partners during the campaign . They have referred to the senator as “ Pochahontas , ” referencing their claims of Native American heritage , while they have called them a “ thin-skinned racist bully . ”
The Massachusetts Democrat has their own re-election bid to worry about in the meantime . A WBZ-UMass poll last fall showed warning signs for Warren , leading possible challengers by just a few points .
The Politico/Morning Consult shows Warren with a 37 percent favorability rating , with 30 percent viewing them unfavorably .
Environmental campaign group finds ongoing symptoms of oil exposure in 14 species – from oysters to dolphins
Wildlife in the Gulf of Mexico still suffering four years after BP oil spill : report
The BP oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico caused dangerous after-effects to more than a dozen different animals from dolphins to oysters , a report from an environmental campaign group said on Tuesday .
Four years after the oil disaster , some 14 species showed symptoms of oil exposure , the report from the National Wildlife Federation ( NWF ) said .
`` The oil is not gone . There is oil on the bottom of the gulf , oil washing up on the beach and there is oil in the marshes , '' Doug Inkley , senior scientist for NWF , told a conference call .
At the top of the food chain , more than 900 bottlenose dolphins have been found dead or stranded in the oil spill area since April 2010 , when the BP well exploded . Last year , dolphins were still stranding at more than three times the average annual rates before the spill , the report said .
A study by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) in Barataria Bay , which was heavily oiled during the spill , found dolphins were underweight and anaemic , and showing signs of liver and lung disease .
`` These are top-level species that are in trouble , '' Inkley said . `` When you see sick dolphins like we do in Barataria Bay that tells you there is a problem and it needs to be examined even further . ''
Sea turtles have also been stranding at a higher rate since the spill , the report said . `` Roughly 500 stranded sea turtles have been found in the area affected by the spill every year from 2011 to 2013 . ''
Last month , NOAA researchers linked the oil from BP 's well to irregular heart beats in embryonic and newborn tuna . `` We can now say with certainty that oil causes cardiotoxicity in fish , '' Stanford University fish biologist Barbara Block told a press conference at the time .
BP has discounted the studies on dolphin and tuna .
The NWF report catalogued damage to other species from the spill from oysters – which showed declines in reproduction across large areas of the northern Gulf – to sperm whales , which have exhibited higher levels of metals than whales elsewhere .
NWF scientists said it could take years before the full effects of the oil spill on marine life were understood .
Much of the research on the effects of the spill is being gathered as evidence in legal proceedings that will attempt to set a dollar figure on the amount BP has to pay to restore the Gulf .
BP released a statement dismissing NWF 's findings . `` The National Wildlife Federation report is a piece of political advocacy – not science . Its cherry picks reports to support the organisation 's agenda , '' BP said .
× Expand Image by author
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker , a past and possibly future GOP presidential contender , has just tossed a dripping hunk of red meat to their party 's conservative base by appointing to the state Supreme Court a lawyer who believes affirmative action is as morally reprehensible as slavery and that allowing same-sex couples to wed “ will eventually rob the institution of marriage of any discernible meaning . ”
Attorney Daniel Kelly , named last Friday to fill a soon-to-be-vacant seat on the state Supreme Court , expressed these and other extreme views in a book chapter they submitted along with their application for the job .
Kelly 's appointment , which will continue the court 's 5-2 conservative majority , requires no legislative confirmation . They will not face voters until 2020 , at which time they will be able to run for a ten-year term .
Unlike the two other finalists for the position , Kelly , 52 , has no prior judicial experience . But they do come to the job with deep ties to conservative organizations and strongly held ideological positions that count as radical even among Republicans .
Kelly is the president of the Milwaukee Lawyer 's Chapter of the Federalist Society , a conservative legal group organized in opposition to what it calls “ orthodox liberal ideology which advocates a centralized and uniform society. ” They are the former vice president and general counsel for the Kern Family Foundation , a conservative philanthropic organization .
Kelly 's extreme views were expressed in a lengthy chapter from a 2014 book , John Rawls and Christian Social Engagement : Justice as Unfairness . After establishing that “ all authority ” derives from God himself , Kelly harshly attacks same-sex marriage and affirmative action programs that create racial preferences in employment , which they liken to slavery .
“ Affirmative action and slavery differ , obviously , in significant ways , ” Kelly conceded .
“ But it 's more a question of degree than principle , for they both spring from the same taproot . Neither can exist without the foundational principle that it is acceptable to force someone into an unwanted economic relationship . Morally , and as a matter of law , they are the same . . . . ”
The chapter also delivers a blistering critique of the U.S. Supreme Court 's 2013 ruling striking down the Defense of Marriage Act , which had defined marriage under federal law to exclude same-sex partners . Kelly refers to accommodation of same-sex marriage as “ coerced dignity ” and laments legal actions brought against a photography company in New Mexico and baker in Colorado who refused to perform services for same-sex ceremonies .
“ You will afford same-sex marriages the same dignity as heterosexual marriages , ” Kelly writes mockingly of efforts to insist that businesses open to the public refrain from discrimination . “ You will . If our governors are the source of our human dignity , fairness commands no less . ”
Kelly also writes that the sentiments expressed in the court 's ruling on the Defense of Marriage Act , issued prior to its 2015 ruling striking down all state laws against same-sex marriage , “ will eventually rob the institution of marriage of any discernible meaning . Fairness , as a substitute for justice , must always reduce to the least common denominator . By little and little , it will wear away marriage 's distinctives . ”
At a press conference Friday to announce their pick , Walker and Kelly both insisted that Kelly 's past writings and personal views would have absolutely nothing to do with how they do their job .
“ The oath that I will take will guarantee to you that my personal political beliefs and my political philosophy will have no impact on me whatsoever , ” Kelly said . “ Those things simply have no place inside a court of law . ”
When a reporter pointed out that Kelly included their writings about the law as it pertains to affirmative action and same-sex marriage in their application for the Supreme Court , Walker would n't let Kelly respond . Instead , they jumped in to explain that writings were provided by applicants because their office asked for them in the spirit of “ full disclosure . ”
“ I do n't want an activist judge for the left or for the right , ” Walker said .
Walker 's pick , announced late in the afternoon just prior to the weekend , has stirred only minimal attention in shell-shocked Wisconsin , which has seen wave after wave of power grabs under Walker and a GOP-dominated state legislature . But a few national news outlets , including The Daily Kos and ThinkProgress , have weighed in .
Kelly 's views on affirmative action and gay marriage were first reported by me on June 30 in Isthmus , a Madison weekly newspaper . They were not picked up by other state media until a Milwaukee Journal Sentinel story on July 21 , the day before Walker announced their pick and after they had apparently already made up their mind .
Among the questions Kelly has declined to answer is whether they believe that employers should have the right to refuse hire black people , given their moral revulsion to the idea that government may “ force someone into an unwanted economic relationship ” through affirmative action .
Nor has Kelly answered publicly whether they believe the U.S. Supreme Court 's ruling allowing same-sex marriage settled the question as a matter of law .
Bill Lueders is associate editor of The Progressive .
So much for roughing it !
New York City mommies with money to burn are hiring professional organizers to pack their kids ' trunks for summer camp — because their darlings ca n't live without their 1,000-thread-count sheets .
Barbara Reich of Resourceful Consultants says they and other high-paid neat freaks have been inundated with requests — and the job is no small feat .
It takes three to four hours to pack for clients who demand that they fit all of the comforts of home in the luggage , including delicate touches like French-milled soaps and scented candles .
At $ 250 an hour , the cost for a well-packed kid can run $ 1,000 .
“ I talked three people off the camp ledge , ” Reich told The Post . “ For a lot of mothers , particularly when their child is going away for the first time , it 's very stressful . Clients will say , ‘ I need to touch and feel the sheets for softness . ' ”
“ But these are the kinds of things they can control . They 're paying $ 10,000 for sleep-away camp , so they should n't feel so bad for their child . ”
At $ 250 an hour , the cost for a well-packed kid can run $ 1,000 .
Two years ago , they had one trunk request . Last year , they had five trunks , and this year , they have packed 10 trunks — and it 's not even Memorial Day .
Professional organizer Dayna Brandoff of Chaos Theory has at least four camp-packing requests on the books and expects at least 15 more in June .
Some of their clients have requested they recreate their child 's bedroom so they can feel completely at ease in their air-conditioned bunks .
“ It 's really about bringing the feel of home to camp , ” Brandoff told The Post .
“ A lot of the parents that I work with want to duplicate the bedding that they have at home . They 're sending plastic boxes and shelving to give their kids more space . ”
Social researcher Wednesday Martin says there 's a new crop of professionals who hyperfocus on catering to the administrative aspects of child-rearing .
“ Women who are Type A , hard-driving , competitive career moms — that is , being a mom is their career — can hire staff , assistants , professional organizers to help them do it better , ” they said .
The Via Technologies recycled cardboard-housed Android mini-PC received a Design and Innovation award at Computex 2013 earlier this month . The hackable $ 99 “ APC Paper ” and its internal $ 79 “ APC Rock ” motherboard run a custom Android 4.0 OS on an 800MHz Via WonderMedia ARM Cortex-A9 SoC , and offer 512MB RAM and 4GB flash , along with HDMI , USB , and Ethernet connections .
The original Neo-ITX form-factor APC ( Android PC ) single board computer ( SBC ) was announced in May 2012 by long-time x86 — and increasingly ARM — chip vendor Via Technologies . The APC shipped in mid-2012 for $ 49 . Designed to be competitive with hacker boards like the BeagleBone and Raspberry Pi , the open source APC board , which is now sold as the APC 8750 , has nourished a small community of hackers , many of them in education .
APC Paper mini-PC
( click image to enlarge )
In January , Via 's APC initiative announced a pair of upgraded designs : a recently shipped , more powerful APC Rock SBC , along with an APC Paper mini-PC that integrates the Rock . Both products are due to arrive in the third quarter of this year . Housed in recycled pressed cardboard reinforced with high-grade aluminum , APC Paper is otherwise functionally identical to the Rock except for its lack of a VGA port .
APC Rock SBC and its rear-panel I/O
( click images to enlarge )
At the Computex show in Taiwan earlier this month , APC Paper won a Design and Innovation award from the Taiwan External Trade Council ( TAITRA ) in cooperation with the International Forum Design Hannover . The award was given for the computer 's “ groundbreaking use of new types of materials and form factor , ” says Via .
“ This validates our vision of breaking the mold of traditional PC design using more environmentally-friendly materials and distinctive new form factors , ” says Richard Brown , VP of International Marketing at Via .
Inside the APC Paper
The APC Paper mini-PC packages the APC Rock SBC , which is based on Via 's Neo-ITX form-factor and measures 170 x 80mm . Like the Raspberry Pi , the Rock is equipped with an HDMI port and designed to be used with monitors , rather than touchscreens . The custom build of Android 4.0 has been optimized for keyboard and mouse input , and comes with a browser and a selection of preinstalled apps .
The Rock SBC integrates a faster Via WonderMedia ARM SoC , which although clocked at 800MHz like the APC 8750 , adopts the more powerful Cortex-A9 architecture that enables video resolutions up to 1080p rather than 720p . RAM stays the same at 512MB of DDR3 , but NAND flash has been doubled to 4GB , and more storage is possible on the microSD slot .
Via WonderMedia SoC block diagram
( click image to enlarge )
Instead of the APC 8750 's four USB 2.0 ports , the newer products offer two , but add a new microUSB port , and also add a 20-pin ARM-JTAG header for debugging . As before , you get 10/100 Ethernet , but WiFi must be added via USB .
Specifications listed for the APC Paper and APC Rock include :
Processor — WonderMedia ARM Cortex-A9 SoC @ 800MHz
Memory — 512MB RAM ; 4GB NAND flash ; microSD slot
Networking — 10/100 Ethernet
Other I/O : HDMI VGA ( available on Rock SBC , only ) 2x USB 2.0 MicroUSB ( OTG ) Audio-out , Mic-in 20-pin ARM-JTAG via header GPIO , SPI , and I2C via header
Dimensions — Rock 170 x 85mm ( Neo-ITX ) ; Paper 204 x 98 x 28mm
Operating system — Custom Android 4.0
Several reports , including one in Pete 's Blog and another on AgoControl have praised the APC Rock hardware , but have faulted Via for its custom Android build and support . Debian Linux has been ported to the device , but Via has yet to offer any help on compiling issues . Other reports such as one from The Deltas Blog are more positive . Still , the latter 's comparison with the Pi notes that while the APC Rock is faster , it 's also bigger , draws far more power ( 12W vs. 3.5W ) , and lacks the rich community and documentation available with the Pi .
If Via paid a bit more attention to the community approach that has made BeagleBoard.org and the Raspberry Pi Foundation so successful , they could have a winner on their hands , especially with the chic design of the APC Paper . Then again , you could say that about some of the other vendor-backed open board projects , as well .
In the YouTube video below , Richard Brown , Via 's VP of Marketing , introduces and discusses the original $ 49 Paper SBC .
APC Paper will be available early in Q3 for $ 99 , says Via . The $ 79 APC Rock appears to be available now , along with the $ 49 APC 8750 . More information , including links to open source firmware , documentation , and pin-out guides may be found at Via 's APC site .
A machete attack that injured two female police officers in the Belgian city of Charleroi Saturday appears to be an act of terrorism , officials said .
The assailant , who reportedly shouted `` Allahu Akhbar , '' the Arabic phrase meaning `` God is great '' , was shot by a third officer and later died of their inuries .
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel said the attacker 's identity and motive were not immediately known , but `` first indications '' suggested the attack was terror-related .
`` Thoughts are with the victims , their relatives and police officers , '' Michel posted on Twitter . The prime minister broke off their vacation in the south of France and was returning to Belgium for an emergency meeting of the government 's National Security Council on Sunday .
Sky News reported that one of the wounded officers suffered `` moderate '' injuries to their face , while the other was less seriously injured .
Michel told RTL television in an interview that they have also asked the independent OCAM agency to immediately assess whether there is an increased threat to Belgian internal security . Belgium has been on high alert in the wake of the March 22 suicide bombings claimed by the Islamic State extremist group that killed 32 people in Brussels .
Charleroi police spokesperson David Quinaux said Saturday 's attacker carried the weapon in a sports bag , and pulled it out as they arrived at a security checkpoint outside police headquarters in the southern Belgian city just before 4 p.m. ( 10 a.m . ET )
Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon said it was n't immediately clear whether the assault , which they denounced as an `` act of barbarism '' was the deed of a single person or something more elaborate .
`` We do n't know if this is the action of a lone wolf , '' Jambon told RTL . They said they had no information they could provide immediately on the identity or motivation of the attacker .
Belgium has been at Level 3 on a four-point terrorism alert scale since the attacks in Paris on Nov. 13 that killed 130 victims . Many of the Paris attackers , who pledged allegiance to the Islamic State group , lived in Belgium .
Last weekend , a 33-year-old man identified only as Nourredine H. was arrested on charges of participating in a terrorist group and planning `` terrorist murders '' following searches in the city of Liege and the Mons region .
The attack Saturday took place near a wooden building that had been erected outside the Charleroi police station to provide an additional layer of security .
Paul Magnette , the city 's mayor , said the checkpoint succeeded in preventing the machete-wielding man from reaching the building and causing more havoc . Magnette said that in the wake of the incident , Belgian authorities have begun discussing whether security for police facilities and officers should be reinforced further .
Steps were taken to better protect Belgian police installations after an ISIS-linked extremist plot was foiled in January 2014 in the eastern city of Verviers .
The Verviers plotters , two of whom were shot dead , had parts of police uniforms in their possession , and were believed to have been planning to attack a police station . But Jambon said Saturday that the increased security measures implemented after that incident have now lapsed .
Click for more from SkyNews.com .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
news Spotted : Teach-Out at U of T
A University of Toronto professor makes a bold show of support for CUPE 3902 strikers .
WHERE : Convocation Hall , University of Toronto
WHEN : Tuesday , March 24 , at approximately 10:45 a.m .
WHAT : University of Toronto professor Dan Dolderman hosting class outdoors as a symbolic gesture of solidarity with CUPE 3902 picketers .
Over the weekend , members of the union that represents the university 's graduate student instructors and teaching assistants voted against a second tentative agreement with the university , continuing the strike that has been ongoing since March 2 . Tensions continue to be high on campus , but outdoor class with a thoughtful prof can go a long way .
Spotted features interesting things our readers discover in their journeys across Toronto . If you spot something interesting , send a photo and pertinent details to [ email protected ] .
This month 's Subscriber Flair is the second item in the Puglisi Collection ! Since 2928 , the Puglisi Collection invites you to discover the vast wonders of the universe without stepping off-world . Named after the explorer and author , our elite team of historians , scientists and explorers search the Empire and beyond to carefully select and procure items . Each artifact is delivered in an impact-resistant , museum-quality display case designed to not only protect , but present these important artifacts to you and your guests .
The Puglisi Collection is excited to announce the second in their line of artifacts – a piece of armored plating off a Vanduul Scythe ! Following the discovery of X12 , a Vanduul carrier-ship found dead in space off Garron , the UEE sold most of the Scythe fleet found onboard . We have come into possession of one of those Scythes and are looking to share this history with you . Everyone in the UEE is familiar with the Scythe 's iconic image but few have seen it in person . Now you can own a piece of one !
If you 're an active subscriber , the model should be showing in your hangar now . If you subscribe over the weekend , the Vanduul Scythe armor will be in your hangar on Tuesday , July 14th ! More information about subscriptions can be found here .
The ‘ flyover ' comes courtesy of Mars Express which was launched by the European Space Agency on 2 June 2003 and arrived at Mars six and a half months later . The spacecraft has orbited the Red Planet nearly 12,500 times since its arrival and has beamed back data and images collected by the scientific instruments aboard .
This data was collated to create a nearly global digital topographic model of Mars ' surface , making the viewing of the ‘ flyover ' a three dimensional experience . The images were taken by the High Resolution Stereo Camera ( HRSC ) run by the DLR German Aerospace Center ; the flyover explores the grabens , valleys , canyons , mountains and lava flows in unprecedented detail . These 3D images aid researchers in understanding the climate and development of Mars .
The HRSC was pointed towards Earth while journeying to Mars , so it could provide evidence it had survived its launch from Baikonur Cosmodrome . The camera took an image of Earth and the Moon 3 July 2003 from nearly 8 million kilometres away ; this was the first picture of planetary objects obtained by the Mars Express 's HRSC . The second image was taken when the probe was 5.5 million kilometres from Mars : the features were visible as light and dark areas and the ice around the South Pole appeared very bright and white .
When Mars Express finally reached its destination on 25 December 2003 the image it sent back was almost plain white . Though scientists at first worried the camera was not working , it turned out that the infrared channel , which is one of the nine channels on the camera , was still showing some weak contours of the Martian surface . The scientists realised the sensitivity of the camera close to Mars was far greater than expected and so the image had been overexposed . On 10 January 2004 , with the correct exposure time , the first successful image was acquired from an altitude of 277 kilometres . The image showed part of the southern highlands near Isidis Planitia .
The video was constructed from camera images and put together piece by piece to create a global map of Mars . Mars ' surface is 145 million square kilometres and 97 million were already covered at very high resolution , where one pixel is equivalent to less than 20 metres on the surface . Now , almost the whole Martian surface has been imaged at a resolution of better than 100 metres . Some images were rendered unusable by clouds , haze or Martian whirlwinds , but what gaps in the record they could have created were filled by images from following flybys . The information will be combined with data sets from other missions like the Mars Global Surveyor or data from other instruments on the Mars Express spacecraft .
The HRSC has nine light-sensitive detectors that sweep the planet 's surface from nine different observation angles . The data is then processed into three-dimensional images by the DLR planetary researchers . The images have been used to determine that volcanism was still occurring on Mars until relatively recently : some of the shield volcanoes in the Tharsis region were still active a few million years ago .
The images have also provided further evidence that water once flowed on Mars ' surface , including the identification of outflow valleys three to four billion years old . There is further evidence that Mars ' ancient climate was far different from how it is today , with structures seen near the equator that would have been caused by glaciation .
The video was released by as part of the ten years of Mars Express celebrations in June 2013 . Mars Express was originally due to end after one Mars year , but is now due to continue orbiting Mars until the end of 2014 . The music in the video was created by Stephan Elgner of DLR 's Mars Express planetary cartography team .
Frances Gabe was , tragically , not a household name when they passed away in December of 2016 . However , their New York Times obituary published this week quickly went viral , putting the woman who designed , patented , and built a self-cleaning house back in the zeitgeist . Gabe was the original smart home pioneer .
The story is essential reading , as is a second story just about their patent , showing their original drawings laced with spray nozzles and air jets . But if you , like me , could n't get enough of Gabe 's spunky real talk about our domestic future , here is a rabbit hole of reading on their triumphant invention , which , depending on the story , was spurred on by either a stubborn drip of fig jam or angels which visited them after their divorce .
This was not the first time the New York Times had published a story on Gabe—which , like so much else in this woman 's life , was not their given name , but a carefully engineered improvement . As the obituary notes , during the ‘ 80s and ‘ 90s they had a brief but legitimate brush with fame , appearing on the Phil Donahue Show , Ripley 's Believe it or Not , and in Erma Bombeck 's column . A model of their invention was also placed on display at the Women 's Museum in Dallas ( it 's now at the Hagley Museum in Delaware ) .
A 1982 profile in People magazine offers Gabe 's feminist take on how their accomplishments could change gender roles by liberating homemakers . “ We should be better mothers , wives , neighbors , and spend time improving ourselves instead of saying , ‘ I 'm sorry , I have to clean the kitchen . ' ”
Them best quote , however , was saved for the Ottawa Citizen in 1996 : “ Housework is a thankless , unending job . It 's a nerve-twangling bore . Who wants it ? Nobody ! ”
In 2002 , they were featured in the New York Times ' paper 's Home & Garden section , where they blamed dirty homes on a male-centric architecture industry . “ The problem with houses is that they are designed by men , ” they said . “ They put in far too much space and then you have to take care of it . ”
Gabe was also a highlight of Chuck Palahniuk 's 2003 book Fugitives and Refugees : A Walk in Portland , Oregon , where the novelist visits eccentric characters who have chosen to make the Portland region home . A visit to Gabe 's home in Palahniuk 's prose reveals small moments other profiles seem to miss : “ Sealed on both sides with Plexiglass , the windows are filled with knick knacks you never need to dust . ”
In fact , it was a Willamette Week story that checked in on all the folks from Palahniuk 's book 10 years later which uncovered the fact that Gabe 's home had been sold and its cleaning apparatuses removed . The new owner seems amenable to restoring Gabe 's work : “ He would n't rule out the possibility of reinstalling it from memory if they thought there might be interest , ” according to the Willamette Week ( and they do plan to open the property for bike campers ) . Gabe themselves had conversations with the local Chehalem Parks and Recreation District about landmarking the home before they moved into an assisted care facility .
But the one thing about the self-cleaning house , ambitious as it was , is that it did n't seem to actually work—video clips of the home in action are more like blooper reels . Which is what inspired Lily Benson to create a 3D rendering version of the house that uses the detailed tech in the patents to capture the home 's intended essence . Indeed , there is so much to learn from Gabe 's life-long mission , if not their exact execution .
Perhaps in addition to preserving the home , the property could be transformed into a retreat site focusing on young women working in home tech . Visitors could stay for days or weeks at a time , soaking up the legacy of a visionary who was clearly ahead of their time while being tutored by stars of Portland 's local industrial design community , fostering the next generation of Frances Gabes .
ADEN ( Reuters ) - At least 50 militants were killed in a U.S. air strike on an al Qaeda training camp in the mountains of southern Yemen , medics and a local official said on Wednesday .
The attack took place as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) recruits queued for dinner at the camp , west of the port city of Mukalla on Yemen 's south coast .
The Pentagon said on Tuesday that a U.S. air strike on an AQAP training camp had killed dozens of fighters but it gave no further details .
The Yemeni sources said that at least 50 people were killed and 30 wounded . The air strikes set off huge fires inside the camp , residents said .
“ The planes struck as al Qaeda people stood in line to receive their dinner meal , ” a local official , who asked not to be named , told Reuters by telephone .
Yemeni residents had earlier said the attack on the base was carried out by war planes from a Saudi-led coalition which over the past year had been trying to stop the Iran-allied Houthi group from completing its takeover of the country .
AQAP has exploited the war to expand its control in Yemen , seizing control of Mukalla , capital of Hadramout province , last year and recruiting more followers .
The United States regards AQAP , formed by the merger of the Saudi and Yemeni wings of the group in 2009 , as one of the deadliest branches of the network founded by Osama bin Laden .
The group had used Yemen to plot attacks against Western targets , including an attempt to bomb a U.S.-bound airliner in 2009 .
It also claimed responsibility for an attack on the Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris that killed 12 people last year , although some analysts suspect its role was more inspirational than direct .
The United States has frequently targeted al Qaeda militants across Yemen with drone strikes , killing many prominent leaders of the group over the past few years .
This morning when doing a search for an image of Dick Cheney I could use for this piece , I received the following disclaimer from the nice folks over at Yahoo :
I was n't the least bit surprised to learn this . The man is a walking , talking obscenity .
I have a confession to make . Until they slithered back onto the public stage this week with the release of their so-called “ memoirs ” , I missed Dick Cheney . I missed them and their daughter Liz , pounding the bejesus out of the talk show circuit , waxing idiotic on the subject of the Big Black Bolshevik Boogie Man in the White House .
Be honest ; they were kind of fun to watch , were n't they ? They always reminded me of two circus wagons stuffed with clowns that had crashed into each other on a two-lane highway . You just could n't take your eyes off the two of them ! Then came the BP disaster . Liz lowered their profile and Sickie Dick all but disappeared ! I 'm sure that 's just a coincidence though .
They 're back . They as author , they as ghostwriter . I am a very happy man this morning . All of the delightful , unintentional humor that the two of them provide is the gift that keeps giving .
It 's next to impossible to believe that Dick Cheney could ever have been seen as an asset to any party but the Nazis . Remember back in the day ?
In the Spring of 2000 , when it appeared certain that Junior had the nomination locked up , George The Elder knew damned well that their idiotic kid could not possibly win based on any intellectual merit , so they picked Cheney to head a committee whose purpose was to find a suitable person to run with them – someone with “ gravitas ” .
That was the word of the hour . After only a few days , Cheney marched into the Bush bunker in Kennebunkport with the name of the perfect man for the job – DICK CHENEY ! On March 10 , 2007 , I conjured-up for posterity 's sake the dialogue that must have taken place :
CHENEY : George ! I have found your ideal running mate !
BUSH : Great ! Who is it , Dick ?
CHENEY : You 're not gon na believe it – IT 'S ME ! ! !
BUSH : Whooa ! What 're the odds ?
Ah , Dubya ! And to think that the half-witted little thug was once the “ leader of the free world ” ! Don'cha just love it ?
Dick Cheney is back with their “ long-awaited memoirs ” . Awaited by whom they wo n't say . I wo n't be reading it . I 've read enough about it and heard enough about it ( primarily from the Dickster 's own mouth ) to form my own assessment of the drivel spread generously within .
In fact , I wo n't be reading any of the flood of books that have been written , are being written , and will be written by the Bush Mob . It 's always an amusing thing to watch these bitter , dirty old men attempt to cleanup their putrid little corners in the Hall of Infamy . Robert McNamara tried it 14 years ago and it did n't work out too well for him . Cheney will fare no better I suspect . What they are attempting here is the equivalent of putting a smiley face on a decomposing pig :
“ Well lookie thar , Martha ! Ai n't that purdy ? ”
No , I wo n't be reading any of those books . I 'm waiting for the verdict of qualified historians regarding the Bush years , and I imagine it wo n't be a positive one . Here 's a prediction : A century from now the president of the United States will still – on a daily basis – be dealing with the damage this jackanapes did to this country so long before . Of course , that 's assuming that the office of the presidency survives . Do n't bet the farm on that one .
According to those who have had the stomach to read it , Richard Bruce Cheney is an honest-to-goodness American hero . During the years 2001 to 2009 , if you agreed with him , you were on the side of virtue and apple pie . If you did n't you were soft on terrorism . It really is as simplistic as that .
From an interview this week with NBC 's Jamie Gangel :
JAMIE GANGEL : People call it torture . You think it should still be a tool ?
DICK CHENEY : Yes .
JAMIE GANGEL : Secret prisons ?
DICK CHENEY : Yes .
JAMIE GANGEL : Wiretapping ?
DICK CHENEY : Well , with the right approval .
JAMIE GANGEL : You say it is one of the things you are proudest of , and you would do it again in a heartbeat .
DICK CHENEY : It was controversial at the time . It was the right thing to do .
“ Do it again in a heartbeat ” ? ? ? Whose heart are they referring to here ? Theirs or a normal person 's ?
I have a feeling that the release of “ In My Time ” , the title of the book , might very well be a preemptive ploy . There 's a damned good reason why Dick , George and good ol ' Donny Rumsfeld do n't dare leave the country these days . According to Colin Powell 's former chief-of-staff Larry Wilkerson :
“ This is a book written out of fear , fear that one day someone will ‘ Pinochet ' Dick Cheney . ”
Just in case it slipped your memory , the reference they are making is to Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet , who was finally bought to justice for war crimes – years after they lost power . Retirement must not be a very relaxing pastime for Dick Cheney . Wilkerson told Amy Goodman this week that if the former vice-president of the United States is ever bought to trial in the Hague for their crimes against the human race , they would be willing and eager to testify against him . I 'd sure as hell would hate to be Cheney . The contemptible freak must sleep with a loaded 357 under their pillow . Ca n't say that I blame the old bugger .
To tell you the truth , I feel kinda sorry for the guy . It must be difficult not to be able to commit mass murder on a whim after having had that power for eight long years . As bad as the carnage was when they were VP , it might have been much worse .
According to Cheney himself , at a meeting one day , they strongly urged Junior Bush to launch an attack against the sovereign nation of Syria . Hmm ! Requesting an extra hour on the White House tennis court was one thing ; this was a different matter entirely . Iraq was n't going too well by that point . Another unprovoked incursion might backfire also . Dubya needed a consensus . They asked for a show of hands from a handful of staffers , who just happened to be in the room at that moment , whether or not the VP 's idea was a good one .
Not a single hand was raised . COWARDS ! The president declined . This incident is fascinating for no other reason than the fact that it finally proves that Bush was capable of making the right decision – if only after taking an informal poll – on a matter that should have been a no-brainer . Still , you 've got to grab these happy little revelations wherever you find them .
Do they really believe that they will be able to pull a fast one on history ? That the ages will view them much in the same way Roosevelt and Churchill are viewed today . Yeah , they probably do . The only thing monumental about this homicidal twit is their arrogance .
I ca n't wait to watch the rest of Cheney 's book tour . Tomorrow they are making an appearance on MSNBC 's Morning Joe . Will Lawrence O'Donnell , Al Sharpton and Rachel Maddow be on the panel questioning him ? Would n't that be a scream ? Fate , if you would be so kind… .
81
I was a Peace Corps volunteer in Guinea in West Africa and this is a very popular dish there . This recipe is more or less the same as what they make there . I 've had this probably 200 times and I ...
I made this recipe tonight , and my husband and I did not care for it . It is way too peanut-buttery and rich for our taste , made me feel sick after eating half my bowl . Too bad because the ingr ...
Mike 0 2
I was a Peace Corps volunteer in Guinea in West Africa and this is a very popular dish there . This recipe is more or less the same as what they make there . I 've had this probably 200 times and I ... Read more
Cookaholic 946 173
I have made this many times , and while it is wonderful as is , I have tweaked it to make it a little healthier . First , I add some carrots and celery to increase the veggie content , and only use ... Read more
PUMPKIN314 412 104
This is just like the groundnut soup here in West Africa . I add chicken to it and I use chicken broth instead of vegetable . Read more
Momi 620 239
I like this better than the African Peanut Soup from this site , it has more flavor and richness thanks to more peanut butter and pepper flakes . I made this with almond butter ( really good ) and ... Read more
CATHRYNCARNA 392 2
Yum yum yum ! Being a peanut butter lover and always looking for new taste combinations thought I 'd give this a try . Fantastic . If you do n't LOVE peanut butter , you may want to cut it back a litt ... Read more
ransomedheart 216 13
I made it pretty much as is . Except I added African `` pepper '' , which is like cayenne pepper . It definitely needed it , in addition to the red pepper flakes , for my taste . I threw the onions , garl ... Read more
Jaqueline Bush 31 9
Tasty , filling , unusual soup that was devoured by my in-laws , much to my surprise ! I added chicken , which made it a full meal . Add the brown rice earlier if it usually takes 40 minutes to cook ... Read more
Laura 538 168
I made this recipe tonight , and my husband and I did not care for it . It is way too peanut-buttery and rich for our taste , made me feel sick after eating half my bowl . Too bad because the ingr ... Read more
When MTV first debuted in 1981 , few people believed in the fledgling network and its concept of airing music videos 24 hours a day . Their launch was plagued with technical problems and the station itself was starved for content .
MTV co-founder , Les Garland , details the shaky beginnings in a New York Post interview :
There was some fear , because we did n't get the instant distribution some people thought we would . We used to hear , from cable operators and advertisers , “ nobody 's gon na watch music on television 24 hours a day . That 'll never work. ” Heard it from people in [ our own ] management , too . It was closer to touch-and-go than people realized . There were threats of pulling the plug . Given the newness of music videos , the channel had only around 250 to choose from at the beginning .
One demographic that may have been initially counted out , but who undoubtedly contributed to the success of early MTV , was elementary through high-school-aged kids who had loads of free viewing time on their hands . Kids who would end up spending hours a day obsessing over this new medium—a medium which moved so much faster than what they had been used to seeing , having grown up on network television . MTV ushered in the age of ADD .
I was one of those captivated kids , and what a fascinating time it was to become “ musically aware ” with this brand-new , content-starved format repetitively pumping-out clips from whatever handful of ( mostly new wave ) acts that were forward-thinking enough to devote the time and energy to shooting videos . Suddenly bands you would NEVER hear on the radio , were appearing on TV screens nation-wide and the kids were eating it up .
In those early days of obsessive MTV viewing , I began to notice this one guy . This one middle-aged , balding , bespectacled man . This one guy who was conspicuous for their squareness among pretty boy rock stars and hot models . This one guy who seemed to be in like EVERY freaking video . Was they a video director inserting themselves Hitchcock style into their clips ? Was they a record label president ? Was they the bands ' coke dealer ? Who the hell was this guy ?
And so , for more than thirty years this man has been in the back of my head as “ that ubiquitous middle-aged ‘ 80s video bald guy . ”
I was recently tooling around YouTube , watching the video for Haircut 100 's classic hit “ Love Plus One ” and had my memory jarred . “ Oh yeah , ” I thought , “ there they are ! ” “ There 's that guy ! The principal from the Bonnie Tyler video ! The guy who struts down the street next to Joan Jett ! The dad from the Squeeze video ! The shaky-handed martini-drinker from the Billy Joel video ! WHO IS THIS GUY ! ? ”
This being 2015 , and having the luxury of google and the Internet , I went to work searching for something , anything on this mystery man . Amazingly , I turned up nothing—except for other people asking the exact same question : “ Who is the guy in every early ‘ 80s video ? ”
So , next I contacted Nick Heyward of Haircut 100—because , again , we live in the future and you can just instantly access ANYONE . I sent Heyward a photo and asked “ do you remember who this guy is ? ” Heyward replied almost immediately :
They were the wardrobe guy/actor/extra . Nice chap . Pop was a closely-knit family in those days .
There was a lead , but not much . Searches of “ ‘ 80s music video wardrobe guy , bald ” turned up nothing .
From there , I took my quest to MTV 's Mark Goodman , to see if they had any inside information . Goodman responded : “ No clue who the dude is but pretty funny you spotted him . You must have lots of free time ! ” So , great , childhood icon , MTV 's Mark Goodman , thinks I 'm a total loser .
Subsequent sleuthing started to reveal a connection between the various videos that the pervasive bald guy was appearing in : a production company called MGMM .
MGMM was THE go-to company for music video production in the early ‘ 80s—mostly because they were one of the first companies to specialize in it . The company 's partners Brian Grant , Scott Millaney , Russel Mulcahy , and David Mallet were essentially the top directors in the burgeoning field . Their content DOMINATED early MTV , which , as we noted earlier , was quite sparse early-on . The most ground-breaking , iconic , most memorable music videos of the first three years of MTV were by-and-large all produced by MGMM . So the clues began to come together . Could the mystery middle-aged bald man be a costumer for MGMM ?
Attempts to contact former partners of MGMM went mostly unanswered , but someone from David Mallet 's production company did get back to me with a name . That name was “ Michael Baldwin. ” Finally ! A name to go with the pate !
Mallet 's company did not wish to comment any further or give additional information—and of course there 's stuff I 'm still dying to know . Was it a goof among the production to have them turn up so often , or was it simply a matter of being short-staffed for extras ? How many videos did they appear in ? I know of at least 20 . Were there more ? Unfortunately , I ca n't ask Baldwin himself—his Facebook page indicates that they sadly passed away due to an illness in October of 2014 .
Baldwin was indeed a costumer , and an accomplished one at that . Their website displays some stunning examples of their work , and clearly it was what they should be remembered for rather than their myriad of video cameos . That website is well worth a visit for Baldwin 's audio commentary on the gallery photos of their designs . They did a lot of work in the early ‘ 80s dressing pop stars , and obviously dressing sets with himself . But their work goes all the way back to the early ‘ 60s . They were even responsible for costumes on the Rolling Stones famous train-wreck Rock and Roll Circus . The guy had an impressive career outside of their bit parts in music clips .
As much as is left still unanswered , at least we can finally answer the question of “ Who is that ubiquitous early ‘ 80s music video bald guy ? ”
Their name is Michael Baldwin .
If you 've spotted any we missed , please leave us a comment . Here 's Baldwin in action at 52 seconds into this clip for “ The French Song , ” arguably Joan Jett 's best track ( or at least my personal favorite ) :
In cooperation with noted researcher and author Temple Grandin , we manufacture the SQUEEZE MACHINE . This ingenious system is used for deep touch stimulation and produces a calming effect on hyperactive and autistic individuals . It allows the individual to control the amount of pressure , as well as the release of pressure .
The machine is 60 '' tall , 60 '' long and 32 '' wide .
Constructed from 13-ply 3/4 '' birch plywood , sealed and lacquered for a durable smooth finish . All edges are rounded to ensure safety . The air controls are high quality with multiple safety devices included . The remaining parts are comprised of wood , metal , and plastic . The overall look is that of an educational style piece of furniture .
The Squeeze Machine can be used by most people because it is adjustable in a number of ways . The machine has a series of slots and holes to allow approximately 14 '' of adjustment in width at the base of the pads . There are also slots to adjust the headrest height , slides to adjust for differing head widths , and the hand control center is adjustable from side to side and from front to back . One set of pads are included , which will accommodate either children or adults .
The price of the complete system with air compressor is $ 4525.00 plus shipping .
NOTICE : For Squeeze Machines delivered outside the U.S. there will be additional costs and additional delivery time .
NOTICE : In the event of a return , a Return Authorization must be requested within 60 days of receipt of the machine . This return is subject to a restocking fee and shipper covers all shipping costs for the return . If you are returning the machine to us , it must be securely repacked exactly as it was shipped to you . Do not discard or destroy boxes , pallet , wood strips , etc . They must be reused for shipping ! Watch this series of SHORT INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEOS to familiarize yourself with all aspects of the Squeeze Machine The Squeeze Machine : Introduction and Who It 's For
How to Get In the Squeeze Machine Adjusting the Squeeze Machine
The Squeeze Machine Air Compressor FOR MORE INFORMATION O Some files are large .....
1.pdf General information , operating instructions , and more . This is a 4 page promotional color brochure ,
2.pdf In-depth information , clinical observations and data , suggestions for therapists , and more . 18 pages ,
3.pdf Owner 's manual with unpacking , adjusting , using , and maintaining information . 14 pages full of color pictures , O
Need a `` Squeeze '' to take with you wherever you go ? Have you heard about Snug Hug ?
Another crowded weekend at the domestic box office gives audiences plenty to choose from , though tracking suggests Universal 's “ Kick-Ass 2 ” and the Weinstein Co. 's “ Lee Daniels ' The Butler ” have the clear winning edge with moviegoers .
“ The Butler , ” which is projected to earn in the mid-teens , according to Weinstein , is outselling any other film Thursday in advanced tickets . That 's likely because the Forest Whitaker and Oprah Winfrey starrer will attract a mostly older audience , who typically inflate advanced ticket sales . By comparison , “ Kick-Ass 2 , ” which pundits expect to gross similarly to its predecessor , at $ 19.8 million , will attract a much younger — and more impulsive — crowd than “ The Butler . ”
Also bowing wide this weekend , Open Road 's Steve Jobs biopic “ Jobs ” is tracking in the $ 8 million- $ 10 million range , while Relativity Media 's thriller “ Paranoia ” should land with , at best , a modest $ 5 million .
With no new family titles entering the market , Disney 's “ Cars ” spin-off “ Planes ” should hold well in its second frame after overperforming with north of $ 22 million last weekend . Also , Universal 's stalwart holdover “ Despicable Me 2 ” continues to pull down impressive weekend-to-weekend drops entering its seventh frame . The toon already has amassed a whopping $ 341 million domestically .
Related Mindy Kaling on How Writers ' Rooms Have Changed Since 'The Office ' China Box Office : ‘ Wandering Earth ' Reaches $ 557 Million in Second Week
There are the same number of wide entries this weekend as there were last , with six more slated to bow over the next two weekends . However , that 's typical of this time of year , as August is seen as a last-ditch dumping ground in the summer . Weinstein moved up “ The Butler ” to this date after screening the film positively for commercial audiences , as well as for arthouse and African-American moviegoers . The mid-August release strategy is similar to “ The Help , ” which grossed nearly $ 170 million two years ago with an opening weekend of $ 26 million .
“ The Butler , ” which had more than 40 financial backers , cost in the upper- $ 20 million range . Meanwhile , “ Kick-Ass 2 ” cost around $ 28 million to produce , with Universal acquiring distribution rights before the film went into production in September 2012 . The sequel reunites its young cast , including Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Chloe Grace Moretz , with newcomers like Jim Carrey , who blasted the film for its violence several months ago .
“ Paranoia ” is the most expensive pic of the weekend 's new quartet , costing $ 35 million , from IM Global and Demarest Films . Relativity came on board to handle distribution and marketing during last year 's Cannes Film Market . The film could see decent-enough overseas grosses given the popularity of star Liam Hemsworth .
Ashton Kutcher should provide some oomph in the States in the title role in “ Jobs. ” Open Road acquired rights to the $ 12 million- $ 13 million-budgeted film prior to the Sundance Film Festival this year .
At the specialty box office , IFC Films releases crime drama “ Ai n't Them Bodies Saints ” at three Stateside locations . Sony Pictures Classics bows Keri Russell comedy “ Austenland ” at four locations in New York and L.A . The distrib also expands Woody Allen 's “ Blue Jasmine ” to nearly 200 locations , up from 119 , in the film 's fourth frame . Pic has cumed north of $ 6 million to date .
A large multinational team of genetic researchers has identified three unique genetic variations that influence body size and obesity in men and women of African ancestry .
Obesity is a worldwide health epidemic , associated with higher cardiovascular disease , diabetes and mortality , and lower quality of life . Nearly 50 percent of African-American adults in the United States are clinically obese , compared to 35 percent of non-Hispanic white adults .
The new study , reported in Nature Genetics , is a meta-analysis of 3.2 million genetic variants in over 30,000 people with African heritage for links to body-mass index ( BMI ) . It is the largest study ever done on this population to date .
The study shows that people from different populations share similar genetic traits that impact body size – people with African ancestry shared 32 gene variants previously associated with BMI in European and Asian populations . The study also reveals that people with African ancestry possess three genetic variations ( GALNT10 , MIR148A-NFE2L3 and KLHL32 ) that work in concert with environmental factors to impact BMI .
“ I would love to stress that this paper is really just a start or a foundation for understanding the role of genetic variation in obesity . We expect obesity to be influenced by hundreds , if not thousands of genes and many , many environmental factors . While some genetic variants are likely to increase or decrease weight in all people , most are likely to influence weight in specific people depending on their genetic background and their unique environmental history including diet , toxic metal exposure , exercise , etc . We will not fully understand the genetics of obesity until we can fully investigate these context-dependent genetic effects , ” said co-author Prof Jason Moore from Dartmouth College .
“ In African-Americans , genes played a greater role in causing increased BMI than in Caucasians , ” said co-author Prof Christopher Amos from the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center . “ To date , the effects in both African-American and Caucasian participants are too small to explain much of the genetic variability in obesity rates , and this may be because the variation reflects both genetic and environmental contributions . Since the environmental factors have not been studied , the actual contribution from genetic factors may be greatly underestimated . ”
Subsequent research may clarify how much of a role genes play in promoting obesity , and what might be done to reduce its incidence in vulnerable populations .
Unfortunately , obesity is common not only among African-Americans but among Africans as well .
“ In Africa , the World Health Organization has predicted several hundred million new cases of obesity by 2020 ( from mid 2000s ) . In our cohort in Ghana , roughly 25-30 percent of women were obese by U.S. criteria . In South Africa it is even worse , ” said co-author Prof Scott Williams from Dartmouth College .
“ This research has helped to illuminate human evolutionary history and serves to bring disease presentation into an evolutionary perspective , ” Prof Williams concluded .
______
Bibliographic information : Keri L Monda et al . A meta-analysis identifies new loci associated with body mass index in individuals of African ancestry . Nature Genetics , published online April 14 , 2013 ; doi : 10.1038/ng.2608
Someone asked me privately why we were n't immediately pursuing SQL
MERGE , as opposed to yet another non-standard variant of UPSERT
( UPSERT is loosely defined here as an insert-or-update DML command
that goes to update based on would-be unique constraint violations ,
and does one or the other * atomically * ) . I believe at least one other
system ( Teradata ) that now has both formerly only had the latter . I
think it makes sense to have both . While I believe that it 's already
generally accepted that SQL MERGE is distinct from UPSERT in fairly
fundamental ways , in that it solves a somewhat distinct set of
problems , I would like to put my thoughts on the matter on record .
This is mostly for the sake of the archives .
The first reason why the two are distinct is that MERGE , as
implemented within other major systems and as described by the SQL
standard does not require an atomic insert-or-update for even the
simplest possible case of OLTP style insert-or-update . As I went into
during my talk at pgCon , even these simple cases may throw errors on
other systems ' MERGE implementations . This leeway to fail may be
valuable for some use cases though , like the bulk loading use case .
Simon Riggs has characterized MERGE as something that exists for the
benefit of those two fairly distinct use cases [ 1 ] , and I agree with
him . I suspect that the predictability of MERGE 's behavior suffers due
to trying to support both at once , and I think that MERGE should be
specifically promoted as a bulk loading command if we ever get around
to adding it to PostgreSQL .
The second reason they differ is that SQL MERGE as implemented within
other systems do n't require that a unique index be defined on the
column or columns of the MERGE statement 's outer join . I am not
enthusiastic about the idea of falling back to table-level locking
when an appropriate index is n't available . That could be a foot-gun
for the large majority of users that just want to solve their basic
insert-or-update problem . I did think to mention this when asked about
my work on UPSERT , but the next question was : `` So why not just throw
an error when it 's not possible to use an available unique index '' ?
This is a fair point , but does n't address all the problems with trying
to make MERGE perform upserts that meet my requirements for UPSERT
[ 2 ] ( principally the requirement of atomicity in the sense of always
getting an insert or update ) .
These two points , particularly the first are likely to weigh upon the
implementation of both , which is why we can not very well just insist
upon having appropriate unique indexes defined . It buys my UPSERT
implementation plenty to have the upsert driven by an insert into a
unique index . With UPSERT , having an insert occur is always an outcome
that the DML statement 's author will consider acceptable . SQL MERGE
statements can be written without any WHEN NOT MATCHED THEN INSERT ;
SQL MERGE statement authors are not necessarily going to expect an
insert at all .
As I outlined in my pgCon talk , there appears to be a fundamental
trade-off involved when implementing UPSERT . My implementation is
prepared for the possibility that upon finding a duplicate , and upon
subsequently attempting to lock a row , the row may be found to be
deleted . When that happens , we try again without having made any
useful progress in the first iteration . The ideal of a strict queue of
upserters , with totally fair row locking style lock arbitration
appears to be basically impossible , at least provided you 're unwilling
to give up insert-or-update atomicity ( that is , to get this you have
to be willing to give up with an error even at READ COMMITTED , which
is a cop out , or buy into using something like table level locks ,
which is also a cop out ) . Theoretical lock starvation hazards exist in
my implementation because I do n't do this , but all indications are
that this is fine in the real world . In this regard my implementation
is similar to the current looping upsert subtransaction pattern we 've
been recommending for years [ 3 ] . We do n't hold on to `` value locks '' on
values within indexes ( except to finish staggered index-locks-first
inserting - but not to update/row lock ) .
This is all fine in the real world because * somebody * has to make
progress when there is highly contended upserting . Some session has to
insert-or-update successfully - otherwise you can not have a conflict
to begin with . Livelocking is therefore not possible , and you need a
* sustained * perfect storm of conflicts starving out one session in
order to see lock starvation at all . SQL MERGE has an outer join on a
table of proposed values ( as opposed to an inner join against already
rejected values ) . MERGE allows you to do something other than insert
WHEN NOT MATCHED ( i.e . to do nothing ) , and I think that being able to
always insert at that juncture gives us a way to usefully terminate
the loop where there might not be another way .
Suppose you had a similar `` keep retrying '' implementation ( similar to
what I 've proposed for UPSERT ) , but built this for SQL MERGE . Ignoring
the fact that no other SQL MERGE implementation has
insert-or-update-or-delete atomicity , you insist upon this for your
implementation . Consider how this would behave with a MERGE statement
that had only a WHEN MATCHED THEN UPDATE clause and/or a WHEN MATCHED
THEN DELETE clause . You need to do nothing for the WHEN NOT MATCHED
case , but how exactly do you decide when and how to do nothing when
it 's based on some index value * not * being there ? This is n't the same
as INSERT IGNORE - it 's the exact opposite . We 're doing nothing
because there was no conflict found , * not * because there was some
conflict conclusively found . Furthermore , not only are we doing
nothing , we 're specifically not doing something else ( updating ) . We 're
not doing updating in a way predicated on the physical absence of a
value from an index at one instant in time . But what on earth does
that absence tell us ? In what sense is the value not there ? Is it in
the heap , but not yet in any index ? Is it visible to our estate
snapshot ? My sense is that any attempt to resolve these questions
would be extremely ticklish , and would likely introduce livelock
hazards or deadlock hazards . You end up with head melting
Heisenberg-esque questions when you try to impose this requirement on
SQL MERGE . AFAICT that 's why no one else has succeeded in doing so . I
think you 're just supposed to live with those problems ( `` Nothing
visible to my MVCC snapshot ? Good enough , do WHEN NOT MATCHED handling
then '' ) . A lot of the time these problems do n't come up .
To state it another way , my implementation relies on something
* conclusively * being there ( conclusively committed and visible to new
snapshots ) - our new index tuple , or someone else 's existing one . If
it 's the latter case we 're finally done when we conclusively lock the
tuple without a conflict ( that is , without it being deleted in the
interim ) . We rely on things happening conclusively ( things that have
locking implications , like inserting an index tuple or locking the
row ) . We can not conclusively conclude that something is not there
without extreme measures that are very questionable .
At a high level SQL MERGE is quite distinct from UPSERT , in that it is
a utility command that performs inserts , updates and deletes while
avoiding race conditions ( e.g . unique constraint violations ) on a more
or less good effort basis . MERGE is conceptually messy . In contrast
UPSERT is actually atomic , and having its behavior be relatively easy
to reason about ought to be the top priority . There is a * really * big
demand for UPSERT from users , not MERGE , although MERGE is certainly
useful too .
[ 1 ] http : //www.postgresql.org/message-id/1132000496.3388.31.camel @ holly
[ 2 ] http : //www.pgcon.org/2014/schedule/attachments/327_upsert_weird.pdf ,
Slide 8 , `` Goals for UPSERT in Postgres ''
[ 3 ] http : //www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/plpgsql-control-structures.html # PLPGSQL-UPSERT-EXAMPLE
--
Peter Geoghegan
The U.S. is seeing a slow reversal of a half-century of migration to the suburbs , with people more interested in walkable communities closer to the core cities of metropolitan regions . With the Millennial generation also less interested in driving and owning single family houses , suburban areas will have a surplus of homes and shopping malls in the years ahead . Empty structures have imbedded energy from their construction , so reuse is more sustainable than demolition , but how is a building adapted for uses it was n't made for ? This is the challenge I took on with my personal project , “ Thinking Outside the ( Big ) Box ” .
The project is at 1353 Olney Avenue in my hometown of Port Orchard , Washington . The site is a typical strip mall development with an oversized parking lot , two anchor retail buildings , and six smaller retail spaces . The building that caught my interest opened as a Kmart in 1987 and has been vacant since 2008 . Located a few minutes from downtown and near other commercial and residential development , I started a conceptual project for redesigning the building as a destination for enhancing the neighborhood .
I started in summer 2012 when I earned my LEED Green Associate accreditation , so I was interested in bringing some environmentally sensitive features to the design . I started by reducing asphalt coverage , which contribute to stormwater runoff and pollution and heat island effects , and replaced it with vegetated areas that can act as public parks . With parking still a reality I had to deal with , I moved it to the side of the building and underneath a large photovoltaic array that could help power the project . At this point , with my estimate of what the existing structural layout was , I carved up the building with pedestrian spaces to provide access to a variety of uses . A water feature and small plaza become the main entry .
To embrace the benefits of mixed-use , though the parcel is not zoned as such , I designated each new mass with different uses in the pursuit of creating a vibrant scene . Small retail and office spaces accompany a large restaurant and event space that could be rented to local organizations . To increase density , I added a second level with apartments and green spaces . This has obvious structural implications , but retrofitting the steel framework and CMU exteriors would be straightforward . The building 's front also has an aracde and wooden projection used for signage , now bare , so I removed most of that structure to open up the view and balcony spaces for apartments . However , I extended the arcade to the new pedestrian spaces and placed a vegetated strip on top to bring plants to multiple levels .
The design has 45 two and three bedroom dwellings , 5,000 square feet of new office space , and 8,300 square feet of small scale retail space . The solar array generates an average of 1.3 Megawatts daily on an annual basis , enough to power all of the residential units , and if the angled roofs are installed with PV that capacity can be doubled . The double-roof appearance on each mass is a result of adding clerstories that bring daylight into the deep spaces that result from the size of the original building .
There is no cost estimate on this resdesign , as it is only conceptual , but conceivably the high amount of rentable square footage would make a favorable return on investment within a few years . ( If you 're a visionary developer , give me a call . ) This project was done completely on my own time without any relation to a client , commission , or curriculum . It serves as an example of the simple things cities can do to enliven their dead spaces and dilapidated building stock , and offers an alternative to traditional suburban commercial development with seas of parking and massive single-use buildings that degrade the human experience .
Image copyright AP Image caption There have been a spate of attacks on Shia in recent days following a mass shooting at a Sunni mosque
More than 20 people were killed and dozens injured after two bombs went off in Iraq 's capital Baghdad on Thursday .
A car bomb in Kadhamiya , a mainly Shia area that has seen several attacks in recent days , killed at least 11 .
Separately , a suicide bomber drove a vehicle packed with explosives into a police checkpoint in central Baghdad , killing nine people .
Sectarian tension has been rising in Iraq in recent months amid political chaos and an Islamic State offensive .
Last week , a car bomb in the mainly Shia neighbourhood of Jadida killed at least eight and wound about 20 others . There was also an attack on a Shia mosque .
The spate of attacks on Shia came after at least 68 people were shot dead at a Sunni mosque earlier in August , in a mass shooting blamed on Shia militia .
Tension between Shia and Sunni groups in Iraq has been further heightened by the advance of Islamic State militants and the Sunni groups allied with them .
Prime Minister-designate Haider al-Abadi , a moderate Shia , is trying to form a more inclusive government after the resignation of Nouri Maliki .
Outgoing Prime Minister Nouri Maliki was widely criticised for marginalising Iraq 's Sunni minority .
Mr Abadi 's task was made tougher after two influential Sunni politicians suspended participation in talks on a new cabinet in protest at the mass shooting at a Sunni mosque .
Talks on forming a new government have resumed but Iraqi media said they had broken up on Thursday without an agreement .
Request a cancellation within : 2 hours of purchase
But please contact me if you have any problems with your order .
Returns and exchange details
ALL Sales are Final .
These are the reasons :
All shirts are custom made to order . They are printed only when they are purchased . I do not keep any inventory of printed shirts . Everything is handmade and made for each customer .
ATTENTION * * * Please be careful on what size you choose . All listings have size charts from my shirt suppliers . Please check the MEASUREMENTS on the size charts . I offer 8 different sizes ( Ladies S , M , L , XL , Unisex S , M , L , XL ) . Measure yourself and then compare your measurements on the size chart to see which size best fits you .
• If there has been an error on my part with your order , I definitely will be happy to fix the error .
• If you have made a mistake in giving me the wrong size , I can not give you an exchange or refund so please be sure to give me the correct size of the shirt you want to purchase because every shirt is made to order . All listings show the size charts for both women and men .
* * * Our Ladies Fitted Tees DO RUN SMALL . These are form-fitting shirts as described on the size chart . Please order one size up if you need to . Some women even ordered Unisex size for a comfortable fit . For most people , it seems that they 're fine with the size . It really depends on each person .
* * * Please be aware that I DO N'T EXCHANGE sizes because each shirt is custom made to order . I also do n't allow returns because the shirt did n't fit . I 'm sorry but I have to make sure that each customer really does their best to look at the size chart and compare their measurements with the measurements on the size charts .
If you 'd like to change the size you ordered , let me know ASAP before my next scheduled print day . I just want to make sure that you receive the exact shirt you were expecting . I really want to do my best to make you happy with my products .
Please allow a slight variation on the final shirt print color and iphone prints . Sometimes colors slightly vary for each item since each one is custom made to order .
Because there are so many costs associated to selling and producing of shirts and iphone cases and because of the nature of our made to order items , I ca n't allow exchanges on sizes . All items are final .
• If you do not agree with my policies , please do not buy . If you have just made an order and want to cancel , I 'll be glad to cancel your order , but let me know as soon as you made the payment so that I do n't process your order on my next scheduled print day . Please understand that each etsy Seller has their own Policies since each seller has their own method of making their handmade products .
• All my designs are © copyrighted . All rights reserved .
CRADLE OF FILTH : The band 's T-shirt was ruled objectionable by New Zealand 's chief censor .
Warning : The story below contains material some readers may find objectionable .
A banned t-shirt depicting a graphic image of a nun and explicit abuse of Jesus is well-guarded at the Canterbury Museum .
The T-Shirts Unfolding exhibition sparked outrage ahead of its opening , but there were no signs of protest at the opening today .
The t-shirt was in a separate corner , with a large warning sign and museum staff checking people 's ID before they were allowed to see it
Entitled Vestal Masturbation , the shirt is the design of English heavy metal band Cradle of Filth .
On the front it shows an image of a masturbating nun while on the reverse it has the phrase `` Jesus is a c * * * '' .
Christchurch 's Anglican Bishop Victoria Matthews questioned why the t-shirt needed to be included in the exhibition at all .
Cartoons and ridicule of the prophet Mohammed had led to violence and outrage in Islamic countries , and the public needed to consider whether what happened here could `` have repercussions across the globe '' .
`` At a time when we are seeking ways to reconcile extreme views in the international community , this exhibit could feed the accusation that the West is morally bankrupt , '' they said .
`` The inclusion of this t-shirt as art in an exhibition is a conversation for the wider community with issues of mutual respect , common decency and what the public wants and does not want . ''
Catholic blogger Brendan Malone said in a blog post that a museum should bring a community together , but Canterbury Museum 's decision to hold this exhibition was `` irresponsible '' and would `` result in unnecessary harm '' to the public .
`` Canterbury Museum has chosen to make itself a place that fosters intolerance and division – and what 's worse ; as a ratepayer I am being forced to fund this intolerant and divisive behaviour . ''
They questioned whether the museum would display a t-shirt that `` attacked and ridiculed Islam '' in the same way .
Malone also launched an online petition on Change.org asking for Canterbury Museum to `` remove the hateful t-shirt '' and `` stop dividing the community '' .
The petition said the museum should act with more community responsibility and respect for its local funders by removing the t-shirt from its exhibition .
Catholic Bishop Barry Jones also criticised the controversial t-shirt . `` Anglican and Roman Catholic nuns enjoy wide respect and the misogynistic message on the t-shirt is appalling , '' they said .
Family First planned to lay a complaint with police about the `` highly offensive '' display .
`` The museum should show some respect to the many families who will be horrified and offended by this and remove the offensive material , '' national director Bob McCoskrie said .
`` Sinking to these low levels is an insult to many families . ''
Canterbury Museum director Anthony Wright said the shirt was a small part of a large exhibition examining the garment 's place in popular culture .
`` When you do a show like this you deal with the edges of our culture and society . There are inevitably going to be some items and themes that are going to be offensive to some .
`` It 's there because it is a valid part of an overall story about a whole cultural movement . We want to tell the whole story without unduly censoring things . ''
Museum management had a `` serious discussion '' before deciding to include the t-shirt in the exhibition , Wright said .
New Zealand 's chief censor ruled the t-shirt objectionable in 2008 but granted the museum an exemption to display it provided it was kept in a separate space from other exhibits and was age restricted .
In their decision , chief censor Bill Hastings said the t-shirt was injurious to the public because it featured socially unacceptable profanity that associated its aggressive and misogynistic meaning with Jesus Christ .
`` I ca n't remember seeing a stronger t-shirt than this one . ''
Wright said the museum was displaying the t-shirt with an R18 warning of offensive content and language and providing information about the garment 's sometimes provocative role in contemporary art .
`` There 's no way anyone could get to the t-shirt unless they really wanted to , '' they said . `` It ca n't be stumbled upon . ''
There are several hundred t-shirts in the exhibition . The event is free to enter and runs until May 10 .
* Comments have now been closed on this article .
Science illiteracy , it seems , has worked its way up to the administrative level at one public high school in Illinois .
Dan Delong , a teacher at Southwestern High School , offered an optional reading assignment last week for their students — an article written by well-known science blogger Jonah Lehrer entitled the `` The Gay Animal Kingdom '' published in Seed Magazine .
The article discusses the challenges facing Darwin 's theory of sexual selection , as more and more research is documenting the prevalence of homosexuality in over 450 vertebrate species . In some cases , like male big horn sheep , homosexuality is the norm .
The teacher was suspended without pay .
This is one more example of the growing epidemic of scientific illiteracy in U.S. public schools . The topics of evolution and climate change have also faced similar challenges . In some cases , especially in the rural South , teachers are literally afraid of teaching `` science as truth '' for fear of parental retribution .
Religion belongs in church , not in school , but somehow it has crept its way in , taking advantage of the giant fissures left in the cracking edifice of an underfunded public education system .
The only way to fix it is a public outcry and fortunately for Dan Delong , that is exactly what happened . The school administrators were bombarded by e-mails from the scientific community and parents concerned that the school 's otherwise great academic standing would be threatened by such medieval administrative policies .
Dan just got their job back . In this case , science won out . But be forewarned ... science illiteracy is on the rise in the U.S .
So in the event you are faced with someone who does n't `` believe '' in science , just remind them that the big difference between science and religion is that one requires peer-reviewed empirical evidence . The other does not .
If they do n't know what the word `` empirical '' means just point them to this YouTube video :
Also on MNN : We 're Deer . We 're Queer . Get Used to it .
Teacher suspended for article on gay animals
High school teacher assigns scientific article on homosexuality in the animal kingdom and is suspended . People ... science might be inconvenient but it is true .
Discover the story behind Borderlands 2 villain , Handsome Jack , and their rise to power . Taking place between the original Borderlands and Borderlands 2 , the Pre-Sequel gives you a whole lotta new gameplay featuring the genre blending fusion of shooter and RPG mechanics that players have come to love .
Float through the air with each low gravity jump while taking enemies down from above using new ice and laser weapons . Catch-a-ride and explore the lunar landscape with new vehicles allowing for more levels of destructive mayhem .
BRING MAYHEM TO THE MOON : Feel the moon 's low gravity with every jump and stomp .
Cause mayhem with new weapons equipped with ice and laser capabilities !
New enemies offer a space-based twist !
THE RISE OF HANDSOME JACK : Witness Handsome Jack 's rise to power .
Dive deep into the origins of iconic Borderlands villains .
Turn the tables and experience Handsome Jack 's side of the story .
A NEW CLASS OF ANTI HEROES : Play as one of four new character classes , including Wilhelm the Enforcer , Nisha the Lawbringer , and Athena the Gladiator .
Play as a combat-ready Claptrap prototype for the first-time !
Experience the gray morality of working alongside Handsome Jack .
© 2014 IPerion LLC . Published and distributed by 2K . Gearbox and Borderlands , and the Gearbox Software and Borderlands logos , are registered trademarks and used courtesy of Gearbox Software , LLC . 2K and the 2K logo are trademarks of 2K in the US and/or other countries . All other trademarks are property of their respective owners . All rights reserved . Published and distributed by Aspyr Media , Inc. “ Aspyr ” and the Aspyr “ star ” logo are federally registered trademarks of Aspyr Media , Inc. Mac and the Mac logo are trademarks of Apple Computer , Inc. , registered in the U.S. and other countries . The ratings icon is a trademark of the Entertainment Software Association . All other marks and trademarks are the property of their respective owners . All rights reserved .
Support us AD-FREE Producing content you read on this website takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work . If you value what we do here , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
A phase of increased unrest has started at Tengger caldera 's Bromo cone , East Java , Indonesia , one of Java 's most active and most frequently visited volcanoes . The last known eruption of this volcano occurred in 2012 .
On November 1 , the local volcano observatory issued a warning not to approach Bromo within 1 km ( 0.62 miles ) radius , as changes in seismic activity and increased steaming/degassing ( including sulfur dioxide ) had been noted , Volcano Discovery reports .
The alert status of the volcano remains at 2 ( waspada/watch ) on a scale of 1 - 4 .
The last time this volcano appeared in GVP 's weekly volcanic report was during the week of July 22 - 28 , 2015 :
PVMBG reported that during March 1 - July 13 , 2015 white plumes from Tengger caldera 's Bromo cone rose as high as 100 m ( 328 feet ) above the crater , and a sulfur dioxide odor was periodically noted at the Bromo observation post . Seismicity was dominated by tremor , but also included volcanic earthquakes . The Alert Level remained at 2 ( on a scale of 1-4 ) . Residents and visitors were warned not to approach the crater within a radius of 1 km .
Geological background
The 16-km-wide Tengger caldera is located at the northern end of a volcanic massif extending from Semeru volcano . The massive volcanic complex dates back to about 820,000 years ago and consists of five overlapping stratovolcanoes , each truncated by a caldera . Lava domes , pyroclastic cones , and a maar occupy the flanks of the massif . The Ngadisari caldera at the NE end of the complex formed about 150,000 years ago and is now drained through the Sapikerep valley .
The most recent of the calderas is the 9 x 10 km wide Sandsea caldera at the SW end of the complex , which formed incrementally during the late Pleistocene and early Holocene . An overlapping cluster of post-caldera cones was constructed on the floor of the Sandsea caldera within the past several thousand years . The youngest of these is Bromo , one of Java 's most active and most frequently visited volcanoes .
Featured image : Steam rising from Mt . Bromo . Photo by Lee Siebert , 1995 ( Smithsonian Institution ) .
Register/become a supporter
Your support is crucial for our survival . It makes this project fully self-sustainable and keeps us independent and focused on the content we love to create and share .
Monthly subscription Subscription options Option 1 : $ 5.00 USD - monthly Option 2 : $ 10.00 USD - monthly Option 3 : $ 15.00 USD - monthly Option 4 : $ 25.00 USD - monthly Option 5 : $ 50.00 USD - monthly Option 6 : $ 100.00 USD - monthly Yearly subscription Subscription options Option 1 : $ 50.00 USD - yearly Option 1 : $ 100.00 USD - yearly
You might think that your password is safe - but a few minutes with Google and it can be cracked in moments
Online shopping accounts with weak passwords are at the mercy of hackers . Photograph : Meredith Parmelee/Getty
Just as you hit the button to pay for your online purchase it happens : `` First , create a username and password . ''
The temptation is to pick something easy : your name , your spouse 's name , or a standard password you use everywhere . But if the site will store your credit card details , or is one you use for banking or trading shares , think more carefully .
Passwords are a perennial problem . They 're hard to think up , to remember and protect . Worse , they 're not in themselves secure - your data depends on the carefulness of many strangers . The security of the HMRC discs with the Child Benefit database lost some weeks ago - Zip-encrypted with a password - depends on the strength of that password .
Since Zip encryption uses the AES method , which the US deems good enough for officially secret documents , the HMRC files should be safe from a `` brute force '' attack . But other password encryption is threatened in quite a different way .
Google 's password cracker
Last month , the security group at the University of Cambridge 's Computer Lab had its group blog , Light Blue Touchpaper ( lightbluetouchpaper.org ) , hacked via a previously unknown vulnerability in the popular blogging software Wordpress . While cleaning up , researcher Steven Murdoch discovered a new problem : Google makes a fine password cracker .
The hacker gained access via an unused default administrator-level account . Once in , they created another admin account for himself . Murdoch disabled that , but got curious : what was its password ?
Basic security principles prohibit storing a list of valid usernames and passwords in clear text . Instead , they are stored in a encrypted ( `` hashed '' ) form , so the list is unreadable to anyone who does gain access . To check a password , you encrypt it and compare the result against what is stored . Your password never resurfaces in the clear .
Wordpress encrypts passwords using a popular algorithm called MD5 , a one-way function that had turned the hacker 's password into `` 20f1aeb7819d7858684c898d1e98c1bb '' . Murdoch tried cracking it , then tried a Google search on the string . It spat back a few pages showing that the original word - the hacker 's password - was `` Anthony '' . ( You can try your favourite password at pajhome.org.uk/crypt/md5/ and then search Google for the result . )
The risk to the average user is that if hackers break into a database-dependent site they could be able to read off the hashes of your password , and then work back to your original password .
Murdoch points out that `` salting '' , which protects against this type of problem by adding random characters to each password before it 's hashed , has been known since 1978 . Since every password can have many hashes , it 's harder to build a lookup table . It also makes cracking passwords by brute force much slower .
However , all sorts of password-cracking assistance is readily available online to help system administrators as well as hackers . Plus , says Robert Schifreen , author of Defeating the Hacker , given two random letters of a nine-letter password ( like banking site picklists ) you can get the rest from a crossword-solving program .
Fighting future hackers
But even well-established advice is n't always infallible . Security consultant Eugene Spafford pointed out that the common company rule requiring users to change their passwords once a month is outdated . That 30-year-old policy , they said , was derived when the contractors in charge of non-networked mainframes calculated it would take several months to crack system passwords by brute force .
Several initiatives are trying to create single sign-on systems that present different passwords to each site , but require the user to know only one . OpenID is intended for blogs and is easy to implement , while Liberty Alliance is an industry consortium working on creating strong authentication hardware and software . Microsoft 's Cardspace , installed by default in Vista , also enables secure authentication that 's intended to be two-way . But what happens when you 're away from your computer ?
In the longer term , authentication will move on to a second device like those banks are beginning to send out . Murdoch works with Cronto ( cronto.com ) , which uses mobiles and other devices to generate one-time passwords . You register your phone with your bank and enter a Pin to get a single-transaction password . Nothing is stored , and it would foil phishing attacks - but the system is still vulnerable to real-time attacks . Nothing 's perfect .
What makes a good password ?
The ideal password is hard to guess and easy to remember - a tough combination . In general , do n't use a word that can be found in a dictionary : hackers use dictionary lists to generate password attacks . Avoid well-known personal facts , such as your name , address , birthday , user ID and so on .
A couple of strategies can help . The first is to pick a sentence that 's meaningful to you and use the first letter of each word , including punctuation . For example : IlrtGTs ( for `` I love reading the Guardian 's Technology section '' ) . Add a number - 04 ( for Thursday , the fourth day of the week , when it 's published ) : IlrtGTs04 . Who 'll guess that ?
A second is to take two unrelated words and link them with one or more non-alphabetic characters - for example : quirky ! fun . To make it more secure , capitalise one of the letters .
Most standard password protection advice was designed for use in companies : do n't write your password down , do n't disclose it to anyone and do n't use the same password for more than one application . But in a domestic setting , writing down your password may be sensible , as may disclosing it to a family member in case you happen to be incapacitated .
Even some security experts reuse the same memorable , lightweight password for unimportant applications such as media sites , but unique , more secure ones for sensitive apps like online banking , brokerage sites and so on . One solution here is to store all your passwords in a simple text file and to encrypt that file , protecting it with a password that is then the only one you have to manage : Apple 's Keychain system works like this for system-wide passwords including Wi-Fi networks and websites .
If you must use computers in public areas , pick passwords you can type quickly and accurately ( to make them harder to pick up by shoulder-surfing ) , and change them often to avoid them being copied .
· The following clarification was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Tuesday December 11 2007 . We quoted a researcher , Steven Murdoch , as saying that the Cronto security system was vulnerable to real-time attacks . In fact they were referring to other systems and not to Cronto , which is designed specifically to defend online transactions against real-time attacks .
Ninety-nine years since the Anzacs landed at Gallipoli , I ca n't help but feel proud of the men who went to off war in 1914 – both those who returned and those who did n't . I 'm especially proud of my great grandfathers – George McClintock , Arthur Blackburn , Alexander Forbes and Tom Roberts – all of whom were lucky enough to survive Gallipoli and the western front .
Yet what those men did has very little to do with me . On an intellectual level , I 'm not sure I can explain that pride . With the first world war gone from living memory , there 's a push for a greater emphasis on the “ Anzac legend ” in history classes , and millions will be spent on centenary commemorations next year . As our enthusiasm for all things Anzac swells , it 's worth stopping for a moment to try to justify our feelings about it .
McClintock 's diary , which my uncles found and transcribed , helped me do just that . Running low on cash in the early 1920s after the failure of their soldier-settler farm , they sold the diary for £25 to the State Library of NSW . Their health had never really recovered from the war and , sick with tuberculosis and injured while working on the Harbour Bridge , they died aged 41 .
The first thing that leaps out from the diary is my young great grandfather 's quiet machismo . Writing about the defence of a position at Dead Man 's Ridge at Gallipoli , they wrote :
I could see one chap in particular crawling up to our trenches with bombs . I jumped into the trench and fired . I do n't think that chap will tell any more tales . They were no more than 10 yards from our trench .
Shortly after doing away with the Turk in the trench , they were sent down the line with a message . On their way back they were called into a support trench by a corporal , from whom they bummed a cigarette .
I had been smoking it a few minutes when , crash , I got one in the left arm in a line with the heart . The bullet remained in my arm . But I could see the end of it .
They wrote later , this time after being shot through the thigh while making dinner :
I have beaten the Turks again and they will have to make another bullet on me to kill .
' I jumped into the trench and fired . I do n't think that chap will tell any more tales ' . Photograph : Alex McClintock
Another of my great grandfathers , Arthur Blackburn , was similarly cavalier when they told my grandmother that they won their Victoria Cross for “ just being a soldier ” . In fact , he 'd led several near-suicidal mission against a German machine gun position at Pozières . Their name is still on the town water tower .
As for Tom Roberts , they wrote to their sisters ( on a flannel rifle rag , using a biscuit tin as a desk ) that they and their mates were “ as happy as soldiers lice ” , though the Turks had been putting “ the fear of Allah ” into them .
It 's all rather thrilling , all these chaps doing in other chaps and getting shot . It 's also natural , as time passes , to assume that people were just made of sterner stuff back then . Yet it does the generation who went to war a disservice if we believe they were supermen .
What 's amazing , and what we should be proud of , is that my great grandfathers ' generation were probably not so different from us . As their gallows humour and self-effacing attempts to downplay their fear and bravery make clear , they were men struggling to adjust to awful circumstances . McClintock , for example , wrote of dry-retching after mistaking a dead comrade 's foot for a tree branch and grabbing hold of it . Roberts wrote to their sisters to complain about a commanding officer who harassed them for not shaving .
A nearly 100-year-old poppy , which was pressed in the third volume of George McClintock 's diaries . Photograph : Alex McClintock
Growing up on the other side of the world in a period of relative peace , none of them expected to be thrown into a horrible war . In 1914 , Blackburn had just graduated from law school and Roberts was working overseas . Perhaps optimistically , McClintock listed their occupation as “ boundary rider ” on their enlistment form , despite the fact that they grew up in the Sydney suburbs .
They were also not all the doe-eyed colonials of the typical Anzac legend , ready to fight for the mother country . My grandmother describes Blackburn as “ very Australian ” and says they enlisted because it was “ the right thing to do ” , rather than out of any obligation to England .
For their part , McClintock was rather more sympathetic to the Turks , who shelled the hospital at Gallipoli as they lay wounded , than to the English , who had left stockpiles of ammunition nearby . They wrote :
The English call this fair fighting well I do n't and it is not fair to the men in hospital and not fair to the enemy . The Turks fought us fair and I do n't think anyone could have fought fairer .
They were part of an entire generation who gave up their lives and their sweethearts for four years . The saw and most likely did awful things . The next generation was forced to do the same . When they came back , they were no doubt changed men .
It 's easy to say those horrors are unimaginable . Yet for those of us with no military experience , imagining the circumstances of those who have served Australia is a necessary part of remembrance .
If we cast the Anzacs , the returned and the fallen alike , as fundamentally different from us , then it 's impossible to even try to appreciate what they went through . If we turn them into purely mythic figures , then Anzac Day becomes merely an exercise in flag waving , a day for platitudes about freedom and sacrifice .
The truth is much more stirring – that ordinary men did things most of us hope never to do , mostly because they thought it was right . I do n't know if that 's something for us to be proud of , but it 's certainly worth remembering .
Just a couple hours after booking the main event for UFC 170 , the promotion has another big fight on tap for the card .
Rory MacDonald ( 15-2 MMA , 6-2 UFC ) will meet Demian Maia ( 18-5 MMA , 12-5 UFC ) in a welterweight bout on the card in February . UFC officials announced the fight on Friday night .
UFC 170 takes place Feb. 22 at Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas . The main card , featuring a headliner between Rashad Evans and Daniel Cormier , airs on pay-per-view following prelims on FOX Sports 1 and MMAjunkie .
MacDonald will be trying to rebound after an upset loss to Robbie Lawler in November at UFC 167 . That loss , by split decision , snapped a five-fight winning streak for the young Canadian , who trains at Tristar Gym in Montreal with welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre . On their streak , which came after the first loss of their career to Carlos Condit , “ Ares ” beat Nate Diaz , Mike Pyle , Che Mills , B.J . Penn and Jake Ellenberger to get into title talk – talk which they said was meaningless if it meant he 'd have to fight mentor and teammate St-Pierre . The loss to Lawler made it moot , though , until they start to climb back .
Maia is coming off a loss , as well – their first since dropping to welterweight from middleweight . They had a three-fight streak to start their move to 170 pounds with wins over Dong Hyun Kim , Rick Story and Jon Fitch . But in October in their home country of Brazil , they dropped a split decision to Jake Shields in a five-round main event .
With the addition , the UFC 170 card now includes :
Daniel Cormier vs. Rashad Evans
Rory MacDonald vs. Demian Maia
Rafael dos Anjos vs. Rustam Khabilov
For the latest on UFC 170 , stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site .
( Pictured : Rory MacDonald )
Developer : Ganbarion
Publisher : Bandai Namco
Platforms : PC , Switch ( Reviewed ) , PlayStation 4
Release Date : Available Now
Price : $ 39.99 USD – Available Here $ 89.95 AUD – Available Here
Overview
Very few franchises can say that they have managed to last for over twenty years , especially in the manga world and of these franchises even fewer can say that they 've managed to gather such a massive number of licensed video games as One Piece . Since its creation back in 1997 the series has had games appear on every manner of console and handheld device and now the first title has arrived on the Switch , though you may have already played it before if you 're a die-hard fan of the series . After first arriving on the Wii U and 3DS a few years ago , One Piece : Unlimited World Red – Deluxe Edition has made its way to the Switch but is it still worthy of your time ?
Story
It is worth noting that unless you 're highly familiar with the One Piece series , up to the point of at least being into the post-time skip era of the series , that you will likely be coming across plenty of references and material that will go completely unexplained . Outside of brand-new characters the game does little to explain the various abilities and relationships of the characters so be prepared for that if you 're jumping in without being a fan of the series .
For everyone else though , it is highly interesting to see that rather than trying to adapt an already well-trodden storyline One Piece : Unlimited World Red – Deluxe Edition works more as the many filler arcs that take place between the larger story events in the series . The story begins with Luffy and the rest of the crew bringing a newfound friend named Pato back to the Island of Promises where the village of Transtown is located . Once there Luffy ventures out to explore the town while the rest of the gang splits up only for them to be whisked away to an unknown location , leaving Luffy with only Pato by theirs side .
Luffy is quick in venturing out to rescue their missing crew only to find that they have been taken by a pirate known only as Red . To make matters worse , on their journey to rescue their friends a number f familiar places and familiar enemies arise once again to face off against Luffy and the crew , something that longtime fans of the series will certainly appreciate since many of these characters have n't been seen in years .
The storyline works great as a video game as it feels like one of the best filler arcs that a fan could ask for by giving players plenty of unique twists and turns as they battle familiar faces and travel through new areas along the way . As one would expect with standard filler the end result does n't play much of a role in the long run of the storyline but it does create a satisfying storyline for shonen fans to follow .
Gameplay
For the most part the city of Transtown serves as the game 's main hub area as that is the location where players will be able to use the various items that they gather in levels to help upgrade the town by building a pharmacy , restaurants , and more in an effort to unlock additional content that can help you in your main journey . This does make for a bit of a grinding feel from time to time but this is n't a major issue for the most part thanks to the colorful appeal of the village .
The actual levels that you will be playing through serve as mostly straightforward affairs in self-contained areas where the player will need to face off against various groups of enemies , smash objects to get loot and other resources to use on the town , and finally face off against an , almost always , memorable boss that requires certain strategies to beat . These boss battles end up being the biggest highlight for most of these levels as their unique attacks , as well as an almost always dreadful camera , make them quite challenging to beat .
The combat system for Unlimited World Red is easy to understand for the most part as the combo system makes use of a set of light and heavy attacks as well as special attacks that are unique to each character , Luffy for example has plenty of long range attacks while Nami makes use of their staff and weather abilities to deal damage , and so on with each character being given some time to shine . In fact , players even have the ability to unleash team attacks at the expense of their SP meters but this is something that rarely is an issue as the meter recharges quite quickly .
Despite having a fairly easy to learn combat system the actual result is a bit disappointing this is mostly due to the fact that the combo strings that are unique to each character quickly become mundane as you fight through what is , generally , an easy to beat group of mob type enemies before battling on to the next area . Combine this with a generous counter timer and most standard battles will be a breeze although you 'd almost wish they lasted longer as many of these levels are scarcely populated with enemies popping up only here and there and even destructible objects being kept to a minimum , something that likely is carried over from the game 's origins as a handheld title .
Players will also have the ability to make use of a “ strong word ” system that allows for various stat boosts and skills to be tied to catch phrases that can be equipped which is a bit unique if they are thought of as simple pieces of equipment and little else . Also thanks to the fact that this is the “ Deluxe Edition ” of the game it comes with all of the DLC that was released for the original game but for the most part this just ends up as extra costumes for the cast , most of which are based off of movie appearances , so do n't expect too much in this regard .
One thing that does work quite well in regards to One Piece : Unlimited World Red – Deluxe Edition being released on the Switch is the ease of being able to play with two players . The game makes an easy adjustment to being able to be played with a single Joycon , meaning that setting the console in its docking station and playing with a friend in split screen co-op is quick and painless , though if you try to do this on a table-top type of setting then you 'll likely be struggling with the smaller screen size being split between the two characters .
Visuals & Audio
Perhaps thanks to the game 's anime aesthetic , the title has managed to make the upgrade to the Switch flawlessly . The character designs , even with the lackluster bonus costumes , are perfect matches to their anime counterparts and their special moves are copied perfectly here . The enemy variety is a bit disappointing ; as is the level design , but the bosses really continue to shine through here both in design and combat quality .
It is worth noting that Bandai Namco has only included the original Japanese voice acting for this game though that should be just fine for longtime fans of the series as all of the original voice actors sound like they have retained their roles here . The soundtrack also works quite well here with plenty of catchy tunes and fitting themes matched with the various areas players will be exploring .
Overall
For the most part One Piece : Unlimited World Red – Deluxe Edition makes the transition to the Switch without issue as the combat remains enjoyable , if a bit stale , and varied with the multiple characters to choose from and delightful bosses to face off against . The bonuses included in the deluxe version may not be worth picking up the game a second time for if you 've played it once but are nice inclusions for new players looking for a decent brawler with a satisfying story on the Switch .
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Thibaut Courtois insists Chelsea 's players are all willing to battle for coach Antonio Conte to ensure they do not suffer the same fate as Jose Mourinho in 2015 .
Chelsea were facing their third consecutive League defeat on Saturday when they went 2-1 down at home against Watford but came back to win 4-2 .
The build-up to the match had been dominated by talk about Conte 's future at Stamford Bridge and that the squad were unhappy with their training methods .
It was the kind of speculation former manager Mourinho faced two years ago before being fired in December that season .
Courtois told Standard Sport : “ We are ready to fight for the coach .
“ I remember what happened two years ago under Jose Mourinho and things started to be said , there were stories about the dressing room without knowing what was happening .
“ We are happy to show that we are ready to fight . We all know what would have happened [ more debate over Conte 's future ] if we had lost against Watford .
“ There was a moment when we were 2-1 down , we were having difficulties and Watford could have made it 4-1 . It was very important to come back to win .
“ In 2015 [ under Mourinho ] we wanted to fight as well but the game did n't turn out well for us , there was too much bad luck . Sometimes different things happened .
“ But we are showing we want to fight again now , firstly as a group of players . We want to win games .
“ We do n't want to lose and say we do n't care any more . We want to fight for ourselves , too . It is important for us .
“ Some of us remember what happened two years ago and we do n't want the same thing to happen . ”
It was reported last week that the players are unhappy with Conte 's training methods . Courtois , insists , however that everyone is “ happy ” . They added : “ Every manager has their own routine . With Antonio we do a lot of tactical sessions and drills . We are fine with it .
“ Last season we were champions with their way and we trained much more than this season , so I do n't know why somebody would complain . It 's not as if we do n't like to train . ”
Bartender Jumped in The Latest Attack in Dallas Gayborhood
The attack — which the victim believes was antigay in nature— marks the 14th since September in Dallas 's Oak Lawn neighborhood .
A gay man was struck between the shoulders with what may have been a crowbar Sunday in the latest of at least a dozen allegedly antigay attacks to plague Dallas 's Oak Lawn neighborhood .
John Wright at Towleroad reports that bartender Daniel Luhmann ( pictured ) was walking home at 1:30 a.m. from Cedar Springs Tap House , when they heard yelling that they initially presumed to be an argument , but now believes to be antigay slurs directed at him . As Luhmann walked away from the shouting , two men approached the bartender from behind and hit them with a metal pole between their shoulder blades . Luhmann says they fell to the ground , where the two assailants began kicking him .
The victim had their cellphone in their hand and pretended to be on a call , which they believe helped scare the attackers away , according to Dallas TV station WFAA . Luhmann reported the assault to police and met again with officers Wednesday , according to thestation . At this point , the assault has not been classified as a hate crime .
Dallas police have been inundated with reports of antigay assaults in the city 's prominent LGBT neighborhood known as Oak Lawn — with as many as 14 attacks reported since September , according to Wright .
After local activists picketed at the Dallas Police Headquarters last month , demanding more comprehensive follow-up on the reported attacks and better police protection to prevent them , officers increased patrols in the area . Dallas County District Attorney Susan Hawk on Monday hosted a town hall meeting with concerned residents , promising that if the robberies are found to be hate crimes , their team will `` prosecute these cases to the fullest extent of the law , '' reports The Dallas Morning News .
The attack on Luhmann is eerily similar to several other assaults that have taken place in Oak Lawn recently , including a robbery last month , which saw another gay male bartender from Cedar Springs Tap House beaten over the head with a heavy object , suffering a head fracture .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The group say their charity work for the NHS is in danger of being undone .
A knitting group said it was no longer allowed to meet at a library because its needles are `` dangerous '' and its members are too noisy .
The Knit 'n ' Natter group met at the library in Cramlington , Northumberland once a week to knit replica anatomical parts for training NHS midwives .
But now the library has moved and the knitters said Northumberland County Council had barred them .
The council said there was not enough room for the large group .
But a spokesperson said the women were still welcome if they split into smaller groups .
Since the group began three years ago its 20 to 30 members have knitted thousands of garments for premature and sick babies .
They have also made 1,500 pairs of knitted breasts and are currently knitting wombs for midwives .
'Needles dangerous '
Margaret Derrick , one of the group 's founding members , said : `` We 've been told different stories and different complaints and I do n't now know what to believe .
`` We 've been told knitting needles are dangerous instruments and against health and safety policy . We 've also been told that it 's because we are too noisy .
Image caption The women can not afford to hire a meeting place
`` We started at the library because the council asked us . As we got bigger , the council was delighted .
`` Unfortunately , they 've now got a new building and there is no room for us and it is 'bye bye ' .
`` Everything we knit goes out to help someone somewhere . It 's just so sad , we ca n't afford to hire a room . ''
Conservative councillor , Wayne Daley of Cramlington North , said the decision was `` barmy '' .
`` I think this is a shocking decision - I was taken aback , '' they said .
`` It is unbelievable that the county council can take a group that is successful and doing things for the NHS , and penalise them by throwing them out of what is supposed to be a community library .
`` I was told there were health and safety concerns over knitting needles - which is just barmy . ''
They said the council should find the women a new meeting place .
Mrs Derrick said the knitters did not want to split into smaller groups .
What do you do with the abandoned railways that once held the promise of trans-continental linkage and progress ? Some have converted them into tourist-friendly pathways . But Mexican artists and brothers Ivan Puig ( previously ) and Andrés Padilla Domene decided to traverse the nearly 9,000 km of railway in Mexico and Ecuador that , in 1995 , was abandoned and left to decay . But they did n't travel in any old fashion . In a project that ran from 2010 to 2012 the artists rode in a striking silver road-rail vehicle called SEFT-1 , which they designed and built themselves so as to travel both on rail and road .
The multi-year journey , which was documented online , explored abandoned rail but also the notion of modern ruins , and “ how the ideology of progress is imprinted onto historic landscapes. ” ( via Hyperallergic )
It 's not unheard-of for a college to tell a faculty member partway through a probationary period before tenure that things just are n't working out . And that may well be why Weber State University failed to rehire Jared Lisonbee , a professor of child and family studies . But the timing of their termination – after they and their wife spoke out against plans to name a new family program after a Mormon leader who has expressed controversial views on gays , women and intellectuals – has raised suspicion about what motivated the decision .
“ Because there was no discussion or justification given for the decision not to renew my contract , I can only speculate , ” said Lisonbee , who recently completed their second year on the tenure track at Weber State . But because their department chair 's behavior became “ hostile ” following theirs speaking out against the naming of the center , Lisonbee said the decision was “ likely ” related to their comments .
Lisonbee said they spoke out against naming of the public university 's new family program after Boyd K. Packer , a senior Mormon apostle and Weber graduate , and their wife , Donna S. Packer , when the idea was proposed at a faculty meeting in December . The center administers support to eight area education and community outreach programs .
“ I think my initial response in the meeting was to exclaim , ‘ That 's a horrible idea ! ' ” said Lisonbee -- `` horrible , '' because of Packer 's long history of statements against homosexuality , feminism and interracial marriage , among other matters . He 's classified gay people , feminists and `` so-called scholars or intellectuals '' as the biggest dangers to the Mormon church and , most recently , in April , warned followers not to fall into a `` tolerance trap , '' even as the nation changes its laws to `` tolerate legalized acts of immorality . '' The statement was widely interpreted to be in reference to the two high-profile gay marriage cases before the U.S. Supreme Court at the time .
Lisonbee said they felt naming `` a family and community education center in the college of education after the Packers does not communicate inclusiveness among families and individuals who will be served by the center . ”
Because the department of child and family studies ' mission statements advocates diversity and using culturally competent practices , and because several of the center 's programs are tied to the department , they added , naming it after Boyd K. Packer “ seems contrary to our stated mission of respecting diversity and promoting inclusiveness . ”
Lisonbee also said they objected to the center 's name due to concerns about separation of church and state , which can at times be “ thin ” in Utah . ( He pointed to a statement made by the wife of Allen E. Hall , chairperson of the university Board of Trustees , at the center 's naming ceremony in May , as one example . There , Jeanne Hall described their decision to donate to the center they made during a visit to a temple as “ a very distinct prompting ” and told the Packers : “ We as a family feel very grateful that the Lord has provided a way for us to have your names associated with this university forever. ” ) Donors attracted to the center due to its name could attempt to steer its mission , and the center 's name could alienate some it might otherwise serve , said Lisonbee , who was raised as a Mormon .
Following their public objections to the name , including an e-mail to Jack Rasmussen , dean of the Jerry Vickie Moyes College of Education , Lisonbee said Paul Schvaneveldt , department chair , singled them out for criticism . During their third-year review , in February , Lisonbee said Schvaneveldt responded to the assistant professor 's comments about the at-times pervasive Mormon influence on the culture of the university and department by saying , “ Well , you know , Weber State is n't a good match for everyone. ” And at the college 's graduation ceremony , Lisonbee said , Schvaneveldt accused them of leaving early when they had temporarily stepped to the side of the stage to greet students .
Lisonbee said a letter from their wife published in a local paper after the formal naming of the center in May also may have harmed their chances at Weber .
“ Naming a public university 's program to support families after Packer is a slap in the face for many in the community , given positions advocated by Packer , ” Shairylann Lisonbee wrote in their letter , which inspired an online petition that 's gained more than 2,600 signatures against the naming of the center . The Utah Stonewall Democrats , a group supportive of gay rights , also protested the naming of the center following the letter 's publication .
“ While I can not be certain , with the letter informing me of the decision not to renew my contract coming so close in the wake of the negative publicity associated with the letter to the editor , I suspect that the letter to the editor did contribute to the decision , ” said Lisonbee .
Rasmussen and Schvaneveldt referred questions to the university .
Allison Hess , university spokesperson , said Lisonbee 's termination had nothing to do with the Packer center controversy . Privacy regulations prohibit the release of details about personnel decisions , they said , but Lisonbee underwent the standard third-year review process and received letters from the department , college and dean about their termination .
Lisonbee said they did not receive a letter from the dean . They did receive two identical letters from Schvaneveldt notifying them of their non-renewal of contract , effective June 2014 , as well as a separate letter from Michael Vaughan , provost , notifying them that they had been given sufficient notice of their nonrenewal of contract , according to university guidelines . No additional details were given .
There are signs in their third-year review , however , that they may have been underperforming . While their service was ranked as “ good ” by a college-level committee , their teaching and scholarship were ranked as “ satisfactory. ” The committee recommended that Lisonbee address areas in their teaching evaluations ( most of which show their courses to be “ satisfactory ” to “ effective ” ) that needed improvement , and to seek out help from their peers . It also recommended that they clarify their research agenda and bolster their publication record , to which they had not added since their appointment two years prior ( Lisonbee completed a first year on the tenure track at Washington State University at Pullman but their position was eliminated due to budget cuts , they said ) .
`` In conclusion , the Moyes College of Education Ranking Tenure Evaluation Committee finds that you are not making adequate progress toward advancement in rank and tenure , ” it says . “ [ We ] recommend that you request a 5th year review of your progress from the dean in order to prepare for the next formal review . ”
But nowhere does the report indicate they were about to lose their shot at staying .
In response to the review , Lisonbee said that he 'd submitted a manuscript for review and was finishing another this month . He 'd also expanded their service involvement , they said , and notified their department chair of those improvements two weeks prior to receiving their termination letter , at the end of June . Neither in the review nor in the interim was there talk of termination of contract , they said .
“ I definitely did not see it coming and I had to read the short letter several times before it even started to sink in that my contract was not going to be renewed , ” they said . “ It was definitely a shock , especially since there was no reason or justification included with the decision . ”
Lisonbee said he 's working with the faculty ombudsman to request an appeal , and that he 'd like to be reinstated . Hess said he 's eligible to request a formal request with the Faculty Board of Review , according to the university 's Policies and Procedures Manual , despite not having completed their full probation ( the document language refers to those who have completed their probationary period and been denied tenure ) .
Robert Kreiser , associate secretary of academic freedom , tenure and governance at the American Association of University Professors , said Lisonbee 's also entitled to reasons for their termination , upon written request .
“ It may well be that the decision not to renew [ Lisonbee 's ] appointment at Weber State was based primarily on concerns about perceived deficiencies in their academic performance , ” Kreiser said . “ I have no way of knowing whether that was or was not the case , and indeed Professor Lisonbee themselves appears not to have been given a statement of reasons for the negative decision — contrary to AAUP-recommended standards that have been widely adopted in the academic community . Declining to provide reasons raises basic questions of minimum decency and elementary fairness . ”
A spokesperson has confirmed longtime Florida State Senator , Greg Evers , has been killed in a car crash . Evers ' spokesperson , Sarah Bascom , told Channel 3 News they died in a single-vehicle crash on their way home from work Monday night . They released the following statement :
On behalf of the family of former State Senator Greg Evers , it is with great sadness that we announce their passing . Senator Evers was involved in a single car accident last night near their home in Baker , Fla .
The family asks for your prayers as they deal with this sudden loss .
Funeral arrangements will be forthcoming .
Gallery | Beloved Florida State Senator found one day after deadly crash
According to the Florida Highway Patrol ( FHP ) , Evers ' vehicle was found submerged in water in Penny Creek , which is 12 feet deep , Tuesday afternoon on Griffith Mill Road near Reeves Road in Baker , Florida .
According to the preliminary investigation , Evers was traveling north bound when their vehicle hit a guardrail , went into a creek and became fully submerged . Tuesday , a passerby alerted FHP after noticing damage to the guardrail and tire tracks leading to the creek .
At this time , the FHP is calling this case a 'single-car traffic homicide investigation ' . FHP told Channel 3 's David Gonzalez any crash involving a death is investigated that way until it is determined otherwise . The FHP canot confirm whether Evers was wearing a seatbelt .
Evers is well-known in Northwest Florida . The Republican politician served in the Florida Senate for six years . Before they became Senator , they served in the Florida House of Representatives from 2001 to 2010 .
They made national headlines last year after announcing plans to auction off an AR-15 on Independence Day . Facebook took the controversial post down ; however , a Crestview woman won the contest .
Evers graduated from Jay High School and went on to graduate from Pensacola Junior College . According to their Facebook page , they are the owner of Akers of Strawberries and Baker Farm Center and Greg Evers Farm .
Many politicians have expressed their condolences .
Congressman Matt Gaetz issued the following statement :
`` I 'm crushed by the news that former State Senator Greg Evers was killed in a car accident late last evening . Greg has been my friend for 16 years . Northwest Florida has lost a great champion and true public servant . ''
When I first started writing these hero tiers at the start of the year , the number of matches played for a month would be about 200 . This month there were just over 500 professional tournament matches played . There are about half a dozen tournaments running concurrently right now , and although they might not be as big as the G-1 League or the International , it still shows Dota 2 has a vigorous competitive scene that continues to grow unabated .
So too does the meta game continued to grow and evolve . After a period of stagnation it seems like we 've reached a point at which almost every hero can be picked if not every game then at least situationally . Even the biggest teams are showing a willingness to experiment and innovate resulting in some of the most exciting games to date .
The changes continue to fly thick and fast as well , with barely time to catch our breath since 6.78 before 6.78c is released bringing further tweaks and balances . These retouches can have subtle effects that are n't felt for some time after being brought into the game , so having two so close together , and containing some radical changes the next few months could be tumultuous for the hero tiers .
Tier 1
Despite a few nerfs in 6.78 Batrider remains first ban material , and was either picked or banned in 91 % of the games for July . Their strength in a 1v1 lane is almost unmatched and with the bottlecrow changes they have become even more powerful . Careful team play or a well times Disruption can negate a lot of Batriders strengths , and if the Flaming Lasso does n't secure a kill then late game Batrider 's team fight contribution can drop off . When it comes to roaming and ganking though Batrider is still one of the best .
There 's a new # 1 carry in town , and he 's an old man in a tiny helicopter . Gyrocopter has such huge early and late game damage potential , and if the need arises they can farm up a storm . Even if they fall behind in either level or net worth with some expertly stacked ancients whilst giving their supports some much-needed experience as well . Call Down is a great crowd control for team fights , and all the explosions falling from the sky coupled with the damage and slow can have a psychological effect as well , causing a team that is wavering or hesitant to scatter in panic . The Chinese teams are in to Gyrocopter in a way that they are n't with Lifestealer as well , which no doubt contributes to their spot at the top for the month of June . They received a slight range nerf in 6.78c but this probably wo n't have much affect on their popularity . All in all it seems everything 's coming up Gyrocopter ( and Milhouse ) .
Speaking of Lifestealer they have received another significant need in 6.78c with their rage cooldown increased from 15 to 17 seconds . This could be enough to finally push them out of the top tier altogether , but we 'll have to wait until next month 's numbers though to see exactly how hard it will hit their competitive viability .
Another hero that has remained firmly in first ban territory is of course the hero formerly known as Wisp , Io . So much so that we rarely see the hero played , only making it through the bans to be picked in 9 % of games . But when Io does make it through he 's reminded us why keeping them out of the pool is such a good idea , with a 67 % win rate in July . He 's received another nerf in 6.78c with Overcharge reduced from 30 % to 20 % on top of those they had already received in 6.78 , but the potential for havoc that Io can wreak on an enemy team means that it 's unlikely we 'll see much of a drop in popularity anytime soon particularly with Chinese teams still struggling to play against him .
I think a lot of teams have learned to minimise the damage Io can cause now though and a well coordinated team has a lot less to fear from Relocate than they once might have done . But with most teams are playing with as little risk as they can manage at the moment ( except for EG perhaps ) letting Io through to the picking phase might just be a risk that they 're not willing to take .
Lone Druids popularity has taken a slight hit , dropping from 6th most popular hero in May to 9th in June . They still remain one of the strongest off lane or jungle heroes in the game despite the nerfs they received , most players having now swapped the Armlet for a Radiance . With the offlane pool low , its unlikely that Lone Druid will fall far from their current ranking , if they fall at all . Either way , [ A ] dmiralBulldog has their back .
Tier 2
Visage continues their meteoric rise , shooting to the top of Tier 2 . It 's not that he 's received any major buffs but that teams have just realised all at once just how strong this hero is . Although Visage 's Familiars have a high skill cap due to the micro that they require , once mastered the utility that the Familiars offer is massive as they can split push , scout or chain stun an entire team not to mention their damage output . Visage brings more than just some oversized creeps to the table though with huge survivability and damage with Gravekeeper 's Cloak and Soul Assumption which allow them to go toe to toe with carries in the early to mid game and more than hold their own . This is a hero that thrives on aggressive plays and is in their element in the thick of a fight , but needs an aggressive lineup to match to use Visage to their full potential . Their abilities make them the king of trilanes but are equally of use for roaming and ganking if he 's not needed in lane . They may have made a sudden appearance onto the competitive scene , but expect Visage to be sticking around .
Chen is one of the few old school dota 2 heroes that is still consistently appears in the top tiers . At the height of the pushing meta around the time of the second International they were running late if they have n't destroyed a T1 tower by the five minute mark . Although the hard push strategies are behind us now Chen is still a powerful early game presence with their army of persuaded creeps . They can farm up a Mekansm quite early on by farming the jungle , but this usually leaves a support and carry in a dual lane which is trouble if the enemy runs an aggressive trilane against them . Hand of God gives Chen good split pig potential and their creeps make them a great early game ganker , but they can have a lot of trouble staying relevant in the late game . Buy Hand of Midas to really ruin their day .
Another month , another rise through the ranks for Alchemist . Rather than the usual farm fest that we 're accustomed to , teams have been doing something rather interesting . Rather than run them in the one role either in a trilane or a farming solo safe lane teams have been using them as a four or five role support and rushing an early Mekansm . At first this seems crazy , because Alchemist is THE farming hero and can become very scary very quickly as a carry . If you think about it though , it makes a certain kind of sense .
With Greevil 's Greed they can do a lot more with the small amount of farm a hard support receives than another hero would be able to . The Mekansm gives them quite a bit of survivability , and they can farm it very early on in the game when it 's at it 's most effective . Then later on in the game they can start getting a few of those bigger items , and when you get into teamfights rather than a squishy int hero who is going to drop very quickly you have an Alchemist with a core item or two starting to wreck face . Doom in being used by a few teams in a similar manner , and although it 's a greedy choice and can result in a lineup with a weaker early game presence it 's a tactic that can really pay off in longer games .
Treant is another hero that after a shaky start is really starting to find their place in the metagame . Living Armour has received a slight nerf with the damage block now scaling with levels , which means that Treant players will now have to max it out early to get the most out of this skill . Despite this change Treant still pretty much allows a team to give one of their lanes an enormous advantage early game and added survivability even into the later stages .
Overgrowth is a great counter initiation , allowing the team to reorient themselves to respond and have a few seconds breathing space , sort of like a Song of the Siren where you can still hit each other . It 's not particularly effective when used offensively unless there is follow up such as a Reverse Polarity or Epicenter , but trees are n't good at movement anyway . Treant Protector is an extremely strong hero , so much so that we 're seeing them banned in the first ban phase in some games . We all still miss Eyes of the Forest though .
Tier 3
Some interest has been shown in Kunkka by the Western scene , with teams such as Alliance , Team Liquid and Team Dignitas experimenting with him , almost exclusively as a mid lane hero . They can be run in a trilane , but this is predicated upon picking
How the mighty have fallen . Magnus , once a mainstay of the top Tier , falls down amongst the riff raff in Tier 3 . Fifty less damage in Reverse Polarity combined with a slowed bottlecrow means that rather than looking to win their lane , in most matchups Magnus is now just aiming to break even . Players like Alliance 's S4 may keep them in their repertoire due to their familiarity with the hero , but it 's likely most teams are going to pick up Magnus now as a part of a wombo combo lineup , rather than just picking them every game because he 's a good hero like we have seen in the past .
Tier 4
Outworld Devourer absolutely destroys the laning phase one on one . By spamming Astral Imprisonment they not only disrupts their enemies last hitting but gains enough damage through the intelligence steal to make it nigh on impossible to try and deny him . It 's frustrating enough when you ca n't run in to get a last hit and do n't have the mana to cast any spells , but its even worse if you 're playing against OD as an intelligence hero as Astral Imprisonment reduces your base damage as well meaning even less last hits for you .
OD is very susceptible to being ganked , but if a support is n't free to rotate in though that the laning phase can be a painful time for their enemies . He 's no slouch when it comes to dishing out the damage either , adding a ton of pure damage to their auto attacks and a farmed OD can use Sanity 's Eclipse to one hit more popular carries such as Alchemist or Phantom Assassin whose intelligence is quite low . Currently Outworld Devourer is being used by teams that are more comfortable with a more experimental line up , but some very strong recent performances it ca n't be long before more teams sit up and begin to take notice .
The pool of viable carries has been steadily expanding ever since the International when every game was a contest to try and grab Anti Mage before your opponent . These days there is a rich and varied selection available to teams and Spectre is one of the more recent additions to this buffet of one role heroes . Spectre is quite fragile early game and takes can take a lot of farming before she 's ready to start terrorizing the enemy team . However using Haunt they can join team fights at a moments notice without putting themselves in harms way until a definite kill becomes available . This skill is also great for picking off any squishy heroes that separate to try and farm or ward , and can even be used offensively to help a smoked team find the enemy . However Spectre lacks the early to mid game presence that the more popular carries are able to bring to a lineup meaning it 's unlikely she 'll become the next big thing in Dota .
Top tier supports are all picked with one thing in mind : being effective with minimal farm and experience . Sand King is the exact opposite of this . To be effective they need to hit level 11 early as well as find the gold for both Arcane Boots and a Blink Dagger . If Sand King can get to that point then he 's a devastating initiator , as a well aimed Epicenter can destroy any hope the enemy team had of fighting back . If they have a rough start though then it can be very hard for them to catch up , and they may just end up being a dead weight . We rarely see Sand King picked in the West but Na'Vi have picked them in the Alienware Cup finals , so maybe we will see them picked up more similar to Kunkka and Dragon Knight .
Predictions
With the offlane pool reduced , Bounty Hunter looks set to make a comeback . They can have trouble when matched up with a lot of other offlaners such as Lone Druid or Darkseer , but is happy to sit back and leech experience until level six , even against a trilane . Then they can go hunting , and with Track they can very quickly catch up in net worth . With teams picking multiple carries a game Bounty Hunter can help to make sure everyone gets the gold they need to stay relevant . Whether this is enough to get them back into the hero tiers though remains to be seen .
Doom has been popping up here and there over the past month or two in a number of different roles . He 's been used in their more traditional carry role by Virtus Pro , in the mid lane by Sneyking of Dignitas ( who plays Doom as an initiator with a Blink Dagger plus a stomp stolen from a neutral centaur ) or even as a hyperfarming support by Eastern teams such as TongFu . Their ultimate is such a powerful disable that is can completely shut down an enemy hero , even one that does n't rely on spells and with an Aghanims can force them out of a fight or be permanantly doomed .
If a few months ago you 'd asked me to make a list of heroes that will never make it into the meta game , Crystal Maiden would be high on that list . Na'Vi , Virtus Pro and Orange have all shown some interest in them though , and when teams like those start picking a hero you need to take notice . They have a powerful laning presence and Arcane Aura opens up a lot of possibilities for heroes who otherwise struggle with a low mana pool such as Timbwersaw or Tinker . So far their squishiness , slowness and lack of late game relevance has kept them on the side lines , but in this meta game anything is possible .
With the International only a few weeks away , will teams stick with what they know or finally reveal their true form ? Only one thing is certain , and thats that teams will be pulling out all the stops to achieve victory . Keep your eyes glued to Twitch and DotaTV , and as always happy gaming !
Zakir Hussain is India 's iconic tabla maestro . Speaking with Sugandha Indulkar , Hussain discussed the highvolume tolerance debate , why they feel media should temper its tone – and being the first heart throb of Indian music :
We 're seeing considerable debate on tolerance currently – is India a tolerant nation ?
Yes , India is a tolerant nation . Indians know how to live peacefully with each other . We are a diverse country and in our diversity , we 've found peace and compassion .
I am proud to be an Indian . My wife is an American . I can get an American passport – i never went for it . I believe i am an Indian , my father believed it , because there is a deep-rooted connection with the culture and art of India that we are constantly aware of .
At the time of Partition , many people went to Pakistan but we stayed here because we knew we were Indians . It really is unique , this beautiful , culturally rich nation of ours .
We are peace-loving – and we need to hold on this harmony .
We should not give anyone an opportunity to pit us against one another .
But we are hearing many contrarian views . Have you faced any intolerance yourself ?
Not at all . I am the quintessential Mumbai boy . I was brought up in Mahim . My father was the best tabla player i knew . Their discipline and dedication were very inspirational . My parents were staunch followers of Islam . At home , after my morning prayers and riyaaz , i would go to a madrasa and pray .
From there , i 'd go to St Michael 's school , before which i would go to the chapel and say my hymns and novenas . In the evening , i used to go to a temple and then come home to learn tabla again .
No priest or mullah prevented me from doing what i did – i was welcomed into every house of God and i felt blessed in each place . I grew up with this multireligious faith imbibed in me .
Harmony is within us – only when we allow the outside world to disturb our inner peace , do we feel distanced from each other .
Ghazal exponent Ghulam Ali 's concert in Mumbai was thwarted though – should political parties lay down boundaries for music ?
Music is global – it is actually beyond the boundaries of religion or nation .
Political parties do have scores to settle and sadly , sometimes people beyond the ambit of petty politics also have to bear the brunt .
Today , times are tough because certain segments of society are pitting one Indian against another – that is absolutely wrong . The media often adds fuel to this fire in order to increase its TRPs – that is where things need to be corrected .
What role does religion play in your life ?
Religion is a way of life . Music is the way of life for me – therefore , it is my religion . And this religion encompasses all religions in the world .
My father used to say , ‘ I am a worshipper of Maa Saraswati . I love them and they love me , that is it . ' They introduced me to Lord Ganesha 's pakhawaj , to Lord Shiva 's dumroo .
Every religion preaches , ‘ Love thy neighbour . ' I believe if you are kind to the people around you , you have practised your religion .
You 've taken your art to a global stage . What are the challenges you 've overcome in your professional life ?
Well , the first challenge every artiste has to overcome is staleness in art . Tabla is about spontaneity . Sometimes , there is a creative block though which can be difficult to overcome .
Being selfless on stage is another challenge – you know the audience has flocked to hear your rendition but it 's equally important to allow your fellow artiste to present their best .
Another challenge for accomplished artistes is to know that you are not the best – i constantly strive to better myself .
You were the original heart-throb of Indian classical music – is there anyone as cool as you now ?
What do you mean by ‘ were ' ? I am the original heart-throb of Indian classical music even today !
I would n't want any young musician to be like me – they have to be better than me . I offered my best to audiences the world over . Today , i 'm sure there are many young players out there who can play better than me – Indian music gives each an opportunity to create their own identity .
Metadata+ and Ephemeral+ provided news alerts on deaths from US drone attacks , but fell foul of Apple 's regulations
Tracking the number of deaths caused by US drone strikes in countries like Pakistan , Yemen and Somalia ? There are apps for that . Or rather , there were – until Apple removed them from its app store .
Metadata+ was launched in early 2014 by Josh Begley , a data artist and research editor for The Intercept . It used data from the Bureau of Investigative Journalism to send push notifications to its users whenever someone was killed by a US drone .
The app was rejected five times under its original name of Drones+ , before Apple approved it as Metadata+ . A year and a half on , the app has been removed from the App Store , with Begley telling users the cause was “ excessively crude or objectionable content ” – referring to a specific clause in Apple 's developer rules .
The app used text and maps rather than images of the deaths that it reported , so it could not be considered to be even moderately crude .
A screenshot of Begley 's iTunes Connect account published by Gawker makes it clear that it 's the latter half of the clause that caused the removal . “ Your app contains content that many users would find objectionable . ”
Begley told Gawker that while Metadata+ will continue to work for people who have already installed it , new users will not be able to download it .
They run a Twitter account called Dronestream that performs the same role , while their other iOS app Ephemeral+ also records drone strikes , but was removed by Apple after media coverage of the Metadata+ takedown .
Apple had not responded to a request for comment by time of publication .
The company has faced scrutiny before about its approach to censorship with apps – from games about sweatshops , child-labour , people-trafficking , North Korea and the civil war in Syria through to its decision in June to remove games from its store that featured the Confederate flag .
Apple famously spelled out its beliefs that apps should be treated differently to other forms of media and entertainment , in its App Store rules :
“ We view Apps different than books or songs , which we do not curate . If you want to criticize a religion , write a book . If you want to describe sex , write a book or a song , or create a medical App . ”
Apple has shown a willingness to rescind controversial decisions – as in its u-turn over nudity in the game Papers , Please – but Begley has not said whether they plan to appeal the decision to remove Metadata+ from the App Store .
Update : Ephemeral+ has now also been removed by Apple :
Spain has held a successful bond sale after a week of speculation that it may need a bailout .
Thursday 's auction helped the treasury raise 2.074bn euros in an auction of two- , four- and 10-year bonds , comfortably beating its own target range of 1.0-2.0bn euros , Bank of Spain figures have shown .
But the funds came at a high cost , with the 10-year bonds fetching more than six per cent - a rate widely regarded as unsustainable for the state over the longer term .
Investors fear Spain will be forced to snatch an international lifeline because it can not raise the huge sums required to rescue its bad loan-ridden financial sector .
Markets are wary of the unknown cost of bailing out the banks and pessimistic about the state 's struggle to rein in public deficits at a time of recession and high unemployment - one in four Spaniards are currently unemployed .
Spanish officials insist however that the country will not have to follow Greece , Ireland and Portugal in asking for aid from the European Union and International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , which would put Madrid 's finances under tight international scrutiny .
An IMF report on Spanish banks to be released on Monday will price their capital needs at 40-80bn euros , Spanish newspaper ABC said Thursday , citing a draft of the document .
The Spanish authorities have given themselves two weeks to take a decision on how to recapitalise weakened banks .
Political union
Spain 's successful bond sale came as German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for a political union in the EU to solve the eurozone 's debt problems .
After talks on Thursday with David Cameron , UK prime minister , Merkel specified their comments , made in a TV interview , saying that economic policy and public spending should be more broadly aligned among eurozone states .
`` We do n't just need a monetary union . We also need a so-called fiscal union , that is to say , more budget policy making together , '' they said on ARD public television .
`` We especially need a political union , that is , as time goes on , we must , step by step , give up powers to Europe and grant Europe capacities of supervision . ''
At a conference of 93 students at their office , held jointly with Cameron and Jens Stoltenberg , Norwegian prime minister , Merkel said eurozone nations must co-ordinate government spending .
`` It can not be that the one [ country ] runs up a lot of debt and the other earns a surplus every year , '' they said .
`` Long-term it can not be that the one [ country ] spends three per cent of GDP on research and the other spends nothing at all on research . ''
Life alone can be challenging , but when you throw transition into the mix the challenge gets a tad more complicated . Transition is n't easy no matter what anyone says . Never determine whether someone has an easy transition or not based on what you see or hear about the person . Instead listen to them and hear their story of transition because even though the outer appearance of their transition might look easy does not mean they did n't or do n't have battles they fought along the way . Just remember we all have a different journey and fight different battles .
A little update on my journey and where I am at in my transition . My life journey has n't been easy so far as I stated in my very first post and coming out each time was difficult . Since that post I have come out at work which was something I was extremely scared and nervous about because you never know what people 's beliefs or reactions will be . I have had nothing but , good responses so far on the work front . I currently work in the public sector which made it a little more tedious for me to come out . They changed my name badge , my email , and have continuously called me Kayden and used he/him pronouns . Of course every now and than they mess it up , but its the effort to me that counts . I know this is n't an easy part of everyone 's transition so I am definitely not downgrading what it takes to go through this part of everyone 's transition . For me personally it has been an easy process so far and I hope that as I encounter more people that work for the City they have the same understanding as my immediate coworkers .
As you know I have not started hormones , but have my first appointment with the endocrinologist on the 16th of June to get my first shot . I am so excited to start my medical transition and know that along with that their will be some trials and tribulations . Over the years I have done my fair share of research on hormone therapy and what can or may happen along the way . Of course I think like most of us there are things I am not looking forward to and some other things I am super excited about . The day after I get my first shot I go on a ten day vacation so I sure hope I do n't have any strange side effects from my first or second shot . If anyone who has used hormones and has had a reaction if you could please leave a comment below and let me know what it was I 'd appreciate it .
Another part of my transition that has changed is how my grandparents are slowly starting to come around . My grandmother is a diabetic and gets sharp containers all the time at a place that is in town . My grandfather was going out there to get them some and I asked if they could pick me one up while they were out there . To my surprise they did and I was very thankful and hopeful for what is to come . They still use my birth name and she/her pronouns , but they know I start hormones soon and are easier to talk to about my transition now that it has been a while since they found out . I was n't really sure they would ever start to come around in any way what so ever . I thought they would forever stay in their denial world , but we recently had a conversation that once I start growing a beard and looking more masculine that they are going to look stupid if they call me my birth name and use she/her pronouns while we are out in public . My grandfather said they would n't use them out in public at that time . I feel like this is a good first step for them and because I do n't want to ruin the amazing relationship I have with my grandparents they are the only ones I allow to continue to call me my birth name or use she/her pronouns . I know most people would probably say , but it 's your life and you should be called what you want to be called . I agree with you , but when it comes to my grandparents I am more lenient and willing to compromise for the sake of our relationship . Another positive note on the grandparent front is that my grandma is going to go to their first support group with my partner in July . This makes me hopeful that by hearing from other family members that shes not the only one out there that has a transgender grandchild or child .
One part of my transition that is still far away , but am I looking forward to is top surgery . I decided to start a gofundme page to try and get my friends and family to help with freeing me to be me . I know we are all saving for something in our transition and mine right now happens to be for top surgery . If anyone else has advice on how to save for top surgery let me know . Of course I put money away each paycheck for it , but I am always up to hearing new ways to earn money and save it . I know this post was n't on a specific topic it was really just an update on my transition so far . Obviously once I start T I will have a ton more to talk about in regards to my transition . I appreciate all the support I receive from you all ! Stay tuned for more topic post to come .
Advertisements
At Affectiva , our mission is to humanize technology . Using our software development kit ( SDK ) you can be part of this ! Enrich digital experiences . Add emotion awareness to apps , games and other products . Allow devices to respond to users ' emotions in real time . This is Emotion AI .
Use our SDK to detect emotion in real time on device to analyze your recorded media in the cloud . We support 8 platforms including iOS , Android , Web , Windows , Linux , macOS , Unity and Raspberry Pi . We identify 7 emotions , 20 expressions and 13 emojis and include classifiers for age , gender and ethnicity . The SDK detects emotion on individual faces as well as for groups of 20+ . Best of all , our solutions takes just a few hours to setup , giving you the ability to fully emotional enable your applications – in an afternoon !
In addition to our general Emotion SDK , we have also developed Affectiva Automotive AI , our automotive SDK . This solution provides a subset of facial and vocal emotion and cognitive state metrics that are relevant for automotive use cases , and have been tested and trained on large amounts of real-world driver and passenger data . Learn more about Affectiva Automotive AI here .
Facial expression of emotions in GIFs mined from giphy.com using the Emotion SDK
How it Works
The Emotion SDK is designed to analyze spontaneous facial expressions that people show in their daily interactions . Our technology works with any optical sensor , device camera or standard webcam . Computer vision algorithms identify key landmarks on the face – for example the corners of your eyebrows , the tip of your nose , the corners of your mouth . Machine learning algorithms ( classifiers ) then analyze pixels in those regions to classify facial expressions . We use Facial Action Coding System ( FACS ) to classify facial expressions or Action Units ( AUs ) . Combinations of these facial expressions are then mapped to emotions .
The SDK is built on our industry-leading patented science . The highly accurate classifiers have been trained and tested using Affectiva 's massive emotion data repository—the world 's largest emotion database with more than 6.5 million faces from 87 countries analyzed .
Designed for developer ease-of-use , the SDK processes emotion data on-device ( no cloud round trip ) , and the library is lightweight and fast to support a small memory footprint and real-time processing .
“ Leveraging the Affectiva 's SDK we were able to provide a unique way for customers to sample Hershey 's products in real time while they were making a decision at the point of purchase . No other emotion SDK has been as accurate and easy to use. ” Steve McClean – President Wild Blue Technologies
CTV Toronto
CTV News has learned that of the 1.6 million Ontario Drive Clean On-Board Diagnostic tests done this year , the initial failure rate has risen from 5 per cent in 2012 to 8 per cent this year , after changes to the system used for testing vehicles .
About 128,000 cars failed the test this year , after a switch to computerized testing for newer model vehicles . Once they fail , the owner has to pay for a second test .
While older vehicles built in 2006 and earlier are still tested with a two-speed tailpipe test , newer model cars are tested using the vehicle 's computer , which according to the Drive Clean website : “ takes advantage of the computerized monitoring equipment in today 's technologically advanced vehicles . ”
Many of the cars that are failing the new on-board diagnostics ( OBD ) are n't even bad polluters . Many simply fail because the battery in the car had previously died , or there 's a glitch in the car 's computer , but those people still have to pay for a second test after having the issue diagnosed .
Ontario Drive Clean was set up to ensure that vehicles meet the province 's fuel emissions standards . While the program was not intended to make money , it has –- with a running total of $ 19 million in profits for the province 's coffers .
CTV News has learned that the Liberal government is considering cutting the Drive Clean fees to ensure the program stops making profits .
The $ 35 test is mandatory for cars seven years or older , and necessary for vehicle license renewal . The testing is done at more than 2,000 testing stations across the province .
Environment Minister Jim Bradley defended the testing program and said it protects Ontarians from smog or emissions . They say the rise in fail rates is due to better detection .
`` When you have a new program that 's more accurate , more up to date with new equipment , they 're bound to find problems that could n't be detected by a previous test , ” Bradley said .
Peter Tabuns , the NDP critic for energy , says Ontario should be checking the equipment and ensure that people do n't have to have repeat tests unnecessarily . The Conservative critic , Michael Harris , calls the program a `` cash grab . ''
CTV News has also learned that the new testing method for older vehicles is allowing more of the old clunkers to pass . In 2012 , 18.2 per cent of older vehicles failed the emissions test . This year , only 8 per cent are failing .
In 2013 , 10 per cent of vehicles registered to Drive Clean program are model year 1988-1997 .
The United States is reportedly tightening its visa guidelines , with the State Department providing officials with new rules to deny entry or expel visitors .
According to The New York Times , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws their name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration 's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE explained the changes in a cable to U.S. Embassies across the globe .
Under the new rules , the State Department will assume a person with a visa lied on purpose if they do something outside the scope of what they or they told a consular officer . These actions include going to school or marrying a United States citizen , the newspaper said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The rules would make renewing a visa or obtaining a new one difficult should an individual be in this scenario , the Times noted .
The American Immigration Lawyers Association 's associate director of government relations described the new guidance as “ a significant policy change . ”
“ If someone comes to the U.S. as a tourist , falls in love and gets married within 90 days and then applies for a green card , this means the application would be denied , ” Diane Rish told the Times .
A spokesperson for the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) , a staunch proponent of strict immigration policy , said the news rules are “ an effort to prevent people from abusing the legal immigration process . ”
“ The burden of proof should be on the people who say their plans have changed , ” Ira Mehlman told the newspaper .
Infamous for their hate speeches and inciting party workers to unleash violence against rivals , Trinamool Congress leader Anubrata Mandal got a taste of their own medicine when a BJP leader in West Bengal 's Birbhum district threatened to behead him . BJP Birbhum president Dudh Kumar Mondal issued a stern warning to Anubrata , their Trinamool counterpart in the district while addressing a party workers Wednesday .
Infamous for their hate speeches and inciting party workers to unleash violence against rivals , Trinamool Congress leader Anubrata Mandal got a taste of their own medicine when a BJP leader in West Bengal 's Birbhum district threatened to behead him .
BJP Birbhum president Dudh Kumar Mondal issued a stern warning to Anubrata , their Trinamool counterpart in the district while addressing a party workers Wednesday .
“ If you threaten me to cut my head , how would you feel if we chop off your head before that ? If you can set one house of our workers on fire , we are able to set the entire village on fire , ” said Dudh Kumar even as they claimed that they did not believe in violence .
Anubrata , who enjoys the patronage of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , had during the 2013 rural polls in the state called their party worker to set ablaze rival party workers ' houses and hurl bombs at police if they tried to prevent them .
Reacting to the development , state Bharatiya Janata Party president Rahul Sinha said Dudh Kumar has been cautioned for their outburst and asked to be careful about their public speeches .
( IANS )
The violent anti-government street protests that have rocked the Eastern European nation of Ukraine include a smorgasbord of opposition groups and dissenters who strongly object to the rule of President Viktor Yanukovych and the purported influence of Russian leader Vladimir Putin on the nation 's affairs . Clashes between rioters and police have already killed at least 25 people and wounded more than 250 .
The most controversial element of the anti-government alliance is Svoboda ( Freedom ) , an extreme right-wing political party that not only has representation in parliament , but has been dubbed by its critics as a neo-Nazi organization . Britain 's Channel 4 News reported that Svoboda has assumed a “ leading role ” in the street protests in Kiev , with affiliated paramilitary groups prominently involved in the disturbances . Svoboda flags and banners have been featured in the demonstrations at Kiev 's Independence Square . During the continuing street riots , one Svoboda MP , Igor Myroshnychenko , created an iconic moment of sorts when they allegedly helped to topple the statue of Vladimir Lenin outside a government building , followed by its occupation by protesters .
However , despite its extremist rhetoric , Svoboda can not be called a `` fringe '' party – indeed , it currently occupies 36 seats in the 450-member Ukrainian parliament , granting it status as the fourth-largest party in the country . Further , Svoboda is linked to other far-right groups across Europe through its membership in the Alliance of European National Movements , which includes the British National Party ( BNP ) of the United Kingdom and Jobbik , the neo-fascist , anti-Semitic and anti-Roma party of Hungary . The leader of Svoboda , Oleh Tyahnybok , who has appeared at the Kiev protests , has a long history of making inflammatory anti-Semitic statements , including the accusation during a 2004 speech before parliament that Ukraine is controlled by a “ Muscovite-Jewish mafia. ” Miroshnychenko also called the Ukrainian-born American film actor Mila Kunis a “ dirty Jewess . ”
Tyahnybok has also claimed that “ organized Jewry ” dominate Ukrainian media and government , have enriched themselves through criminal activities and plan to engineer a “ genocide ” upon the Christian Ukrainian population . Another top Svoboda member , Yuriy Mykhalchyshyn , a deputy in parliament , often quotes Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels , as well as other Third Reich luminaries like Ernst Rohm and Gregor Strasser .
In response to Svoboda 's anti-Semitic rhetoric , the World Jewish Congress has called for the party to be banned . Indeed , some public events for Ukraine 's tiny Jewish community have recently been canceled over fears of violence . At least two Jews , including an Orthodox student named Dovbear Glickman , have been attacked and beaten by gangs recently – although these assaults have not been linked directly to Svoboda .
In the meantime , if Svoboda and other far-right groups gain greater exposure through their involvement in the protests , there are fears they could gain more sympathy and support from a public grown weary of political corruption and Russian influence on Ukraine .
European and Israeli leaders expressed shock in October 2012 , when Svoboda gained more than 10 percent of the electorate in parliamentary elections , entering the legislature for the first time . ( In some western regions of Ukraine , Svoboda gained as much as 40 percent of the vote . ) As recently as the 2007 parliamentary elections , Svoboda garnered less than 1 percent of the total vote . Founded in 1991 as the Social-National Party of Ukraine , Svoboda has apparently appealed to hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians tired of economic woes and rampant corruption in government . Reports also suggest that the party has derived significant support from the well educated and the young , who suffer from high unemployment .
Among other things , Svoboda seeks to end all immigration and ensure that all civil service jobs are filled by ethnic Ukrainians . The Nation , a leftist American publication , reported that Svoboda also seeks to ban abortions , abolish gun control , “ ban the Communist ideology , ” and prohibit the adoption of Ukrainian children by foreigners . In addition , Svoboda reportedly supports nuclear power ( in the homeland of Chernobyl ) and reinstatement of the death penalty .
Britain 's Channel 4 News reported that Svoboda originally used a `` wolf 's angel '' heraldic cross that somewhat resembled the Nazi swastika as its symbol . Limiting its membership to ethnic Ukrainians , Svoboda also had links to a paramilitary organization called Patriots of Ukraine , which has also stepped into the current imbroglio , leading charges against anti-riot police and shouting nationalist slogans like “ Glory to the nation ! Death to enemies ! ” and “ Ukraine above all ! ”
Svoboda glorifies fascist figures and related slogans from Ukraine 's past – on New Year 's Day , 15,000 Svoboda members and their followers marched in honor of controversial Ukrainian nationalist leader Stepan Bandera , who fought against the Soviets during the Second World War and had ties to Nazi Germany . Their Ukrainian Insurgent Army allegedly took part in the massacre of thousands of Ukrainian Jews and Poles . Tyahnybok has repeatedly sought inspiration from Ukrainian insurgents who fought in World War II . “ They did not fear , but took up their automatic rifles , going into the woods to fight Muscovites , Germans , Jewry and other filth which wanted to take away our Ukrainian nationhood . It 's time to give Ukraine to the Ukrainians , ” they said .
Responding to concerns about their party 's anti-Semitism , Tyahnybok insisted Svoboda is pro-Ukrainian and not hostile to any other group . “ I respect the position of [ Israel ] , which defends the interests of its citizens , ” they said after the parliamentary elections . “ I would like to ask Israelis to also respect our patriotic feelings . Probably each party in the [ Israeli parliament ] Knesset is nationalist . With God 's help , let it be this way for us too. ” Also , in refuting charges of anti-Semitism , Svoboda frequently notes that , like the Jews , Ukrainians also suffered a holocaust -- Joseph Stalin 's induced famine in the 1930s which killed millions .
Svoboda also assails nonwhites . In February , Yuriy Syrotiuk , a Svoboda spokesperson , expressed their unhappiness that Gaitana-Lurdes Essami , a half-Ukrainian , half-Congolese singer , represented Ukraine in the Eurovision music contest , citing that they “ is not an organic representative of the Ukrainian culture. ” Moreover , Svoboda expresses extreme hostility towards homosexuals – party members once attacked and sprayed tear gas at the participants of a gay rights rally in the capital Kiev .
Separately , the integrity and retention of Ukrainian language and culture also represents a pillar of Svoboda 's ideology . Alarmed by the expanding use of the Russian tongue in public and government , the party has advocated for the banning of the foreign language . Among other measures , Svoboda demands that all parliamentarians speak Ukrainian instead of Russian . The Svoboda party has also opposed the renaming of streets in the country to Russian-friendly titles . Indeed , Moscow appears to draw the most opprobrium from Svoboda , which alleges Russia is still suppressing Ukraine and frustrating its integration with the European Union .
Clearly , Svoboda is now taking advantage of the enormous media attention focused upon the Kiev protests . Sergey Kirichuk , an anti-fascist in Ukraine , told Channel 4 News : `` When left-wing groups tried to join the protests they were attacked and beaten by fascists . Svoboda are leading ideologically now . Fascism is like a fashion now , with more and more people getting involved . '' The Nation reported that other right-wing parties , including Trident ( a group of nationalist soccer hooligans ) and an ultra-right wing group called Right Sector have also participated in the Kiev protests .
The Nation criticized Western media for playing down the presence of far-right groups in the Euromaidan protests roiling Ukraine . Maksim Butkevich , the coordinator of an anti-discrimination NGO called the No Borders Project of the Center for Social Action , told The Nation that far-right groups have climbed in popularity since the eruption of the protests in November . “ I would n't say it 's big , that huge numbers of activists will join far-right groups after this , but they became more acceptable and in a way more mainstream than before for many active citizens , ” Butkevich said . But Butkevich warned that if the protests force the resignation of Yanukovych and a new election , nationalists , including Svoboda , could seek to consolidate its apparent gains in the public approval .
The bitter irony of the current protests in Kiev is that while groups like Svoboda are adamantly opposed to the pro-Russian policies of Yanukovych , they also find the “ pro-European , ” pro-democracy stance of most other Euromaidan protesters anathema . Yury Noyevy , a member of Svoboda 's political council , even revealed that the party 's pro-EU stance is only temporary , a device to break off from Russia . “ The participation of Ukrainian nationalism and Svoboda in the process of EU integration is a means to break our ties with Russia , ” Noyevy said . Indeed , a report in The Guardian noted that most of the protesters in Kiev are not interested in democracy at all . “ You 'd never know from most of the reporting that far-right nationalists and fascists have been at the heart of the protests and attacks on government buildings , ” Seumas Milne wrote in the liberal British paper . “ Ukrainians are deeply divided about both European integration and the protests – largely along an axis between the largely Russian-speaking east and south ( where the Communist Party still commands significant support ) , and traditionally nationalist Western Ukraine . Industry in the east is dependent on Russian markets , and would be crushed by EU competition . ”
Buffett continues to employ an array of accounting and other tricks to drastically reduce their tax liabilities . Just to name a few : Buffett has been known to buy companies and cancels their dividends to shield most of their net worth from taxable income . They have also used stock splits to buy companies to help avoid paying taxes on those buys . And , through what is called `` deferred liabilities , '' Berkshire can get out of paying tens of billions of dollars in taxes right now . This is something Buffett themselves has referred to as `` an interest-free loan from the U.S . Treasury . ''
None of this has stopped them from calling for higher taxes on other rich people . And , it makes sense : Higher taxes on the rich , especially estate taxes , would be a major boon to Buffett 's insurance and annuity businesses that help rich Americans avoid those kinds of higher taxes .
As money manager Robert Sanborn wrote four years ago : `` Buffett , at their death , will most likely , relative to their wealth , be the lightest-taxed American in the history of the republic . ''
But this week 's headlines about Buffett are all about how he 's the great guy who 's been paying taxes since they were a young man in 1944 to help the war effort . And you thought Trump was the master at media manipulation ! If they gave out Nobel Prizes for public image building , Buffett 's successful campaign to make themselves look like someone who wants a fairer and more populist tax code would win that prize this year ... and every year .
That is why Trump simply should not bow to any pressure to release their tax returns based on pressure from Buffett . The `` Oracle of Omaha '' is smartly playing an angle here and Trump gains no positives if they suddenly look like he 's giving in to the tax-return pressure . Doing so would be like paying a ransom . Instead , they should take a page out of Buffett 's book and go into much more detail about the tax loopholes they want to close . Trump mentioned the carried interest loophole briefly in the Sunday debate , but it was only briefly and without any of the populist rhetoric and heartfelt words a more adept public manipulator would employ to rally support . They should talk more about how it 's wrong for them to pay lower tax rates and wants to fix it . It probably wo n't work for them as well as it does for the smiley/grandfatherly-looking Buffett , but it 's better than what Trump 's doing now .
By contrast . Buffett knows that the key forces who can successfully sully a billionaire 's reputation come from the Left . So they were savvy and wise to get on their good side by endorsing Barack Obama in 2008 and getting onto Hillary Clinton 's campaign very early last year . Now the Left 's extreme fear and loathing of Trump has given them another chance to appear like their ally by joining in the Trump bashing full speed ahead . They gave them lots of new ammunition this summer when they appeared at an Omaha campaign rally with Clinton . During that rally , they mocked Trump 's business savvy and said a `` monkey with a dart '' would have done a better job investing in the stock market than Trump . But they said it with a smile and you can still be called a nice guy in America when you 're bashing someone , as long as that someone is Donald Trump .
Buffett and company have laid a trap for Trump when it comes to taxes . If Trump wants any chance to bounce back in the polls , they need to avoid it .
Commentary by Jake Novak , CNBC.com senior columnist . Follow them on Twitter @ jakejakeny .
For more insight from CNBC contributors , follow @ CNBCopinion on Twitter .
A Nevada assemblyman came under fire Monday after a YouTube video surfaced in which they told a Republican gathering they would vote to allow slavery if that is what their constituents wanted them to do .
`` If that 's what they wanted , I 'd have to hold my nose ... they 'd probably have to hold a gun to my head , but yeah , '' Assemblyman Jim Wheeler told members of the Storey County Republican Party at a meeting in August .
Their comments were swiftly denounced by Republicans and Democrats alike .
`` Assemblyman Wheeler 's comments are deeply offensive and have no place in our society , '' Republican Gov . Brian Sandoval said in a statement . `` He should retract their remarks and apologize . ''
U.S. Sen. Dean Heller , R-Nev. , called Wheeler 's comments `` insensitive and wrong , '' while the Assembly Democratic caucus said they were `` reprehensible and disgusting . ''
Senate Minority Leader Michael Roberson , R-Henderson , on Twitter said Wheeler 's comments are `` outrageous , they are embarrassing and they are just plain sad . ''
`` It 's time for Jim Wheeler to find a new line of work , '' Roberson said .
Wheeler , a first-year student lawmaker representing District 39 , said their remarks were taken out of context and that they were trying to make a point that they were elected to represent their constituents .
At the August GOP meeting , Wheeler referenced a blog post from conservative activist Chuck Muth , who in June 2010 wrote about Wheeler 's candidacy and said , `` what if those citizens decided they want to , say , bring back slavery ? Hey , if that 's what the citizens want , right Jim ? ''
Wheeler told their audience they responded to Muth and said , `` yeah , I would . ''
Reached late Monday , Wheeler said they were falsely being portrayed as a bigot .
`` Anyone who knows me knows that I could never vote for something like that , '' they said of slavery . `` It 's disgusting . It 's beyond disgusting . ''
They added , `` There is absolutely no room in my life for any bigotry . ''
Watch the video ( starts at about 37:00 ) :
Donald Trump apparated themselves into Lord Voldemort territory this week .
During a much-criticized press conference at Trump Tower on Tuesday , the president walked back their Monday denunciation of neo-Nazis , Ku Klux Klan members and other white supremacists who gathered in a rally that led to violence in Charlottesville , Virginia .
“ You had some very bad people in that group , ” Trump said , referring to protesters , before adding : “ You also had some very fine people on both sides . ”
And J.K. Rowling is n't having it .
Not long after Trump 's speech , the “ Harry Potter ” author and frequent Trump critic , dropped some truth on Twitter :
One good thing about that abomination of a speech : it 's now impossible for any Trump supporter to pretend they do n't know what they are . — J.K. Rowling ( @ jk_rowling ) August 15 , 2017
Leave it to Rowling to find the silver lining .
During Trump 's remarks on Tuesday , they reverted to the original statement they made on Saturday , in which they assigned blame to “ many sides ” of the Charlottesville protests . In particular , they highlighted counterprotesters who arrived in response to white supremacists rallying against the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee .
“ What about the alt-left that came charging at the , as you say , ‘ alt-right ' ? Do they have any semblance of guilt ? ” Trump asked . “ What about the fact that they came charging with clubs in their hands , swinging clubs ? Do they have any problem ? I think they do . ”
They also argued that taking down Confederate statues was comparable to taking down statues of George Washington or Thomas Jefferson , and defended members of their administration that have ties to white nationalism , like Steve Bannon .
Leo 's burgeoning property empire : DiCaprio has spent $ 23 MILLION on three properties since February including Manhattan apartment with vitamin C showers and a 'wellness concierge '
Leo DiCaprio has invested more than $ 23 million in properties since February
Their latest purchase is a $ 10 million apartment at the health-centric Delos building in New York 's Greenwich Village
It boasts posture-supportive heat reflexology flooring and 'dawn simulation ' provided by a circadian lighting design
In March the actor spent $ 8 million to purchase a two-bedroom apartment adjacent to their existing $ 4 million home in Battery Park City
The actor is reportedly currently living in the $ 8 million unit with their 21-year-old model girlfriend Toni Garrn
In February they spent $ 5.2 million on a six-bedroom mansion in Palm Springs , California
After vowing to take ' a long , long break ' from acting , Leonardo DiCaprio has instead turned their attention to developing their property portfolio and has completed on deals worth more than $ 23 million in the past four months .
The latest addition to Leo 's growing real estate empire is a $ 10 million apartment at the health-centric Delos building in New York 's Greenwich Village .
The Wolf Of Wall Street star has purchased a two-bedroom , two and half bath apartment on the fourth floor of the building at 66 West 11th St. , under the corporation name of their Malibu Colony PCH Property , LCC , reports the New York Post .
The latest addition to Leo 's growing real estate empire is a $ 10 million apartment at the health-centric Delos building in New York 's Greenwich Village
The complex - which has WELL certification for its holistic approach to improving human wellness - boasts facilities including vitamin C-infused showers , purified air and water , and a circulated aromatherapy air supply .
It also boasts posture-supportive heat reflexology flooring and 'dawn simulation ' provided by a circadian lighting design .
In addition , Donna Karan 's Urban Zen is providing the building 's residents with a 'wellness concierge ' to ‘ curate and coordinate your daily wellness experience . '
Lucky Leo has also been told they can use a $ 1 million parking space that comes with the building 's 8,000-square-foot duplex penthouse until that apartment is sold .
Getting serious : Leonardo DiCaprio has reportedly moved their girlfriend Toni Garrn , seen here earlier this month , into their recently purchased $ 8 million Battery City Park apartment
Expansion plans : The actor already owns an apartment in the Battery Park City building but in March bought their neighbour 's 2,300-square-foot unit for $ 8 million
The 39-year-old actor has been on a property buying spree recently , splashing out $ 8 million in March on a two-bedroom apartment adjacent to a $ 4 million apartment that they have owned at the eco-friendly 2 River Terrace in Battery Park City since 2008 .
The expectation is that DiCaprio will combine the 2,327-square-foot apartment with their existing home , although they have yet to file plans to combine the two units .
According to InTouch , the Titanic actor has moved the 21-year-old model girlfriend Toni Garrn into the recently purchased unit .
A source told the magazine : 'Leo bought the apartment [ in March ] and quickly moved Toni in with him .
'It seems like they 're really enjoying living together . '
The source added that the couple - who have been dating for almost a year - always look 'happy ' and 'relaxed ' when around the exclusive Riverhouse apartment building .
Holiday home : The Wolf Of Wall Street actor also recently purchased this $ 5.23 million residence in Palm Springs
In February the 39-year-old actor spent $ 5.2 million on a six-bedroom mansion in Palm Springs , California .
The 1.34 acre property has seven bathrooms , a detached state-of-the art gymnasium , a pool house and a tennis court with a glass pavilion surround .
The multi-level , single-story mansion , which was designed by architect Donald Wexler , was built in 1965 and , although it 's been fully renovated , it still features mid-century architecture .
Leo 's property empire also includes a large beachfront estate in Malibu , California .
DiCaprio , who missed out on a Best Actor Oscar for their role in The Wolf Of Wall Street , recently told Germany 's daily Bild that , after working on three films in two years , he 's taking a break .
' I am a bit drained . I 'm now going to take a long , long break , ' the actor said . ' I 've done three films in two years and I 'm just worn out . '
I 've always been , even in my best moments , stuck in what can be charitably described as `` an emotional disconnect , '' with greater humanity . I seem to trade in the minority opinion , a devil 's advocacy on retainer , if you will . I 'm stuck in this perpetual state of not seeing the forest for trees because I 'm too busy hiding , waiting in ambush , hoping to collect definitive proof that they not only do they make a noise when they fall and think no one 's around , but that noise is similar to the whining , panicked screech that I made Pop left Duncan on the bench the second time late in Game 6 .
( I never , ever stop thinking about Game 6 for more than a few hours at a time . I wish I thought about the good times as often too , but the human brain just does n't work that way . At least , mine does n't . )
The point I 'm trying to get at with my clunky prose is that on one hand I completely understand , with my rational brain , why most of the basketball-watching public , whether they 're casual fans or NBA junkies , is salivating over the prospect of another Oklahoma City-Miami Finals .
On the other hand , my artsy , critical , this-is-why-you're-alone brain is left screaming to the heavens , screaming in silence , forever invoking the famous Will Ferrell line in Zoolander , `` Am I taking crazy pills ? ''
We saw this Finals once already . It was mostly one-sided and terrible . Why would anyone want to see that again ?
If you need a refresher , two seasons ago the Thunder took four straight from our beloved Spurs -- after the San Antonio juggernaut had won 20 straight games -- to pull off a slight Western Conference Finals upset and they advanced to the championship round against Miami , who themselves came off the mat in the Eastern Conference Finals , down 3-2 in that series and needing to win an elimination game at Boston before finishing off the Celtics in another tight Game 7 at home .
The 2012 Finals , which at one point seemed to be destined for a match-up of geezer `` big threes , '' and the ultimate winner-take-all showdown between two legendary power forwards in Tim Duncan and Kevin Garnett , suddenly shifted , maybe a year or two ahead of schedule , to a battle of younger dynasties in waiting , a duel between the two best players in the league in LeBron James and Kevin Durant , not to mention their celebrated sidekicks Dwyane Wade , Chris Bosh , Russell Westbrook and James Harden .
Obviously it was debatable whether the Heat or the Thunder were truly better than the teams they just vanquished in the previous round -- how much does a six or seven game sample size tell us , really , in the big picture when a couple of those games are decided by a controversial call or the bounce of a ball here or there ? -- but no one could deny that these teams featured more dynamic , `` above-the-rim '' playmakers . The pundits were overjoyed that they would n't have to cover the staid Spurs or the grouchy Celtics and everyone seemed giddy over the prospect of what a `` fun '' series would be , a Lakers-vs.-Celtics for the 21st century . The TV executives were delighted about the prospect of promoting the first of what promised to be several Heat-vs.-Thunder Finals .
What they got , as it turned out , was more Lakers-vs.-Bulls than Lakers-vs.-Celtics . The Thunder started out brightly and won Game 1 at home , but after that they got a taste of their own medicine and lost four straight themselves , the last , Game 5 in Miami , an embarrassing rout , a coronation for the Heat midway through the third quarter . Only a nine point advantage in the fourth for OKC kept the final margin of 15 cosmetically respectable .
The Thunder lost a game in which Westbrook scored 43 points .
The Thunder were eliminated in five in a series in which Durant averaged over 30 points on 55 percent shooting , and 39.4 percent from downtown .
The Thunder were n't any competition for Miami with James freakin ' Harden .
Miami 's role players were superior , James and Wade blended their talents more coherently than the iso-driven my-turn , your-turn relationship of Durant and Westbrook , and Bosh outplayed their counterpart in Serge Ibaka , showing more composure and a greater wealth of skills . Most of all the Heat had a defensive spine when it mattered .
Are people really expecting them to be more competitive in the Finals this time around ? With no Harden ? With Westbrook 's ever wonky knee ? Based on what ? Seriously , based on what ?
Styles make fights and while I understand for most fans it does n't get more complicated than `` LeBron James and Kevin Durant are the two best players '' + `` They play on two of the best teams , '' = `` I want to see them in the Finals , '' I think the nuanced fan has to understand , even if they have to be dragged to the conclusion kicking and screaming , that the Heat are just a bad , bad match-up for the Thunder . I mean , Miami is a bad match-up for anybody , but they 're really a bad match-up for the Thunder .
To have any chance of winning a best-of-seven series against Miami , short of pulling a Jeff Gillooly on James ' knee ( and I 'm thinking you 'd need something more along the lines of a nuclear warhead at this point to actually injure LeBron than a simple lead pipe ) , a team needs to have five things :
1 ) A reliable post scorer
2 ) A bevy of three-point shooters
3 ) An offense that does n't turn it over too much
4 ) An imposing shot-blocker
5 ) Athletic perimeter defending
The Thunder have one of those things , the shot-blocker in Ibaka , maybe two on a good day in the three-point shooting . They 're among the most turnover-prone offenses in the league ( the Spurs , even with their rash of turnovers lately , are only 12th ) . They 're also 14th in three-point percentage .
The other three ? Not so much .
According to MySynergySports.com , the Thunder use the post-up less than just about any team in the league , just 6.2 percent of their possessions ( h/t to J. Gomez for their sleuthing in these efforts ) and it 's among the least successful things they do , as for as points-per-possession goes , though to be fair that 's the case with post-ups for almost anybody . It 's just not that efficient .
The Spurs , by contrast , post up on 9.1 percent of their possessions . You 'll note it 's more effective for them than , say , isolation .
The team that posts up the most , you wo n't be at all surprised to find out , is the Pacers , at 14.4 percent . Roy Hibbert 's dominance had a lot to do with them taking the Heat to seven games last year , despite the Pacers having no bench whatsoever .
Looking at a couple of the other contenders , the Clippers only post-up 8.3 percent of the time , but they 're third in the league in terms of efficiency with it , at .93 PPP . The Blazers post up 12.3 percent of the time , but are n't good at it at all , scoring just .83 PPP ( not too surprising when you consider LaMarcus Aldridge 's game ) .
Having an imposing shot blocker and just a strong interior defense in general is rather important against Miami because they just happen to be ... wait for it ... the most effective post-up team in the league , thanks to the efforts of James and Wade .
1.02 PPP on post-ups . That 's just sick . It reads like something Wilt Chamberlain 's Philadelphia Warriors teams would 've pulled off . As you can see , the Heat are great , infuriatingly so , at just about everything , and as a testament to Erik Spoelstra 's coaching , the stuff they 're the worst at is the stuff they waste the least time doing . They play to their strengths .
Anyway , it 's absolutely vital to have an interior presence against the Heat , or they 'll just destroy you on post-ups , cuts , and drives to the rim , but their preference on playing small makes it hard for opponents to pack the lane against them . Only the Pacers seem to be able to get away with the `` we do n't care what you 're doing , we 're sticking with Hibbert and David West '' mentality . West scores enough that the Heat have to account for him , the Pacers dominate the boards on both ends and even when the Heat try to spread the Pacers out Hibbert can still protect the lane all by their lonesome . For the Spurs or the Thunder to match this strategy , Tiago Splitter and/or Kendrick Perkins would have to be able to score as efficiently as West , and they just ca n't .
The final piece of the puzzle for combating the Heat is to have strong , athletic perimeter defenders and this is where Kawhi Leonard , Danny Green , Boris Diaw , and , to a much lesser degree , Manu Ginobili come in . The Pacers meanwhile have Paul George , Lance Stephenson and George Hill .
The Thunder , meanwhile , have who , exactly ? Thabo Sefolosha has aged in dog years , to the point where the Thunder were reportedly trying to trade for Iman Shumpert from the Knicks , and he 's their worst rotation defender outside of Westbrook and rookie Steven Adams . Durant has length but their defensive awareness and energy comes and goes . Derek Fisher 's only weapon is trying to draw charges and Jeremy Lamb is a callow youngster .
Granted , I know the Thunder remain a bad match-up for the Spurs . They do n't try to post-up at all , when interior defending is the best part of the Spurs defense . Their GM , Sam Presti , an ex-Spurs executive , practically built the team with an eye on exploiting all of the Spurs weaknesses , both philosophically and personnel-wise . The catch-22 of it is that roster building goes and grand planning goes poof against Miami , a `` small '' team that plays big in disguise . As much as Spurs fans have to secretly hope that someone knocks off the Thunder before they have to face them in the playoffs , Thunder fans have to be thinking along similar lines for the Heat ( and , thanks to the Pacers , they have more of a chance for having those hopes realized ) .
I know OKC beat Miami and split this season , with each blowing out the other on the road , but I think the Thunder 's win was mostly an anomaly , unless you really think Fisher , Lamb and Perry Jones will combine for ten threes again . That 's just not gon na happen , especially in the bright lights of the Finals .
I 've never been one to gamble on basketball , but I promise you that if the Thunder and Heat do meet in the Finals , like pretty much everyone at ESPN is desperately rooting for , I will place a sizable wager on Miami , and I 'll encourage everyone to do the same .
Now if you 'll excuse me , I 'll be performing a ritual sacrifice so that match-up does n't come to pass .
That being said , there are huge question marks on the pitching side that will have to be addressed by the new front-office team of GM Alex Anthopoulos and president Mark Shapiro . Nothing has yet been formalized regarding the return of Anthopoulos but , at this stage , if they do n't return it will likely be their choice . Shapiro 's first official day as prez is Nov. 1 and GM is a priority .
KANSAS CITY—The Blue Jays are by no means looking at this as a one-and-done in terms of qualifying for the post-season . There seems to be a legitimate window open for at least one more year based on the number of key offensive players under contract that will return .
In terms of a 2016 batting order , it 's amazing the Jays only lose a grand total of 526 plate appearances from players that finished the season with them . The list of players likely to be shown the door includes catcher Dioner Navarro , outfielder Ezequiel Carrera plus infielders Cliff Pennington , Munenori Kawasaki and Darwin Barney . Everyone else is under club control .
That means , without lifting a finger to dial a fellow GM 's number , the opening day lineup could list Ben Revere , Josh Donaldson , Jose Bautista , Edwin Encarnacion , Troy Tulowitzki , Chris Colabello/Justin Smoak , Russell Martin , Kevin Pillar and Ryan Goins . The bench could be chosen from among a recovered Michael Saunders and Devon Travis , Dalton Pompey and Josh Thole .
But it 's on the pitching side the Jays will need to do a lot of heavy lifting to ensure they have what it takes to repeat as a playoff team .
Eligible for free agency from among the pitchers will be David Price , Mark Buehrle , Marco Estrada , LaTroy Hawkins , Mark Lowe and Jeff Francis . That group of six pitchers cost the Jays a combined $ 33 million ( U.S. ) this year — if you narrow Price 's salary down to the amount the Jays had to pay after acquiring them at the end of July . There are big decisions on the pitching staff to be made .
The biggest question mark of all is Price and whether to be competitive on trying to re-sign them or to spend those resources elsewhere and rationalize the belief that having Marcus Stroman for a full season is the equivalent at the top of the rotation as bringing back Price — which it is n't .
What will Price be looking for ? They are 30 , so they will want seven years , because who wants to negotiate another contract at 35 or 36 ? They will want between $ 22 million- $ 30 million per season , because that is the range of the top nine pitcher salaries in major league history . The list includes Clayton Kershaw ( seven years/ $ 215M ) , Max Scherzer ( seven/ $ 210M ) , Justin Verlander ( seven/ $ 180M ) , Felix Hernandez ( seven/ $ 175M ) , C.C . Sabathia ( seven/ $ 161M ) , Masahiro Tanaka ( seven/ $ 155M ) , Jon Lester ( six/ $ 155M ) , Zack Greinke ( six/ $ 147M ) and Cole Hamels ( six/ $ 144M ) . Price fits nicely within that group .
It says here the Jays will not bring Price back . As for Buehrle , they will either retire or take a short-term contract with a team in the U.S. Midwest . That 's 24 wins between the two veterans that need to be replaced . As for Estrada , the Jays have an excellent chance of bringing them back for a three- or four-year deal at a reasonable number . He 's already 32 and Toronto is where they had their first real success .
Remember , the Jays are not just trying to compete in 2016 , they will be trying to repeat their trip to the October dance-floor . But they can be looking at a rotation of Stroman , R.A. Dickey , Estrada , Aaron Sanchez and Drew Hutchison . Sanchez was a starter until they were hurt in June and was rehabbing as a starter before they realized they needed immediate help in the eighth inning . They will likely be a starter again next spring . However , that quintet of potential starters only combined for 665 innings and 48 wins . Clearly , minus Price there will need to be at least one major signing or a trade .
AT HUAY XAI on the Thailand-Laos border , around 1,000km downriver from Mr Guo 's house in Cizhong , a sampan 's tubercular engine kicks in with a wheeze , a gag and a violent sneeze of black smoke . As the motor stammers a tiny conductor terrorises the boat , calling brusquely for tickets , chastising people for where and how they sit , shouting at the pilot to get a move on . As the boat pulls away they jump off , smoking and yelling the whole time . Some of the locals immediately set about the business of napping , using rice sacks as pillows . Others spread bolts of fabric to picnic on , pulling out plastic bags of grilled chicken , sticky rice , bamboo shoots and tiny , floral South-East Asian oranges . The tourists , meanwhile , open cans of beer—except for the Brits , who open bottles of rotgut Thai whiskey . Tourists and locals alike start the journey staring at their phones . Eventually reception wanes and they are forced to gaze out at the wonder on all sides .
By the time it reaches Huay Xai the Mekong has already run more than the entire length of the Rhine and descended more than 3,000 metres—handily more than the Rhine manages . It still has almost two Rhine-lengths to go—but along that journey it will only drop a further 400 metres . It is a lowland river now , lush and steady . The evening chill of Mr Guo 's kitchen has been replaced by ripe , vaguely fetid South-East Asian warmth .
About two hours into the two-day journey east from Huay Xai to Luang Prabang , the boat pulls over to a muddy shore , distinguished only by a concrete staircase cut into the side of a mountain . As the boat approaches people suddenly appear out of the jungle at the top of the stairs . The scene repeats itself with minor variations throughout the journey : a muddy path rather than a staircase , a rickety little jetty or two . A couple of hours before the boat pulls in to regally sleepy Luang Prabang , it passes the Pak Ou caves : two caverns in a mountainside from which hundreds of Buddha statues brought by devotees stare down at passing boats .
Just downstream from Luang Prabang , the $ 3.5 billion , 1.3GW Xayaburi dam is rising—one of nine this country of 6.8m mostly rural , mostly poor people plan for the Mekong mainstream . Laos wants hydropower to be its main source of revenue by 2025 : it plans to sell its capacity to neighbouring countries . The Thai government has agreed to buy 95 % of Xayaburi 's power . Six Thai banks have financed the dam and a Thai construction firm is building it .
Laos 's downstream neighbours are far less enthusiastic . Cambodia ( two dams of its own planned ) and Vietnam ( no suitable sites for dams at all ) , worried about the impacts that the Xayaburi dam will have on fisheries and water flow , have lodged objections with the Mekong River Commission that was set up by Cambodia , Laos , Thailand and Vietnam in 1995 . The MRC is meant to facilitate co-operation among the countries that share the watershed ; China and Myanmar have the status of “ dialogue partners ” .
Environmental groups warn that by turning a free-flowing river into a series of reservoirs the upstream Lao dams could wipe out the Mekong 's two largest freshwater species : the giant catfish and the giant pangasius . Similar warnings have been raised about the Don Sahong dam—which would span the Mekong across the breathtakingly beautiful Si Phan Don ( Four A Thousand Islands ) region near Laos 's border with Cambodia—and about Cambodia 's giant Sambor dam , which may destroy one of the last remaining habitats of the Irrawaddy dolphin .
The Xayaburi dam 's builders have redesigned its sluice gates to allow more nutrient-rich sediment to flow downstream , and widened its fish pass to accommodate more fish of different species . The Lao government says these tweaks will alleviate the worst harms . Environmentalists are less certain . Fish passes in dams have been repeatedly found not to live up to promises made for them , particularly when fish must pass through multiple sets , as they would if Laos builds all its planned dams .
The Mekong might survive a few big mainstream dams , but a dozen—plus dozens more on its tributaries—present a qualitatively different sort of threat . This highlights a recurring theme of Mekong development : dam-builders tend to assess the impact of each dam individually ; NGOs pay more attention to the cumulative effect of multiple dams . The NGOs also worry that with every new dam built , further dam-building becomes more normal , and the next project thus becomes easier to justify .
Environmentalists think both that such synergies make the harm done by dams greater than governments claim , and that the benefits are overestimated . Touting hydropower as “ green ” because it can be used in the place of fossil-fuel derived electricity overlooks external costs such as compensation and relocation , lost agricultural productivity and biodiversity and lowered water quality . And although benefits may be large ( especially for electricity exporters ) , they are hardly overwhelming , especially in the context of broader development . Power demand in the region is expected to more than double between now and 2025—having already doubled from 2005 . According to Richard Cronin , a Mekong specialist at the Stimson Centre , an American think-tank , the nine Lao and two Cambodian dams currently discussed would provide just 6-8 % of the total electricity needs of the lower Mekong basin by 2030 , with most of the power going to Thailand . “ For that , ” Mr Cronin asks , “ you 're going to kill the river ? ”
Pressure from downstream countries and international NGOs has slowed Laos 's progress on its next two dams , the Don Sahong and the Pak Beng , and has forced developers to spend more money studying potential downstream harms . But Laos is a poor country with few natural resources that sees hydropower as its route to development . In the absence of better options , concerned citizens and the governments of the downstream neighbours may be able to do little more than delay Laos .
For now the Mekong remains blissfully unobstructed as it passes from Laos into Cambodia—except for the bloom of tiny islands that give Si Phan Don its name . People live on just a few of these islands . Some cater to tourists happy to spend a few days rafting the occasional rapids and listening to the Mekong rush past . But many are little more than a clump of rock and mud on which sprays of rivergrass and shrubs have taken root , still green against flowing brown . Past the waterfalls roiling the water into spume the river relaxes again . On clear days it becomes a hazy mirror , the stark blue above turning to indistinct brightness below .
Mailuu-Suu is a small town of 20,000 inhabitants in Kyrgyzstan , a former member of the Soviet Union . In 2006 , it was found to be the fourth most polluted site in the world by the Blacksmith Institute .
The reason ? Between 1948 and 1968 , over 10 million tonnes of uranium were extracted from the surrounding mountains and sent to Moscow , to feed the Soviet atomic programme . Over the course of those 20 years , two million cubic metres of radioactive mining waste were stored around the town , creating a real environmental disaster .
Numerous studies conducted during the 2000s have identified the seepage of radioactive components into the local river . The level of heavy metals and radionuclides in the town 's tap water , in homes and public buildings , has on occasions been thirty times higher than the limit set by the European Union .
In an interview given to RFL , Rarmen Toychev , a scientist from the Kyrgyz Academy of Sciences , stated that there is a direct link between the radioactivity found in Mailuu-Suu and a number of health conditions : “ In 98 per cent of cases , people living close to the storage sites suffer from thyroid and liver diseases . ”
At the same time , however , Tchynybekov Nourlan , co-director of the Mailuu-Suu hospital , maintains that the statistics on the illnesses observed in Mailuu-Suu indicate that the radioactivity has no impact on the local people 's health .
The effects of the nuclear industry is still a matter of debate in this town .
The World Bank has financed works to reinforce and relocate the most exposed storage sites . These measures have , however , fallen short of durably securing all the areas concerned .
On 30 March 2017 , the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) , the European Commission and the government of Kyrgyzstan met in Bishkek to reach an agreement designed to tackle the threat posed by the legacy of Soviet uranium production . But the funding still has to be raised and the study on Mailuu-Suu will not be completed until the end of 2018 .
In the meantime , the locals live as best they can with this legacy and the threat hanging over them .
Various radioactive mining waste disposal sites are located on the very bank of the river that flows from the surrounding mountains .
In some spots , the levels of radionuclides in the river water are 200 times higher than the level recommended by the World Health Organisation .
Seismic activity in the region is high , and landslides and mudslides are commonplace . A number of the storage sites , located dangerously close to the river , risk contaminating the watercourse supplying several million people across Kyrgyzstan and Central Asia . Several incidents have already been recorded .
A study conducted in 2010 by the Central Asia-Caucasus Institute & Silk Road , an American-Swedish think tank , found a high level of radioactivity at this spot .
Given the significant erosion and its proximity to the river , the facility was supposed to be moved to a more secure location . But according to a 2013 World Bank report , “ Because of the delays in the project progress , the financial situation and the fact that the radiation survey did not monitor elevated radiation levels and trial pits could not locate any mine tailing materials , the decision was made by the client that the contaminated material of TP 18 , if at all present , would not be hauled to TP 6 but instead direct access and fluvial erosion from the river could be prevented by additional protection measures . ”
Every three months , Islam Altymychev tests the river water and the various storage sites . They assure Equal Times that the level of radioactivity is below the safety threshold of one microsievert per hour .
“ Recent readings show that some of the houses in the town , the stone ones , were built with materials brought from the uranium mines ; the radioactivity in these houses is almost above acceptable parameters but still within the safety limits . ”
The authorities have introduced protective measures over recent years , but they are not sufficient . Altymychev 's situation is emblematic of the lack of resources : during their holidays , they have to work for the town 's green space maintenance service to supplement their salary , which is not enough to live on .
In 2010 , a study at this precise spot gave a reading of 30 microsieverts per hour , which is 30 times the level of radioactive exposure recommended by the European Union .
Many inhabitants of Mailuu-Suu say they are not concerned about the radioactivity in the environment . Like Murzayem , a 63-year-old with four grandchildren , some believe that those born in Mailuu-Suu are immune to it . “ It 's a problem for you , those who come from outside . You should n't stay too long , ” they laugh .
Sabira Kotchibekova watches over the cattle that grazes freely in the mountains , and sometimes on the radioactive sites themselves . The safety fences were taken down long ago to be used elsewhere .
“ I used to have a house near one of the dumps , ” they explain . “ It was destroyed in a landslide . But I 'm not afraid , not of the radioactivity nor the landslides . ”
On probing a little further , some of the locals express more nuanced emotions : “ Of course we are afraid , ” said a taxi driver , just a few minutes after saying their immune system was too strong to be affected . “ But where else can we go ? ”
On that Sunday , only three people attended the service given at the church . The descendants of the Russians , Tatars and Ukrainians who came to work in Mailuu-Suu are becoming increasingly rare .
“ The fall of the Soviet Union was hard for many people , ” recounts Svetlana Vladiminova . “ After being sent here to build this town , over fifty years before , and after two or three generations , many people went back to their countries of origin across the USSR . But some did n't have that option , as they had no relatives left in their own country . ”
The bakery produces one tonne of bread a day , ten times less than the amount produced every day during the Soviet era . For 50 years , the town was one of the flagships of Soviet production , and the wages there were high . Many of the locals are nostalgic about that bygone era .
Now , young people leave to go and find work in neighbouring Kazakhstan or Russia . Just hours before their departure for a Russian town several thousand kilometres from Mailuu-Suu , Eminov ( his name has been changed ) tells us : “ There are no jobs here now . I 'm going to Siberia for work . I do n't know for how long . ”
They pause and then goes on to say : “ But I will come back . I will found a family here : my life is here in Mailuu-Suu . ”
COLUMBUS , Ohio – They 're big , they 're fast and they 're young .
Those were the three pillars Paul Maurice focused on after taking over as head coach of the Winnipeg Jets on Jan. 12 of 2013 .
And those three building blocks have allowed the Jets to forge an identity that allowed them to go into the NHL All-Star break with a record of 26-14-8 , good for 60 points and a firm grip on the first wild-card berth in the Western Conference standings .
Both the St. Louis Blues and Chicago Blackhawks are only two points up on the Jets , while the first-place Nashville Predators remain within striking distance at 65 points .
It 's no secret that the Jets ' commitment to their defensive structure , excellent goaltending and a heightened and more consistent compete level are the biggest reasons for their outstanding start .
With that in mind , let 's take a look at the grades for the position groups , coaching and management through 48 games of the season .
Goaltending ( A- ) – Without a doubt , this was the biggest question the Jets faced coming into the season but it quickly transformed from a potential area of weakness to a strength . Ondrej Pavelec 's numbers have improved steadily ( from a 3.01 goals against average and .901 save percentage last season to a 2.47 goals against average and .913 save percentage this season ) , while Michael Hutchinson has continued their meteoric rise and currently finds themselves second in the NHL in goals against average ( 1.95 ) and save percentage ( .935 ) among netminders with at least 20 appearances . Hutchinson was nearly added to participate in the NHL All-Star game , but Brian Elliott of the St. Louis Blues got the call to replace Sergei Bobrovsky of the Columbus Blue Jackets instead . The Jets are among the top teams in the NHL in goals against and improved goaltending is a big reason why . How the starts are distributed during the stretch drive will be a fascinating story to watch . But having two viable options is rarely a bad thing .
Defence ( B+ ) – Ravaged by injuries and playing without four of their top blue-liners for a considerable chunk of the second quarter of the season , it 's a minor miracle this group found a way to be as stingy as they were . Dustin Byfuglien gets a whole lot of credit for that , playing some of the best hockey of their career after moving back to the blue-line on a full-time basis on Dec. 5 . In 22 games , Byfuglien had seven goals and 20 points while playing 24 minutes or more in 18 of them , often controlling the play while adding a more physical component to their game . Having Ben Chiarot come up from the minors and provide steady minutes alongside Byfuglien was critical as well . With the group closing in on full health , there 's more depth on the back end than at any point since the Jets returned to the NHL .
Forwards ( B ) – The Jets are no longer a one-line hockey team , but there 's little question that Bryan Little , Andrew Ladd and Blake Wheeler still drive the bus . Since the trio was reunited on Nov. 18 , they 've combined for 28 goals and 78 points in 29 games . Ladd is 25th in league scoring , but it 's about the improved balance for this group , as six forwards have already hit double digits in goals ( Little , Ladd , Wheeler , Mathieu Perreault , Michael Frolik and Evander Kane ) . The forwards play a physical game and have done a good job providing back pressure that has also played a role in the improved defensive-zone play .
Coaching ( A ) – Maurice has instilled a belief in the Jets that has allowed them to reach new heights . He 's also handled their goalies very well and dealt with a rash of injuries to the blue-line that would have sunk most teams . One thing Maurice needs to do better during the stretch drive is find a way to get more minutes out of their fourth line . That group has been better lately but needs to be in that eight-minute range or the Jets will run the risk of running down its top forwards . The penalty kill has been excellent all season , while the power play has been better since November but has room for improvement .
Management ( B ) – The patient , conservative approach of general manager Kevin Cheveldayoff is n't for everyone , but it 's finally yielding some results . The addition of versatile forward Mathieu Perreault in free agency was one of the best bargains of the summer , while bringing in veteran defenceman Jay Harrison to help stop the bleeding when the injuries hit came at little cost . Cheveldayoff also left some room for their developing players ( like Adam Lowry ) to force their way onto the roster with a strong training camp . But now that the Jets are in contention , can Cheveldayoff find a depth forward or two to bolster the bottom-six without sacrificing too much ? And will they get Frolik signed to an extension before losing them as an unrestricted free agent ? If the answer is yes on both fronts , Cheveldayoff 's grade will improve further .
Ken.wiebe @ sunmedia.ca
Twitter.com/WiebeSunSports
Story highlights Tea party-infused talk of confrontation absent from some GOP House candidates
`` Young Guns '' stress need to work with Democrats to get things done in Washington
Group includes openly gay ex-Massachusetts state lawmaker , black female mayor from Utah
What a difference two years make . Instead of a band of rabble-rousing conservatives , a markedly different group was plotting campaign strategy with House Republican leaders at a recent party headquarters meeting .
Ivy league graduate from California . Unlike the take-no-prisoners approach of two years ago , these candidates stressed the need to work with Democrats to get things done in Washington . Gone is the tea party-infused talk of confrontation . This diverse group -- top-tier candidates picked to be in the GOP 's `` Young Guns '' program -- includes an openly gay former Massachusetts state legislator , an African-American female mayor from Utah and an Indian-AmericanIvy league graduate from California . Unlike the take-no-prisoners approach of two years ago , these candidates stressed the need to work with Democrats to get things done in Washington .
Richard Tisei , who was one of the few Republicans in the Democratic-dominated Massachusetts Senate , said that voters are frustrated with a polarized Congress and that they have a record of getting things done .
`` I can bring my experience , having served in the Legislature on , you know , a state level , down here and hopefully bring some common sense and willingness to work across the aisle , '' Tisei told CNN .
If Tisei beats eight-term Democratic Rep John Tierney in November , they would be the first House Republican to say he 's gay while running for a first term in office . They support same-sex marriage and signed onto a legal challenge to overturn the Defense of Marriage Act , a law GOP leaders are fighting to uphold in the federal courts .
`` I am a live-and-let-live Republican . I think the government , again , should get off your back , out of your wallet and away from the bedroom , '' Tisei said .
Further proof that they do n't fit the traditional GOP candidate mold -- Tisei refuses to sign a pledge that they will not raise taxes .
`` If there are loopholes that could be closed , help pay down the deficit , I do n't want to tie myself up in knots . I want the option of being able to do what needs to be done to help the country , '' they said .
The Young Guns program Tisei recently joined was started in 2007 by three Republican rising stars -- Reps. Eric Cantor of Virginia , Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Kevin McCarthy of California . The three were concerned their party was n't doing enough to grow its base and recruit candidates in districts where the GOP lost in 2006 . The program grew to support 90 candidates in 2009 and became part of the National Republican Congressional Commitee . Those selected for the program received financial and political support from the national party , and 62 of them won in 2010 , helping to return the House gavel back to the GOP .
Democrats have a similar program they call `` Red to Blue . ''
McCarthy , who led GOP recruiting two years ago , which included outreach to females and minorities , told CNN `` the caliber of the candidates has only improved higher because of the success of the last one . '' The third-ranking House Republican said they think leaders will pick 30 to 40 Young Guns by this fall .
Fitting the `` young '' part of the bill is Indian-American Ricky Gill , 25 , who hopes he 'll become the youngest member of Congress next year . A Princeton University graduate who has endorsements from popular Republican Govs . Chris Christie of New Jersey and Nikki Haley of South Carolina , Gill said their campaign represents a `` GOP version 2.0 . '' They boast that he 's raised the most money of any Republican challenger in the country in their bid to unseat Democratic Rep. Jerry McNerney in California .
Gill said the 9th Congressional District in California is the `` quintessential swing '' district . `` The person who 's going to win that race is the one who creates broad agreement about the issues of our day -- it 's getting people back to work ; it 's focusing on our agriculture economy . Those actually are consensus issues . ''
More so than Tisei or Gill , Mia Love may defy most people 's expectations of a GOP candidate -- a black , conservative Mormon from Utah . If elected to represent Utah 's 4th Congressional District , Love , the mayor of Saratoga Springs , would be the first black Republican member of congress .
`` There are a lot of people who have tried to define me as a person , '' Love , a daughter of Haitian immigrants , told CNN 's Kyra Phillips in an interview last month
This year , McCarthy and other Republicans said divided government in Washington means candidates need to stress their ability to find solutions .
Brad Dayspring , a senior adviser to YG Action Fund , a super PAC that supports House Republican candidates , told CNN that in 2010 candidates talked about repealing President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul , criticizing the spending in the stimulus program and opposing Democratic proposals such as cap and trade , but this year the message centers on `` solving problems . ''
Dayspring , a former Cantor aide , said the party 's ideology and issues are n't changing as Republicans work to increase the GOP majority , but they noted `` a conservative in Massachusetts is going to look a lot different from a conservative in Arkansas . '' Their group is evaluating GOP candidates across the country and plans to support 15 to 25 this cycle .
House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , insists the party is n't getting a makeover , saying Friday of these candidates , `` We did n't choose them for their demographics or their style . They just happen to be good candidates in districts that are winnable for us . ''
Democrats facing these Young Gun candidates said their talk of compromise does n't add up . Early and often Democrats are tying all of these challengers to the House GOP budget authored by Ryan , which passed without a single Democratic vote and which , they argue , will end Medicare .
Gill refuses to get drawn in , saying they `` salutes the idea of us having this discussion , '' but steers clear of personally endorsing the House Republican plan and instead zeroes in on their support of one piece of the plan that Ryan co-authored with a Senate Democrat .
Democrats insist Republicans will change their moderate message if they win , and they 'll become just like the GOP members elected two years ago .
Tierney , Tisei 's Democratic opponent in Massachusetts , told CNN , `` He 's going to fall right in line with them , and they 're the ones that wo n't compromise and we 've had compromise all the way up until the tea party election in 2010 . ''
Rep. Adam Kinzinger , an llinois first-year student Republican who was one of the Young Guns two years ago , said 2010 was `` a very special year because people were just ticked off so you saw all these grass-roots Americans saying I can run for Congress , and I did that as a military guy with no significant legislative experience . ''
But Kinzinger said that 2010 was an `` outlier '' election and that this year candidates need to show a vision for how they 'll produce results . `` I think it 's important that Republicans and Democrats start basically reaching across the aisle and finding the areas ( where ) we agree and at least moving forward on those , '' they said .
Despite the anti-incumbent mood and approval ratings for Congress at a record low , McCarthy , the House majority whip , said they believe voters will stick with Republicans this fall . `` I think the public sees some change in Congress , but they want to finish the job , '' they said .
Although Boehner recently warned there was a 1-in-3 chance Republicans could lose seats in the House , McCarthy was more bullish on the party 's electoral position , telling CNN that `` there 's an opportunity to gain in the overall number '' of GOP seats . They cited the Young Guns program as the way to `` keep us on offense . ''
The parents of a 15-year-old Connecticut girl sued a summer camp in Massachusetts on Monday , saying their daughter was kicked out of camp last month after a boy kissed them
The girl was sent home from Camp Emerson in Hinsdale and a camp official falsely accused them and the boy of sexually provocative behavior , according to the lawsuit filed in Bridgeport Superior Court . It also says they suffer from emotional and psychological disorders including obsessive compulsive disorder .
Neither the girl nor their parents are named in the suit . The boy was also kicked out of camp , said Rosemarie Arnold , attorney for the girl 's family . Sue Lein , the camp director , declined to comment .
The relationship between the girl and boy `` became the summer romance that most teens yearn for , '' the lawsuit said .
`` This summer romance made plaintiff Jane , a child of divorced parents who suffers from anxiety , obsessive compulsive disorder and treats with a psychiatrist and medications , and who always felt insecure and inferior to their peers , feel confident and beautiful for the very first time in their life , '' the lawsuit said .
Male counselors at the camp had encouraged the boy to kiss the girl , according to the lawsuit . A camp handbook does not prohibit kissing , the suit said .
The girl , who lives in Westport , was escorted out of the camp by a uniformed police officer and was forbidden from saying goodbye to their friends and counselors , according to the lawsuit . The family spent $ 6,450 for the four-week camp , which was not refunded , Arnold said .
The lawsuit seeks more than $ 600,000 in damages , alleging negligent infliction of emotional distress , defamation and other claims .
Ah , those crazy kids over at Americans United for Separation of Church and State …
Glee 's Jane Lynch and Comedy Central 's Jordan Peele teamed up for a Peaches & Herb-style breakup song between Church ( Glee ) and State ( Peele ) :
“ We 're Church and State / and we need to sep-ar-ate / ‘ Cuz we 're all up on each other and we 're hurtin ' one another and it 's causing hate… ”
How many of you can correctly spell “ knaidel ” ? 13-year-old Arvind Mahankali did , and won the National Spelling Bee ( and $ 30,000 ) for knowing the Yiddish word for a Jewish dumpling .
Outspoken Catholic priest , sociologist and sometimes steamy novelist Andrew Greeley has died at age 85 . Their beloved Chicago Tribune has the most comprehensive account of their long career .
( Fun fact : both Greeley and Protestant historian Martin Marty were both born on Feb. 5 , 1928 . The story goes that the two Chicagoans promised each other that whoever survived the other would preach at their funeral . )
Why are evangelicals all of a sudden in love with immigration reform ? Look no further than the tornado damage in Moore , Okla. , where churches reached out to storm victims , which included more than a few undocumented families from their own pews .
But do n't tell that to conservative evangelical icon Phyllis Schlafly , who thinks the GOP outreach to Hispanics would be better spent on reaching “ white voters ” because there 's not “ any evidence at all that these Hispanics coming in from Mexico will vote Republican . ”
Our pal Jim Martin ( who needs no introduction , nor more press ) is featured in a Slate series on how to make a midlife career change ; they went from frustrated corporate exec to Jesuit priest and chaplain to the Colbert Nation .
Liberty Counsel 's Matt Barber says gay and lesbian couples who want to adopt kids should really just adopt a pet because , in their mind , it 's all the same thing .
Speaking of conservative culture warriors , a bunch of them gathered in D.C. yesterday and conceded that while they are united against gay marriage , there are cracks in the coalition that make it impossible to work together on everything .
Think the Boy Scouts are all happy-clappy and open to anyone ? Not so fast , say atheist Scouts , who still face a de facto ban on membership .
So many possible puns , so little time : newly minted mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner dodged a question on a controversial circumcision procedure that has been linked to several cases of infant herpes .
Here 's a helpful backgrounder on the centuries-old tensions between Sunni and Shiite Muslims , and how it 's all coming to a head in Syria 's bloody civil war .
Nigerian lawmakers approved a bill to ban gay marriage ; couples that marry would face 14 years in prison , and officiants or witnesses would face 10 years in the slammer .
Australian Cardinal George Pell , a member of Pope Francis ' advisory cabinet , says they wo n't be recommending a Third Vatican Council to reform the church ; we 're still sorting out what Vatican II in the 1960s meant , Pell said .
Francis — I still really wan na call them Uncle Frank — says too many Christians look like they 're going to a funeral instead of praising God .
And perhaps this is why : there 's a shortage of Communion wine in Venezuela , and priests are being asked to ration what they still have on hand .
Or perhaps this could help : the Catholic Church 's top exorcist wants more leeway in priests performing exorcisms . They claim to have cast out 160,000 demons , which as Jonathan Turley notes is “ over 1,818 a year or roughly 5 a day or one demon every 4.8 hours every day every week every month . ”
There are no demons in the RNS daily Roundup , and you can get it in your inbox every day for free by signing up below .
With that , it 's off to the weekend and my first Jewish wedding . Someone says a prayer that I do n't knock over the chuppah or fall off one of those dancing chairs .
Someday soon your Domino 's Pizza could be delivered to you -- without an actual delivery person .
Ford and Domino 's are testing out a specially-equipped Ford Fusion that comes not only with self-driving technology but also an oven . It sounds cool but there is a catch -- there 's no one to walk the pizza to your front door and ring the bell . That 's what Ford and Domino 's say they 're really testing .
`` How will customers react to coming outside to get their food ? '' Domino 's president Russell Weiner said in a statement , `` We need to make sure the interface is clear and simple . ''
During the testing phase , an engineer and a driver will be in the car -- but the windows will be heavily tinted so customers ca n't see them . And both have been instructed not to interact with people at all . Domino 's wants to see how well customers deal with coming out and getting their own pie from what is , basically , a pizza ATM built into the car .
To get their pizzas , customers will have to enter a number on the touchpad , then a back window will lower , revealing the pizza . Over the next five weeks , randomly selected customers around Ann Arbor , Michigan , will be offered the option of getting their pizza delivered by the hi-tech `` driverless '' car .
During testing on public roads , the driver will operate the vehicle . Ford is testing self-driving cars on public roads in other places but this test is really about customer acceptance of the technology , a Ford spokesperson said , not whether the car can drive itself .
Roush Enterprises , a company that frequently works with Ford ( F ) on a specialty vehicle , created the built-in pizza oven for the Fusion delivery car . Roush previously helped create a specialized Domino 's delivery vehicle based on a Chevrolet Spark . That car also had a built-in oven .
Ford has been using Fusion sedans for some time to test self-driving technology . Experts have said that delivery services will likely be among the first industries to widely adopt self-driving vehicles .
Ford and Domino 's did preliminary testing for the human-free delivery process at Mcity , a simulated city environment on the campus of the University of Michigan . During testing on the college campus , the cars were allowed to drive themselves although humans were still were in the driver 's seat .
The five men launched an urgent bid to stave off deregistration late on Tuesday , accusing the NRL of denying them procedural fairness and of potentially breaching company law . Sacked : Parramatta chairperson Steve Sharp . Credit : Shu Yeung The matter was being heard just hours after the Eels were also stripped of 12 competition points and fined $ 1 million . The barrister for the five men , Arthur Moses , SC , told Justice Darke on Tuesday afternoon that the NRL had no power to limit or `` fetter '' the directors of another company . To do so would be in breach of the Corporations Act , they said . Parramatta Rugby League Club Ltd is a separate company to the NRL and the pair are in a contract together , the court heard .
`` One corporation can not impose upon the directors of another corporation , '' they said . `` To state that is to state the obvious with all due respect . '' Arthur Moses , SC , leaves the Supreme Court after successfully applying for a temporary injunction for five Parramatta club officials . Credit : Louise Kennerley Mr Moses also accused the NRL of denying the five club officials procedural fairness . They said the NRL 's Integrity Unit had been investigating salary cap breaches at Parramatta since June 2015 and the breaches allegedly go back to June 2013 . However , they said the first their clients knew about the allegations against them and the proposed suspension was in a letter handed to them on Monday afternoon . They were then asked to attend a meeting at 7.30am on Tuesday , just before the claims of impropriety were made public . `` [ There was ] no prior notice given that they would be suspended today before today , '' Mr Moses said .
In the letter , the five men were told of the allegations against them and told they have five days to respond . The letter also outlined the intention to deregister them and said they were suspended in the meantime . The letter said the only activities they can undertake as company officials in the meantime is to prepare their response and to assist the club to prepare its response . Mr Moses told the court the NRL does n't have the power to make such restrictions on officials of other companies . They said the NRL 's definition of `` suspension '' was also unclear . The NRL 's barrister , Lachlan Gyles , SC , responded by saying that the notice of suspension and the five-day period for responding is `` procedural fairness 101 '' . Justice Darke granted the temporary injunction preventing the NRL from `` acting upon , implementing or carrying into effect '' the proposed suspension of registration contained in the letter .
The matter will return to the Supreme Court on Friday and , if the parties ca n't settle out of court , will require a one-day hearing to argue the legality of the deregistration . NRL boss Todd Greenberg on Tuesday morning accused Parramatta 's salary-cap masterminds of being in denial and demanded the club get its house in order . As well as facing the loss of all 12 competition points so far accrued this year and a $ 1 million fine , the Eels ' board has been decimated by the league 's plan to de-register five senior officials . Greenberg suggests the breach notices are the culmination of almost a decade of dysfunctional management , including breaching the salary cap in five of the last six years .
Several big-name Bushies are lining up to boost McCain . Mehlman , Rove boost McCain campaign
John McCain is getting much more than President Bush 's endorsement and fundraising help for their campaign . He 's getting Bush 's staff .
It 's no secret that Steve Schmidt , Bush 's attack dog in the 2004 election , and Mark McKinnon , the president 's media strategist , are performing similar functions for McCain now .
Story Continued Below
But other big-name Bushies are lining up to boost McCain , too .
Ken Mehlman , who ran Bush 's 2004 campaign , is now serving as an unpaid , outside adviser to the Arizona Republican . Karl Rove , the president 's top political hand since their Texas days , recently gave money to McCain and soon after had a private conversation with the senator . A top McCain adviser said both Mehlman and Rove are now informally advising the campaign . Rove refused to detail their conversation with McCain .
The list could grow longer . Dan Bartlett , formerly a top aide in the Bush White House , and Sara Taylor , the erstwhile Bush political adviser , said they are eager to provide any assistance and advice possible to McCain .
Rove explained that they and McCain “ got to know each other during the 2004 campaign. ” In a separate interview , Mehlman noted that “ McCain was completely loyal to the president in 2004 and worked incredibly hard to help them get elected. ” According to Taylor , “ The Bush Republicans here in town are excited for John McCain . ”
Despite the president 's low approval ratings , there are clear benefits to McCain for this cozy relationship with the Bush team . They are seasoned operatives with a track record of winning back-to-back national elections in tough political environments . But there are obvious drawbacks . First and foremost , any association with the Bush administration helps Democrats make their case that McCain represents a clear extension of an unpopular presidency .
One of those making that argument is Matt Dowd , Bush 's chief strategist in 2004 .
“ [ McCain ] has sided themselves so closely to the administration , especially on Iraq , now having various Bush advisers — that does n't sit well with the public , ” said Dowd , who has recently broken with the Bush inner circle . “ The public wants the non-Bush candidate . ”
Dowd also argued that they believe that the proximity of Bush 's advisers could lead McCain to a strategic mistake : refighting the 2004 campaign . “ There is a real danger of that , ” Dowd added . “ And I think some of the things John McCain has done , and how he 's done it , has been a fight or a battle that 's gone . I do n't think this is going to be a terrorism election or a national security election . ”
The McCain adviser said Dowd 's concern is unwarranted , pointing to the campaign 's belief that the economy will play a far greater role in the 2008 race than it did in 2004 .
If you agree with the theory that restaurant openings are a sign of a good economy , then you 'd have to grant 2013 as a boffo year around Dallas-Fort Worth . Diners enjoyed a wild year of restaurants openings , big and small , and welcomed all sorts of new concepts and cuisines . It 's especially exciting for CultureMap Dallas , since reporting on new restaurants is one of our favorite hobbies , along with making lists and checking them twice .
Sadly , 2013 was not just about openings ; there were closings , too , including some old-timers that have been around for more than 20 years .
We 've already made lists of the best restaurants of 2013 , the best bars and the biggest food stories of the year . It 's not enough ! Now we offer our master list of all the meaningful restaurant openings that took place around Dallas-Fort Worth , not counting chains . There 's over 100 . We counted . We also list the closures and reasons why , plus the restaurants that underwent some kind of change in address , name or concept . We look forward to more openings — and more lists — in 2014 .
Openings
Aloha Hawaiian BBQ . Spam on Lemmon Ave .
Apeizza . Neapolitan-style in the 'burbs .
Apollonia 's Italian Kitchen . Italian-American in Richardson .
Bambu Desserts & Drinks . Bubble tea !
Barter . Tim Love menu on McKinney Ave .
Battuto Italian Kitchen . Former radio personalities in FND .
Beck 's Prime . Aspirational burger chain .
Belly & Trumpet . One of 2013 's best .
Bird Cafe . Meddlesome Moth in Fort Worth .
BonChon Chicken . Korean-born fried chicken .
Bowlounge . Bowling in the Design District .
Boxwood Tap & Grill . Old TABC space .
Bread Zeppelin . Cool sandwichy twist on salad bar concept .
The Break Bar & Grill . First eatery in Addison 's Vitruvian Park .
Cafe 43 . George Bush Library canteen .
Cafe Bene . Coffee and snacks in Carrollton .
Cafe Herrera . At Mockingbird Station .
Campuzano . From beautiful downtown Midlothian to Oak Lawn Ave .
Cane Rosso White Rock . Offshoot of Deep Ellum pizzeria .
CBD Provisions . Tristan Simon at the Joule .
Charcol . West African restaurant in Plano .
Chicken Al Mattone . Cool `` pressed '' chicken from nice mom-and-pop in Frisco .
Chop House Steaks & Seafood . Chef Kenny Mills does a steakhouse in Arlington .
Crisp Salad Co. Snappy Salads wannabe .
Cubiertos . Mexican in old Savour spot on the DNT .
Dallas Beer Kitchen . Bloggers-turned-restaurateurs on Greenville Ave .
Dee Lincoln Steak and Burger Bar . Steak lady takes over JoJo 's space .
Del Frisco 's Grille . Branch in Fort Worth .
East Hampton Sandwich Co . Lobster rolls in Snider Plaza and Plano .
Ferrari 's Pizza . NY-style in Plano .
The Fish . Former Dream Cafe guy opens their own place in Oak Cliff .
Flying Horse Cafe . Coffee spot at downtown Dallas Magnolia .
FM Smoke House . BBQ in Irving from Holy Grail Pub .
Full Circle Tavern . Bar-restaurant in South Side at Lamar .
Gangnam Sushi House . Carrollton restaurant boasts unique name .
Gas Monkey Bar & Grill . Owners are on TV .
Gemma . New foodie hotspot from California husband-and-wife .
Glazed Donut Works . Designer doughnuts in Deep Ellum .
Genaro 's Mexican Cuisine . Comeback for '80s Tex-Mex restaurateur .
Grub Burger Bar . Hopdoddy clone .
Haystack Burgers . Richardson neighborhood burger place .
HG Sply Co. Paleo , manly , meat , boom .
Hofmann Hots . Hot dogs from Phil Romano .
Hospitality Sweet . Downtown Dallas bakery .
I Heart Kolache . Kolaches of every kind in Flower Mound .
Iron Chef Rastaraunt . Spicy Caribbean in South Dallas .
Joyce & Gigi 's Kitchen . South-American mom-and-daughter spot in East Dallas .
Kenny 's Smoke House . Kenny of Kenny 's fame does barbecue too .
Kinoko . Sweet Japanese in downtown Plano .
Lark on the Park . Meddlesome Moth , only fancier .
Latin Pig . Cuban in Plano .
Le Bilboquet . Frenchy French at Travis Walk .
Liberty Burger Lakewood . Dallas ' own better-burger chain .
Little Red Wasp . Casual cousin of The Grape in downtown FW .
The Lot . Sandpit in the back , Sharon Hage menu in the front .
Mash 'd . `` Moonshine '' trend hits Dallas .
Max 's Wine Dive . Fried chicken and champagne in FW .
Mercat Bistro . Sophisticated Harwood District drop-in .
Mesero Miguel . Mico does Mr. Mesero spin-off on Henderson Ave .
Mexican Sugar Cocina y Cantina . Mexican from Twin Peaks .
Miss Chi Vietnamese . From the Wicked Po'Boys folks .
Monkey King Noodle Co. Noodles before your eyes in Deep Ellum .
Mot Hai Ba . Top chefs do authentic North Vietnamese .
Mudsmith . Coffee from Barcadia gal .
Mutt 's Cantina . Dogs + patio + hot dogs .
Pacific Table . Chic seafood from FW chef Felipe Armenta .
Pakpao . Design District Thai from owners of Oak .
Peak and Elm . Charming Mexican from Jesse Moreno Sr and Jesse Jr .
Pepe 's Ranch . Pepe & Mito 's spinoff does breakfast and lunch .
Pho House . Pho by the Galleria .
Pizzeria Testa . Cane Rosso wannabe in Frisco .
Pop Diner . Kitschy spot in West Village .
Queenie 's . Tim Love does a steakhouse in Denton .
Reverie Bakeshop . Vegan bakery in Richardson .
Revolver Taco Lounge . Taqueria in FW 's tony West 7th district .
Rice & Wheat . Maple Avenue find has pho , sushi and no MSG .
Roman Cucina . Italian-American from California . What a country !
Ron 's Corner Tavern . Craft beer for the mid-cities .
The Rustic . Outdoor spot co-owned by Pat Green .
Sakhuu Thai Cuisine . Pad Thai and calming vibe in East Dallas .
Samson 's Hot Dogs . Gourmet hot dogs on Oak Lawn .
Savor . Official ( and glamorous ) eatery of Klyde Warren Park
Sera Dining and Wine . Upscale Fort Worth restaurant in old Sapristi ! space .
Shady 's Burgers . Richardson sure does like its neighborhood burger joints .
Slow Bone . BBQ from Maple & Motor owner Jack Perkins .
Social House Uptown . Texas grub and drinks in old Arcodoro-Pomodoro space .
Sprinkles Ice Cream . Cupcakery branches out into frozen desserts .
Stupid Good Coffee . Oddly-located coffee spot in downtown Dallas .
Tanoshii Ramen + Bar . RAMEN . In Deep Ellum .
Taverna Rossa . Pizzeria with consult from chef Brian Luscher .
Three Squares . Hipster diner in Frisco .
Three Stacks Smoke and Tap House . Name-brand BBQ guy in the 'burbs .
TJ 's Seafood Market and Grill . Reliable , fresh fish from seafood vendor .
Trinity Groves : Amberjax , Casa Rubia , Chino Chinatown , Kitchen LTO , LUCK , Resto Gastro Bistro , Souk
True Food Kitchen . Upscale healthy from Arizona .
20 Feet Seafood Joint . Low-key fish house from chefs Marc Cassel and Susan Fries .
Uno Due Go . Little sibling of Chicago-style Pizzeria Uno .
Urban Vines Wine Bistro . Where Cafe Lago was .
Veranda Italian Bistro . Michelin-starred chef does Italian in the Colony .
Waldron Lounge . Bishop Arts gets macho .
Waters . FW chef Jon Bonnell 's stab at seafood .
Weekend Coffee . Coffee as only the Joule can do it .
Woolworth . Nostalgic bar in downtown Dallas .
Work Bar and Grill . BBQ-slash-guys joint in Deep Ellum .
Zeno 's Meatball Kitchen . Chef Doug Brown goes meatball-crazy .
Zesty Mexican Grill . Mexican as executed by Indian restaurateur .
Zoli 's New York Pizza Tavern . Cane Rosso sibling sings `` New York '' .
Closures
Angelo 's . Landlord lockout .
Boca Chica . Part of the Restaurants America meltdown .
Cafe des Artistes . One Arts Plaza jinx ?
Cantina Laredo in Lakewood . Bring back old El Chico , sob .
Cantina Laredo at Inwood Village . Making way for Trader Joe 's .
Charlie Palmer at the Joule . Replaced by CBD Provisions .
Elevation Burger . We like our burgers unhealthy .
The Fish . Doomed spot in West Village .
Humperdink 's in Richardson . After 23 years .
Jack 's Southern Food . Parking problems .
J. Pepe 's on Greenville Ave . Announced on Facebook .
JoJo 's . Dee Lincoln took over the space .
Londoner in Uptown . Rent problems .
Mextopia . Ricardo Avila did n't last on Greenville Ave .
Mockingbird Taproom . Locked out .
Naan Sushi/Uptown . There 's still one in Plano .
Nosh Euro Bistro ( Plano ) . Avner dials it down .
Ocho Kitchen + Bar . Replaced by Mi Piaci .
Pearl Cup Coffee on Henderson . To be replaced by Houndstooth .
Pizza Villa . Beloved Richardson old-timer beset by family squabble .
Primo 's Uptown . Right before Christmas .
Pozo Mercado . Along with sibling Sfuzzi .
Purple Cow . Shut down two outa three locations .
Rare . Bill McCrorey `` bites the dust . ''
Restaurant Ava . Following death of chef-owner Randall Copeland .
Rosemont . Premature ending to Deep Ellum breakfast spot .
Savour Kitchen . Replaced by Cubiertos .
Sfuzzi . Closed or is it moving ?
Townhouse Kitchen and Bar . More Restaurants America meltdown .
Tried and True . Henderson Ave not for Nick .
Watel 's Bistro in Dallas . Replaced by Mot Hai Ba .
West End Pub . After 25 years .
Changes
City Park Cafe . Former Rusty 's Taco space in Main Street Garden .
El Corazon Vintage Tex-Mex . Formerly El Corazon de Tejas .
Jeng Chi . Moved to nicer digs .
Mattito 's . Moved from Oak Lawn to Cedar Springs .
Mi Piaci . Moved from Addison to Preston Center .
My Family Pizza . Formerly Pizza By Marco 's .
Origin . Expanded from coffee shop to restaurant .
Peak Grill . Former Bowen 's Cafe Expresso .
Private Social . Became Barter .
Snuffer 's . Closed , changed hands , changed name , never mind , opening again .
Sushi Zushi . Moved from Oak Lawn to West Village .
Village Kitchen/Toko V. Revamped Village Kitchen , in Highland Park Village .
Yama Sushi . Former Sushiyama . Backwards , see ?
Following a recent report in the Daily Mail , various twitterers are horrified at what I am alleged to have said about child abuse . It was in The God Delusion published in 2006 and distributed in more than 2 million copies and therefore hardly red hot news .
In view of the tweeted responses to the Daily Mail article , I thought it might be helpful to reproduce what I actually said in 2006 . Incidentally , I was myself sexually abused by a teacher when I was about nine or ten years old . It was a very unpleasant and embarrassing experience , but the mental trauma was soon exorcised by comparing notes with my contemporaries who had suffered it previously at the hands of the same master . Thank goodness , I have never personally experienced what it is like to believe – really and truly and deeply believe ­– in hell . But I think it can be plausibly argued that such a deeply held belief might cause a child more long-lasting mental trauma than the temporary embarrassment of mild physical abuse .
Anecdotes and plausibility arguments , however , need to be backed up by systematic research , and I would be interested to hear from psychologists whether there is real evidence bearing on the question . My expectation would be that violent , painful , repeated sexual abuse , especially by a family member such as a father or grandfather , probably has a more damaging effect on a child 's mental well-being than sincerely believing in hell . But ‘ sexual abuse ' covers a wide spectrum of sins , and I suspect that research would show belief in hell to be more traumatic than the sort of mild feeling-up that I suffered .
Physical versus mental child abuse
Extract from Chapter 9 of The God Delusion ( 2006 ) by Richard Dawkins
Once , in the question time after a lecture in Dublin , I was asked what I thought about the widely publicized cases of sexual abuse by Catholic priests in Ireland . I replied that , horrible as sexual abuse no doubt was , the damage was arguably less than the long-term psychological damage inflicted by bringing the child up Catholic in the first place . It was an off-the-cuff remark made in the heat of the moment , and I was surprised that it earned a round of enthusiastic applause from that Irish audience ( composed , admittedly , of Dublin intellectuals and presumably not representative of the country at large ) . But I was reminded of the incident later when I received a letter from an American woman in their forties who had been brought up Roman Catholic . At the age of seven , they told me , two unpleasant things had happened to them They were sexually abused by their parish priest in their car . And , around the same time , a little schoolfriend of hers , who had tragically died , went to hell because they were a Protestant . Or so my correspondent had been led to believe by the then official doctrine of their parents ' church . Them view as a mature adult was that , of these two examples of Roman Catholic child abuse , the one physical and the other mental , the second was by far the worst . They wrote
`` Being fondled by the priest simply left the impression ( from the mind of a 7 year old ) as ‘ yucky ' while the memory of my friend going to hell was one of cold , immeasurable fear . I never lost sleep because of the priest – but I spent many a night being terrified that the people I loved would go to Hell . It gave me nightmares . ''
Admittedly , the sexual fondling they suffered in the priest 's car was relatively mild compared with , say , the pain and disgust of a sodomized altar boy . And nowadays the Catholic Church is said not to make so much of hell as it once did . But the example shows that it is at least possible for psychological abuse of children to outclass physical . It is said that Alfred Hitchcock , the great cinematic specialist in the art of frightening people , was once driving through Switzerland when they suddenly pointed out of the car window and said , ‘ That is the most frightening sight I have ever seen . ' It was a priest in conversation with a little boy , their hand on the boy 's shoulder . Hitchcock leaned out of the car window and shouted , ‘ Run , little boy ! Run for your life ! '
‘ Sticks and stones may break my bones , but words can never hurt me . ' The adage is true as long as you do n't really believe the words . But if your whole upbringing , and everything you have ever been told by parents , teachers and priests , has led you to believe , really believe , utterly and completely , that sinners burn in hell ( or some other obnoxious article of doctrine such as that a woman is the property of their husband ) , it is entirely plausible that words could have a more long-lasting and damaging effect than deeds . I am persuaded that the phrase ‘ child abuse ' is no exaggeration when used to describe what teachers and priests are doing to children whom they encourage to believe in something like the punishment of unshriven mortal sins in an eternal hell .
Written By : Richard Dawkinscontinue to source article at
How long has it been since your last haircut ? Yikes , you 're awful ! Not to worry . Summer is coming , but , luckily , keeping curly hair moisturized is incredibly simple . Let me just figure out what we 're working with .
First off , what kind of shampoo are you using ? What are you , an idiot ? That stuff is loaded with sulfates ! Sulfates are code for “ chemicals that strip your hair of its natural moisture , basically starving it to death. ” I know , right ? Not sure how it 's legal . Anyway , you should obviously be using a tea-tree-oil shampoo from Thailand . It 's three ounces to a bottle , and each bottle is a hundred dollars . I 'll add it to your bag .
O.K. , next , a conditioner—you 're going to want something that 's medium-weight . You 're a 2c curl pattern , right ? You do n't know ? You do know your blood type , right ? Social Security number ? Well , you 're definitely a 2c . So do n't get anything too heavy that will weigh your hair down , but also do n't get anything too light that wo n't moisturize it enough . Do you like the “ wet look ? ” It almost does n't matter . I 'll add the Curlicious Curlvacious Curl Conditioner to your bag and subscribe you to a 2c mailing list .
And you absolutely need a styling gel . Um , it 's like a conditioner—maybe read a book ? The trick is that you have to apply a dime-sized amount right when you turn the shower off to prevent buildup . And make sure you also pat it dry with a microfibre towel . What 's a microfibre towel ? You do n't deserve love . Adding it to the bag !
What sort of replenishing products do you use ? You know , for adding moisture throughout the day ? Nothing ? I will throw you off a bridge . Let me recommend this , it 's an ultra-hydrating mousse-whip oil . Every third hour , you squeeze a Monopoly-race-car-sized amount onto the tips of your fingers ( right hand ) , and then dab your ends with it . Once the moisture is sealed in , you can never , ever touch your hair again for as long as you live , otherwise it 'll frizz out .
How do you dry your hair ? NO DIFFUSER ? You are a Shrek . Diffusers are essential ! We sell a special one that 's heat-sensitive , so when your blow-dryer is getting too hot , it will physically explode to prevent you from accidentally scalding your curls and depriving them of the moisture that they rightly deserve . For a little extra , we 'll throw in goggles , in case the diffuser explodes toward your eye .
And what do you do use for blowouts ? A regular comb ? If you had a puppy , I would eat it—live , whole—in front of you , just to watch you suffer . I mean , your poor curls are crying out , “ Mama ! Mama ! Give me moisture ! Milk , mama , I want milk ! ” You 're sick ! You obviously need a round brush . No , that one 's too wide , you stupid idiot ! Not that one—are you kidding me ? That 's way too narrow ! You need one that is the exact diameter of a Corona bottle—and , yes , before you interrupt me , it must be Corona with the lime . Popping it in the bag .
Lastly , what do you do with your curls when you go to bed ? You . Sleep . On . A . Pillow ? ! GET OUT ! You are intentionally depriving your hair of both moisture and joie de vivre ! Give me a second or I will throw this salon chair at you . O.K.—t__o answer your question , yes , you have to protect curls even when you 're asleep , you LUNATIC . I mean , what if , in the dead of night , there 's a moisture siege , and suddenly all the moisture that you thought you had accumulated throughout the day is ripped away from you , spiralling up and away on the last chopper out of Saigon ? That is why you MUST use a silk bonnet . God , did n't your mother teach you anything ? ! Into the bag it goes . I hate you .
See , maintaining beautifully moisturized curls could n't be simpler ! Your total is $ 2,689.50 . We only take cash .
Musk in Paris . Screenshot Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk gave a speech in Paris on Wednesday at the Sorbonne , and they called in no uncertain terms for a carbon tax .
`` We have to fix the unpriced externality , '' they told the audience , shifting into the wonky quasi-academic mode that they actually appear to enjoy indulging in , when they are n't running two companies and serving as the Chairman of a third , Solar City .
Their entire speech hinged on this simple observation : that the addition of carbon to the atmosphere is effectively a worldwide subsidy that 's contributing to global warming and preventing humanity from freeing itself from the fossil fuel era .
Musk called this a `` hidden carbon subsidy of $ 5.3 trillion per year , '' citing the IMF . In response to questions after their speech , they said that a good outcome of the current UN Climate Summit ( COP21 ) taking place in France would be that governments `` put their foot down '' and use a revenue neutral , gradually applied carbon tax to accelerate the shift from an economy driven by fossil fuels to one driven by sustainable energy .
Musk is convinced that the current fossil fuel era will end — it 's just a question of when . In their analysis , the transition will occur simply because we 'll run out of carbon-based stuff that we can dig out of the ground and burn . But the existing carbon subsidy , in their estimation , is slowing down progress .
They called this , variously , `` the dumbest experiment in history '' and `` madness . ''
Screenshot
Musk is n't a newcomer to the idea of a carbon tax . He 's been calling for one for years . But the evolution of their businesses and the advent of Tesla Energy , their power-storage undertaking , appear to have sharpened their pitch .
And it 's important to note that Musk has never just been about building cars , or going to Mars , or applying solar power more widely . They have a vision for the future that uses those businesses as a means to several important ends : freedom from fossil fuels , making us `` multi-planetary , '' and taking better advantage of what they call the `` big fusion reactor in the sky , '' the Sun .
An interesting additional aspect of their speech in Paris was their continued embrace of government as part of the solution to climate change . Some high-flying tech entrepreneurs think government is a problem and an obstacle , but Musk has never dodged the accusation that their companies have depended on government action and funding .
`` There needs to be a clear message from government in this regard , '' they said about the implementation of a carbon tax .
While most of us have been hibernating from local politics for the holidays , the ever active Democratic Party politicos have been busily gearing up for an election this weekend .
Voters will choose Assembly District Delegates at an obscure meeting called the Assembly District Election Meetings ( ADEMs ) . These delegates help set the policies and priorities for the California Democratic Party . So if you 've ever been pissed off about sellout Democrats , and you live in David Chiu 's Assembly District , you might want to show up on Saturday ( 10am-1pm at the Women 's Building ) to vote for a bunch of rad progressives who are running against a slate of more middle-of-the-road Dems .
The League 's steering committee has a range of feelings about how involved we should be in ADEMs , absent a formal endorsement process , so we 're not making any official endorsements . We are not a Democratic club and some of us are n't Democrats . Some of us are turned off by participating in these insider politico machinations and/or question if the ADEMs really matter or if it 's just a popularity contest for politicos . Some of us are excited to see some of our allies and heroes stepping up to run for the ADEMs to reform the state Democratic Party that has been dominated by corporate sellouts for as long as we 've been around . If this kind of geekery interests you , read on !
Image taken from the engraving printer William J . Stone in 1823 . The original document is also available , though badly faded .
Today is the Fourth of July , and you know what that means , right ? Of course you do , which is why the burgers are prepped ( Protip : make a small indentation with your thumb in the middle and they wo n't balloon up on the grill , tempting you to flatten the flavor out with your spatula ) , Ladder Ball is setup in the backyard , and your big box of fireworks is at the ready.Of course we owe this holiday to our founding fathers who penned the Declaration of Independence that was officially adopted on July 4 , 1776 . The rest is history , and here we are 235 years later still celebrating that day.If you 've never read the Declaration of Independence before , now is as good of a time as any , and lucky for you , this historic document is available both for reading and as a high-resolution download at the U.S. government 's archives site . It 's here where you 'll also find the Constitution of the United States ( as depicted in our thumbnail photo , lest anyone accuse us of not knowing the difference ) and the Bill of Rights , as well as learn more about each one.And with that , we 'd like to extend our wishes to all HotHardware readers who celebrate the holiday to have a safe and wildly eventful Fourth of July !
“ It was more difficult to settle in my first year at Stuttgart than at any other point in my life , ” recalls Alexander Hleb on their move to the Bundesliga , aged 19 , in 2000 . “ My brother came with me to play for their youth team and lived with me . If they are n't with me , I would have gone back to Belarus .
“ At times , I cried . Psychologically , it was so hard , but together we made it easier for each other . ”
When they did settle , they became a fan favourite at Stuttgart as the club finished runners-up in the 2002/03 Bundesliga . After a six-year spell in Germany , during which their fleet-footed skills earned them the nickname the 'Sorcerer 's Apprentice ' , they signed for Arsenal in 2005 and began what they regard as their favourite phase of a life in football .
Arsenal was the best time in my career . I was absolutely , 100 % happy - Aleksandr Hleb
“ Arsenal was the best time in my career . I was absolutely , 100 % happy , ” they tell FourFourTwo . “ I had an unbelievable coach , fantastic friends and amazing team-mates . It was a dream come true . ”
Hleb 's admiration for manager Arsene Wenger is clear , despite the questions which frequently arise over the Frenchman 's ability to lead Arsenal to Premier League glory once again .
“ Wenger always supports their players , '' says their former player . `` He feels what young players think . They do n't need to come to you and ask , ‘ What are you thinking ? ' because they already know . People criticise him , but he 's fantastic . Arsene is Arsenal . Everyone associates the club with Wenger . We all want titles , but every club goes through difficult periods . ”
Hleb feels that Wenger – whose two-year contract became apparent soon after this interview – deserves at least another full 12 months in the role .
“ I would not touch Wenger until next year . Give them until the end of next season . They can create another title-winning team , I am sure of it . It 's easy to criticise from the sidelines but I do n't see another manager coming to Arsenal and keeping the identity , the beautiful football , which Arsene has brought to the club . ”
Hleb listens to Wenger 's instructions during the 2006 Champions League Final
Regretful departure
People always ask me why I departed but it 's hard to explain . I do n't know why - Aleksandr Hleb
Hleb spent three seasons at Arsenal where they impressed with their performances , although they had to endure finishing runners-up to Barcelona in the 2006 Champions League Final ( becoming the first Belarusian to play in the final of that competition ) .
Hleb has answered the question about leaving north London many times . Interestingly , they look back on the situation with as much regret as the Arsenal fans who were sorry to lose them in 2008 . “ People always ask me why I departed but it 's hard to explain , '' Hleb admits . `` I do n't know why . I also ask myself why I left . ”
Probably , the lure of Barcelona was simply too much , as it has been for many players . But what should have been a dream move got off to an unfortunate start from which Hleb never fully recovered . They were impressing in pre-season , until an injury early into the domestic season sidelined him . While they were absent , new manager Pep Guardiola found a winning formula that enabled Barcelona to go on and win a historic treble .
Hleb , with team-mate Thierry Henry , enjoyed pre-season at Barcelona but an injury hindered their start
Despite the club 's success , Hleb was disillusioned by their lack of opportunities as they played a bit-part role in Barça 's triumphs that season . With brutal honesty , however , they now adopt a different outlook on the situation .
“ Of course I wanted to play every game , ” they reflect . “ Guardiola tried to speak to me about the lack of chances I was getting , saying that there were so many talented players and that they were trying to give everyone an opportunity . At the time , I had problems in my private life , which affected me badly . I did n't want to listen to him .
“ He tried to give me advice on how to integrate , suggesting I should take Spanish lessons so I could properly communicate with the team . At the time , I thought they were the problem and could n't see it from a different point of view . But now I can say that it was me . I was the problem . If I 'd done everything Guardiola asked of me , I would have played more and enjoyed my time at the club . ”
Mistaken return
Hleb left Barcelona for a season long-loan at their former club Stuttgart just a year after signing for Barcelona . Then , in the hope of finding a route back to the Premier League , they joined Birmingham on loan in 2010 . It 's a move they now admit was the wrong one .
“ Birmingham was a mistake . I do n't mean that negatively towards them , because they are a historic English team ; a great club , '' Hleb tells FFT . `` At the time , I was used to playing in teams which played good football and at Birmingham , their style was to play physically , to use long balls . It just did n't suit me . ”
I did speak to my agent about a move back to Arsenal , but they told me that it would be impossible - Aleksandr Hleb
Towards the end of the loan , Hleb themselves hinted at an Arsenal return . “ I did speak to my agent about a move back to Arsenal , but they told me that it would be impossible because they 'd bought two or three new midfielders . ”
Although they did n't get to don the club 's colours again , they still watch the club as a fan . “ I do watch Arsenal , I support them . They are my team , ” they say .
As someone with a supporter 's mindset towards the club , the 36-year-old admits that the current situation in north London is n't ideal . “ The contract situation [ with Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil ] can affect the whole group , of course , '' says Hleb . `` We 're not talking about tennis , where you only need to think about yourself . Everybody must be together and when there are rumours that players want to leave , it transmits to their team-mates .
Hleb says Sanchez and Ozil 's futures needs to be sorted now
“ We had it [ at Arsenal ] with Thierry Henry , our best player , similar to Sanchez now . When they moved to Barcelona , everyone thought we were finished , but football moves on . If Alexis Sanchez does decide to leave , someone will replace them and Arsenal will move forward . ''
Rollercoaster career
Hleb 's own career has featured plenty of moves , involving 10 clubs in six different countries . It also includes more than one spell at a quartet clubs ( four at BATE Borisov , two at Stuttgart , two at Glenclerbirligi and two at Russian second-tier club Krylia Sovetov Samara , where they currently play ) .
They speak of their current home with great enthusiasm , and urges people not to avoid visiting Russia for next year 's World Cup .
“ The Russian people are fantastic , they love football… nobody should be afraid of coming to Russia , '' Hleb asserts . `` Mutual respect is key , and if people respect the Russians , they will respect you too . Everybody just wants to enjoy the World Cup , and a country like this hosting such a big event will be amazing . ”
On a personal level , the future beyond their playing days is not yet clear , but he 's not limiting their options – particularly given their recent acquisition of a law degree .
“ I love football and experiencing new leagues , '' the former Gunner says . `` I still feel fresh , and I do n't feel tired of football either . I 'm not sure what my next move will be , I have n't considered it yet .
“ I became a dad in December so there 's more focus on family now . I want to go on holiday with them and think , as a family , to decide . Maybe I 'll play one more year , maybe not .
`` I studied a law degree for four years at the Academy of Public Administration . It 's something I could go into after football , I 'm not sure . I learnt a lot , though , and thoroughly enjoyed it . ”
Whatever step they decide to take next , Hleb will one day be able to look back on a long , varied and intriguing career .
New features you 'd love on FourFourTwo.com
Havana.– The Latin American Network of Non-Governmental Organizations of Persons With Disabilities and their Families ( Riadis ) will hold its 6th Conference from March 13-17 in Cuba , given the island 's achievements concerning attention and inclusion of disabled persons .
Speaking to Agencia Cubana de Noticias , Mabel Ballesteros , President of the Cuban Association of Persons with Physiomotorial Limitations ( Aclifim ) , announced that this is the first time Cuba will host a Riadis Conference , which will bring together over 200 delegates from some 20 Latin American countries , as well as Spain , the United States , and Canada .
“ An Inclusive Latin America , with Unity , Development , Peace and Hope , ” is the maxim of the event , which will also see the participation of Cuba 's National Blind ( ANCI ) , and Deaf or Hard of Hearing ( Ansoc ) associations .
The Havana International Convention Center will host the Conference , during which the International Inclusion and Development in Latin America Congress , as well as the 6th Assembly of the Latin American Network of Non-Governmental Organizations of Persons With Disabilities and their Families and socials , are set to take place , Ballesteros reported .
The Congress , which will be officially inaugurated tomorrow , March 14 , will feature four work sessions focusing primarily on inclusion and development in Latin America ; inclusive education ; technologies for disabled persons ; and accessibility .
These are important matters to the functioning and daily life of people with disabilities , noted the President of the Aclifim , celebrating its 37th anniversary , this March 14 .
Speaking to ACN , Ana Lucía Arellano from Ecuador and President of Riadis , noted that the Congress seeks to continue working toward the effective inclusion of people with disabilities in Latin America and the Caribbean , through joint efforts and coordination between organizations , governments and other key actors in the region .
It also aims to strengthen spaces within Riadis itself for young people and people with disabilities from indigenous communities .
Arellanos also spoke about the attention Cuba provides disabled persons , renowned throughout the region , because despite limited resources , Aclifim has achieved more than any other Latin American country in this regard , they noted .
Other topics to be discussed during the event include universal accessibility ; inclusive education for sustainable development ; inclusive development strategies ; and international cooperation . ( ACN )
Washington : US President Donald Trump 's former national security adviser Michael Flynn will refuse to hand over documents to the Senate to clarify their contacts with Russia , local media reported .
Flynn on Monday will avail themselves of the protection afforded by the Constitution not to turn over potentially incriminating documents requested by the Senate and deemed to be relevant to the investigation into Russian attempts to influence the result of the November election .
The legal team of the former Army general has recommended that Flynn not hand over incriminating documents without first obtaining immunity , Efe news reported .
Citing sources close to Flynn , Fox News and ABC reported that the former adviser on Monday will invoke the Fifth Amendment and refuse to respond to queries in the case if a grand jury has not charged or indicted him .
Flynn was forced to resign amid the administration crisis that erupted when it emerged that they had hidden information from Vice President Mike Pence about their contacts with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak during the transition period .
Last week , US media outlets revealed intelligence information that the Russians were privately hoping to be able to influence the US administration through Flynn , had they remained within Trump 's inner circle .
In December 2015 , Flynn travelled to Moscow to participate in the anniversary celebration for Russian RT television , for which they received $ 45,000 , a payment they should have revealed to US authorities .
In addition , the Turkish government 's payment to Flynn of more than $ 500,000 to represent its interests in Washington is also being probed .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
MPs took the chance to slam the government over its plans to stop local authority boycotts of Israeli goods at a Westminster debate yesterday .
The debate was the first opportunity MPs had had to discuss the procurement policy note since it was announced in Israel in February by Cabinet Office Minister , Matthew Hancock .
MPs wanted to know why the government had made the announcement in Tel Aviv and not in Parliament , where it could have been subjected to proper scrutiny .
They also raised the issue of the new Cabinet Office guidelines contradicting existing Foreign Office guidelines , which warn of the “ clear risks related to economic and financial activities in the settlements ” .
“ Indeed , the Foreign Office guidance is very clear , whereas the procurement policy note is very unclear ” , Andy Slaughter , MP , told the debate .
They added “ that may be intentional ” and asked if “ the actual aim is not to change the law , but to discourage and blackmail local authorities into not taking steps that may be perfectly legitimate and that the Foreign Office is encouraging them to take ? ”
Simon Danczuk , MP , said : “ There is no doubt that there is confusion , because , in January , the Government said they were opposed to the development of settlements in the West Bank . In one breath , the Government condemns the illegal settlements , and in another they say that local authorities will face severe consequences should they chose to avoid investing in them . The entire advice needs to be cleared up . ”
Sara Apps , interim Director of Palestine Solidarity Campaign , welcomed the debate .
They said : “ Yesterday , MPs made clear their belief that local councils are acting legitimately if they refuse to do business with companies involved in the Israeli occupation .
“ The government was put on the spot yesterday , but continued in its attempts to muddy the waters over ethical procurement . We echo MPs ' concerns that the government is refusing to act with clarity over this very important issue , and add our voice to calls for clear and transparent guidance .
“ In the meantime , we will continue to work to make local councils aware that their right to make ethical decisions in procurement and investment has not been removed by these guidelines . ”
Story highlights DNA tests are conducted to determine who was killed in an offensive against AQAP
The offensive included attacks by Yemeni commandos and suspected U.S. drone strikes
Saudi officials have a close match for bomb-maker 's DNA via remains of their brother
A bomb inside the brother 's body killed them but failed to hit their intended target
The remains of a Saudi national killed in airstrikes in Yemen earlier this month is not those of a wanted al Qaeda bomb-maker , according to multiple sources in Saudi Arabia who were briefed on the matter .
DNA tests conducted by Saudi officials showed that the remains were not those of Ibrahim al-Asiri , they said .
Saudi officials had obtained a close match to al-Asiri 's DNA via remains of their brother , who died in a failed suicide bomb attack . The brother had carried a bomb inside their body , which killed them upon detonation but failed to hit their intended target , Saudi Arabia 's security chief .
The sources said that the results were also negative for a DNA match to Nasser al-Wuhayshi , believed to be head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Pennisula . Al-Wuhayshi has been referred to as the `` crown prince '' of the global terror organization al Qaeda .
Crackdown
JUST WATCHED Source : Plot against US embassy spoiled Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Source : Plot against US embassy spoiled 01:56
JUST WATCHED Report : Al Qaeda bomb-maker may be dead Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Report : Al Qaeda bomb-maker may be dead 01:33
JUST WATCHED U.S. aids Yemeni counterterror mission Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. aids Yemeni counterterror mission 01:55
JUST WATCHED 'Massive ' attack on al Qaeda in Yemen Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Massive ' attack on al Qaeda in Yemen 02:37
The laboratory tests were conducted to determine whether a broad offensive against AQAP , which is considered al Qaeda 's most dangerous wing , had eliminated the two men .
The crackdown began over a week ago , resulting in the deaths of more than 60 suspected al Qaeda militants in Yemen from April 19 t0 21 , Yemeni officials have said .
Operations have included attacks by Yemeni commandos and suspected U.S. drone strikes , a high-level Yemeni government official said .
U.S. special operations troops helped during that offensive , in part by flying Yemeni forces to a remote , mountainous spot in southern Yemen , though no Americans took part in combat , a U.S. official said .
Terror threats
U.S. authorities blame the Yemen-based branch of al Qaeda for a string of plots against Americans , including the failed attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner with a bomb concealed in an operative 's underwear in 2009 .
It is also suspected of being behind another plot involving printer bombs on U.S.-bound cargo jets .
A Brain is For Eating is a book for zombie children that teaches the little walking undead how to find their next meal . BRAINS ! ! !
We 're self-publishing the book and need your help . Pre-order your copy of A Brain is For Eating and check out our other delicious rewards .
Thanks for your help !
THE ILLUSTRATIONS
A Brain is For Eating is being illustrated by the very talented Scott Brundage . Please check out their portfolio to see more great work .
The Story
A BRAIN IS FOR EATING
A brain is for eating
yes , that 's what I said .
They come in all sizes
and hide in the `` head . ''
The package is different
some big and some small .
Some packing has two brains
and some none at all .
There are packages in boxes
that move on fast wheels .
But find one not moving
and you 'll have many meals
If the package is old and lying in bed
you may not have long to make it undead .
But if it is young
and able and true ,
it will taste that much sweeter
when its running is through .
So remember these rules
and follow the lead
of your big zombie brothers
when its time for the feed .
1 ) When hunting for packages
just say with a roar
its `` braaaaains '' you are after
and you always want `` moooooore . ''
2 ) Always practice fine habits
when slurping your sup
and announce to the world
when your feasting is up ( belch )
3 ) Though brains is our diet
do n't waste but a sliver .
Enjoy heart , spleen , and lungs
both kidneys and liver .
4 ) Sharing is caring
so give what you snatch
to zombies less able
to bag a fine catch . ( Zombies with no legs )
[ This is just the first 2/3 of the book . We 've finished writing the book and we 'll be releasing additional lines and illustrations as the campaign continues . ]
THE TEAM
Authors : Dan and Amelia Jacobs .
Dan is a writer and filmmaker . Their wife , Amelia , is an educator and artist . They are the two brains behind A Brain is For Eating . Dan also directed the Kickstarter video which we hope you enjoyed . The two will continue to be involved throughout the creation of this book until it 's printed , published and in your hands .
Illustrations : Scott Brundage
Scott is an incredible artist with and an eye for monsters and zombies . They have already finished the first five illustrations for A Brain is For Eating and is eager to get going on 15 more along with the cover art for the book . They are currently creating illustrations for the world 's top magazines and publications . They began working professionally while studying at The University of the Arts in Philadelphia after winning a children 's helmet design contest . Their helmet design was later created and sold by Bell Helmets nationwide . More recently , Scott won a prestigious Silver award in Spectrum Fantastic Art 18 .
Design , Promotions and Publishing : Pale Dot Voyage
David Littlejohn is the founder and creative director of Pale Dot Voyage , a digital bakery that specializes in design , marketing and mobile development . They partner with entrepreneurs and artists to build and launch ideas on the web and to the world . David and the Pale Dot Voyage team will be handling the final design and layout of the book , creating the website and marketing materials and getting the word out online . They 'll also be organizing the printing and publishing of the physical book and digital versions .
Printer : We are still seeking a qualty print partner . If you are interested in printing the finished version of A Brain is For Eating , please contact us .
The 5-year-old boy whose mother and stepfather were shot to death on Christmas Eve told Anchorage police officers who found them wandering in a parking lot that three `` ninjas '' had stormed their apartment and sent them to their room before killing their family .
New court documents lay out an agonizing account of the deaths of Christopher Brooks , 38 , and Danielle Brooks , 32 , which police say came at the hands of three men dressed in black who planned to rob the Mountain View couple of `` drugs and money . ''
Police have arrested Jaylyn Franklin , 20 , who they say was an accomplice in the killings .
But police say the man alleged to have shot the couple , 22-year-old Lamarkus Mann , is armed , dangerous and still eluding officers as of Monday afternoon .
Police interviewed a second alleged accomplice , DeAnthony Harris , the day of the killings at Providence Alaska Medical Center , where they were being treated for a gunshot wound to their leg , according to court documents . Police say their shooting appeared to be accidental and occurred during a melee in which Christopher Brooks was shot .
Police did not provide any information Monday about Harris ' whereabouts . A Providence spokesperson said Harris was n't on the hospital 's patient directory , and they also did n't appear in an Alaska prisoner database .
The family of Danielle Brooks , whom their brother described as a medical assistant , said they were in mourning .
`` As we witnessed Chris and Danielle 's marriage vows less than a year ago it was clear to us that they were happy , '' their father , Kyle Maze , said in a statement they posted late Monday on Facebook . `` This senseless tragedy has not only left our family without our daughter , sister and mother but has left another family without a son , brother and father . Our tears , hearts and prayers go out to Chris 's family . ''
The Brookses ' killings were Anchorage 's 33rd and 34th homicides of the year — the highest total in at least two decades .
Monday 's new details about the shootings emerged from court records and an account from the Brookses ' upstairs neighbor and friend , Gigi Lugo , who described the couple as `` family oriented '' and `` good people '' whose deaths made no sense to them
`` Everybody wants to know what really happened . But we really do n't know , '' Lugo , 30 , said in a phone interview .
On the afternoon of Christmas Eve , Lugo was cleaning their apartment on the top floor of the three-story Mountain View complex when they heard what they thought were firecrackers .
Outside one window , they could see Danielle Brooks ' son being handed to a police officer by a stranger . Outside another window , Chris Brooks was lying in bloodstained snow .
The three `` ninjas '' were gone ; a neighbor 's surveillance footage later obtained by police showed what appeared to be three men running from the Brookses ' building into a pickup and driving away . Police said the footage showed their pickup following a dark Nissan SUV . Police said their records showed that Mann , the alleged shooter , was once cited in the same color and model of car as the Nissan .
In an affidavit filed in Anchorage District Court on Christmas Day , homicide detective James Estes described how police pieced together their allegations against Mann , Harris and Franklin .
A half-hour after police were called to the crime scene , they were also called to Providence , which had reported a man had been dropped off with a gunshot wound . Harris , before the interview was cut off by Providence medical workers stepping in to treat him , gave police a `` vague '' description of the events leading to their shooting . They did n't mention a robbery , according to the affidavit .
Harris told police they were with a friend , Franklin , who was eventually taken to police headquarters for their own interview .
Franklin gave what the affidavit called `` several versions of the events '' at the Brookses ' apartment . They finally settled on one that began with them picking up Harris at work , then driving to the home of a woman where the two men met Mann and another man whose name Franklin did n't know , according to the affidavit .
Franklin said Mann asked if they and Harris `` wanted to make money , and introduced them to a plan to steal drugs and money from the victim , '' the affidavit says .
The men got gloves and T-shirts to cover their faces during the robbery , Franklin told police . Mann said they were expected as a visitor at the home of a man named Christopher , police quoted Franklin as saying .
The fourth , unidentified man drove the three others to an alley near the Brookses ' apartment , Franklin told police . Then , they said , they went inside the apartment , where Mann demanded drugs and money from Chris Brooks , according to the affidavit .
Franklin told a police detective that Chris Brooks pleaded with Mann `` to take what they wanted , while Chris ' wife , Danielle , sat on the couch and screamed , 'Oh my God , oh my God . ' ``
Mann began `` wrestling '' with Chris Brooks , according to the account from Franklin , who told police they thought that 's how Mann accidentally shot Harris — the alleged accomplice who ended up at Providence .
Mann shot Chris Brooks `` several times , '' then shot Danielle Brooks from about five feet away , Franklin told police . Franklin agreed with a police detective who suggested in the interview that Mann shot Danielle Brooks `` because they were a witness , '' the affidavit said . The men ran from the apartment into a pickup and drove Harris to the hospital , Franklin told police .
Left behind was Danielle Brooks , who police described as being covered in so much blood that officers could n't tell how they died . Police found Chris Brooks just outside their apartment building with gunshot wounds on their body and head ; they were taken to a hospital and pronounced dead shortly afterward .
Officers saw Danielle Brooks ' 5-year-old son wandering in a nearby parking lot , police said . They told them , according to the affidavit , that `` 'ninjas ' had come into their house , told them to go into their room , and killed their family . '' Another witness said the robbers were wearing black clothes .
The child is now being cared for by relatives , police said .
The affidavit makes no mention of whether the three alleged robbers found the `` drugs and money '' that Franklin told police they were seeking . Nathan Wright , a brother of Danielle Brooks , said in a message that their sister did n't use `` hard drugs , '' and found it `` laughable '' that she 'd have money .
Lugo , the upstairs neighbor , said Chris Brooks smoked marijuana , but they said she 'd never seen any indication they sold drugs . They spent much of their time at home with their stepson , or with family , Lugo said .
Every summer , Chris Brooks and their brother would play basketball with the child and Lugo 's own son in the front yard , Lugo said . They 'd talk and play video games , they added .
The couple and child , they said , `` never bothered anybody . ''
`` They would mind their own business , '' Lugo said . `` They were a little family . ''
Sitting from their office in Columbus , Ohio State head coach Urban Meyer has been able to see just how dangerous a night game at Iowa can be . Last season , Iowa upset Michigan with the first loss suffered by the Wolverines setting off a wild finale to the Big Ten season . Earlier this season , a night game at Iowa nearly caught Penn State before the Nittany Lions managed to get out of Kinnick Stadium with a last-second victory . Knowing the history of Kinnick Stadium at night , Meyer may have managed to successfully lobby themselves from having to play a night game at Iowa .
Big Ten kickoff times for Week 10 have started to come together on Monday , with Minnesota announcing it will host Michigan in primetime on FOX . The decision to have the Gophers and Wolverines in primetime was a tad puzzling considering two of the other game son the Big Ten schedule that day . Penn State is playing at Michigan State and Ohio State is playing — you guessed it — at Iowa .
🚨Schedule Alert 🚨 The # Gophers will travel to Michigan for a 6:30 p.m. CT on Nov. 4 . The game will be on FOX. # SkiUMah # RTB pic.twitter.com/IxBW6WdMXy — Minnesota Football ( @ GopherFootball ) October 23 , 2017
The Buckeyes will be playing at either noon or 3:30 p.m. eastern on November 4 , with the Nittany Lions and Spartans likely to be slotted in the other timeslot . The speculation is the 3:30 p.m . ET slot will be reserved for the winner of this week 's Ohio State-Penn State matchup , as the game will likely begin to take more weight in the College Football Playoff picture on top of the Big Ten championship hunt .
Meyer addressed concerns about playing so many road games at night this season , and perhaps the conference is responding to their concerns . Ohio State has already played four primetime games , including three on the road ( Indiana , Rutgers , Nebraska ) . If not for the World Series coverage this weekend , odds are good the home game against Penn State would have been a lock for primetime as well . Ohio State also played a primetime game earlier this year against Oklahoma . But Meyer 's chief concern was playing so many night games on the road , as it becomes quite tiresome for players .
Was Meyer looking forward to all along to prevent Ohio State from having to play a night game at Iowa ? Regardless of the motive , the Buckeyes will not have to test the fates under the lights at Kinnick Stadium in two weeks .
Academy at High Paliano Board of Senior Advisors
Meeting called to order by Chancellor Grinaldi .
Members present :
Chancellor Grinaldi
Vice Chancellor Alendis
Professor Emralla
Professor Fimarell
Professor Muzzio
Professor Tulando
Members absent :
Professor Regness ( sabbatical )
Business
Motion from Professor Muzzio : For Professor Muzzio to become vice chancellor once Alendis retires .
Vote : 1 in favor , 5 against
Resolved : motion failed
Motion from Chancellor Grinaldi : To elect Professor Tulando vice chancellor once Alendis retires .
Vote : 4 in favor , 1 against , 1 abstain
Resolved : motion carried
`` Do you think they were angry ? '' the ancient professor asked their colleague as they walked into the academy 's antechamber .
`` No , Tulando , of course not , '' the chancellor replied . `` Muzzio is a practical man . They showed no emotion when we rendered the vote . I swear they are no better than a machine . ''
`` You fail to give them credit , Chancellor . Their inventions have revolutionized our society . We now rely on their work in one form or another . ''
`` Oh , of course , '' the chancellor replied . `` But that 's why we need them in a workshop and not behind a desk . ''
The professor looked around the empty marble antechamber . It was night , and none were around , but still the professor found it best to lower their voice .
`` You 've heard the rumors about him , I take it ? ''
The chancellor scoffed .
`` Spare me . That they are an agent of the Black Rose ? Or the one that they are still the patron of the dropout , Sydri ? ''
`` He most certainly killed Daretti . ''
`` If they did , they did us a favor , '' the chancellor said . They instantly regretted the statement , the night 's meeting and late hours raising their temper . `` I 'll hear no more of this sort of talk . The matter is resolved . ''
The professor nodded to the chancellor and they both parted ways .
To Muzzio , the matter was far from resolved . They sat in their workshop , the one unknown to their colleagues , surrounded by dozens of half-finished , half-tinkered devices . Among the clutter of books and parts , Muzzio contemplated . They were not elected vice chancellor , which changed months of delicate planning .
Muzzio , Visionary Architect | Art by Volkan Baga
Unlike their contemporaries , who would have crumpled up all their plans and notes in a rage , Muzzio had collected them all , ensuring they were flat and unbent , and filed them away . Never know when I might need them again , they thought . Their mind raced with hundreds of scenarios , of blueprints of events unfolding . They needed to work through their thoughts .
After the meeting , they had summoned for their apprentice , Irie . A young man from the Low City , Irie had n't the funds to enter the academy . Muzzio had seen the potential in the boy and brought them on as their apprentice . Irie kept up Muzzio 's workshop in exchange for the same lessons others spent family fortunes to obtain—even if most of the boy 's time was spent retrieving parts and books from the Grand Library . Muzzio had spent a few months training Irie , but they needed to accelerate the lessons .
Out of breath , Irie climbed the stairs into the workshop .
Iterative Analysis | Art by Winona Nelson
`` I 'm sorry , Master , '' Irie said hurriedly . `` I came as quickly as I could . ''
`` You came as quickly as I calculated you would , '' Muzzio replied , standing from their desk . `` No need to apologize when I inconvenience you . ''
Muzzio walked over to one of their many cluttered bookshelves . On it sat the helm of an early model of one of their sentinel constructs . They spun it counterclockwise where it sat , and the book shelf lowered into the floorboards , revealing marble stairs that descended down a spiral staircase . Irie pretended to look amazed , having already found the secret passage on the second day of their apprenticeship . Muzzio knew Irie had found it , and that they were feigning shock . Irie suspected their master knew they had been down there before , but both were more than willing to play the game of ignorance .
They walked down the brightly lit stairwell and emerged in a large room , where more than a hundred mechanical constructs stood in rows . At the head of the room , where Muzzio and Irie stood , was Muzzio 's true workshop—large tables where Muzzio could tend to their creations like a doctor tends to patients ; parts put in deliberate places littered the workspace .
The centerpiece of the room , surrounded by whirring noises of various machines and the iron army , was a scale model of Paliano , with both the High City and Low City replicated in amazing detail . It took up nearly one third of the room . Irie had spent hours vetting its accuracy and was unable to find flaw in its design . The High City towered over the Lower , just as its full-scale version . The Corru River was painted through the Lower City , every twist and turn replicated . The houses themselves were not as intricate as they were in reality , but important locations , like the palace or the academy , were ornate and delicately painted .
Above it , a cogwork device built into the ceiling moved a false moon , and in day was replaced with a bright light that travelled across the fake city in real time . When it rained , Irie noted that the device ran tufts of cotton across tracks in the ceiling to replicate the clouds . There were no figures of people in the city , but Irie suspected that was how their master preferred it .
Muzzio had already begun working on a construct soldier . Irie was doing their best to pretend like they were taking the sights in for the first time .
`` Have you ever killed anyone , Irie ? '' Muzzio asked calmly , as they replaced a gear in the construct .
Muzzio 's Preparations | Art by Karl Kopinski
`` No , of course not , Sir , '' the boy replied .
`` Do you think I have killed anyone ? ''
Irie was taken aback by the question and tried to come up with a meaningful response , but could only reply , `` Yes . ''
Without emotion , Muzzio replied , `` How unfortunate . I would have hoped you thought more of me . ''
`` Apologies master , I ... it 's just ... you hear things . ''
`` Never believe a word you hear in Paliano , Irie , unless it comes from me . '' Muzzio removed plating from another part of the construct , taking a jeweler 's eye and small tools to the exposed insides . `` No , I am proud to say I 've never killed anyone , nor have I had a need to . At least , not yet . ''
`` That is quite a relief , Master , '' Irie said .
Muzzio looked up at them from their hunched-over position and stared through the jeweler 's eye . `` Do n't grovel . ''
Irie nodded .
`` All of the mechanical wonders our city knows today came from me . I do not wish to brag , simply to demonstrate that I not only have vast intelligence , but that I know how to apply it to the greater good . Every construct in Paliano is either built with my designs or from my designs . The magic that fuels them may come from various sources , but the devices themselves owe their allegiance to me . ''
`` Do you mean that you can control them ? '' Irie asked .
`` I can , but I do not need to . For every obstacle toward my grand design , there is a very simple , nonviolent solution : information . Within each of the constructs is a series of needles that transcribes all that they hear onto wax cylinders , which my sneak constructs can retrieve for me . You would be amazed at what people speak of when they think they are in the presence of a nonentity . ''
Irie felt like they knew .
`` The people scurry about , but on every corner , and now in nearly every shop , one of my constructs tends to them . My creations file their documents , count their money . ''
`` Then is that your 'grand design , ' to replace people with the machines ? '' Irie asked . `` There are no people in your vision of the future ? ''
Deal Broker | Art by Cliff Childs
Muzzio laughed , which unnerved Irie .
`` Of course not ! Everything I do , I do for people , to make their lives better . ''
`` But the way you describe the city , it 's like you want everything to run like a clock . ''
`` That is a nice goal , '' Muzzio replied . `` But foolhardy . The human variables are what will always throw off any plan for clockwork perfection one could hope to attain . I have met some who have been to amazing places and speak of ancient warring artificers and of the perfect worlds they wanted to create . There are even rumors of a place where the perfection of machines blends inseparably with the vitality of organic life . I hope we can one day be like those places . I must mitigate the variables , as best I can , to help society move forward . ''
Muzzio closed the panel on the construct .
`` A real artificer , '' they continued , `` can step away from a creation and know it will continue to function on its own . But until I know I can step away , I must tinker and keep everything as it needs to be . I do not make the parts , I 'm merely assembling them . ''
The construct jittered , then began to move its appendages . It pushed itself from the table and walked toward an empty spot in the ranks of the other soldiers .
`` I do not need to be in charge , '' Muzzio continued , standing with their arms behind their back , admiring their soldiers . `` The vice chancellor position would have given me the autonomy and power needed to move into the next phase of my plan . I was n't elected vice chancellor , which based on my projections I should have easily taken . But the death of Brago and their seeming ascension , which I could n't foresee , caused them to vote more cautiously . ''
`` What do you plan to do ? '' Irie asked . `` What do you need me to do for all of this ? ''
`` To watch , listen , and learn , '' Muzzio replied . `` You are my student , after all . ''
Cogwork Librarian | Art by Dan Scott
Over the next few days , Muzzio 's constructs received new orders .
Professor Emralla found that the bank no longer had record of their money . The magister assured them that no living soul had been into the vaults , nor would any have been able to . Behind the magister , constructs went about counting coin , no more nefarious than a broom or spade , moving currency from one pile to the next . Emralla understood clerical errors , but they had just been made aware their latest payment on their estate in the Santuo District—which they knew they had given to the delivery construct—never made it to the loan house . They went to sort out the situation , but quickly found that due to clerical errors , the home was not properly registered in their name and they were to be evicted . The ink on the quill of the bookkeeping construct had n't even yet dried .
Professor Tulando feared a wanton construct attacking them in the streets . They had never taken to the machines and had none in their home . They peered nervously through windows , barely able to sleep at night . There is nothing to worry about , they told himself . Muzzio is a reasonable man . The rumors are just rumors . They were almost over their fears when they went early to their breakfast table one morning . Their servants were not yet arrived to prepare their meal , but there was a stack of papers where their food normally sat . The papers documented , quite thoroughly , how Tulando had misappropriated academy funds for their own fortune , even going so far as to show covert dealings with the smuggler Ervos Trax . There were signed documents , and even one of these papers would result in their arrest and termination . Tulando was innocent of all these crimes , but the message was clear . They resigned less than an hour later .
Chancellor Grinaldi 's money was not touched , their titles were not altered , nor was they unjustly framed or blackmailed . They were having an affair , and a construct recorded this information . The details were documented and a blank envelope left outside the chancellor 's house for their wife to find . The chancellor was forced to leave their position to fix their personal life .
The equation remained the same , but the variables were different .
Business
Motion from Professor Muzzio : For Professor Muzzio to become Vice Chancellor once Alendis becomes Chancellor .
Vote : 1 in favor , 0 against , 3 abstain
Resolved : Motion carried
Academy at High Paliano Board of Senior Advisors
Meeting called to order by Vice Chancellor Alendis .
Members present :
Vice Chancellor Alendis
Professor Fimarell
Professor Muzzio
Professor Regness
Members absent :
Chancellor Grinaldi ( resigned )
Professor Emralla ( sabbatical )
Professor Tulando ( resigned )
Business
Motion from Professor Muzzio : For Professor Muzzio to become vice chancellor once Alendis becomes chancellor .
Vote : 1 in favor , 0 against , 3 abstain
Resolved : motion carried
These are first impressions from our reviewer , Phil Iwaniuk . Our full scored review will follow later this week .
Prosaically , it works .
The game loads without crashing . The online servers are functioning , and stable . When you 're driving , you do n't fall through the world . You do n't see cars convulsing under the will of a borked physics model , nor with headlamps and registration plates floating ghoulishly in mid-air at the hands of some outlandish glitch . These are underwhelming assertions , yes , but they should n't go unsaid . Not of an always-online game , whose embargo meant you could go and buy it before any reviews could be posted . Not with the winter Ubisoft 's having .
Any fears of The Crew releasing with a case of the Unitys can now be allayed , then . All that beta testing seems to have done the trick , letting this intrepid writer slip into the shared online environment of Ivory Tower 's America without a hiccup and share the streets of Detroit with strangers and their unintelligible chat window activity .
It has scope , allowing cross-country joyrides with kaleidoscopic environmental variation and plenty of distractions .
But does it work conceptually ? It 's going to take a while to figure that one out about The Crew . As an open world game it has scope , allowing cross-country joyrides with kaleidoscopic environmental variation and plenty of distractions to pull you away from your intended destination during every journey . The very first thing I did was find the furthest possible point on the map ( it 's L.A. ) and drive there . On that half-hour journey , I felt a prickle of excitement as all the possibilities become evident . The plot 's hokey—of course it is—and perhaps the visuals fall just shy of show-stopping . But crikey , the freedom The Crew gives you , both to explore and to turn your run-of-the-mill production car into a monster ATV , street racer or simply as a canvas for your most offensive paintjobs and vinyls .
You 'll have plenty of time on your cross-country excursion to notice how much of Test Drive Unlimited 1 & 2 's DNA is present—in the currency you earn for chaining together drifts , overtakes , near misses in oncoming traffic , in the construction of that enormous space , in the way police cars chase and trap you . But above all , in the handling model that you feel will be great , if you just tweak the sensitivity and deadzones a bit .
It 's like a chair you can never quite get comfy in . My westbound drive was nevertheless engrossing , thanks not just to the changing scenery but the day/night cycle and handful of human companions on the freeway who 'd evidently all had the same idea as me . But right after reaching south L.A. just as dawn rose , I fast-travelled back to the location of my next story mission and raced it over and over again , trying to put my finger on what I do n't like about the handling . Is it unresponsive ? Adjusting the deadzones and sensitivity does n't seem to fix it . Is the ‘ look to apex ' cockpit camera to blame ? Nope . In large part , it 's the way your car seems to bounce off small bumps and kerbs like both your chassis and the road are made of rubber . I 'm still trying to find the magical deadzone/sensitivity combination to alleviate that .
But I 'm not disheartened . The Crew 's loot system already has its hooks in me . Completing a story race , or even taking on one of the hundreds of challenges littered around America 's streets like confetti , earns you either a gold , silver or bronze car upgrade . Those upgrades increase the performance number of your car overall , and in no time you 'll find yourself watching these numbers like they 're the NASDAQ and you 're a greedy banker
Priority numbers one is n't maxing out my car , it 's turning off all the layers of UI .
Priority numbers one is n't maxing out my car , though , it 's turning off all the layers of UI . If you let it , the Crew 's many fussy windows and HUD elements will swallow up your game with chat windows , gamer tags and the like . Some of these elements can be turned off . Some of them . But at present , not enough to avoid being constantly reminded that hey ! You 're in a videogame , buddy . Look at these game elements !
One thing 's clear : there 's a lot of game here . Enough game to either melt your grievances away in the fullness of time , or turn them into game-breaking neuroses . I found the opening hours hugely encouraging despite some trade-offs , so let 's all cross our fingers that the long-form Crew experience smoothes out the rough edges .
Afghan young military officers stand in attention before listening to the speech of Afghan President Hamid Karzai during a ceremony in Kabul on Feb. 16 , 2013 . President Hamid Karzai announced Saturday they intend to ban Afghan ground forces from calling in NATO airstrikes on residential areas . ( S. SABAWOON/EPA )
President Hamid Karzai announced Saturday they intend to ban Afghan ground forces from calling in NATO airstrikes on residential areas — even though their country 's fighters have had to rely in the past on such air power in operations against Taliban militants .
“ Our forces ask for air support from foreigners , and children get killed in an airstrike , ” Karzai said in a speech at a military academy here , reinforcing their often truculent posture toward the U.S.-backed international coalition that has long supported their government .
Ten civilians , including five women and four children , died in a NATO airstrike Tuesday night in a remote village in eastern Kunar province that also killed three militant commanders , one of them linked to al-Qaeda , Afghan officials said .
NATO launched an investigation , and Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. , the new commander of U.S. and international forces here , met with Karzai to express condolences for civilian casualties , according to statements earlier this week from both the presidential palace and the alliance .
The Afghan leader said they would issue a decree Sunday “ stating that under no conditions can Afghan forces request foreign airstrikes on Afghan homes or Afghan villages during operations . ”
1 of 21 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Life and war in Afghanistan : February 2013 View Photos Photographers document everyday life in Afghanistan as coalition forces prepare for their 2014 departure . Caption Photographers document everyday life in Afghanistan as coalition forces prepare for their 2014 departure . Feb. 11 , 2013 Young musicians from a school in Kabul rehearse for a Carnegie Hall concert with musicians from Scarsdale High School in Scarsdale , N.Y . The Afghan Youth Orchestra , many of whose members are not far removed from eking out a living on the streets of Kabul , is on the New York leg of a U.S. tour that melds Western classics with traditional Afghan music . About 50 players held a joint rehearsal Monday with 25 members of the Scarsdale High School orchestra , which meant that young musicians from a war-torn country where music was banned for several years by the Taliban were playing alongside those from one of New York 's toniest suburbs . Jim Fitzgerald/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Because Afghanistan has only an incipient air force , NATO must fill the void to protect its own troops and the Afghans ' — even while fending off Karzai 's repeated accusations that it is somehow indifferent to civilian deaths .
A former Afghan general , Amrullah Aman , reacted with surprise to Karzai 's remarks in an interview with the Associated Press .
“ In a country like Afghanistan , where you do n't have heavy artillery and you do n't have air forces to support soldiers on the ground , how will it be possible to defeat an enemy that knows the area well and can hide anywhere ? ” Aman said . “ There must be air support to help all those ground forces on the battlefield . ”
NATO declined to comment .
Many analysts continue to express doubt about the capacity of the country 's desertion-prone national police and military forces to hold their own against the Taliban after NATO ends its combat mission at the end of 2014 .
As they step up training Afghan forces to assume responsibility for the country 's defense , Western troops are concurrently accelerating their withdrawal , in part at Karzai 's insistence . President Obama has ordered half the remaining 66,000 U.S. troops here to depart within a year .
Last June , after a NATO air attack killed 18 civilians , Dunford 's predecessor , Gen. John Allen , restricted the use of strikes against suspected militants “ within civilian dwellings . ”
The circumstances of the latest attack are not entirely known , at least not publicly , but Afghan officials said it occurred during a combined American-Afghan raid and two homes were hit by aerial munitions .
In their speech , Karzai said Dunford told them the strikes were called in by the Afghan spy agency , the National Directorate of Security .
“ If this is true , it is very regrettable and it is very shameful . How could they ask foreigners to send planes and bomb our own houses ? ” the Afghan president said .
Mirror Image : A Link to the Past ReMixed is the 63rd free community arrangement album published by OverClocked ReMix . It features eighteen arrangements of the soundtrack to legendary SNES RPG The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past from eighteen artists , in a variety of styles ranging from EDM to orchestral to jazz to prog rock , paying homage to composer Koji Kondo 's amazing music and one of Nintendo 's enduring classics .
Director Notes
`` The music of the Legend of Zelda games has always been an integral part of the game experience , even being able to play musical instruments in the games themselves . We felt that A Link To The Past deserved more attention than it already got in the game music community , since many of composer Koji Kondo 's greatest and most iconic themes originated from this game . In celebration of the game 's 25th anniversary , we set out to honour the legacy of its soundtrack by creating an arrangement album while also staying true to the awesome diversity that defines the remixing community . We hope you enjoy it ! ''
- William “ WillRock ” Harby and Emery “ DaMonz ” Monzerol
Although they wildly embellished their military career , claiming they served in Afghanistan and Vietnam , Lemmond was indeed a Canadian reservist for a time .
Their lawyer , Dean Paquette , noted that as a member of Them Majesty 's Army and Navy Veterans Society of Hamilton , their client was encouraged to wear the club 's uniform .
But Lemmond believed he 'd gain more respect by adorning the attire with military medals , Paquette said . `` Candidly , they concede to me it gave them a greater sense of prestige attending these functions . ''
Lemmond also told Paquette they were abandoned as a child , adopted at age five , sexually abused , a student in a Brantford residential school and patient in a psychiatric hospital when they were a teenager .
`` So one could well understand that the role they were playing gave them a level of self-respect , perhaps a false one , but self-respect they probably never had experienced in their life . ''
Lemmond also underwent a quadruple bypass three years ago and was scheduled for surgery to treat blood clots in their legs , Paquette said .
When the allegations became public , the old age pensioner received death threats , they added .
Justice Timothy Culver expressed sympathy for Lemmond 's rough upbringing , but said the needs and sacrifices of war veterans `` really are diminished '' by such false claims . `` You really did n't gain anything other than some , I suppose , minor ego boost . ''
Culver placed Lemmond on 12 months of probation , during which time they must report to a probation officer . He 's not allowed to wear military medals or honours to which he 's not entitled .
The senior citizen 's story came under scrutiny when Mohawk student Daniel Levinter , a former cadet , noticed `` red flags '' during the apparently decorated veteran 's Nov. 11 speech at the McIntyre theatre .
On Wednesday , Mohawk thanked Levinter for having the `` courage to step up and question '' Lemmond 's service record .
`` It was a teachable moment for Mohawk and one that we 're not going to repeat , '' spokesperson Jay Robb said in an email .
`` We 're going to do our homework on every guest speaker who takes part in one of the most important ceremonies at our college . ''
Lemmond did n't return requests for comment Wednesday .
tmoro @ thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @ TeviahMoro
Restaurants being bought out for private events is n't all that unusual , as anyone who has ever tried to book a table at a steakhouse during OTC has discovered . Similarly , good barbecue restaurants sell out of meat almost every day .
Despite both of those situations being fairly routine , Pinkerton 's Barbecue 's experience with a buyout that closed it during lunch on Thursday occurred under unusual circumstances . Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant selected the Heights-area barbecue joint to cater a party they threw in their hometown of Lufkin on Thursday .
“ Dez called himself , ” pitmaster Grant Pinkerton tells CultureMap . “ He called my buddy 's phone around 4 pm and said ‘ I want everything on the pit right now and double it . ' ”
All in , that turned out to be 230 pounds of brisket , 200 pounds of pork ribs , 180 pounds of sausage , 80 pounds of beef ribs , and 100 pounds of pulled pork . The restaurant also provided 120 pounds of potato salad along with beans and coleslaw .
At first , Bryant posted to Facebook that they spent $ 13,000 on the catering ; they later posted that they spent $ 16,000 . Pinkerton estimates they and their crew fed well over 1,000 people .
“ I have a video of the line walking through , ” Pinkerton says . “ It took me a whole minute to walk from one side of the line to the end . ”
As for why Bryant selected the restaurant , Pinkerton thinks it helps that both one of their college roommates and a Pinkerton 's employee are from Lufkin . The Pro Bowler apparently follows the barbecue joint 's social media closely enough that they complimented a video it recently posted to Facebook .
“ I did n't really know what to expect . I 'd only see them on ESPN , ” Pinkerton says . “ He was super nice . First thing they did when they had me come bring them food was that they served all the kids in the room first . ”
Marcus Wallace was 20 when they first saw their birth certificate . It named a woman they never met as “ mother. ” Curious , they stepped into the New York Public Library to look for clues — and got the shock of their life .
A library worker found a 1985 newspaper story on Dorothea Ballas , a 21-year-old student at Fairleigh Dickinson University in Teaneck , NJ . Ballas had given birth in their dorm room , put the newborn in a trash bag , knotted the top and dropped it in a dumpster behind a gas station , leaving the boy to suffocate or freeze in 20-degree temperatures .
“ I broke down . I got on the subway and cried all the way from 42nd Street to Flatbush Avenue , ” said Wallace , now 31 and ­living in Brooklyn .
“ I had a lot of whys . What was wrong with me ? Why me ? ”
The discovery spurred years of roller-coaster emotions . After two debilitating strokes in one year , they struggled to regain their health and their self-esteem .
“ My mother threw me in a dumpster . It took me a very long time to deal with that , but I 've gotten past it , ” Wallace said .
Still , they never stopped searching for ­answers .
Wallace 's journey led them to find this reporter , formerly with The ­Record of Hackensack newspaper , who covered the baby 's abandonment and miraculous survival .
“ Nobody told me anything until I found your story , ” they said .
The Post arranged a reunion , three ­decades later , between Wallace and the three people who rescued him .
On a December day just as frigid as Wallace 's birthday on Jan. 19 , 1985 , they gathered on a now-empty lot next to FDU dorms where the dumpster stood , exchanging bear hugs and weeping with joy .
“ You 're my hero , ” Wallace told Michael Randelman , a musician and painting contractor who came from Florida for the occasion .
On that morning in 1985 , Randelman , then 25 , was driving home from a girlfriend 's house at about 3 a.m . They stopped to inflate their tires at a gas station near their Hackensack home , but the air pump was broken .
So they headed a few miles to a Teaneck Shell station . The restroom was “ filthy , ” so they went behind the dumpster to urinate .
“ I heard a crying noise . I kept hearing it , ” Randelman said . “ I lifted the lid , but all I saw was garbage . ”
They called over station attendant Lo Kuo-Raya . They agreed a baby was inside , but they could n't see it . Randelman used a pay phone to call the Teaneck police .
Officers Phillip Lavigne and Sheridan Ogden pulled up a minute later . “ We figured it was a cat , ” Ogden recalled .
Lavigne climbed in , careful not to step on a black bag that differed from the other trash . They ripped it open and found the ­naked newborn , along with the umbilical cord and placenta .
“ I was in a state of disbelief — to have someone just discard a living being like that , ” said Lavigne , whose wife was pregnant at the time with their first child .
Lavigne held the baby close to their chest , while Ogden raced at 80 mph with lights and sirens toward Holy Name Hospital .
“ I think I had wings on the car , ” Ogden said .
Doctors whisked the infant inside . “ You got here just in time , ” one told the cops .
The baby , dubbed “ Johnny Doe , ” would have died of exposure had they not been found quickly , they said .
During their meeting , Lavigne presented Wallace with a Teaneck police cap and their shield — No . 187 — as mementos .
For Lavigne , the gift knew they made a difference .
“ It 's the best Christmas gift you could ever give a cop , ” Lavigne sobbed .
Randelman , who has no kids , is thrilled they helped give Wallace life . They plan to meet again so Randelman can teach them to play the drums .
“ I love you , Marcus , ” Randelman told him . “ You are special , and you were meant to be here . Do n't let that incident tell you otherwise . ”
As the reporter kept digging and the two ex-cops searched their memories , Wallace learned more of their origins .
Investigators had quickly identified their mother as Ballas because their name was on papers and other debris in the trash bag .
The bag also had a handwritten note or poem in Greek , with words to the effect : “ I love you . I do n't want to do this , ” the cops recalled . A Greek woman who translated the note for police at the time described it last week as “ enigmatic ” and “ confused . ”
Wallace never knew about the note .
“ I 've never seen my mother , ” they said . One yellowed news clipping gave a first glimpse — a photo taken in court of a beautiful brunette in a high-necked white blouse . Wallace bears a striking resemblance to them
At the time , Ballas told police they hid their pregnancy from family , friends and their former boyfriend , the baby 's father . Alone when they went into labor , they delivered the baby herself . They then discarded the boy in “ sheer panic , ” authorities said .
Ballas and the father , Ruthven Prithwie , then a 22-year-old student from Trinidad , had recently split up , they told the reporter in an interview two months after the birth . They had asked if Ballas was pregnant , but they said , “ I 'm just gaining weight . ”
They believed Ballas feared the disapproval of their strict Greek Orthodox parents .
“ I am the bad guy , ” Prithwie said . “ Number one , I am foreign . Number two , I am black . ”
But they felt no ill will . “ I do n't hold it against them for doing what they did , ” they said . “ Somehow or other , I understand . ”
Ballas pleaded guilty to attempted murder . “ I gave birth to a child . I placed the child in a bag , ” they told the court in a near-whisper . They said the baby lay in the bin about 90 minutes before they were found . They were sentenced to probation and did no jail time .
While Ballas ' parents wanted to put the baby up for adoption , Prithwie fought to keep him . “ I want to make a good home for my son , ” they said , naming them Marcus . ­Finally , the child was placed in their custody and sent to live with Prithwie 's family in Trinidad while they finished their studies .
Their father vowed to keep their abandonment a secret . “ I do n't want my son to know , ” they said in the 1985 interview . “ If they ever does find out , I guess I 'll have to ­explain it to him , but I do n't know how . ”
Wallace grew up in Trinidad with their father 's sister and a grandma . “ I called them Mommy , ” they said of their aunt . “ I still love them as a mother . They took care of me as if I were them own . ”
‘ I honestly believe they do n't want anything to do with me … They do n't want any part of their past . '
The sister 's own son was “ my brother , ” they said . Wallace 's dad visited them in Trinidad several times a year .
At age 7 or so , the family began referring to the woman who raised them as their aunt . They were confused but too young to understand . “ I knew something was wrong , but I did n't know what it was . ”
Wallace returned to the United States at age 16 to live with their dad , who owns a concierge service , and their dad 's wife , another FDU classmate , in Uniondale , LI . They call them Mom . They have two younger sisters .
Like their dad , who attended FDU on a track scholarship , Wallace excelled on the Uniondale High School track team .
But despite a life full of love and laughter , they said , “ I always felt a void . ”
After Wallace graduated from high school , they began seeking the truth about their roots and found the headline that jolted their soul .
Over the years , Wallace has tried to reach Ballas , now 53 . They phoned a florist business run by their parents and asked politely , “ Please tell them that Marcus called . ”
The next time they tried , they were told , “ Do n't call back . ”
They also messaged Ballas ' two brothers on Facebook . They never replied . Ballas ' parents have since died . Wallace has learned only that Ballas married a fellow Greek , had two other kids and moved to Rhode Island .
The Post reached Ballas on their cellphone and started to explain .
“ Oh , I 'm sorry , ” they blurted , and hung up . They did not respond to a letter .
“ I honestly believe they do n't want anything to do with me , ” Wallace said . “ She does n't want any part of their past . ”
After attending Kingsborough Community College , Wallace left to follow a girlfriend to Atlanta . They married . They landed jobs managing a Walmart and a Roadrunner trucking company
They were in the delivery room at the birth of their daughter , Addison , now age 3 .
“ I watched them come out , ” they said . At that moment , they could n't help wondering what Ballas went through at their own birth . But after reading the news articles , Wallace feels less resentment than concern .
“ She 's still my mother . They carried me full term , ” they said . “ I have nothing but love for the woman . I 'm very grateful that I 'm able to be a loving father to my own little girl . Thank you for allowing me the opportunity to be alive . ”
Wallace said they still hope to meet their birth mom someday . They are determined to deliver one message : “ I forgive you . ”
When an official Ukrainian contingent visited Washington late last year to lobby for American support , it came bearing gifts : photographic proof of Russian troops in Ukraine . The group , including two prominent military commanders-turned-MPs , presented the packet of images to U.S. Sen. Jim Inhofe , who , in turn , presented them to the Senate last month . There was only one problem : Two of the photos appeared to be from Russia 's war with Georgia in 2008 . Reporters questioned the veracity of at least one other image .
Whether intentional or not , the move hinted at desperation . For 10 months , Russia has fuelled an armed insurgency in eastern Ukraine through a combination of state propaganda and covert military support . And it 's winning , a fact that 's left Kyiv desperate to fight back any way it can—not only on the ground , but in hearts and minds . The question has been : how ?
The Kremlin never had this problem . After protesters in Kyiv toppled ex-president Viktor Yanukovych last year , Russia 's powerful state media apparatus painted the popular uprising as a “ fascist ” coup in round-the-clock broadcasts . Straddling the line between gross embellishment and outright lies , incendiary reports on television sowed panic among Russian-speaking viewers in Crimea that Ukraine 's new “ nationalist ” government would hunt them down . Russian television was the main source of information for the vast majority of Russian-speakers in Crimea and eastern Ukraine . ( Later , many of these channels were banned from Ukrainian airwaves . )
For the Kremlin , media have been little For the Kremlin , media have been little more than a tool for stirring unrest , says Yevhen Fedchenko , head of the journalism school at the National University of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy . “ It has nothing to do with journalism as we understand it , ” they say . With more than 6,000 now dead , the conflict has mushroomed . But so has Kyiv 's appreciation for the power of information . Cue the ministry of information policy . Led by a former journalist and close ally of President Petro Poroshenko , it 's rolling out plans to coordinate the fight against Kremlin propaganda . So far , it 's taking a two-pronged approach . Last week , it launched an “ information army ” to counter pro-Russian online trolls and disinformation campaigns . Something of a cottage industry in the ongoing information war , trolls are widely despised for their prolific pro-Kremlin commentary on social networks .
In the offing is a state television channel dubbed Ukraine Tomorrow , a less-than-subtle response to Russia Today ( now called RT ) , the generously funded state network that 's played a key role in broadcasting Moscow 's view to the rest of the world . RT , and most other state television networks , are known for their slick production values and often dramatic presentation . “ They only have today , ” the minister , Yuriy Stets , reportedly said at a recent briefing , “ but we have the future . ”
Mostly , though , the plans have been dismissed by critical Ukrainian journalists who see them as a clumsy attempt to copy Russia 's top-down model . When the ministry was unveiled last December , it was promptly dubbed the “ ministry of truth ” ( a nod to George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty-Four ) . Lesya Ganzha , a media reporter and editor in Kyiv , says there 's no need to effectively “ duplicate ” existing institutions , such as official press services . “ With these instruments , [ officials ] can get their message across and help journalists do their jobs . ”
But even these government press services are seen as part of the problem . One year after the uprising on Maidan , honest information from officials is still difficult to come by , especially regarding the war in the east . Last month , as rebels pushed government troops out of the strategic hub of Debaltseve , officials insisted the pullback was an orderly withdrawal . In reality , the troops—whose casualties the military also initially downplayed—were massacred as they fled frantically with little support , according to journalists on the ground .
Dubious claims and exaggerated casualty counts have been a favoured tactic for both sides in the war . But for Ukrainians who saw last year 's revolution as a moral victory , official attempts to sanitize or promote the war effort as a success , based on unverified information , are troubling . Many believe another government agency would only further muddy the picture . “ If we start complaining about Russian propaganda , ” says Fedchenko , “ then the answer will be , ‘ Well , look at what you 're doing . ' ”
Others believe ordinary Ukrainians are actually secondary targets for Kyiv 's information campaign . As the debate continues over whether to arm the country , the overarching goal , says Balazs Jarabik , non-resident scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , is to keep the West on its side . “ This is not about countering Russian propaganda , ” they say . “ This is about countering Russian propaganda in the West. ” So far , neither the photograph fiasco in Washington nor any other credibility problems at home seem to have damaged Western support for Ukraine . That 's despite aggressive attempts by Russian media to exaggerate Ukraine 's political dysfunction .
But in Kyiv and elsewhere across the country , public discontent continues to stir over the slow pace of reforms and military defeats . While most observers agree another Maidan is unlikely , they say the authorities have done little to fulfill post-revolutionary expectations . Stets , the information minister , says their main task is to reinstate trust in the authorities . In a country whose population has never quite trusted its leaders , it will be an uphill battle .
Live television footage in Sydney estimates that there are 13 hostages in the Lindt Chocolate Café in Sydney , Australia . Their hands are pressed against the windows , where a black and white flag with Arabic letters is visible .
While initially reported as an ISIS flag , ITV has reported that the text translates as `` There is no God but Allah and Mohammed is the messenger of God . '' And that it is not specifically linked with that particular terrorist group .
Australia is backing the United States in its action against ISIS in Syria and Iraq . Armed police have closed off the surrounding area , which includes the Reserve Bank of Australia . Trains and buses have halted after a train operator said there was a bomb threat called in at Martin Place . Airspace over the area has also been closed .
According to Business Insider , the man , armed with a shotgun , have made demands to speak to `` a senior Australian public figure '' and warn that bombs have been placed at various locations in the city . That report , however , has not been verified .
Local officials are concerned that the armed man might be part of a home-grown Muslim faction that has returned from the Middle East .
UPDATE : Prime Minister Tony Abbott addressed reporters , and said security agencies had not detected any additional plots but that there are citizens in Australia with the `` intent and capability '' to carry out a terror attack . Abbott said there will be `` more security '' at airports , ports , military bases , public buildings and large public events .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
`` Normal life in Australia can and must go on , '' Abbott said .
UPDATE :
Confirmation from police that three hostages have been released . # SydneySiege — Maria Lewis ( @ moviemazz ) December 15 , 2014
# BREAKING : Two more hostages have just escaped from # sydneysiege — Sky News Australia ( @ SkyNewsAust ) December 15 , 2014
This is the moment the last woman escaped https : //t.co/QyaNJ4cRbf — Let it Di Stefasnow ( @ MarkDiStef ) December 15 , 2014
PREVIOUSLY :
​
BREAKING @ SkyBusiness : @ ljayes : # sydneysiege flag : `` There is no god but Allah and Mohammed is the messenger of god '' . pic.twitter.com/LbzVQPYWca — Carson Scott ( @ carsonscottLIVE ) December 14 , 2014
BREAKING : First photo of middle-aged hostage-taker , who is wearing a black bandana while conducting the # SydneySiege . pic.twitter.com/Rv2cvDG2vT — Jack Moore ( @ JFXM ) December 15 , 2014
NSW Premier Mike Baird says their thoughts and prayers are with the people in the # sydneysiege . http : //t.co/7NdqPYhwcY pic.twitter.com/I71KEcYFIy — ABC News ( @ abcnews ) December 15 , 2014
PM Abbott on # sydneysiege : `` I would urge all Australians today to go about their business as usual `` pic.twitter.com/21WRvCOjzd — TEN Eyewitness News ( @ channeltennews ) December 15 , 2014 UPDATE :
Local media reports hostages seen running out of cafe # sydneysiege # BREAKING we 'll have the latest @ AJENews now — Maryam Nemazee ( @ MaryamNemazee ) December 15 , 2014
[ via ITV ]
BEFORE WATCHMEN is continuing . We 're still in the midst of the first round of miniseries but there 's more coming . Back in August it was announced that there would be a BEFORE WATCHMEN : MOLOCH miniseries ( with the first issue on sale November 7 ) written by J. Michael Straczynski with art by Eduardo Risso .
Today , DC announces the next character that will be appearing : Dollar Bill .
BEFORE WATCHEN : DOLLAR BILL will be a one-shot written by Len Wein and illustrated by Steve Rude . Wein will be exploring why Bill Brady put on a costume that made them a mascot for National Bank Co. How did they go from this to becoming one of the heroes ? We 'll have to read to find out . MTV Geek has an interview with Wein .
BEFORE WATCHEN : DOLLAR BILL goes on sale January 30 , 2013 .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - The Iraqi government has dismissed a call from U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for Iranian-backed paramilitary units that helped Baghdad defeat Islamic State to end operations in Iraq .
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi attends a meeting with Saudi Arabia 's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia October 22 , 2017 . Saudi Press Agency/Handout via REUTERS
Speaking after a meeting on Sunday with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and Saudi Arabia 's King Salman , Tillerson said it was time for the Iraqi Popular Mobilisation forces and their Iranian advisers to “ go home ” .
Washington , which backed Baghdad against Islamic State , is concerned Iran will use its expanded presence in Iraq and in Syria to expand its influence in the region .
But Abadi showed unwillingness to meet Tillerson 's demand .
“ No party has the right to interfere in Iraqi matters , ” the statement from their office read . It did not cite the prime minister themselves but a “ source ” close to him .
Trained and armed by Iran , the Iraqi Popular Mobilisation forces often supported Iraqi government units in the fight against the militants who were effectively defeated in July when a U.S.-backed offensive captured their stronghold Mosul .
They are paid by the Iraqi government and officially report to the prime minister , but some Arab Sunni and Kurdish politicians describe these militias as a de facto branch of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corp .
Iraq 's Sunni neighbors , including Saudi Arabia , share Washington 's concerns over Shi'ite power Iran 's influence in Iraq , where the population is also predominantly Shi'ite .
But the office of Abadi , themselves a Shi'ite , said the forces were under the authority of the Iraqi government . “ Popular Mobilisation are Iraqi patriots , ” it said in the statement .
The United States trained tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers in the course of rebuilding the Iraqi armed forces and has over 5,000 troops deployed in the country , providing key air and ground support to the offensive on Islamic State .
The RAM , also known as the 6.5-Inch Anti-Tank Aircraft Rocket or ATAR , was an air-to-ground rocket used by the United States Navy during the Korean War . Developed rapidly , the rocket proved successful but was phased out shortly after the end of the conflict .
Design and development [ edit ]
In 1950 , the outbreak of the Korean War resulted in the United States Navy urgently requiring an aircraft-launched rocket that would be effective against enemy tanks , [ 2 ] as the existing High Velocity Aircraft Rocket ( HVAR ) high-velocity aircraft rocket was expected to be ineffective against the armor of IS-3 heavy tanks . [ 3 ]
The development of an improved rocket was undertaken with remarkable speed ; a directive to start work on the project was issued on July 6 , 1950 , and the first rockets were delivered to the war zone on July 29 . [ 4 ] Over the course of those 23 days , the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake , located in China Lake , California , developed an improved version of the HVAR , with a new , 6.5 inches ( 165 mm ) shaped-charge warhead replacing the earlier weapon 's 5 inches ( 127 mm ) charge . [ 2 ] The fuse for the shaped charge , developed with the same haste as the rocket itself , was considered dangerous , but proved to be safe enough in service ; it was described as being `` [ not ] as dangerous as the Russian tanks '' it was designed to destroy . [ 5 ] Claimed as being superior in armor penetration to the conventional 3.5 inch bazooka 's warhead , [ 4 ] which could penetrate 11 inches ( 279 mm ) of armor , [ 6 ] the RAM 's warhead was capable of penetrating 24 inches ( 610 mm ) of armor plate . [ 7 ]
Operational history [ edit ]
Officially designated the 6.5-Inch Anti-Tank Aircraft Rocket ( ATAR ) , and commonly known in service as `` RAM '' , the new rocket was rushed to the Korean front , [ 2 ] being used in combat for the first time on August 16 , 1950 . [ 4 ] Despite the haste with which the weapon had been developed , the very first shipment included a full set of documentation and firing tables for the use of the rocket . [ 8 ] The first 600 rockets were constructed by hand , [ 3 ] but a production line was rapidly set up . [ 4 ]
In operational service , the RAM was fitted to the F-51 Mustang , F-80 Shooting Star and F4U Corsair aircraft , [ 9 ] and it proved to be moderately effective , [ 2 ] with the first 150 rockets fired scoring `` at least '' eight confirmed kills of North Korean tanks . [ 9 ] However , the rocket proved to be unpopular with pilots , due to the close approach to the target required for accurate firing execution ; the HVAR offered a longer range , while napalm was considered more effective if the range had to be closed . [ 10 ] With the end of the war in 1953 , the ATAR was withdrawn from service , [ 10 ] improved versions of the HVAR having become available as an alternative . [ 2 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes
^ http : //bulletpicker.com/pdf/OP % 201415 , % 20Rocket % 20Assemblies.pdf a b c d e Parsch 2004 a b Babcock 1998 , p.177 a b c d [ 1 ] `` U.S. Navy : Naval History and Heritage Command . Accessed 2011-01-08 ^ Babcock 1998 , p.179 ^ http : //www.koreanwaronline.com/history/Bazooka/1.pdf ^ Magnificent Mavericks : Transition of the Naval Ordnance Test Station from Rocket Station to Research , Development , Test , and Evaluation Center , 1948-58 ( History of the Navy at China Lake , California ) . Dept . of the Navy . p. 181 . ISBN 9780945274568 . ^ Babcock 1998 , p.183 a b Babcock 1998 , p.184 a b Babcock 1998 , p.189
One of President Barack Obama 's major climate initiatives has survived its first major legal test . But the fighting is far from over .
A federal appeals court yesterday dismissed a lawsuit seeking to prevent the Obama administration from issuing landmark regulations on greenhouse gas emissions from existing power plants , saying the challenge was premature because the rules are not yet final . The challengers—an alliance of energy and fossil fuel companies and coal-producing states—wanted the court “ to do something that they candidly acknowledge we have never done before : review the legality of a proposed rule , ” wrote Judge Brett Kavanaugh of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in an opinion unanimously backed by a three-judge panel .
Officials at the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , which last year unveiled the so-called Clean Power Plan , welcomed the news . “ E.P.A . is pleased that the court has denied the challenges to our proposed Clean Power Plan and confirmed our assessment that they are premature , ” wrote EPA spokesperson Liz Purchia in a statement .
The agency is now free to fine-tune and release the final rule , which is expected later this summer . It has received more than 2 million public comments on the draft , which officials have said they plan to tweak . But the outline is clear . Sometimes drawing on some creative application of rarely used provisions of the federal Clean Air Act , EPA has set a separate carbon-cutting goal for each state , based on its energy mix and ability to achieve reductions . States will have a year to submit plans for achieving the goals , and another 4 years to begin hitting interim targets .
Opponents have promised an epic fight and are summoning both mind-numbing technical arguments and lofty appeals to the Constitution . “ The breadth of this rule is mind-boggling—it is a roving mandate to do good that the agency has taken upon itself , ” says attorney Scott Segal of Bracewell & Giuliani , a law and lobbying firm in Washington , D.C. , who is advising big energy producers and users on what they argue are EPA 's many vulnerabilities . “ Once you take on something that broad , ” they argue , “ you also expand all the legal infirmities . ''
EPA 's defenders argue the plan is sound , and a full-court press is simply to be expected against rules that would curb the source of one-third of the nation 's greenhouse gas emissions . “ There are going to be winners and losers , ” predicts Richard Revesz , director of the Institute for Policy Integrity at New York University School of Law in New York City , which filed court briefs in defense of EPA . `` Obviously , it 's not good for the coal industry . It 's not surprising that to protect their market share they 're going to invest a lot of money '' trying to block the rule .
Still , even President Obama predicted that “ this will be tough ” during their 20 May commencement address at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy . But they stressed that the United States has to “ move ahead with standards to cut the amount of carbon pollution . ”
Just how tough ? Here are seven arguments and tactics opponents are expected to use to try to bring down the clean power rule .
1 . Back to court to show immediate harm
As soon as EPA does publish its final rules , the race will be on to block them before they take effect . The plaintiffs that lost today 's case—including 14 states—have said they will go back to court , likely with more allies . A lot will depend on the federal judges , drawn at random , who hear the case . ( Seven of the 11 judges on the D.C. circuit were appointed by presidents Obama or Clinton . ) Two of the judges who issued yesterday 's opinion , for example , ruled in 2011 to block another big EPA clean air regulation—the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule to cut power plant ozone and fine particulate emissions that blow across state borders . But EPA ultimately won that fight in a 6 to 2 ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court .
That high court decision bodes well for EPA in the long run , but it 's a victory that took nearly 3 years . Similar delays on the Clean Power Plan would rob Obama of their chance to put their stamp on a climate action legacy . And it could have international implications , because the United States faces important climate negotiations in Paris in December , which will be harder if their domestic plan is in legal limbo . And it would make it far easier for President Obama 's successor to withdraw the plan entirely .
To win a stay of the clean power rule , energy companies or states will have to show both that they face “ immediate , irreparable harm , ” and have a good chance of winning the case on its merits . Because no emissions cuts would be required until 2020 , it may be hard to show an `` immediate '' threat ; states and power companies will argue the industry has to plan capital investments well in advance .
2 . Pick apart the language of the law
Challengers see an opening because of the messy way Congress wrote and revised the Clean Air Act . When first passed in 1970 , Congress created Section 111 giving the government authority to regulate pollutants not already specifically addressed in other sections of the law . ( The idea was to give flexibility to address newly emerging problems . ) But when the law was amended in 1990 , the language was changed so that it could be interpreted to cover only facilities ( a “ source category , ” the law now says ) that are n't addressed in another provision , Section 112 . Adding more confusion : the House of Representatives and Senate had passed different versions of the bill that were never formally reconciled .
Now , in an argument only a Washington lawyer could love , challengers to the clean power rule will argue that EPA ca n't regulate power plants using Section 111 , which is a major foundation of the new rule , because they already are regulated under Section 112 .
In its brief for the case settled yesterday , EPA described the text of the law as “ a grammatical mess ” and “ convoluted. ” But it wrote that if the challengers are right , then then “ EPA would have to pick one set of health and environmental issues to address , while ignoring another . ”
Revesz , for one , calls this argument “ literally preposterous , ” while David Doniger , director of the Natural Resources Defense Council 's climate program , dismisses it as “ a dishonest fiction. ” Power plants are , in fact , regulated under several sections of the Clean Air Act , other observers note . And courts have a long tradition of giving deference to federal agency interpretations of the laws for which they are responsible , making this attack likely to be a long shot .
3 . Argue the Constitution is at stake
One of the nation 's leading constitutional scholars contends that the Clean Power Plan would usurp the role of the states in violation of the 10th Amendment . The argument is all the more bitter for EPA supporters because its proponent is Harvard Law School Professor Laurence Tribe : a liberal hero for their court victories against big tobacco and other businesses accused of wrongdoing , the man who represented Al Gore in their ill-fated Florida recount battle , and a personal mentor to Obama when they were a student at Harvard . “ Burning the Constitution should not become part of our national energy policy , ” Tribe said in congressional testimony in March .
It 's not the first time Tribe has shown skepticism of EPA 's powers ; they argued on behalf of General Electric that the agency 's Superfund toxic waste cleanup law was unconstitutional . Notably , Tribe lost that case in 2010 . This time , Tribe 's client is the world 's largest coal company , Peabody Energy . But environmental law experts , including some of Tribe 's own Harvard colleagues , believe that they will fare no better .
That 's because federal environmental programs have long been based on EPA setting standards and the states implementing them— “ cooperative federalism , ” as EPA 's supporters call it . Some of Tribe 's arguments “ if taken seriously , would lead to a dismantling of the New Deal ” programs established by President Franklin Roosevelt , Revesz says . But in Washington , even a losing constitutional argument can still win points . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R–KY ) invoked Tribe 's arguments in March when they made an extraordinary call for states simply to refuse to submit plans to implement the Clean Power Plan .
4 . Just say no
So far , Oklahoma is the only state to take up McConnell 's call for inaction . On 28 April , Governor Mary Fallin ( R ) signed an executive order barring state environmental officials from working on any state plans to implement the new rules . And they directed Oklahoma 's attorney general to undertake their own legal analysis of the rules immediately after they are finalized . But EPA will step in if a state does n't write its own plan and take over implementation of the new rule . The potential for such bigfooting and loss of control may be enough to dissuade other states from just saying no .
5 . Warn that the lights will go out
EPA critics argue that the plan will force big , steady-running coal power plants that generate “ baseload ” electricity to close or scale back , making the power supply less reliable . That view is backed in a report by the North American Electric Reliability Corp. ( NERC ) , an industry-funded nonprofit to which Congress has delegated responsibility for ensuring the reliability of the electric delivery system . But a competing analysis commissioned by renewable energy , smart grid , and energy technology companies said that NERC had failed to take into account clean power measures that actually could make the system more reliable . And other NERC critics say its past predictions of electricity reliability troubles due to environmental regulations have proven to be “ overblown . ”
“ Such warnings are common whenever there is major change in the industry , ” wrote energy policy expert Susan Tierney on the World Resources Institute 's blog on 14 May . “ [ T ] he reliability concerns currently being raised … presume inflexible implementation , are based on worst-case scenarios , and assume that policymakers , regulators and market participants will stand on the sidelines until it is too late to act. ” In 40 years of Clean Air Act regulation , they noted , regulators have never been flatfooted enough to allow environmental rules to dim the nation 's lights .
Still , the reliability issue has resonance on Capitol Hill , where few politicians are steeped in the nitty-gritty of electric systems issues and no one wants to be responsible for power outages . It 's no surprise that the key bill introduced in Congress to stop EPA is called the “ Affordable Reliable Energy Now Act. ” It would put EPA 's Clean Power Plan on hold until the legal issues are resolved , and give states an opt-out if their governor determines it would “ negatively impact ” either economic growth or electric reliability . It will not be easy , however , for the current bill to garner the 67 votes needed to override a presidential veto—which would be all but certain if it actually made it to the president 's desk . Narrower legislation that would give states greater flexibility in implementing the rule , however , could draw wider bipartisan support .
6 . Save the manatees
In an unusually creative strategy , rule opponents are trying to enlist another federal agency—the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service ( FWS ) —in slowing down greenhouse gas regulation , arguing fossil fuel cuts could hurt an endangered marine mammal , the Florida manatee . About 60 % of Florida 's manatees rely on warm-water refuges created by outflows from 10 coal and nuclear power plants . Representative Rob Bishop ( R–UT ) , chair of the House Natural Resources Committee , earlier this spring floated the idea that EPA should be required to engage in formal consultations with FWS over the impact of the power plant regulations , which could force some of these coal plants to close .
7 . Flexibility jujitsu
As in the martial art of jujitsu , Clean Power Plan opponents will try to turn a touted strength into a weakness .
EPA 's supporters argue the plan is innovative because it gives states the power to look for needed greenhouse gas cuts anywhere—even “ beyond the fence line ” of any particular fossil fuel power plant . States could start conservation programs , for instance , or even work out pollution trades with other states that have an easier time meeting their goals . Such flexibility means states wo n't necessarily have to move quickly to close power plants .
But the plan 's opponents argue that EPA does n't have the authority to go beyond the fence line—that the agency has authority only to spell out standards for the polluting power plants themselves . At issue is a phrase in the law that says EPA can set rules to encourage “ the best system of emission reduction. ” The agency argues a “ system ” includes a full range of options , including energy conservation or replacing fossil fuels with renewable sources .
Opponents disagree . “ EPA is trying to change the statute , ” says Jeff Holmstead , an energy industry lawyer at Bracewell & Giuliani . “ But what the statute has meant , and the way EPA has interpreted it for 40 years is as the best system for controlling emissions from an individual power plant . ”
This argument is especially galling to EPA 's supporters , because under President George W. Bush 's administration , when Holmstead themselves was an EPA official in charge of air pollution programs , the agency tried to regulate mercury pollution using a similarly flexible system of pollution allowance trading . The Supreme Court struck down the mercury program for other reasons , and Holmstead argues it was far more limited than what EPA is now trying to do . “ We knew that our approach … might be pushing up against the boundary of our legal authority , ” they say . But the new rule “ really raises legal issues that have never been raised before . ”
EPA acknowledges it is trying to do something different . But Doniger , who like Holmstead has both been an EPA official and an outside opponent , believes EPA is on firm legal ground .
We are still in the early days for smart home devices . While products like the Nest thermostat have attracted some consumer interest , the concept still has n't broken into the mainstream . To help this process along , Google-owned Nest , Samsung , and others are creating a new wireless IP protocol called `` Thread '' to help connect various smart devices together . Other Thread backers include Yale Security , Silicon Labs , Freescale Semiconductor , Big Ass Fans , and ARM .
Current smart home devices use Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , or other standards to communicate with other devices , but the Thread Group believes these standards are insufficient . Bluetooth in particular is called out for its current `` inability to carry IPv6 communications '' ( though Bluetooth 4.1 lays the groundwork to support IPv6 ) , and the group criticizes both standards for their high power consumption and their `` hub-and-spoke '' models in which multiple devices rely on one centralized device to communicate with one another .
By contrast , Thread is designed to be a `` mesh '' network that does n't rely on a single router , and its power consumption is apparently low enough that devices can last `` for years using even a single AA battery . '' The group claims that up to 250 devices can be connected together in a single Thread network . Products that use other 802.15.4-based protocols like ZigBee or MiWi can apparently be upgraded to support Thread via a software update .
The biggest challenge to the Thread standard is that technology like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are both entrenched and universal . Most laptops , phones , tablets , and connected accessories already support one or both , and those standards could evolve to do most of what Thread does before it can gain a foothold in the majority of homes . Competition from other warring 802.15.4 protocols and things like Qualcomm and Microsoft 's `` AllSeen Alliance '' will also affect adoption . The backing of big names like Google , Samsung , and ARM may help Thread , but a big name is n't always enough to establish a new industry-wide standard .
Members of the Thread Group will be given access to the standard later this year , and device certification will begin in 2015 . For more information about Thread , you can check the Thread Group 's site .
An early-voting poll site in Minnesota .
Though Donald Trump told a national TV audience at the end of Monday 's debate that they would “ absolutely support ” Hillary Clinton if they win the election , at a Friday-night rally in Detroit , they were back to their scaremongering ways and making unsubstantiated claims of voter fraud to their supporters . The Los Angeles Times reports that Trump once again deputized their supporters to become poll watchers , telling the crowd , “ Make sure it 's on the up and up , because , you know what ? [ Voter fraud is ] a big , big problem in this country , and nobody wants to talk about it ; nobody has the guts to talk about it. ” Nobody except Trump , of course , as their comments on Friday echo the irresponsible rhetoric they have often used in the past when implying to their supporters that the only way they can lose the election is if it is somehow “ rigged ” against him . The Times also notes that civil-rights groups consider Trump 's poll-watching incitement to be an attempt to empower white voters to disenfranchise minority ones .
Trump also reneged on their debate statement in a Friday New York Times piece , saying instead that “ We 're going to have to see . We 're going to see what happens . We 're going to have to see . ”
Widespread U.S. voter fraud is a myth , according to all available evidence , but a new poll from the Associated Press/NORC Center of Public Affairs Research has nonetheless found that half of Trump supporters have little to no confidence in the integrity of the vote count , and some even admit that they are just taking Trump 's word on the matter . Overall , only a third of Republicans ( and 29 percent of Trump supporters ) say they have a great deal or quite a bit of confidence in the vote , though the poll found that 7 in 10 Americans have anywhere from moderate to significant confidence in the votes being counted correctly , while 59 percent of Clinton supporters are quite confident to very confident . Regardless , 8 in 10 Americans favor requiring voters to present photo IDs at polling sites , a practice which many Democrats worry would disenfranchise poor and minority voters .
One area of agreement , according to the poll , is that a majority of Americans are worried about hackers interfering with the election . Some 41 percent of poll respondents say they are extremely or very concerned about hacking attempts , while another 35 percent say they are somewhat concerned . These worries are a lot more founded than the voter-fraud ones , since the AP also reports that a Homeland Security Department official told them that hackers have already targeted voter-registration systems in more than 20 states .
CBC News has learned Vancouver Police officers involved in the mysterious death of Myles Gray are refusing to cooperate with the civilian body probing the case — derailing the use of force investigation that has dragged on for 19 months , and calling into question the powers of the Independent Investigations Office ( IIO ) .
The union representing Vancouver police officers says its members have `` lost confidence 100 per cent '' in the IIO . The civilian body has shot back the union is deliberately misrepresenting the facts .
'We are pleading ... tell the truth to the IIO '
Gray was a 33-year-old Sechelt business person who died in a violent struggle with Vancouver police during a trip to the Lower Mainland in August 2015 .
Their mother says their family is caught in the middle of the battle between the officers , represented by the Vancouver Police Union , and the IIO .
Margie Gray says she 's heard the officers involved in the fatal takedown of their son have `` lawyered-up '' and are refusing to talk .
She 's calling on the police officers to break the legal impasse and speak with IIO investigators .
`` We are pleading with them to come up , step up , tell the truth to the IIO , '' said Margie Gray , adding she 's `` frustrated '' and `` infuriated '' by the revelations .
Mark and Margie Gray are anxiously waiting for the investigation to be done into their son 's death and say they are pleading with the police to `` step up and tell the truth '' to the IIO . ( CBC )
But while the Vancouver Police Union says it has `` a lot of empathy '' for the family and maintains it `` still supports the concept of independent civilian oversight , '' it remains unapologetic for what it says is the protection of its members .
`` Have those officers sought legal advice and gotten legal advice ? `` Absolutely , '' said Tom Stamatakis , union president and head of the B.C . Police Association . `` They 're entitled to get that advice , to be informed of the jeopardy , to be presumed innocent until there 's a finding they 've done something wrong , to have the opportunity to mount a defence to whatever is being alleged . ''
`` We 're in an environment where police officers are choosing not to provide a statement because they 're exercising their right not to , '' added Stamatakis . `` It does n't mean the IIO investigation has to stop . ''
Bert Phipps , interim civilian director of the IIO , says they do n't want to get into a public fight with the Vancouver Police Union . ( IIO )
But there 's little doubt the probe of Gray 's death has been stalled by the legal battle .
In an extraordinary interview with CBC News during an active investigation , the IIO admits it 's facing `` legal challenges that are outside of our control '' in the Myles Gray investigation .
Interim chief civilian director Bert Phipps says `` we really do n't want to be in a situation where we 're debating publicly with the Vancouver Police Union , '' but the IIO makes it clear it wants to correct what it sees as `` inaccuracies '' .
`` I think there 's some disingenuous representation of the facts , '' said John Larkin , IIO 's chief of investigations .
The IIO points out the B.C . Police Act is clear .
`` An officer must cooperate fully with the chief civilian director … and an IIO investigator . ''
The civilian body was created by the province to put an end to police investigating police , and to probe all `` officer-related incidents of death … in order to determine whether or not an officer may have committed an offence . ''
Its former boss , Richard Rosenthal , openly complained about what they called `` union interference '' in some cases , before stepping down last September .
The investigation into Myles Gray 's death was already a year old at that time .
Final moments
Gray was a greenery supplier from Sechelt .
On the afternoon of August 13 , 2015 they walked away from their truck after making a delivery to florist wholesalers near Marine Way on the southeast Vancouver-Burnaby border .
Gray crossed into Vancouver and got into an argument with a woman watering their garden during drought restrictions . Vancouver police were called and an altercation ensued .
VPD officers chased Gray back across a Boundary Road overpass , leading to a violent struggle in the backyard of a Burnaby home .
Gray was pronounced dead a short time later—and Vancouver Police said two officers were taken to hospital with serious injuries .
But more than a year and a half after the IIO began its investigation , no information has been released — not even the cause of Gray 's death or whether toxicology tests revealed the presence or absence of drugs in their system .
Tom Stamatakis , president of the Vancouver Police Union and the B.C . Police Association says there has to be agreement about how IIO interviews police officers because of the fear that they could incriminate themselves during an investigation . ( Mike Zimmer/CBC )
The Vancouver Police Union says many officers were interviewed by IIO investigators the day Gray died but takes issue with what it says were requests for interviews with officers `` over a year later '' .
Stamatakis says those officers were being told they could n't review their notes or refresh their memories by listening to their archived radio transmissions , and this put their members in `` legal jeopardy . ''
`` If you set-up police officers in a situation where ( the IIO says ) 'you just tell us what happened two years ago from your memory'… and later on when it turns out you 're not accurate … then ( they 're ) going to criticize you and potentially accuse you of committing criminal misconduct , would you go into that situation ? ''
Adds Stamatakis , `` that 's the impasse that we 're in right now . ''
'Not expected to incriminate themselves '
But both the interim head of the IIO and the body 's senior investigator say that 's not true . Officers are allowed to review their notes prior to an IIO interview — and they 're not expected to incriminate themselves .
`` If you 're a subject officer ( potentially facing charges ) , they get a caution warning that tells them you do n't have to say anything to us . It 's the right of silence . ''
But they say witness officers ( those who witnessed a potential crime ) do n't have that right .
`` There is the law…which ( compels ) those officers to comply with the requirements of the IIO investigation . ''
'We 're not confident in the IIO '
The Vancouver Police Union says there 's a bigger issue — its members no longer trust the IIO , because the civilian investigators `` refer to these investigations as murder investigations or homicide investigations . ''
`` To me , that implies you 've already formed an opinion about what the outcome is going to be , '' said Stamatakis . `` We 're not confident in the process . We 're not confident in the IIO in terms of their capacity to properly investigate what are pretty complicated , complex , serious incidents where 's there 's lots of jeopardy ( to police officers ) . ''
Douglas King of Pivot Legal Society says the dispute has become `` a battle of wills '' between IIO and the Vancouver Police Union and the B.C . government needs to step in with formal rules to ensure cooperation . ( Dillon Hodgin/CBC )
Doug King of the Pivot Legal Society , who is also a member of the IIO 's external advisory group , is calling on the province to step in and better define the powers of the IIO .
`` The general public is caught in a battle of wills between the IIO and Vancouver Police Union , '' said King . `` The provincial government should step in and fix this right now . ''
All sides agree the battle over the IIO 's power to interview police officers could end up in court—or require new legislation from the B.C . government to clarify the independent body 's powers .
The delays in the Myles Gray investigation were brought up during question period in the B.C . Legislature in early March , with Gray 's parents in the public gallery .
B.C . Attorney General Suzanne Anton seemed to be aware of the problems , but was cautious .
`` Everybody is working very hard to get this investigation done as soon as it can . There are some things , that , anyway I wo n't go into details on it . But certainly everyone is very aware of the issue . ''
'We deserve to hear what happened '
In the meantime , the investigation into Myles Gray 's death is almost 80 weeks old — and counting .
In February 2016 , their parents launched a lawsuit against seven unidentified Vancouver Police officers , the Vancouver Police Department and the City of Vancouver .
The defendants have denied any wrongdoing . None of the allegations have been proven in court .
Margie Gray just wants the Vancouver police officers who were involved in their son 's death , to `` please listen to their good conscience '' and talk to the IIO .
`` We deserve to hear what happened to him , '' they said .
With files from Manjula Dufresne
This weekend , get ready to head to Long Beach ! It 's the second ever Music Tastes Good , this year headlined by Ween and Sleater-Kinney at Marina Green Park , taking place Saturday , September 30 to Sunday , October 1 .
I attended the first edition last fall and had a blast . The stages were spread out enough that there was n't any noticeable soundbleed , and there was a lot of local flavor to the festival , both in its musical and food offerings . We 've got a preview of the event with five things that make it one of Southern California 's most unique music festivals .
Rhye , Built To Spill highlight festival late additions
Amazingly , the Music Tastes Good 2017 lineup has only gotten better since it was first announced . Indie rock legends Built To Spill will play the New Orleans Stage on Saturday at 7:20 PM . After two decades of rocking , they 're still going strong and will make a rare Long Beach appearance . Los Angeles R & B duo Rhye will bring their sultry tunes to the New Orleans Stage on Sunday at 7 PM . I caught them at Coachella 2016 and I nearly melted at the sound of lead singer Milosh 's voice .
Other late additions to the festival include the tUnE-yArDs as well as Diane Coffee and Juana Molina .
Music Tastes Good 2017 is n't just offering a variety of local Long Beach eats , but they 're also bringing around some dope New Orleans flavors to their Taste Tent . It 'll be emceed by local favorite Prime Alchemy 's Paul Buchanan all weekend . Do n't miss out on NOLA chef Melissa Martin from Mosquito Supper Club and their poached Louisiana shrimp on Saturday . The Taste Tent part of MTG 's website is very in-depth and will give you a look at each chef .
Note : The Taste Tent is not included as part of a general-admission pass . GA + Taste Tent tickets run $ 150.00 per day or $ 270.00 for a weekend pass .
The laid-back vibe
I attend a lot of music festivals ( Music Tastes Good will be No . 17 for me this year ) . Music Tastes Good was so laid back last year that I almost forget where I was . There were no raver kids running around full of ecstasy , people seemed to be able to handle their booze , and it was easy to get to the front for pretty much any band I wanted to see . It felt more like a block party than a music festival , and a lineup that lends itself to an older demographic pretty favorably . Also , because it is Long Beach , you 're not getting the pretension that comes with other southern California festivals .
Early start , early end
Not all festivals must go past midnight in order to get bang for your buck . The Music Tastes Good 2017 music starts at noon each day and the festival is complete by 10 PM . That means you get to rock out all day Sunday and still get a good night 's sleep before clocking in at your day job the next day . Sure , it 's nice that festivals like FYF Fest run past midnight , but sometimes you 're just too tired to make it to the finish line and you end up leaving early . At Music Tastes Good , you 'll be able to pack a full weekend in and still get home and get some rest .
The price
With two-day general admission tickets priced at $ 135.00 , single-day tickets priced at $ 75.00 , Music Tastes Good 2017 is pretty damn hard to beat . A lineup of Ween , Sleater-Kinney , Ride , Alvvays , Rhye , Los Lobos , Of Montreal , Built to Spill , and Joyce Manor for that price ? Get your tickets now . Children five and under are free , and ages 6-to-12 are eligible for discounted $ 35.00 tickets when accompanied by a ticket-purchasing adult .
One last pretty dope thing that just arrived in my inbox : Michigan dreampop group Minihorse dropped an EP of covers of songs by bands playing Music Tastes Good this weekend . It 's pretty dope and features songs by Ween , Sleater-Kinney , Alvvays , Ride , Dr. Octagon , and more ! Stream it below :
Most interviews about award-winning director Shane Carruth talk about how they are an introvert and a recluse . So it came as a surprise that they are here for a talk at an event in the city . The talk , as it turns out , has been serendipitous . Carruth had just finished penning a 20-page sequence of their new movie Modern Oceans when they received a `` communication '' about coming down to Mumbai . `` You imagine a city when you are writing about it and then you land there and find that it 's a lot like what you envisioned it to be . It 's amazing how this has happened , '' says the Sundance Grand Jury Prize winner .
Carruth will be in conversation with John Hart  a Tony award-winning producer who has also worked on films such as Boys Do n't Cry and Revolutionary Road  at the day-long Johnny Walker  The Journey . The American director will talk about their films Primer , the sci-fi film , made on a budget of USD 7,000 , that made them an indie film circuit darling and Upstream Color , their much-anticipated second film , which released to much fanfare at Sundance this year . At one point the movie was trending higher than the festival itself .
One of the reasons Upstream Color released with such a buzz is because Carruth emerged after a decade since their 2004 release . The cult success of Primer had every big studio at their doorstep , but nothing quite worked out , and a string of failed projects followed . `` I put too much pressure on myself . At that point , I was doing studio rounds , and everything just kept falling through . Now that I know I do n't have a place in Hollywood , things are so much easier , '' they say .
There is reason why the 41-year-old ca n't work with studios . Their obsession with control on a film set is legendary . They have produced , written , directed , edited , given music and acted in Upstream Color . For Primer , they did even more . The incredible bit is that they are self-taught . `` I spent some time in Dallas where I would go to various camera renting places and ask them a tonne of questions . I must have been so annoying . Then I started experiments of my own , with different lighting environments and angles . ''
... contd .
ALSO READ Screen Awards 2014 : The stage is set
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Images of Iraq 's Al Abid launch vehicle , from a UN report . ( credit : UNMOVIC ) Saddam 's space program
Mike Mutnansky , a host on sports radio station WEEI , was arrested last Monday in Saratoga , N.Y. , and charged with driving while intoxicated .
Mike Mutnansky . —New York State Police
According to a news release from the New York State Police , the 37-year-old Mutnansky was observed by troopers on the evening of Aug. 7 driving a gray Toyota Camry that was failing to stay in its lane on East Avenue .
Troopers conducted a motor vehicle stop and interviewed Mutnansky . The release stated that they “ illustrated signs of impairment '' and admitted to drinking alcohol earlier in the evening .
They were arrested for driving while intoxicated after troopers administered several standard field sobriety tests .
Advertisement
A later test found Mutnansky to have a 0.16 blood alcohol concentration ; the legal limit in New York is 0.08 .
They are scheduled to appear in the City of Saratoga Court on Friday .
“ At the present time , on the advice of counsel , I have no comment , '' Mutnansky wrote in an e-mail to the Globe . “ As the process plays itself out I will address it at the appropriate time . ''
Mutnansky was on the air Monday morning , cohosting the “ Kirk and Callahan Show , '' on which they are a rotating third host . They also host evening programming on WEEI , including the Red Sox pregame show .
WEEI executive Phil Zachary did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
A seemingly innocuous candle that reveals a somewhat morbid surprise inside , this trick could lie dormant for days , weeks or years until someone lights it up and realizes what lies beneath .
PyroPets , no doubt knowing the internet will love it , is starting with a cute cat version available via their Kickstarter campaign which they are using to turn this one-off trinket into a mass-produced piece of offbeat decor . Morbid , maybe , but undeniably cute in their own strange way , even in skeletal form .
From its creators : “ PyroPet is a family of animal shaped candles that each reveal a surprise within as they burn . The first PyroPet product is a cute little cat called “ Kisa ” . ( “ Kisa ” means “ kitty ” in Icelandic ) . Sweet little kittens are transformed in a fire . Crawling from the ashes come forth grinning metallic devils with sharp claws and fire blazing in their eyes . ”
ST. ALBERT , Alta . -- Syncrude failed in its duty to protect wild birds , a provincial Crown prosecutor said during their opening statement Monday at the oilsands company 's trial over the deaths of hundreds of ducks .
Crown prosecutor Susan McRory said Syncrude did not use sufficient resources to protect migratory birds at the company 's toxic tailings ponds near Fort McMurray , about 450 kilometres northeast of Edmonton .
In April 2008 , hundreds of migrating ducks landed on a tailings pond at Syncrude 's Aurora site near Fort McMurray . The ducks and other waterfowl became covered in oily residue and sank to the bottom of the ponds , which are composed of industrial waste left over from the energy giant 's oilsands operations . Only a handful of the birds that landed on the pond were rescued .
Syncrude has long claimed a snowstorm prevented it from deploying noise cannons to keep the birds off the tailings ponds . Ms. McRory said in their opening statement the snowstorm had no effect on the situation .
They said court will hear evidence that other companies had already put their cannons out at the time of the duck deaths .
At the time , the story generated international media attention and environmentalists claimed the duck debacle highlighted a poor environmental record at Alberta 's oilsands sites . While it was initially estimated that 500 birds had perished in the pond , it was later revealed the number was more than three times higher .
Ms. McRory 's opening statement marked the beginning of a six-week trial . In February 2009 , the federal and provincial governments laid charges against Syncrude under the Alberta Environmental Protection and Enhancement Act and the federal Migratory Birds Convention Act .
Syncrude could face $ 800,000 in fines if convicted .
In their opening statement , Syncrude lawyer Robert White argued the Crown prosecutors should be applying to proceed on either the federal or provincial charge . They said there 's no difference between the two charges .
Mr. White also applied Monday to have a new judge hear the case , but Provincial Court Judge Ken Tjosvold rejected the application . Mr. White said there was a potential conflict since Tjosvold had been a senior manager in Ms. McRory 's department .
Edmonton Journal
azabjek @ thejournal.canwest.com
ANN ARBOR , Mich. -- Jim Harbaugh cut themselves shaving about a month ago , and there 's a pretty good chance you did n't hear about it . This is a positive step toward regaining the sanity that was temporarily suspended around Michigan 's celebrity head coach during their first few years on campus .
Harbaugh 's nasal nick ( `` Protruding nose , '' was how they explained the incident after asking reporters if their shaving mishap was causing them to bleed during a news conference ) was a good test for the oft-floated theory from those on both sides of the maize-and-blue divide that `` If this guy so much as sneezes it 'll make national headlines . ''
Editor 's Picks An illustrated guide to rivalry week Some games , such as Alabama-Auburn , have major playoff implications . Others , such as Ole Miss-Mississippi State , are just about good , old-fashioned hatred . Either way , these are the battles this weekend that make college football great .
Dream and disaster playoff scenarios for each Power 5 league The CFP committee should have an easy task Tuesday ( 7 p.m . ET on ESPN and the ESPN App ) , but what if Alabama does n't play for the SEC title ? Or a three-loss Ohio State wins the Big Ten ? Some scenarios are great for each league . Others could be disastrous . 1 Related
If the possibility of something so minor actually creating a media stir seems snort-worthy to you , please remember that this is a man who just last year inspired Zapruder-style YouTube videos and actual news reports questioning whether or not they picked their nose on the Wolverines ' sideline . That public discourse reached such a level of absurdity that both Harbaugh and their famous brother , John , who coaches the Baltimore Ravens , felt compelled to publicly address their booger disposal habits .
The shaving story spawned a few chuckles and a couple of tweets and then the conversation quickly returned to football . Harbaugh-mania , it appears , has subsided to a healthier place .
There is more than anecdotal evidence that Harbaugh demand has dropped . Google Trends tracks the frequency that its engine is asked to search for particular terms over time and charts them on a scale of 0 to 100 . A 100 is the busiest time for that topic and a score of 1 , for example , would mean that search requests at that time were 1 percent of the peak .
The peak for `` Jim Harbaugh '' searches -- their 100 mark -- in the past three years came in January 2015 , the week after Michigan introduced them as its new head coach . Their first round of satellite camps that June registered as a 50 and the controversial loss to Ohio State in November 2016 garnered an 84 . In 2017 , the search rating has n't reached higher than a 30 , and rarely has it climbed into double digits .
`` I was n't doing anything to get on the radar then , and I 'm not doing anything now to stay off the radar , '' Harbaugh said this week . `` Just coaching the football team . That 's always been my goal . ''
Jim Harbaugh answers questions following a loss at Wisconsin last Saturday . The Wolverines enter this week 's game with Ohio State fourth in the Big Ten East . Jeff Hanisch/USA TODAY Sports
So why then has America 's interest in minutiae like Harbaugh 's shaving habits waned ? Occam 's razor would suggest that it 's a result of middling results on the field . The coach of an 8-3 team that will finish their third year without a championship and a scant supply of rivalry victories is n't incredibly interesting no matter how they carry himself . Some of you have almost certainly already yelled some version of this at your computer or phone screen .
The simplest answer contains plenty of truth . It also has been three years , and newer objects of obsession -- Lane Kiffin , whatever is happening in Tennessee at the moment , the fight over Chip Kelly , etc . -- have emerged to entertain the college football-watching universe this fall . However , there is still something to learn from watching Harbaugh and their ability to adjust as the spotlight gets a little less bright .
On a recent episode of the family 's weekly podcast , Jack Harbaugh , their dad , said they were proud of their son 's restraint on the sidelines this season . Through 11 games , they have not yet been flagged for crossing onto the field of play or discussing a referee 's decision with too much enthusiasm . They have yet to break what some , as Jack Harbaugh notes , around college football are calling `` the Jim Harbaugh rule '' that was instituted this past offseason . The older Harbaugh said their brief exchange on the podcast is the only time they 've actually talked about Jim 's sideline demeanor , but they have witnessed some change .
`` He became a story , '' the elder Harbaugh said . `` I never sat down and talked with them about it , we never had a discussion about it , but I think in other discussions that we 've had I think they believe wholeheartedly that the game is about the players . In those 60 minutes we focus on the players and as little attention as possible should go to the coaches and other objects of focus should be secondary . ''
Does any of that spill into their thinking on non-game days ? Their father does n't think outside perception enters Jim 's decision-making process . Those in Harbaugh 's inner circle know that trying to pull them into a strategy session to revamp their public persona would be foolish and quickly nixed . Their actions and reactions are genuine , not calculated and that has worked pretty well for them to date .
However , it 's not a stretch to imagine that a man who regularly examines every facet of their football program in search of a competitive advantage has in some small ways considered how their own reputation impacts the bottom line of wins and losses .
The most consistent thing Harbaugh has done during their three years as Michigan 's head coach is evolve . The way they recruit , the spring practice trips , the national signing day extravaganzas , the way they express their social views -- he 's pushed boundaries on all of these things , evaluated the results and then tweaked them ( usually for the better ) for the next time around . In that way , they are not a stubborn man .
Will that same trend apply to the way they manage the grand stage of one of college football 's most-watched football programs ? Does it need to ? Do they actually have any way to control any of it ? One way or another , it 's a safe bet that Harbaugh has n't had their last lightning-rod , viral moment as the Wolverines coach . In the offseason ahead , though , it will be interesting to watch whether he 's interesting or not .
$ 100,000 Dota 2 tournament in Bangkok sponsored by beer and airlines industry
The Dota2 Battle Arena is an international LAN that will be hosted in Bangkok , Thailand at the end of the year with a $ 100,000 prize pool . The tournament is sponsored by Singha Corp and will most likely work with Thai Airways as well .
The Dota2 Battle Arena is an international LAN to be hosted in Bangkok , Thailand at the end of this year . Currently , it is scheduled for the 13th to 15th of November ; the date is still subject to change .
There will be a total of eight teams taking part in this LAN , two teams from Europe , one team from China , one team from the Americas and four SEA teams ; these eight teams will be battling for the prize pool of $ 100,000 . The qualifiers are expected to take place after TI5 as it would make the most sense given the fact that after every TI there will be major reshuffles .
The tournament organizers have confirmed Singha Corporations , a Thai beer company , as their main sponsor and they are currently working on a deal with airline company Thai Airways . Our source told us that the organizers are in talks with Thai Airways and it is likely the deal will go through . Assuming it all works out well , Thai Airways will be the second airlines to sponsor an esports event after Korean Airlines during the Starcraft Brood Wars days .
Check out this insane player entrance from OSL finals ;
The tournament is the first major tournament to be held in Thailand and also the third major tournament to be hosted in South East Asia this year . Head organizer Piyatat 'Toy ' Bunnag , also the former manager of MiTH.Trust told us , `` I am hoping that this tournament would set the precedent to all other tournaments organizers in SEA to step up their game . We are currently lacking compared to the rest of the world in South East Asia and we would have a lot to catch up . ''
GosuGamers is the official media coverage partner of Dota 2 Battle Arena .
More content on GosuGamers
Sidewalks are great places to play , are n't they ? If you want to ride your bike , a smooth sidewalk is much better than a busy street or a bumpy lawn . If you prefer to play jacks or hopscotch , where do you go ? The sidewalk , of course !
Most sidewalks are made of concrete . Concrete is not a natural element , like aluminum or iron . Instead , concrete is a human-made building material .
Concrete is made by combining crushed rock and sand with water and cement . Although some people think cement is the same thing as concrete , it 's not .
Cement is a general name for a special type of material that binds other materials together . In other words , cement is like another name for glue . There are many different types of cements that can be used to make many different types of concrete .
When cement is mixed with water and crushed rock and sand , a chemical process called hydration causes it to bond together and harden to form concrete . Solidified concrete is like stone , and it 's used more than any other human-made building material in the world .
One of the uses of concrete is to make sidewalks . Unfortunately , when concrete dries , it shrinks a little bit . If you 're using concrete to make a sidewalk , the shrinking concrete will cause cracks to appear as it dries .
To prevent sidewalks from cracking in random spots and breaking apart , builders make lines in sidewalks . Of course , they do n't just call them lines . The technical term for sidewalk lines is contraction joints .
Contraction joints are placed in fresh concrete before the concrete dries and has a chance to create its own joints , which we call cracks . As the concrete dries and shrinks , any cracks that form should follow the path of the contraction joints , since that 's where the concrete is thinnest .
If the cracks follow the contraction joints , the sidewalks wo n't look as bad . They also wo n't tend to form further cracks and break apart like they might if allowed to crack at random places .
Builders place contraction joints in fresh concrete with saws , special grooving tools or plastic strips called zip-strips . They have to make sure that the joints are deep enough and made before the concrete begins to dry , so that cracks wo n't appear in the wrong places .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Welsh Minister scored a second stunning victory over the UK Government in the highest court in the land after the Supreme Court said it DID have the power to set wages for farmworkers in Wales – after the same board was abolished in England .
The UK Attorney General Dominic Grieve prompted a costly legal battle after voicing concerns over whether the Agricultural Wages ( Wales ) Bill breached the Assembly 's powers as it referred to employment law , which falls under the powers of Westminster .
The Welsh Government 's most senior lawyer , Counsel General Theodore Huckle , argued the Bill fell under agriculture , which is a devolved issue .
Mr Antoniw , the AM for Pontypridd , who has led the campaign to retain the Agricultural Wages Board :
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But five Supreme Court justices decided unanimously that it did n't breach the Assembly 's competence , so the Bill will now become law and allow the Welsh Government to set minimum wages and benefits for agriculture workers .
First Minister Carwyn Jones welcomed the judgement – but slammed Wales ' vague devolution settlement as destabilising and urged a decision to move to a clearer , Scottish-style model of devolution .
Mr Jones said : “ This is a significant judgment of the Supreme Court which goes some way to clarifying the complexities of the current devolution settlement .
“ It is the second unanimous judgment in our favour , and a clear vindication of the way our relatively new Welsh law-making powers are being interpreted by the Welsh Government .
“ In practice , it means that the lowest paid agricultural workers in Wales will now have a degree of protection that they would not otherwise have had , following the UK Government 's unilateral decision to abolish the Agricultural Wages Board for England and Wales .
“ But we can not continue to have Bill after Bill passed by our democratically-elected Assembly , then referred to the Supreme Court , with all the time , cost and uncertainty that involves . ”
Read : 15 ways the National Assembly has made a difference - for better or worse
Secretary of State for Wales David Jones said the government was `` grateful to the Supreme Court for providing clarity on this issue '' .
“ In its judgement , the court has favoured a broader interpretation of the provisions in the Government of Wales Act that govern the Assembly 's competence , '' they said .
“ We now need to study the judgement in detail and consider its implications .
`` The government is committed to working with the Welsh Government for the benefit of Wales and will continue to make every effort to ensure that the legislative arrangements for Welsh devolution work effectively . ''
The defeat represents another embarrassing defeat for the UK Government and the Attorney General in the court , after the first Bill ever passed by the National Assembly – regarding changes local government byelaws – was also referred by the UK Government to the court and also led to the court unanimously deciding that also did n't breach the Assembly 's powers .
That court battle came at a cost of tens of thousands of pounds in legal fees for the taxpayer .
Under the devolution settlement , laws can be referred to the Supreme Court to adjudicate if there is a doubt over whether it falls under the devolved legislature 's powers .
The decision represents a remarkable , if bittersweet , victory for sacked Natural Resources and Food Minister Alun Davies , who introduced the Bill to the Senedd .
Mick Antoniw , who has led the campaign to retain the Agricultural Wages Board ( AWB ) : “ Almost 14 , 000 Welsh agricultural workers will benefit from this decision .
“ Abolishing the AWB would have increased rural poverty , with wages slashed as a result of statutory protection being removed . This would have been especially true for agricultural workers who work alone or in small teams in isolated areas whose ability to negotiate is limited . ”
“ Setting a fair rate of pay is critical , but the benefits of this decision will be felt even more widely . For example , allowances , holiday and sick pay , training , rest breaks are all set by the AWB . Welsh agricultural workers will continue to enjoy the same sort of rights on these issues that most of us take for granted . ”
Mr Antoniw , the AM for Pontypridd , also attacked the decision by the UK Government to refer the Bill .
They said : “ The Tory/Lib Dem government tried to avoid consultation on this issue and refused to enter into meaningful discussions with the Welsh Government .
“ Despite the Scottish and Northern Irish Parliaments retention of their Agricultural Wages Boards and the House of Lords Grand Committee 's rejection of the abolition proposals , they decided to press ahead with this vindictive action . ”
Welsh Conservative Shadow Rural Affairs Minister , Russell George , said : “ This legislation was rushed through by Labour –using an emergency procedure that prevented engagement and avoided scrutiny .
“ The inevitable result was sloppy law-making , doubts over competence , and months of uncertainty for Welsh farmers .
“ We welcome today 's Supreme Court decision – which brings that doubt and worry to an end .
Welsh Tory North Wales Assembly Member , Antoinette Sandbach , said : “ Welsh Conservatives continue to believe that the Agricultural Wages Board is all about jobs for the boys on another quango .
“ It is out-dated , complicated , and scrapping it puts farmers on an equal footing with other Welsh employers . ”
Plaid Cymru spokesperson for sustainable communities , energy and food , Llyr Gruffydd , said the Supreme Court process was a waste of money .
They said : “ The current devolution dispensation is not fit for purpose and is far beyond its use by date . The case for moving to a reserved powers model has been made and has been accepted by all parties in the Assembly , and adopting this model would avoid these unnecessary delays .
“ Plaid Cymru has always welcomed the establishment of a Welsh Agricultural Wages Board . More than 14,000 agricultural workers could be affected by this decision . I want to see a new board with a much broader remit so that it can play a role in driving forward skills and training , and promoting careers in the agriculture industry . ''
Eluned Parrott , Welsh Liberal Democrat spokesperson on constitutional affairs , said the `` legal mess '' highlighted the inadequacies of the devolution settlement .
They said : “ We must move away from the deeply flawed model of devolution that we currently have , established by Labour , towards something closer to the current Scottish model .
`` Essentially , rather than Westminster informing Wales what it can legislate on , we should instead have a system where it is made clear what Wales ca n't legislate on . That system has worked smoothly in Scotland since 1999 with no legal challenges at all to Scottish legislation . ''
“ The previous Minister 's decision to classify this legislation as an ‘ emergency bill ' , therefore skipping out the scrutiny process , was an absolute disgrace that reeked of arrogance and bad governance . Following the lack of scrutiny , it was not surprising that this bill ended up in the Supreme Court . ''
Wales TUC General Secretary Martin Mansfield said : `` Today 's decision will be welcomed by thousands of agricultural workers across Wales , who collectively stand to lose around £1m per year in falling pay without the agreements secured via the Agricultural Wages Board .
`` Many in the sector work long hours in tough jobs that attract around just 75 % of the average wage . The Low Pay Commission also found that semi skilled trades people faced a particularly sharp fall in wages as a result of the abolition .
`` It is totally unacceptable that this court hearing was instigated by the UK Government and the Welsh Government has been vindicated in its efforts to restore fairness to the industry in Wales .
`` The equivalent boards across Scotland and Northern Ireland have continued their work while farmworkers in Wales have been left fearing the worst for their livelihoods as UK ministers were yet again determined to undermine devolution in Wales . ''
No . 4 Stanford soccer team poised to contend for national title
Boasting possibly the best player in the country , the Stanford Cardinal have n't lost since the season opener and hope to win a national championship .
But this is n't football . It 's Stanford 's No . 4-ranked men 's soccer team , one of the most relentless in the country .
The Cardinal ( 13-1-2 , 6-0-2 Pac-12 ) clinched at least a share of their second straight league title by beating Oregon State 2-0 Friday night . They could set a school record for league victories if they win at Washington on Monday night .
Are they potentially national champions ? “ Most definitely we 're good enough , ” fourth-year head coach Jeremy Gunn said . “ We 've seen teams with less ability and less talent get to that stage . But , of course , there 's so much to go with that .
“ In other sports , if you execute , that usually translates to points . In soccer , you can execute in every category but goal-scoring sometimes and you lose . ”
They liken games to boxing matches . They thought Stanford was ahead of Washington , 7 rounds to 3 , last month . The Huskies , thanks mainly to red-hot goalkeeper Ryan Herman , played the Cardinal to a scoreless tie . Gunn thought UCLA had a 6-4 rounds advantage over their team in a recent 2-2 tie .
Stanford 's Jordan Morris ( right ) has a team-best eight goals and two assists though they missed four games this season . Stanford 's Jordan Morris ( right ) has a team-best eight goals and two assists though they missed four games this season . Photo : David Bernal Photo : David Bernal Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close No . 4 Stanford soccer team poised to contend for national title 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Those have been the only hiccups on the Stanford record since an opening 1-0 loss at UC Santa Barbara . The Cardinal are trying to erase the memory of a 1-0 loss to UC Irvine in the second round of last year 's NCAA tournament . They went into that game ranked No . 1 in the country .
“ That was huge motivation for us in the offseason , ” All-America defender Brandon Vincent said . “ We want to make sure we make the best run possible this year . ”
Jordan Morris , the Cardinal 's jet-propelled forward and Hermann Trophy candidate , has a team-leading eight goals and two assists even though they missed four games because of commitments to U.S. Soccer .
They might miss the regular-season finale against Cal on Nov. 12 if national-team coach Jurgen Klinsmann calls them up for a match against St. Vincent and the Grenadines and another against Trinidad and Tobago .
There 's plenty of firepower on the team besides Morris . Eight other players have scored goals . Forward Foster Langsdorf has six goals , and Stanford has an exciting first-year student forward in Amir Bashti ( Monta Vista-Cupertino ) . Outside midfielders Eric Verso ( 10 assists ) and Corey Baird ( seven assists ) are the setup men . Gunn calls central midfielders Ty Thompson and Slater Meehan “ the engine room of the team . ”
Vincent , who has converted all four of the team 's penalty kicks , said , “ For the outside backs , we can be a secondary wave of attack . We put more numbers in the attacking third ” of the field .
The Cardinal tend to dominate opponents not only with skill but also with superior fitness . Their motto is to “ work hard and smart , ” according to Gunn , a 44-year-old Englishman who learned the value of hard practices when they played at Cal State Bakersfield under Simon Tobin , now coach at San Jose State .
“ It was 110 degrees and really bad air quality in Bakersfield , ” Gunn said . “ He really taught the ethic of hard work . ”
Gunn served as an assistant coach at their alma mater and later built national contenders at Fort Lewis College ( Division II ) and Charlotte , which reached the NCAA final in 2011 before losing to North Carolina .
They were already on Stanford 's radar before that game . Associate athletic director Earl Koberlein was impressed that Gunn was able to build winning teams without blue-chip athletes .
“ The thing I heard over and over was their teams were so fit , so dedicated , so committed , that you did n't want to play them , ” Koberlein said .
Thompson , whose brother Tommy plays for the Earthquakes , says there 's a method to the practice regimen : “ It 's not just running laps and laps . It 's doing very game-applicable , short , sharp movements . ”
Stanford has not won a men 's national championship in soccer although it reached the final in 1998 under coach Bobby Clark and 2002 under Bret Simon , Gunn 's predecessor .
In a given year , there are n't many high school seniors who have the academic resume to get into Stanford and the ability to “ make a difference ” on the soccer field , Gunn said . In fact , it 's “ probably between five and 10 guys , maybe 20 in the country . ”
On the other hand , they said , “ When people are good enough to be accepted here , it means more often than not you 're going to be getting somebody who 's inherently competitive and wonderfully driven as a person . They have to be . ”
Tom FitzGerald is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . E-mail : tfitzgerald @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ tomgfitzgerald
Image : iStock
An ordinary Silicon Valley startup gets as much investment in its first significant round of venture-capital funding as the whole Romanian or Bulgarian ecosystem in one year .
So , for an Eastern European entrepreneur , becoming successful is a doubly tricky business , with mistakes carrying extra weight .
In the US , just one out of 10 startups makes it . In Bulgaria and Romania , the survival rate is even lower , in part due to the shortage of money .
`` There are startups with reasonable business plans that lack access to funding , so eventually they decide to shut down , '' says Bogdan Iordache , founder and board member of the largest startup conference in south-east Europe , How to Web .
`` There are many founders who try to get finance from abroad , yet with limited success . ''
Failure , though , is not always related to money . Startup ecosystems in Romania and Bulgaria are relatively new . This immaturity often means fewer networking opportunities , a reduced understanding of how things work , and unrealistic hopes .
Tech skills are plentiful within the region , but the scarcity of business expertise is a big problem . Most company founders who fail lack product knowledge , business knowledge , and a grasp of distribution , Iordache says .
A global study conducted by CB Insights shows why founders think their startups went down . Some 42 percent admitted there was no market for their product , 29 percent said they ran out of cash , while 23 percent claimed they did n't have the right team .
Founding a startup is an aspiring career path for local entrepreneurs in Eastern Europe . As a result they are often unrealistic about their products and potential demand . Those who get a few tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars consider themselves lucky , and often believe these relatively small sums validate their dream .
One of the cases that grabbed media attention is that of the Bulgarian business person Ivaylo Kalburdzhiev . They spent three years and $ 50,000 , a large amount of money , considering the scarcity of funding in the region , on developing KOLOS , `` the world 's first racing wheel for full-sized iPads '' .
They came up with the idea after seeing a picture on social-media site 9GAG of a smartphone taped to a circle .
Kalburdzhiev 's product got featured on major technology websites . They went to CES in Las Vegas , and the future looked bright . `` I was naïve enough to believe that we were creating the right product until I got punched in the face , '' they say . `` I , personally , was never really well educated on entrepreneurship . ''
Eventually , a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter that failed abysmally opened their eyes . `` Never take a loan to launch a startup , use someone else 's money , and try to stay away from reinventing the wheel , pun intended , '' are among the lessons they learned from this `` affordable MBA '' , as they called the KOLOS experiment .
Kalburdzhiev is now helping local Bulgarian startups crowdfund with their platform , DayOneFunding .
Romanian-based entrepreneur Andrei Diaconu also prides themselves on the value of a failure . They built drimm.in , a tool to recommend gift ideas based on people 's activity on social media .
`` We knew from the start we missed a few steps , but were so excited about the technology that we thought we could wing it along the way , '' they say .
One of the most valuable lessons they have learnt : `` Everything that can fail will eventually fail , '' they say .
Diaconu launched a new startup , Bunch , aimed at connecting entrepreneurs . If they fail , they want to fail as fast as possible , so they monitor progress honestly and accurately .
`` Missing a few milestones might mean that we 're building the wrong solution for the problem , '' they say .
Entrepreneurs in both Bulgaria and Romania understand they still have a long way to go to catch up with their Silicon Valley peers and need to switch from an engineering approach to a business mindset .
Having the best possible computer algorithm in your product might help , yet even that can become irrelevant if nobody needs the software .
`` Do n't [ just ] code . Ask your client what they want to do with the product , '' How to Web 's Bogdan Iordache says .
Read more about startups
During an interview with Oprah last Spring , producer and rapper Pharrell Williams dubbed themselves `` New Black '' . In their words : `` The New Black does n't blame other races for our issues . The New Black dreams and realizes that it 's not a pigmentation ; it 's a mentality . And it 's either going to work for you , or it 's going to work against you . And you 've got to pick the side you 're gon na be on . '' Pharrell 's remarks floated around ideas about being black— '' our issues , '' our `` pigmentation , '' our pesky way of `` working against '' ourselves . These ideas put the onus of racism on black people . While Pharrell likely believes they were imparting wisdom , rather than being condescending , their words still stunk of the familiar `` pull up your pants '' stench .
When entertainers open their mouths to talk about something other than themselves , there 's always tension . The tension is there when Kanye `` rants '' ; it 's there when Azealia Banks talks about black feminism in one breath , and utters Bill Cosby rape apologia in another ; it 's also there when the exceptional Pharrell veers into Ayn Randian bootstrapping territory . While they may have reached a higher plane of enlightenment via New Black re-invention , for many black people it 's more complicated , and hitting refresh on their blackness does not change anything .
In Jay-Z 's Decoded , a memoir that doubles as a lyric book , Jay-Z seems to rebuke Pharrell 's philosophy , saying :
It 's crazy when people think that just because you have some money and white people start to like you that you transcend race . People try this shit all the time with successful black people , even with someone like me who was plenty black when I was on the corner . It 's like they 're trying to separate you from the pack—make you feel like you 're the good one . It 's the old house nigger-field nigger tactic .
Is Pharrell a house nigger ? Is Pharrell 's identification as `` New Black '' a demarcation , separating themselves from Old Black millions— '' the pack '' as Jay-Z says—who do n't have the luxury of money and fame to act brand new ? The house nigger/field nigger dichotomy , Pharrell 's complexion aside , works because it sounds like Pharrell is happy as hell at other black people 's expense ; happy to be up there with Oprah and others , not toiling the proverbial fields . But Pharrell 's happiness and self-proclaimed new black status seems like more of a positive coping strategy than stepping stone to real enlightenment . As we learned from their `` Blurred Lines '' deposition last year , giving unearned authorial credit to white artists on songs he 's written is status quo ; they are not immune from structural racism and white supremacy . Pharrell 's own definition of new black is n't comprehensive , nor are other people 's definitions , but what seems to be the case is that `` new black '' means rose-tinted shades worn inside one 's heart ; Pharrell 's not unaware of sour problems—he simply chooses to ignore identity politics as it relates to their own ( black ) identity , a sort of reversing of the `` personal is political . ''
Steeped in the principles , not the accoutrements of power and success , new blackness sees itself as a psychic departure from ( old ) blackness with the undersurface argument being that victimhood and survival are two sides of the same coin but one of the sides , victimhood , is embossed with an old white man 's face . New blackness seeks to replace the old white man 's face with the black faces of black entertainers who have magically transcended their blackness through the act of becoming richer than many rich white people . These black entertainers— Oprah Winfrey , Will Smith , Jay-Z and Beyoncé—are limited . Their positions at the top are rooted both in respect and `` respectability politics '' — ( white people like them , black people LOVE THEM ) . There 's a blankness , a neutrality , they have attained that is parcel to their success . They ca n't be stereotyped or thrown into the same turgid categories as other black entertainers ( save for Bey 's Grammy nom ) because their reputations as morally upright and hardworking precedes them before anything else .
It goes without saying , but not every black person is aspirational in the `` new black '' sense . Some black people , like Pharrell , are trying to get there , which is why he 's throwing the term around to begin with . By using the term `` new black '' in an interview with Oprah , Pharrell articulated their desire to elevate himself—through their word and deeds—to the `` talented tenth . '' This elevation is feigned , a mentality more than a reality , but it 's nevertheless an important act of black representation within the black public space .
Oprah 's interviews have always existed as black public spaces for rappers to identify , legitimize and publicize themselves . Writer Gwendolyn D. Pough considers this a negotiation of black public culture within hip-hop :
Bringing the wreck , for Black participants in the public sphere historically has meant reshaping the public gaze in such a way as to be recognized as human beings—as functioning and worthwhile members of society—and not to be shut out of and pushed away from the public sphere .
Like a true vestige of the '90s , Oprah 's platform has functioned like scrambled porn : novels by black authors , interviews with Jay-Z , 50 Cent , Pharrell and more paint a static-y , encrypted image of A New Black America as a possible world ; a world of transcendence and exceptionalism . But this sort of dialogue could n't be had with anyone other than Oprah . With good reason , Pharrell initially told their new black ideas to Oprah , the same way Raven-Symoné did later . This is because Oprah is to the entertainment world what the diamond is to the diamond industry : an ideological tool . But more than an ideological tool—selling brands , lifestyles , products and people—Oprah , as a status symbol , is a trusted depositary .
In Jay-Z 's Decoded , they recount their days at Marcy Homes , a New York City project housing complex . Exploring the relationship between poverty and public displays of affluence , Jay-Z writes :
As kids we did n't complain about being poor ; we talked about how rich we were going to be and made moves to get the lifestyle we aspired to by any means we could . And as soon as we had a little money , we were eager to show it . I remember coming home from doing work out of state with my boys in a caravan of Lexuses that we parked right in the middle of Marcy . I ran up to my mom 's apartment to get something and looked out the window and saw those three new Lexuses gleaming in the sun , and thought , `` man , we doin ' it . '' In retrospect , yeah that was ignorant , but at the time I could just feel that stink and shame of being broke lifting off of me , and it felt beautiful . The sad shit is that you never really shake it all the way off , no matter how much money you get .
Rappers rap about their money for the same reasons cultural critics write about rappers rapping about their money : they are driven to assert themselves . Assertion is what all writers , including rappers , do . The difference between hip-hop and other forms , though , is that hip-hop uniquely exists at the intersection of ambition and insecurity .
Hip-hop assertion , as an authentic and authoritative act , often hinges on braggadocio and blackismo . Most rappers are rapping and speaking from the position of where they 're from and where they started ( from the bottom ) . And even when they reach the pinnacle , their perspectives do n't seem to shift that much . In fact , the brags become more deeply entrenched in their past experiences . This lack of a shift opens up the space for assertion fueled by a noxious mix of insecurity and ambition . This is where most of the `` new black '' discourse permeates .
Status anxiety , as coined by Alain de Botton , is defined as `` an almost universal anxiety ... about what others think of us ; about whether we 're judged a success or a failure , a winner or a loser . '' It 's clear , based on the interactions that have happened between rappers and rapper-adjacent figures in 2014 , that some rappers are experiencing status anxiety now more than ever . This anxiety plays out on black public spaces like hip-hop radio stations and Twitter , as well as outside of those spaces . When Kanye compares themselves to Steve Jobs , Walt Disney and other white men—as if Kanye as Kanye is n't enough—it 's an insecurity that rests on this notion that breaking whatever glass ceiling there is for black men , placing oneself at the top of the game , does n't cut it . It 's understandable , considering the fact that not many rappers are comfortable being # 2 , but except for the Michael Jordan comparison every now and then , Kanye rarely says he 's the [ insert black person ] of said genre . Why ? Because that would be redundant , yes , but also : he 's trying to live up to a standard that says white is right . A standard quite different from Pharrell 's , which leans more on black status .
Black status anxiety looks no different on Kanye than it does on Childish Gambino . In a Breakfast Club interview , Childish Gambino elaborated on their tweets about the `` bigness '' and `` whiteness '' that they want for himself , for their career , saying , `` It was a poem about freedom…I do wan na be big and white . Like , Will Smith is big and white . '' Childish Gambino is almost saying what Pharrell is saying , except he 's not couching it in any kind of mentality . He 's saying what Kanye is saying without making it explicitly about white people , even though it is when whiteness is the default and standard . Charlamagne the God pushes back in the conversation , asking Childish Gambino why they do n't simply say `` human , '' but their opinions are n't too far off when the issue harkens back to emulating and acquiring wealth , success and fame in the white power structure .
The tiny differences between Childish Gambino , Charlamagne , Pharrell and others are just that—tiny . They hinge on outmoded capitalistic ideas that uphold whiteness as aspirational . The blackness-affirming pushback from other artists like Azealia Banks and J. Cole is essential in 2015 ; while the dream of New Blackness—a life where we float free from everyday American racism , wholecloth spiritual re-invention—is a fun dream to entertain , it 's a dream that comes at the expense of Regular Old Blackness .
COLUMBUS , Ohio—Members of a Senate panel got their first look Tuesday at legislation that would impose an almost total ban on red-light cameras in Ohio .
Reps. Ron Maag and Dale Mallory , the Cincinnati-area sponsors of House Bill 69 , said the cameras were meant to help generate revenue , not promote public safety .
`` This situation has already spun far out of control , '' Mallory said .
The legislation would only allow cameras to be used to enforce 20-mile-per-hour speed limits in school zones . In those cases , a local law enforcement officer would have to be present .
The debate over traffic cameras has pitted law-enforcement officials , who say the devices make roads safer , against civil-rights advocates who believe such monitoring is intrusive and only serves as a money-maker for cash-strapped municipalities .
More than a dozen Ohio cities have traffic camera programs , including Cleveland , Akron , East Cleveland , Parma and Parma Heights .
In Cleveland , 34 traffic cameras have been set up during the past six years , generating more than $ 47 million in fines and fees , including $ 6 million in 2012 .
Proponents of traffic cameras said Ohio cities using the devices have seen their streets become safer .
As of 2012 , Columbus saw a 74-percent reduction in right-angle crashes and a 25-percent drop in rear-end crashes at intersections with cameras , for example , while crash rates in Parma Heights have fallen by more than half in areas under surveillance , according to data collected by the nonprofit Traffic Safety Coalition .
The effort to ban traffic cameras in Ohio stems in part from a lawsuit filed against Elmwood Place , a village of 2,000 people surrounded by Cincinnati , which during a two-week span last year collected $ 1.5 million in fines from 20,000 speeders along a single block .
A judge blocked Elmwood Place from using the cameras , then found the village and the company operating the cameras in contempt after the devices were n't taken down . The mayor of Elmwood Place resigned last week .
Puella Magi Madoka Magica the Movie : Rebellion , the final installment of the Madoka Magica film trilogy , will be finally released in Japan this week on Saturday . Just like Gintama : The Movie : The Final Chapter in July and The Anohana Movie in September , the Umeda Burg 7 theater in Osaka-city is now holding a special exhibition for the film in commemoration of the release . The theater is located in the south of JR Osaka Station and known as an anime fan-oriented place . As you can see , the `` museum '' section of the theater is decorated with the Madoka Magica character posters and big wall scrolls .
* all of the photos were taken by the writer Mikikazu Komatsu with the theater 's permission
The theater is now screening Part 1 & Part 2 one more time
Part 3 poster
The museum section of the theater
Giant Madoka wall scroll
Kyoko , Sayaka , Mami , Homura 's wall scrolls on the pillars
The Cubey poster says their two famous lines
Character posters on the wall
Story description poster
Panorama scene display
The monitor playing the trailers
Madoka and Homura illustration tables
Goods display section
Part 1 pamphlet
Part 2 pamphlet
Key chains with a stuffed doll
Familiar clip set
Clear file set
The latest flyer for Part 3
© Magica Quartet/Aniplex , Madoka Movie Project Rebellion
