If legal educators were hoping for a break from the battering they 've been receiving in the trade and mainstream press , the critiques that Judge José A. Cabranes dished out Friday during a lunchtime talk at the Association of American Law Schools ' annual meeting were probably tough to swallow .
Judge Cabranes , who serves on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in New York , has taught law at Rutgers University , served as general counsel of Yale University , and been a trustee at several universities . They were invited to speak by one longtime admirer—Michael A. Olivas , the association 's outgoing president—and introduced to the audience by another , U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor .
So when Judge Cabranes complained that law professors were spending too much time on esoteric research at the expense of core courses , as well as poking their noses into disciplines where they did n't belong , their words stung .
But they also rang true to many in the audience . Although Mr. Olivas did n't agree with all of the judge 's observations , `` his remarks struck home , '' Mr. Olivas said .
Judge Cabranes told the group that too many law-school graduates are entering the profession unprepared to practice law and even unfamiliar with the work that lawyers do .
The average debt upon graduation is more than $ 100,000 , they added : `` For years , figures like these raised eyebrows . They now also raise blood pressures . ''
Next , they took aim at the interdisciplinary programs and dual degrees that have become increasingly popular at law schools . They accused law professors , many of whom have joint appointments with other colleges , of veering toward `` intellectual hegemony . ''
Advertisement
`` Law faculty have tried to extend their reach to all corners of the university in search of problems to solve and victims to help , '' they said . As globalization fever has hit law and other professional programs , professors have reached across national borders and , in the process , lost their focus on core subjects , they said .
After questioning the value of much of the third year of law school , they offered some suggestions . Law schools could offer two years of basic law courses followed by an apprenticeship in the third year . Law firms could hire students at much lower salaries than they currently pay junior associates , and bill them out for lower rates that clients would welcome .
They acknowledged that such a model `` may make sense for students , law firms , and clients , although not necessarily for the profits of law schools . ''
Students , they said , could graduate with a third less debt , start earning money a year earlier , and learn the nuts and bolts of being lawyers sooner .
Critics would likely object that law schools were acting like trade schools , they said , adding that they did n't see anything wrong with a professional school 's teaching job-specific skills . To keep everyone happy , they said , the apprenticeship model would be optional , and students who preferred a traditional three-year program could stay on an extra year .
Judge Cabranes also had an answer for those who say law students already have the opportunity to practice their skills in law-school clinics . They said students sometimes immerse themselves in clinics before they have taken foundational courses , citing the example of a student who worked in a low-income housing clinic before they had taken a course in property law .
While these factors have contributed to a crisis facing law schools today , `` they 've also opened tremendous opportunity , '' they concluded , calling on law schools to return foundational courses to the center of the curriculum and to `` resist intellectual temptations to which many have fallen prey . ''
The paper is edited by Abdel al-Bari Atwan , who is said to be the last journalist to interview Osama bin Laden in 1996 . According to the report , bin Laden is themselves closely following preparations for an attack against the US and aims to `` change the face of world politics and economics '' . The operative is quoted as saying that `` this will be shown by the fact that we now control a major part of the south of Somalia '' .
The ex-operative says they remain in contact with current chiefs of the organisation in Yemen and that only six months ago bin Laden had sent a message to all jihad cells in the Arab world which asked them not to interact with their governments or local political parties and to deny any request for mediation or formal talks .
The source also said that during the next few days the terrorist organisation may send a sign of its violent intentions .
The warning has emerged at the same time as publication of a report leaked to The Telegraph newspaper which reveals that a document drawn up by the intelligence branch of the Ministry of Defence says that thousands of extremists are active in the UK .
Publisher Kadokawa began streaming a promotional video and television commercial for the DVD and Blu-ray Disc release of the Steins ; Gate Fuka Ryōiki no Déjà vu film on Friday . The anime is slated to ship on DVD and Blu-ray Disc in Japan on December 13 .
The limited-edition Blu-ray Disc bundle will include five discs , a new 40-minute drama CD titled `` Gensonzai no A Posteriori '' ( A Posteriori of Existence ) , a second 99-minute drama CD , soundtrack , 100-page booklet , and event and promotional videos . The limited Blu-ray Disc will cost 10,500 yen ( about US $ 109 ) , while the regular version will cost 7,140 yen ( US $ 74 ) . The regular DVD volume will retail at 6,090 yen ( US $ 63 ) .
People who pre-order the discs at select retailers in Japan will receive exclusive bonuses such as posters , clear files , and tapestries . The first fans to pre-order any volume at select retailers will also receive an A3-sized portrait of the main characters . The first people to pre-order the limited-edition Blu-ray Disc will receive three `` time machine plate '' stickers and another all-new drama CD .
The sequel to the 2011 Steins ; Gate television anime series opened on April 20 in at least 30 theaters across Japan . The film had earned 500 million yen ( about US $ 5 million ) at the box office as of June 2 . The film reunites the television series ' cast and staff with a completely new story set after the `` true end '' of the television series .
J Pat Carter/Getty Images
Los Angeles Lakers head coach Byron Scott has said a lot of silly things this season . But on the precipice of Kobe Bryant 's last game in a Lakers uniform , Scott may have offered the most prescient quote of them all Wednesday .
`` Tonight it will be all about [ Bryant ] , and it should be , '' Scott said , per Mark Medina of the Los Angeles Daily News .
Bryant , 37 , will retire following Wednesday night 's game against the Utah Jazz . He 'll leave the game as the NBA 's third-leading scorer , a five-time champion and perhaps the most decorated star of their generation—in a two-man class with Tim Duncan .
“ Like I told him , ” Scott said , per Joey Ramirez of the Lakers ' official website , “ 'This is the last hurrah . Let 's have some fun and go out with a bang . ' ”
The game itself is shaping up to be a spectacle . The Lakers donned the outside of Staples Center with a ton of Bryant-centric graphics , even putting their No . 24 and No . 8 on the floor for the game . After playing only 19 minutes against the Thunder in their final trip to Oklahoma City on Monday , Bryant should be in line for extended minutes and as many shots as they want .
`` If I say 40 and they fall short , then people will be disappointed . So I do n't know , '' Metta World Peace said of how many shots Bryant would take , per Medina .
The Lakers have handed out approximately 400-500 press passes for this contest , per ESPN 's Baxter Holmes . Veteran Lakers publicist John Black told Holmes that in their 26 years in the role , that number is `` completely unprecedented '' for a regular-season game .
While there has been a bit of controversy surrounding ESPN 's decision to switch the game to ESPN2 in favor of the Golden State Warriors ' pursuit of 73 wins against the Memphis Grizzlies , it has n't dampened the spirit of Bryant 's teammates .
International law enforcement agencies in more than a dozen countries arrested 34 individuals in a cyber-crime sweep that focused on customers of online services that provide denial-of-service attacks to order .
In the United States , the FBI arrested a 26-year-old University of Southern California graduate student allegedly linked to distributed denial-of-service ( DDoS ) attack that knocked a San Francisco chat-service company offline . The suspect , Sean Sharma , was arrested on Dec. 9 for purchasing a DDoS tool used to mount the attack , the FBI stated in a release .
Since last week , the FBI 's International Cyber Crime Coordination Cell , or IC4 , and other law enforcement agencies—including Europol and the U.K. 's National Crime Agency—have arrested 34 suspects and conducted interviews with 101 individuals .
“ DDoS tools are among the many specialized cyber-crime services available for hire that may be used by professional criminals and novices alike , ” Steve Kelly , FBI unit chief of IC4 , said in the agency 's statement . “ While the FBI is working with our international partners to apprehend and prosecute sophisticated cyber-criminals , we also want to deter the young from starting down this path . ”
DDoS-for-hire services have increased in use to account for 93 percent of all distributed denial-of-service attacks , according to Incapsula , a DoS mitigation service owned by Imperva . Neustar , a real-time cloud-based information and analysis provider , confirmed that booters and stressors have grown significantly over the past four years .
`` A pretty large portion of the DDoSes we have seen are the fault of the stressors and booters , ” Rodney Joffe , senior vice president and fellow at Neustar , told eWEEK . “ And it has been a problem for 4 years . ”
The worldwide law enforcement action aims to carry a message to young offenders that what may seem to them as innocuous cyber-pranks are actually serious crimes that carry hefty legal penalties , the law enforcement groups said .
The people arrested are suspected of paying for DDoS services to launch floods of data against websites and online services—often gaming platforms .
“ Today 's generation is closer to technology than ever before , with the potential of exacerbating the threat of cyber-crime , ” Steve Wilson , head of the European Cyber Crime Centre ( EC3 ) , said in a statement . “ Many IT enthusiasts get involved in seemingly low-level fringe cyber-crime activities from a young age , unaware of the consequences that such crimes carry . ”
Yet , Neustar 's Joffe doubted that the arrests will make much of an impact .
“ There are millions of kids who play games , and they do n't think this is illegal , ” they said . “ Or they understand that this is illegal , but they do n't think they are going to get caught . ”
Law enforcement agencies carried out actions in Australia , Belgium , France , Hungary , Lithuania , the Netherlands , Norway , Portugal , Romania , Spain , Sweden , the United Kingdom , and the U.S . The law enforcement organizations underscored that fighting the cyber-crimes require a collaborative effort .
“ No law enforcement agency or country can defeat cyber-crime alone , ” the FBI said in its statement . “ This demands a collective global approach . ”
Charles Fenerty ( January , 1821 [ 2 ] [ 3 ] – 10 June 1892 ) , was a Canadian inventor who invented the wood pulp process for papermaking , which was first adapted into the production of newsprint . [ 4 ] Fenerty was also a poet ( writing over 32 known poems ) . [ 5 ]
Early life [ edit ]
Fenerty was born in Upper Falmouth , Nova Scotia . [ 6 ] They were the youngest of three boys , all of whom worked for their father , a lumberman and farmer . During the winter months , the Fenertys would clear-cut the local forests for lumber , which they then transported to the family 's lumber mill at Springfield Lake . The Fenertys shipped their lumber to the Halifax dockyards , where it was exported or used locally . [ 7 ] The Fenertys had around 1,000 acres ( 4.0 km2 ) of farmland ; they shipped most of their produce to the markets in Halifax .
As a young man , Fenerty began writing poetry ; their first ( known ) poem , written when they were 17 years old , was titled `` The Prince 's Lodge '' ( later retitled as `` Passing Away '' and published in 1888 ) . It described an abandoned , decaying home overlooking the Bedford Basin near Halifax . The lodge had been built decades prior by Prince Edward Augustus , Duke of Kent and Strathearn , who later returned to England . [ 8 ]
Invention of paper from wood pulp [ edit ]
Each time Fenerty hauled lumber and produce to Halifax , they would pass the local paper mills , and sometimes stopped by to watch the process , since there were many similarities between lumber and paper mills . In those days paper was made from pulped rags , cotton and other plant fibres , a technique used for nearly 2000 years ( see History of paper ) . Demand for paper was outstripping the supply of rags , and Europe starting cutting down their shipments of cotton to North America .
Fenerty had learned that trees have fibres too , through discussions with the naturalist Titus Smith . [ 9 ] At the age of 17 ( in c.1838 ) they began their experiments of making paper from wood . By 1844 , they had perfected the process ( including bleaching the pulp to a white colour ) . [ 10 ] In a letter written by a family member circa 1915 it is mentioned that Charles Fenerty had shown a crude sample of their paper to a friend named Charles Hamilton in 1840 ( a relative of their future wife ) , though the family member in question would have been around 8 at the time . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] On October 26 , 1844 Charles Fenerty took a sample of their paper to Halifax 's top newspaper , the Acadian Recorder , where they had written a letter on their newly invented paper saying :
“ Messrs. English & Blackadar , Enclosed is a small piece of PAPER , the result of an experiment I have made , in order to ascertain if that useful article might not be manufactured from WOOD . The result has proved that opinion to be correct , for- by the sample which I have sent you , Gentlemen- you will perceive the feasibility of it . The enclosed , which is as firm in its texture as white , and to all appearance as durable as the common wrapping paper made from hemp , cotton , or the ordinary materials of manufacture is ACTUALLY COMPOSED OF SPRUCE WOOD , reduced to a pulp , and subjected to the same treatment as paper is in course of being made , only with this exception , VIZ : my insufficient means of giving it the required pressure . I entertain an opinion that our common forest trees , either hard or soft wood , but more especially the fir , spruce , or poplar , on account of the fibrous quality of their wood , might easily be reduced by a chafing machine , and manufactured into paper of the finest kind . This opinion , Sirs , I think the experiment will justify , and leaving it to be prosecuted further by the scientific , or the curious . I remain , Gentlemen , your obdt . servant ,
CHARLES FENERTY . The Acadian Recorder
Halifax , N.S .
Saturday , October 26 , 1844 ”
[ 13 ]
Other inventors had used wood to make paper ; in the 18th century a French scientist by the name of René Antoine Ferchault de Réaumur suggested that paper could be made from trees . [ 14 ] Their theory caught the interest of Matthias Koops , who in 1800 experimented with papermaking by compressing and adhering straw and wood shavings . [ 15 ]
The F. G. Keller wood-grinding machine c.1854 .
In about 1838 German weaver Friedrich Gottlob Keller read Réaumur 's report . Unaware of Fenerty across the ocean , they experimented for a few years and , in 1845 , a year after Fenerty 's letter to the newspaper , filed for a patent in Germany for the ground wood pulp process for making modern paper . [ 6 ] In that same year Henry Voelter bought the patent for about five hundred dollars and started making paper . Their venture was n't financially successful , and they later are unable to afford to renew their patent . Voelter has been credited in Germany as the first to make paper from wood pulp .
Poetry and travel [ edit ]
Fenerty was also a well-known poet of their time , publishing more than 35 ( known ) poems . Some of the better known titles were : `` Betula Nigra '' ( about a Black Birch tree ) , `` Essay on Progress '' ( published in 1866 ) , [ 16 ] and `` The Prince 's Lodge '' ( about Prince Edward Augustus , Duke of Kent and Strathearn , written around 1838 and published in 1888 ) . In October 1854 , they won first prize for `` Betula Nigra '' at the Nova Scotia Industrial Exhibition . [ 17 ]
Nova Scotia Industrial Exhibition of 1854
Fenerty did extensive travelling throughout Australia between the years 1858 to 1865 , living through the Australian gold rushes , and then returned to Halifax . They became involved with the Church and held several positions in Halifax : Wood Measurer , Census Taker , Health Warden , Tax Collector for their community , and Overseer of the Poor .
Charles Fenerty Monument
Death and legacy [ edit ]
Little attention was given to Fenerty 's invention , and they themselves never developed their process or took out a patent on it . It did mark the beginning to a new industry ; today most people attribute F. G. Keller as the original inventor .
Pulped wood paper slowly began to be adopted by paper mills . German newspapers were the first to adopt the new paper , then other newspapers made the switch from rags to wood pulp . Soon there were mills throughout Canada , the U.S. , and Europe , and later the rest of the world . A wood pulp paper mill was erected near Fenerty 's home town . By the end of the 19th century almost all newspapers in the western world were using pulp wood newsprint .
Fenerty died on June 10 , 1892 in their home in Lower Sackville , Nova Scotia , from a flu . [ 18 ]
Passing Away ( aka , The Prince 's Lodge ) , c.1838 , by Charles Fenerty ( which appeared in the Rockingham Sentinel ( Halifax , NS ) , March 1888 ) .
Poems by Charles Fenerty [ edit ]
The Prince 's Lodge ( His first known poem , written in c.1837 )
Betula Nigra ( His award-winning poem ) [ 19 ]
Battle of the Alma
In Memoriam of James Montgomery
The Relic
Hid Treasure : Canto I
Hid Treasure : Canto II
Hid Treasure : Canto III
To a Rich Miser
The Saxon 's Sentimental Journey
The Tao-Aspiring Poet
A Lilt of Skibbereen
Reason and Faith
Hymn
The Man of God
Farewell to Australia ( 1865 )
The Voyagers on Gennesaret
Keep the Heart Young
Essay on Progress
The Decline of Spain
Lex Talionis
The Blind Lady 's Request
Early Piety
Terra Nova
To a Meteorite
The Sentinel Rose
In Memoriam
The Wreck of the Atlantic
Sir Provo Wallis ( His last known poem , written in 1892 )
Passing On
Eighteen Hundred and Two
Howe
Recognition [ edit ]
On Canada Day in 1987 , Canada Post featured Fenerty on one of a set of four stamps commemorating Canadian inventors in Communications . [ 20 ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Burger , Peter . Charles Fenerty and their Paper Invention . Toronto : Peter Burger , 2007 . ISBN 978-0-9783318-1-8
. Toronto : Peter Burger , 2007 . ISBN 978-0-9783318-1-8 Carruthers , George . Paper in the Making . Toronto : The Garden City Press Co-Operative , 1947 .
. Toronto : The Garden City Press Co-Operative , 1947 . Crowley , David , Paul Heyer . Communication in History : Technology , Culture , Society , 5th ed . Boston : Pearson Allyn & Bacon , 2007 .
, 5th ed . Boston : Pearson Allyn & Bacon , 2007 . Dictionary of Canadian Biography . Vol . I – XII . Toronto : University of Toronto Press , 1990 .
. Vol . I – XII . Toronto : University of Toronto Press , 1990 . Encyclopedia Canadiana . 10 vols . Toronto : Grolier of Canada Ltd. , 1977 .
. 10 vols . Toronto : Grolier of Canada Ltd. , 1977 . Fenerty , Charles . Betula Nigra . Halifax : W. Cunnabell , 1855 .
. Halifax : W. Cunnabell , 1855 . Fenerty , Charles . Essay on Progress . Halifax : James Bowes & Sons , 1866 .
. Halifax : James Bowes & Sons , 1866 . Fenerty , Charles . ( Manuscript ) `` Hid Treasure '' or the Labours of a Deacon–and other poems . Halifax : MS Pp 81 , n/p , n/d ( ca.1888 ) . ( Dalhousie University call Number : MS-2-158 )
. Halifax : MS Pp 81 , n/p , n/d ( ca.1888 ) . ( Dalhousie University call Number : MS-2-158 ) Fergusson , Dr. Charles Bruce . Charles Fenerty : The Life and Achievement of a Native of Sackville , Halifax County , N.S . Halifax : William Macnab & Son , 1955 .
. Halifax : William Macnab & Son , 1955 . Halifax Herald , The , Halifax , Nova Scotia , 1840-1892 .
, Halifax , Nova Scotia , 1840-1892 . Harvey , Robert Paton . Historic Sackville . Halifax : Nimbus Publishing Ltd , 2002 .
. Halifax : Nimbus Publishing Ltd , 2002 . Hunter , Dard . Papermaking : The History and Technique of an Ancient Craft . New York : Dover Publications , Inc. 1978 .
. New York : Dover Publications , Inc. 1978 . Knott , Leonard L. The Children 's Book about Pulp and Paper . Montreal : Editorial Associates , 1949 .
. Montreal : Editorial Associates , 1949 . Koops , Matthias . Historical account of the substances which have been used to describe events , and to convey ideas , from the earliest date , to the invention of paper . London : Printed by T. Burton , 1800 .
. London : Printed by T. Burton , 1800 . MacBeath , George . Great Maritime Achievers in Science and Technology . Fredericton , NB : Goose Lane Editions , 2005 .
. Fredericton , NB : Goose Lane Editions , 2005 . MacFarlane , William Godsoe . `` Fenerty , Charles '' . New Brunswick Bibliography : The Books and Writers of the Province . St. John , N.B. , 1895 : 30 . ( Available at the University of Toronto , CIHM no . : 09418 ) .
. St. John , N.B. , 1895 : 30 . ( Available at the University of Toronto , CIHM no . : 09418 ) . Marble , Allen Everett . Nova Scotians at Home and Abroad . Windsor , NS : Lancelot Press Ltd , 1986 .
. Windsor , NS : Lancelot Press Ltd , 1986 . Morgan , Henry J . `` Fenerty , Charles '' . Bibliotheca Canadensis . Ottawa : G.E . Desbarats . 1867 .
. Ottawa : G.E . Desbarats . 1867 . Mullane , George . Footprints Around and About Bedford Basin . Halifax : ( Reprints from the Acadian Recorder ) , n/p , ca.1914 . ( CIHM no . 78665 U of T ) ISBN 0-665-78665-4
. Halifax : ( Reprints from the Acadian Recorder ) , n/p , ca.1914 . ( CIHM no . 78665 U of T ) ISBN 0-665-78665-4 NovaScotian , The , Halifax , Nova Scotia , 1830-1880 .
, Halifax , Nova Scotia , 1830-1880 . Pönicke , Herbert . `` Keller , Friedrich Gottlob '' . Neue Deutsche Biographie . Berlin : Duncker & Humblot , 1977 .
. Berlin : Duncker & Humblot , 1977 . Punch , Terrence Michael . Some Native Sons of Erin in Nova Scotia . Halifax : Petheric Press , 1980 .
. Halifax : Petheric Press , 1980 . Punch , Terrence M. `` Fenerty , Charles '' . Dictionary of Canadian Biography . ( Vol . XII . 1891 to 1900 ) . Toronto : University of Toronto Press , 1990 : 311 .
. ( Vol . XII . 1891 to 1900 ) . Toronto : University of Toronto Press , 1990 : 311 . Punch , Terrence M. Nova Scotia Vital Statistics from Newspaper , 1818–1822 . Halifax : Genealogical Association of the Royal Nova Scotia Historical Society , Publication No . 1 , 1978 .
. Halifax : Genealogical Association of the Royal Nova Scotia Historical Society , Publication No . 1 , 1978 . Raddall , Thomas H. Halifax – Warden of the North . Toronto : McClelland and Stewart Ltd , 1977 .
. Toronto : McClelland and Stewart Ltd , 1977 . Schlieder , Wolfgang . Der Erfinder des Holzschliffs Friedrich Gottlob Keller . Leipzig , Germany : Veb Fachbuchverlag Leipzig , 1977 .
. Leipzig , Germany : Veb Fachbuchverlag Leipzig , 1977 . Sittauer , Hans L. Friedrich Gottlob Keller . Leipzig : BSB B.G . Teubner Verlagsgesellschaft , 1982 .
. Leipzig : BSB B.G . Teubner Verlagsgesellschaft , 1982 . Tennant , Robert D. Jr. Millview : From Winter Cove to Salt Hill . Nova Scotia : n/p , n/d , ( held at the Fultz Museum , Sackville , NS ) .
. Nova Scotia : n/p , n/d , ( held at the Fultz Museum , Sackville , NS ) . Walther Killy and Rudolf Vierhaus . `` Keller , Friedrich Gottlob '' . Deutsche Biographische Enzyklopädie . München : Die Deutsche Bibliothek , 1997 .
. München : Die Deutsche Bibliothek , 1997 . Watters , Reginald Eyre . A Check List of Canadian Literature and Background Materials : 1628–1950 . Toronto : University of Toronto Press , 1959 .
See also [ edit ]
The Latest : DJ in Taylor Swift case : Court was only option
Workers in support of pop singer Taylor Swift in office across from the federal courthouse put up a new sign as the jury gets the case in the civil trial involving the singer in a case in federal court Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Denver . While the judge has cleared the pop singer , their mother , Andrea , and the singer 's radio liaison are still facing allegations that they set out to have a radio host fired for allegedly groping Swift at a photo op before a concert in Denver in 2013 . The eight-person jury is expected to decide on that case as well as consider the assault allegation leveled by the singer . ( AP Photo/David Zalubowski )
DENVER ( AP ) — The Latest on a civil trial involving Taylor Swift and a former DJ they accused of groping their ( all times local ) :
6 p.m .
A former Denver radio host accused of groping Taylor Swift says after losing their civil case that going to court was their only option .
David Mueller had sued Swift , saying the allegation cost them their career and their reputation . They said Monday after a jury found in the pop star 's favor that they have been trying to clear their name for the past four years .
Swift countersued for assault and battery and sought a symbolic $ 1 and the chance to stand up for other women .
A jury determined that Mueller had groped Swift . Jurors also found that Swift 's mother , Andrea Swift , and radio liaison , Frank Bell , were within their rights to contact Mueller 's bosses about the allegation .
___
5:35 p.m .
Taylor Swift hugged their crying mother after jurors decided that a radio host groped the pop star during a pre-concert photo op four years ago .
After the jury sided with their Monday , the singer sent out a statement thanking their team for fighting for them and “ anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault . ”
The jury also determined that Swift 's mother , Andrea Swift , and radio liaison , Frank Bell , were within their rights to contact fired DJ David Mueller 's bosses about the allegation .
Mueller sued over their ruined career , and the singer-songwriter filed a countersuit seeking the chance to stand up for other women .
In their statement , Swift acknowledged their privileged position and said they hope to help “ those whose voices should also be heard. ” They say she 'll be donating to organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves .
___
4:50 p.m .
Taylor Swift has won long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped them during a pre-concert photo op four years ago .
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits , jurors determined Monday that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing their backside during a backstage meet-and-greet .
The six-woman , two-man jury also found that Swift 's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller 's bosses .
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler , Frank Bell , seeking up to $ 3 million for their ruined career .
Just before closing arguments , the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller 's lawsuit and drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect .
The singer-songwriter said in their countersuit that they wanted a symbolic $ 1 and the chance to stand up for other women .
___
4:40 p.m .
Jurors have reached a verdict in dueling lawsuits over Taylor Swift 's allegation that a radio host groped them during a backstage meet-and-greet in 2013 .
The decision by six-woman , two-man jury will be read Monday in U.S. court in Denver .
It comes after a weeklong trial . Denver DJ David Mueller sued the pop star , their mother and their radio handler , Frank Bell , after they were fired , seeking up to $ 3 million for their ruined career .
Just before closing arguments , the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller 's lawsuit and drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect .
The singer-songwriter said in their countersuit that they wanted a symbolic $ 1 and the chance to stand up for other women .
___
12:35 p.m .
The Taylor Swift groping case has headed to a jury in federal court in Denver .
The jury got the case for deliberations Monday after Swift 's attorney Douglas Baldridge questioned former DJ David Mueller 's credibility in closing arguments .
In dueling lawsuits , Swift said Mueller groped them at a backstage 2013 event and Mueller accused Swift , their mother and a Swift representative of getting them fired while denying the groping accusation .
Baldridge noted Mueller lost audio recordings they took secretly during a meeting with their bosses after they were fired from a Denver country music station .
They said that “ no credibility goes with a story-changing , evidence-destroying aggressor like David Mueller . ”
The eight-member jury must rule unanimously on Mueller 's claim that Andrea Swift and Frank Bell wrongly caused Mueller 's firing . A judge removed Swift as a defendant in the firing claim .
The jury also must reach a verdict on Swift 's counterclaim of assault and battery and their request for a symbolic $ 1 judgment .
___
11:35 a.m .
Taylor Swift 's attorney says she 's standing up for all women in their federal lawsuit by taking on a man who they say groped them and is saying “ No means no . ”
In closing arguments Monday , lawyer Douglas Baldridge characterized the former DJ who sued Swift after they lost their job as an “ aggressor . ”
Former radio host David Mueller said Swift 's claim that they groped them at a 2013 pre-concert event in Denver is false and led to theirs being fired .
Baldridge asked jurors : “ Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims ? ”
Citing Swift 's counterclaim alleging assault and battery , Baldridge asks jurors to “ return a verdict for a single dollar , a single symbolic dollar , the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation . ”
___
11:30 a.m .
Taylor Swift cried during part of closing arguments in their civil trial alleging that a former radio DJ groped them before a 2013 concert .
The lawyer for former DJ David Mueller , Gabriel McFarland , questioned Monday whether the pop star 's smiling face in a photo they appeared in with Mueller was the face of someone who was upset .
Swift 's mother , Andrea Swift , touched their daughter 's right leg as Swift cried and wiped their face in federal court in Denver . Them lawyer also rubbed them back .
Andrea Swift touched Swift 's hand as McFarland said the photograph taken during the meet-and-greet in meant nothing .
Swift testified the photo was taken just as they were groped by Mueller , who denies the allegation .
_____
11:10 a.m .
A lawyer for the former radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift says the pop star 's account is inconsistent with every other Swift team member 's testimony and with a photo taken at the time of the alleged incident .
During closing arguments in Denver federal court Monday , attorney Gabriel McFarland told jurors Monday that David Mueller “ is not the guy ” who groped Swift during a photo op before a 2013 concert .
They argued that Swift 's smiling face in the photo contradicts their testimony that they were groped the instant the photo was taken .
McFarland also cast doubt on a Swift security guard 's claim that they saw Mueller touch Swift but did not act because they did not think they were in danger .
They also said the photographer who took the image “ started it all ” by pulling a photo of Mueller and their girlfriend with Swift from dozens they took during a meet-and-greet and showing it to Swift , who identified Mueller as the person who touched them
_____
10:20 a.m .
Closing arguments are underway in the civil trial involving Taylor Swift and the former radio DJ they accuse of groping them before a 2013 concert .
A lawyer for ex-DJ David Mueller , Gabriel McFarland , made their case to jurors first on Monday morning in Denver federal court .
Before arguments began , Judge William Martinez told jurors that a preponderance of evidence is needed to return a verdict .
The verdict form asks if Frank Bell , a radio liaison for Taylor Swift , and Andrea Swift intentionally caused Mueller to be fired from their job .
It also asks in Swift 's counterclaim if Mueller assaulted or battered Swift .
The judge threw out Mueller 's case against Taylor Swift on Friday .
_____
9:10 a.m .
Taylor Swift , their mother Andrea Swift , and former radio DJ David Mueller are back in a federal courtroom in Denver federal as the judge and attorneys for their groping case review instructions for the jury .
Monday 's review is taking place outside the presence of the eight-member jury , which will be called in later in the morning to hear closing arguments .
Swift alleges Mueller groped them before a 2013 concert and they deny the allegation .
A judge ruled Friday Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end their career . Identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors .
Mueller sued the three after Swift 's team reported the encounter to their bosses . They sought up to $ 3 million in damages . The judge ruled that they did not make a case for recovering that much money .
Swift countersued for a symbolic $ 1 . The jury will consider their assault claim .
_____
9 a.m .
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial over allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift before a 2013 Denver concert .
The former DJ alleges in a competing federal lawsuit that the star 's mother and radio liaison tried to destroy their career .
A federal judge ruled Friday that former DJ David Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end their career .
Identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors .
Mueller sued the three after Swift 's team reported the encounter to their bosses . They sought up to $ 3 million in damages . The judge ruled that they did not make a case for recovering that much money .
Swift countersued for a symbolic $ 1 . The jury will consider their assault claim .
_____
7:55 a.m .
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial over allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a 2013 Denver concert .
The former DJ alleges in a competing federal lawsuit that the star 's mother and radio liaison set out to destroy their career .
A federal judge ruled Friday that former DJ David Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end their career .
But identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors .
Mueller sued the three after Swift 's team reported the 2013 encounter to their bosses . He 's seeking up to $ 3 million , saying the allegation cost them their job .
Swift countersued for a symbolic $ 1 . The jury will also consider their assault claim .
They called the encounter despicable .
_____
1:15 a.m .
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial concerning allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a concert in Denver , and competing allegations the singer 's mother and their radio liaison set out to destroy the DJ 's career after the photo op took place .
A federal judge on Friday determined that former DJ David Mueller did n't prove that Swift personally tried to end their career , but identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors .
Mueller sued the three after Swift 's team reported the 2013 encounter to their bosses . He 's seeking up to $ 3 million , saying the allegation cost them their job .
Swift countersued for a symbolic $ 1 . The jury will also consider their assault claim .
They called the encounter with Mueller despicable .
Two years ago this week , the Stop Online Piracy Act ( SOPA ) was shelved after millions petitioned their representatives to preserve their internet access rights . However , after a decision by a federal appeals court last week , those rights could be in jeopardy once again .
At the center of this issue is the concept of net neutrality - the principle that Internet service providers ( ISPs ) should enable access to all content and applications regardless of the source and without favoring or blocking particular products or websites . Up until last week , the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) had rules in place to protect net neutrality and keep the Internet a level playing field where ISPs must provide transparency , allow access to lawful content and not discriminate against broadband traffic .
However , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , in the case of Verizon v. FCC , struck down these rules on the grounds that the FCC can not regulate ISPs because they are not designated as telecommunications services .
Consumer advocacy groups say that this ruling could lead to business models in which internet service providers could charge content providers for access to usual high speed broadband networks and “ throttle ” or slow down access for all other users .
“ I would not be surprised if business development folks in ISPs around the country were now looking for ways to partner with content creators , ” said Michael Weinberg , acting co-president of Public Knowledge , a consumer advocacy group . The company 's goal is “ to make sure their unpartnered service is bad enough that a paid partnership is attractive . ”
Stacey Higginbotham , writing at GigaOM , argued that the rights of Internet users would certainly be subject to change , and not for the better . “ Instead of treating all traffic flowing over their broadband pipes equally , Internet service providers can now start making deals that could prioritize some content over other traffic , '' they said .
This could have a substantial impact on video streaming services such as Netflix , Hulu Plus , Amazon Instant Video and YouTube . Because the new ruling allows for ISPs to begin discriminating between consumers , companies such as Comcast and Verizon can now charge fees to these sites or threaten to slow access to their content .
Alternatively , these video streaming companies are rich targets for ISPs that want to sell their own video services to their own subscribers and therefore have an incentive to slow down access to these sites to gain a competitive edge .
George Askew , an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus , estimated that Netflix alone may be subject to fees in the range of 75 to 100 million dollars a year , a cost that is sure to be passed down to its subscribers . Netflix shares fell 2.3 % the day the ruling was announced .
Reed Hastings , CEO of Netflix , has responded to the ruling by warning all internet service providers that their company would call for more regulation if it caught ISPs discriminating . Hastings said that if ISPs breached the `` strong network neutrality across all networks , including wireless ... we would vigorously protest and encourage our members [ 33 million strong ] to demand the open Internet they are paying their ISP to deliver . ''
For now , Tom Wheeler , chairperson of the FCC , said they were “ committed to maintaining our networks as engines for economic growth , test beds for innovative services and products , and channels for all forms of speech protected by the First Amendment . ”
“ We will consider all available options , ” they added , “ including those for appeal , to ensure that these networks on which the Internet depends continue to provide a free and open platform for innovation and expression , and operate in the interest of all Americans . ”
In the meantime , it appears that the rights of Americans to freely access any site on the internet is in jeopardy .
Featured image courtesy of spike55151/Flickr .
Comments
COLORADO SPRINGS , CO ( ABC News ) – A 19-year-old man was booked on first-degree murder and kidnapping charges in the deaths of two teens who were found dead on the side of a Colorado road , authorities said .
Gustavo Marquez , 19 , was also charged with aggravated robbery and child abuse resulting in the deaths of Derek Benjamin Greer , 15 , and Natalie Partida , 16 , according to the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office .
The victims ' bodies were found on the side of a road about 15 miles from their Colorado Springs high school .
“ I am so happy there is finally justice for my son and Natalie , ” said Greer 's mother , Heather Ferguson . “ The case is still ongoing so it 's not over yet . ”
The deaths were ruled homicides but the cause was not clear .
“ They had a whole life to live , ” Greer 's cousin , Hannah Ortega , told ABC News Friday . “ They do n't get to have kids , they do n't get to graduate high school , they do n't get to work their dream jobs , they do n't get to live anymore . Nobody deserves to get their life taken . ”
Marquez is scheduled for a court appearance on April 5 , according to records .
[ oldembed width= '' 420 '' height= '' 245 '' src= '' https : //www.msnbc.msn.com/id/32545640 '' flashvars= '' launch=47302840^2920^857760 & width=420 & height=245 '' fid= '' 2 '' ]
I remember running this post a couple of years ago :
An employee of KTVX-TV who apparently used the wrong Twitter account to send a slightly off-color message to KTVX 's 4400 followers has been dismissed , reports Lost Remote . The staffer was trying to send the following to his/her personal account , not the account of the ABC station in Salt Lake City : “ I 'm downtown eating . Surrounded by Mormons and repressed sexual energy. ” KTVX says it accepted the resignation of the staffer who got his/her wires crossed .
Little did I know how right that reporter was . I 've been doing some reading about the LDS culture , and the duties of a Mormon bishop ( like Mitt Romney ) in particular . There 's some pretty creepy stuff -- and a whole damned boatload of repressed sexual energy . We 'll get to that later .
But first , what I 'm coming up with are numerous accounts of child abuse -- and child sexual abuse , as spelled out in `` Scout 's Honor , '' an award-winning investigative series about how the LDS church and its Idaho Falls scouting program covered up for the sexual molestation of Scouts by a Mormon pedophile .
Funny thing : Peter Zuckerman , the reporter who did the series , was outed as gay in a full-page newspaper ad paid for by billionaire Frank VanderSloot , Romney campaign finance co-chair and chairperson of Melaleuca , Inc. , an MLM company . VanderSloot is famous for threatening reporters , bloggers and publications with lawsuits . He 's also a major donor to the Restore Our Future superPAC .
I also discovered a long chain of stories about `` ranches '' and `` camps '' owned and run by very politically connected Utah Mormons - especially the World Wide Association of Specialty Schools , founded by Robert Lichfield , who was Mitt Romney 's finance co-chair back in 2007 . They either resigned or was asked to resign after the abuse stories broke :
Robert Lichfield , a business person with no clinical training in psychology , formed the World Wide Association of Specialty Programs in 1998 . The Utah-based organization promoted itself as an umbrella company that linked independently run programs operating under WWASP guidelines to families in need . Further investigations have revealed , however , that all programs were operated and run by family members and business associates of Robert Lichfield . WWASP operated programs both in the US and abroad . Multiple lawsuits have led to the closure of all official WWASP facilities , though rumors persist that several schools have reopened under new company names . Accusations include locking children in dog cages , severe physical beatings , food and sleep deprivation , pepper spraying of minors , isolation , lack of communication to parents , unreported sexual abuse , unsanitary living conditions , and brainwashing/emotional abuse .
And you thought Mitt locking their dog in a cage on the car roof was bad ? Kids were sent to these camps for crimes like being gay , or for refusing to attend early-morning LDS services .
Now , here 's where it gets really interesting :
In 1997 , Aspen Education Group was founded in part by Elliot Sainer . A subsidiary of CRC Health Group , Aspen Education is owned by Bain Capital Group , founded in 1984 by Mitt Romney . Aspen Education Group provides therapeutic programs for youth including wilderness therapy , residential treatment facilities , therapeutic boarding schools , and weight loss facilities . Aspen Education is one of the most profitable teen treatment chains , boasting annual revenue of $ 150 million plus . According to an article by Keith Chu of The Bulletin , many of Aspen Education Group 's programs – including now defunct Mount Bachelor Academy – were based directly on the CEDU methods of treatment . Lauding support by celebrity figures such as Dr. Phil and several other TV programs including “ Brat Camp , ” “ I Know What You Ate Last Summer , ” and “ Intervention , ” Aspen Education has become one of the most revered and successful programs of its kind . Recent lawsuits and scrutiny , however , have led to the closure of multiple facilities and a total restructure announced in March of 2011 . Mount Bachelor Academy , once one of Aspen Education 's top programs , closed in 2009 after lawsuits alleging sexual reenactments of past sexual abuse in front of peers , sleep deprivation , forced lap dances as part of therapy , and emotional and physical abuse . Sagewalk , one of Aspen 's top wilderness therapy facilities , was called “ reckless ” by State authorities following the death of 16-year-old Sergey Blashchishen . At least four other teenagers have died under Aspen 's care . Criticisms of Aspen 's weight loss facilities have also indicated child abuse , noting that children within its care were subjected to diet plans of under 10 grams of fat daily .
From FamilyLight , a psychological consulting group which evaluates teen programs :
CRC Health Group , controlling the Aspen brand name , is not just a for-profit organization but it is owned by a private investment firm Bain Capital with a fiduciary responsibility to maximize return on investment . The reality is that the best care in therapeutic facilities is not necessarily the care that produces the greatest return on investment . We would like to hear a commitment directly from Bain Capital that they have directed CRC Health Group to provide the highest quality of care they can , observing that while short-term financial gains might result from taking shortcuts , the long term the best financial performance will result from delivering the highest quality services with the highest standards of ethics .
FamilyLight 's stated concern is that the same extreme tactics are applied to every single child who enters their programs , not just defiant teens .
Next installment : Just like the Catholic Church , Mormon leaders reportedly persuade sexual abuse victims not to report cases to the authorities .
BALTIMORE — Three jail workers and two inmates were convicted in a massive jailhouse corruption scheme where gang leaders , not guards ruled the institution , impregnated corrections officers and directed crimes inside and outside the jail walls , federal prosecutors said Thursday .
The federal jury 's convictions — and three acquittals — came in a trial for eight people who did n't plead guilty after a sweeping 44-person indictment was handed down in 2013 .
One of those to plead guilty and testify at the trial was Tavon “ Bulldog ” White , whom prosecutors described as a Black Guerilla Family gang commander and the architect of the conspiracy . White became prosecutors ' most valuable asset and said they directed guards motivated by sex and money to smuggle in drugs and cellphones .
White , who impregnated four of the guards while in the jail on an attempted murder charge , said they never forced a guard to participate .
“ I did n't have to , ” White testified . “ I had my children 's mothers , and plenty of other guards willing to do it for money . ”
Two former Baltimore City Detention Center guards , Ashley Newton and Travis Paylor ; two inmates , Joseph Young and Russell Carrington , and a jail kitchen worker , Michelle McNair , for their role in a racketeering conspiracy .
Three other corrections officers were acquitted .
“ This case exposed rampant crime and corruption inside jailhouse walls , which spawns more crime in the streets , ” U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein said in a news release . “ Continued vigilance will be needed to make sure that jails help prevent crime instead of facilitating it . ”
Prosecutors had said Young , a Black Guerilla Family floor boss at the jail , administered punishments to two inmates suspected of stealing phones from another gang member . Carrington was accused of trying to recruit correctional officers to help smuggle contraband .
The guards at the state-run jail allowed gang members to administer beatings to other inmates without consequence , prosecutors say . McNair , who was working in the jail 's kitchen , was accused of having sex with gang members and helping to transport drugs through a tunnel connecting two jail buildings .
White , the government 's star witness , made headlines after federal investigators intercepted a phone call they made at the jail . “ This is my jail . You understand that . I make every final call in this jail … everything come to me , ” they said in the call .
Defense attorneys insisted their clients were innocent and that the government lacked the evidence to convict them .
The indictments sparked harsh criticism , leading then-Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services Secretary Gary Maynard to resign .
Since the indictment , the agency has increased personnel in its intelligence and investigations unit and is developing a polygraph unit to test guard applicants , spokesperson Mark Vernarelli said .
Del . John Cluster , a Republican who is a former Baltimore County police officer , said part of the problem is that correctional officers often come from the same neighborhoods as gang members and know them . They also said contraband continues to get into prisons , and the state needs help in determining if new hires have any affiliation with gangs .
The department invested $ 4 million in technology that throws a virtual net over the facility to block calls on unauthorized cellphones . And the facility is searched at least once a week , Vernarelli said .
Follow WNEW on Twitter
( © Copyright 2015 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
As protests spread across Tunisia in late December and January earlier this year , symbols of repression and fear were among the first things targeted after the fall of Ben Ali . Opulent mansions were looted , posters and portraits of Ben Ali torn down and across the country , government offices , police stations and interior ministry buildings were gutted , burned and left abandoned . A big part of this process targeted the implicit corruption of the Ben Ali administration , the wealthy families surrounding their nebulous of power and breaking down the psychological barriers that had existed under the previous regime , which relied on a systematic framework of intimidation that dominated not only political and economic mechanisms , but an individuals daily interaction with the public and social sphere .
Massive posters of Ben Ali that hung from stadiums , on billboards and public offices were torn down . In many businesses , which had been forced to hang a portrait in a visible place , only a white space remained . This small , individual symbolic act of resistance became a strong collective force as it was incorporated throughout neighborhoods and communities across Tunisia , eager to remove icons associated with the former ruling party . Even in the ancient Medina at the heart of central Tunis , at one of the most touristic government stores that sits in the old 16th century palace of the Bey , the proprietor was excited to show a space now sitting vacant . Among the rows of pictures that line the walls showcasing the dozens of foreign dignitaries to visit the store , they gestured to the US ambassador , then to the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan who had been there only a week earlier before pointing to the blank area : “ Ben Ali degage ! ”
In a small souk in Bab Souika , another neighborhood of Tunis , down a wide alley , where dozens of people mill under broad overhangs draped in dried peppers and bundles of garlic , street vendors sell all varieties of spices , meats , vegetables , pastas and beans . In one of these stalls a fruit vendor who speaks little English pulls out a picture that they keep in their stand , them from a year earlier working at the same stall with a large portrait of Ben Ali hung along their wall . The same space where a poster for their favorite football team now rests , mostly covering up the torn remnants of the old poster . Only a couple blocks away a restaurant owner states their opinion even more clearly . They said that the storefront had belonged to their father , and their father before him , and that under Ben Ali , every store had to have a picture of Ben Ali up , or the police would come and shut the store down , or demand money not too . “ So , after the revolution , what did you do with the picture ? Did you take it down , throw it away or burn it ? ” Their face took on a serious look : “ I ate it . I took it down , ripped it into strips , and ate it . Ten minutes later I was on the toilet . But I would do it again . ”
This iconic image of Ben Ali was also targeted online on Facebook , Twitter and blogs , and throughout the duration of the Arab Spring gained greater symbolic power , as revolution spread to Egypt , Libya , the Middle East , Africa , and the world . One of the most popular pictures became a cartoon with a man standing in front of portraits of Ben Ali , Muammar Gaddafi , Hosni Mubarek , Abdullah Saleh and Bashar al-Assad , a can of red paint in their hand , having just smeared an X over Ben Ali , and later Mubarak and Gaddafi , evolving and reposted as each new dictator fell . In the final version , presidents Saleh and Assad , look down with expressions of fear as the man with the paint , labeled “ ash-shab , ” or the people , approaches .
National compatriots protesting abroad , in front of Tunisian embassies in France , the United States , Britain and elsewhere were able to express themselves more freely than those still in the country , and often chose the symbolic image of Ben Ali to burn as an act of resistance . This act also became identified as an international one of defiance and solidarity , and spread into neighboring countries and across North Africa , where burning pictures of the deposed Tunisian dictator could often be seen next to others from around the region , just as the french term “ Degage ” , first heard on the streets of French and Arab speaking Tunisia , were captured and adapted on the Arab and English-speaking streets of Cairo in Egypt .
Symbols of the corruption and perceived decadence of the former ruling family were also quickly targeted as Ben Ali and their wife Leila Trabelsi fled the country . Across Tunisia , long simmering frustration surfaced as the homes and mansions of the ruling families faced widely supported and systematic looting and destruction . These actions were not of desperation and greed , but actually resulted in a type of ‘ tourism ‘ as hundreds of Tunisians travelled from around the country to visit the houses that had been looted , often hundreds a day to see with their own eyes the lifestyle of the ruling elite , and the reclamation that had taken place .
Symbols of Corruption
In the wealthy suburb of La Marsa , located North-East of Tunis , angry mobs smashed and burned a seaside villa owned by the nephew of former president Ben Ali . Every day , more Tunisians arrived , going through the wreckage and taking pieces of the home , or simply walking through the charred remains and snapping pictures . While rampant looting continued across the country , creating chaos and fear , and was largely attributed Ben Ali loyalists , the destruction of the lavish mansions seemed to have widespread support . One man on the scene , Sami Soukah , when interviewed about the event replied “ They stole the people 's money . We are not sorry that this happened. ” Another angry Tunisian described the home as an “ illegal building ” built on “ illegal land . ”
As when the Berlin Wall fell , many onlookers took small odds and ends , pieces of broken windows or chunks of marble as a souvenir to remind them that “ the dark days were over ” . Two weeks after the flight of Ben Ali , the nephews Mansion remained gutted , described as “ just a shell with an infinity pool filled with debris , wide-screen TV 's smashed , furniture charred , 30 Foot Floor to Ceiling Windows completely shattered ” with a “ smell of fire… strongly present ” . Across the marble tiled walls , in a room with the remnants of a jacuzzi or others overlooking large , terraced tropical gardens and a swimming pool below , large amounts of graffiti read “ The Rich got Richer . The Poor got Poorer ” and “ You killed the people , Ben Ali , ” .
Reinforcing these sentiments was the ransacking of another wealthy villa owned by Moaz Trabelsi , one of the ten brothers of Leila Trabelsi near the coastal city of Hammamet . Even after days of looting , when nothing of value remained , hundreds of people came to visit the wrecked shell . Pointing to a burned Porsche Cayenne , English professor Mounir Khelifa at the University of Tunis called the mansion a “ thief 's ” or “ robber 's house ” as dozens of people milled around , walking through the rubble strewn property “ as if it were a real estate open house . ”
While long mythologized , many ordinary Tunisians were shocked to learn how decadent the lifestyle of the previous ruling family was , unaware until the moment the moderate facades of the houses were stripped away , revealing the lavish interiors . “ All this was bought with our money , with the money and the blood of the Tunisian people , ” said Samira , a health worker . “ Whoever comes next , for sure , will not steal as much as they did . ”
A Wikileaks cable made public in early November of 2010 documented this wealth , highlighting details for what many Tunisians already knew :
“ El-Materi 's house is spacious , and directly above and along the Hammamet public beach… The compound is large and well guarded by government security…The house was recently renovated and includes an infinity pool and a terrace of perhaps 50 meters . While the house is done in a modern style ( and largely white ) , there are ancient artifacts everywhere : Roman columns , frescoes and even a lion 's head from which water pours into the pool. ” The Ambassador also talks about the villa compound that was looted in Al Marsa “ He hopes to move into their new ( and palatial ) house in Sidi Bou Said in eight to ten months… ” and talked about the opulence of the nephews lifestyle “ The dinner included perhaps a dozen dishes , including fish , steak , turkey , octopus , fish couscous and much more . The quantity was sufficient for a very large number of guests . Before dinner a wide array of small dishes were served , along with three different juices ( including Kiwi juice , not normally available here ) . After dinner , they served ice cream and frozen yoghurt they brought in by plane from Saint-Tropez , along with blueberries and raspberries and fresh fruit and chocolate cake ” In addition “ There were at least a dozen people , including a butler from Bangladesh and a nanny from South Africa. ” Which the Ambassador noted was “ …extraordinarily rare in Tunisia , and very expensive ” They also mentioned that “ El Materi has a large tiger ( “ Pasha ” ) on their compound , living in a cage . They acquired it when it was a few weeks old . The tiger consumes four chickens a day. ” US envoys also reported that “ seemingly half ” of the Tunisian business community could claim a Ben Ali connection through marriage and business people have complained that “ unless connected to the family of the president , their ability to grow always hit a ceiling ” .
A big part of this process was breaking down the psychological barriers that had existed under the previous regime , which relied on a complex framework of control dominating not only political and economic mechanisms , but also an individual daily interactions with the public and social sphere . One person on the scene of the ruined houses when asked to describe life under Ben Ali , Amel Jertila , said that “ It was terrible . And you are scared all the time . What if I cross them one day in my life , what will happen to me ? After years of work , we are scared of phantoms that are called Trabelsi and Ben Ali ” .
Children with Paintbrushes
Targeting feared symbols , gathering documents from within to document transparently the extent of government atrocities became a key part in a revolution that sought not only to establish a new political system , but also reclaim the public sphere and redefine their own cultural narrative . One of the most powerful examples of this happened on October 7th , 2011 in downtown Tunis as 13 of the interior ministries ‘ torture chambers ' were opened to children with paint brushes , general members of the public and western journalists for the first time in living memory . As Tunisian journalist Rabii Kalboussi noted , the “ Interior Ministry is an unseen symbol of fear for political opponents and human rights activists… Formerly called ‘ behind the sun ' in Tunisian dialect , the prisons have been spoken of but never witnessed ” . Within the prisons , suspects “ suffered the pain of torture under the former regime 's investigation and state security policies ” .
The event was held as part of the Committee to Investigate Human Rights Abuses attempt to raise awareness of past atrocities , and hold investigations in a transparent manner . As part of the project , officials including Lazhar Akermi , Delegate of the Ministry of the Interior joined with schoolchildren to paint on the walls of the jails as an action “ symbolizing the bringing of light to dark walls . Wall painting can stand for freedom , hope , and now the Tunisian revolution ” . Officials used the opportunity to talk with members of the press to reaffirm their commitment to hold those who committed human rights abuses responsible their actions . A senior figure from the Tajdid opposition party said : “ There has to be profound democratic change but that will be extremely difficult . “ If it works , it could be the first true democracy in the Arab world . But we must be vigilant and avoid all naivety . Totalitarianism and despotism are n't dead . The state is still polluted by that political system , the ancien regime and its symbols which have been in place for 55 years . ”
For many Tunisians , the symbolic power of Ben Ali and the specters of this ancient regime are still very real . This was demonstrated by an experimental media campaign designed by Engagement Citoyen to encourage people to vote in the 23rd of October elections . For the project , members crept into the Tunis suburb of La Goulette ( the port ) and posted a massive portrait of the deposed dictator during the night where their picture had hung seven months earlier , eager to film the reactions of ordinary citizens as they woke up in the morning . Startlement soon turned to confusion and anger as larger and larger groups of people gathered . Before long , a non-verbal consensus was reached and the poster jointly torn down , revealing a new message underneath :
“ Beware , dictatorship can return . Vote ”
Advertisements
Caution : This is an outdated post from November 2013 , for an up-to-date look at WoT 9.0 check out WoT 9.0 and beyond post or take a look at all the posts tagged 9.0 which include screenshots and more .
It has been mentioned multiple times by the developers that WoT 9.0 will be released at the end of this year , around New Year , but no official release date has been set as it normally is n't until the last moment . This will probably change as the current release date of 8.10 is just too close to make this release date real The 0.9.0 version is going to be a big one , bringing Havok phisycs and multi-core support to WoT , but only for Havok running on a separate core at this point . WarGaming is also working on bigger teams ( up to 30 on 30 ) and bigger maps , where the bigger maps could come in 9.0 , but nothing has been confirmed though , as this is still much a work in progress , with a high probability of a version 8.10 coming before ( 24.10 Q & A FTR ) . The information is conflicting right now to say the least , as the developers are n't consistent at all when talking about version 9.0 . Sometimes they refer to it as the next patch , sometimes they mention another update coming before that .
The Japanese have since been confirmed for 8.10 , but there are a couple of vehicle rumors floating around , that came from a Chinese site , which might not be the most reliable source , but I 'm posting this anyway :
– IS-7 will be getting a gun swap , currently it has the S-70 ; in 9.0 , it will have the S-70A and that will be a penetration nerf to 239mm and 4 rounds per minute
– IS-4 will be getting a frontal armour buff , ( 140mm to 160mm ) and a gun swap : S-70 but lower health
– AMX 50B will be getting a decreased speed , 65 to 60 , lower health ( 2100 to 2050 ) and Better Rounds per minute ( 3 to 2.7 ) and aiming time ( 2.5 to 2.3 sec )
– AMX Foch ROF and Speed/Armour will be nerfed ( has not been confirmed due to a debate )
– T-57 ROF will be nerfed ( 25sec to 28sec ) and HP nerf ( 2250 to 2100 )
– FV4202 will be getting an armour buff ( to 133mm ) and speed increase to 45
– Object 430 will be added , its a prototype of the MBT T-64 ( USSR ) ( was said for 8.10 in another “ more official ” release )
– T110e5 ROF changed to 6.68 rounds per minute and armour buff 254mm to 264mm
Source : http : //wot.yzz.cn/focus/2013,702080.shtml / translated by by CoolAndy34 from the NA forums
The information above , coming from the Chinese site has apparently been debunked and does not represent changes coming with the 9.0 ( thanks to a very kind warning from SilentStalker )
Not much news about upcoming premiums , we know that the Russian premium T-44-85 has been postponed from 8.9 , it 's going to be rebalanced and supposedly not coming even with 9.0 yet .
The Havok physics engine really sounds promising visually as it will bring bending antennas , animations of building destruction and explosions , it 's pretty but it does n't affect gameplay , players will be able to enable it , if they have GTX-470 level or better graphics cards . ( source : Veider Q & A on FTR ) . The suspension and track will also get a separate model now , making the tanks move much more realistically over terrain and tank models affected visually by explosions instead of just textures like now .
Some guys caught up with SerB in person on a conference , where they confirmed the New Year release date and also shared a little more , including that turrets being ripped off by ammorack explosions will come and that the amount of polygons on tank will be increased three times ( 10 thousand to 30 thousand ) , some vehicles will have even 50 thousand , this graphics improvement will also come in 2014 .
They also mentioned that the spotting system will be reworked , a tank with only a tiny bit sticking out behind an obstacle will be harder to spot , new clanwars options that have now been officially announced ( Recruiting station ) and confirmed that KV-1S will be split into 2 tanks , historical KV-85 will be on tier 5 with current speed/agility , on tier 6 there will be KV-85/122 , with seriously nerfed speed/agility , but it will keep the 122mm gun , ( Source : Meeting with SerB – FTR ) which seems to have been later confirmed by SerB in the Q & As .
And for those of you who do n't like the MM , for now the MM has not been touched . The chat system is getting a complete rework , which will probably be released with the 9.0 and server roaming will probably also be implemented as there is more and more official mentions of it , regarding rules and sanctions as well .
There 's also been a stream of Storm answers on livejournal that has been partially translated on FTR , related to future improvements , some of which will be implemented this year and some relating to 2014 . Here 's a recap of the most interesting things SerB said :
– there will be a HD client with lots of graphic improvements , like turrets and pieces of tank ( like boxes ) being ripped off by fire , reflections etc . The amount of polygons and quality of textures will be improved . There will be new layers of textures , that will look properly under different light – grass will be grass , mesh will be mesh etc . There will also be independent suspension . This will be possible to disable , new computers will be able to work with it , old computers will be able to work with graphic level as it is now , which probably means that you will be able to disable Havok enhancements as well as other graphical improvements somehow for older computers .
– small things currently only in mods will also be added , such as traverse angles in aim circle , improved tank selection ( carousel ) in garage etc .
– WG is working on new sounds , all I can say is finally…
– visuals will be reworked , various limits will be removed , like roadwheels not being covered in camo
– camo system will be reworked , for example bushes will no longer be boxes , but will have round shapes for camo purposes
– WG will try to make it so that players , using mods have fewer problems with each new patch . It 's possible a special source for “ approved ” mods will come next year
– there are plans for American medium branch , French mediums and heavies , British medium branch , Sturmtiger branch – those are the groups from which the tanks will be picked for 2014 patches , in 2014 we will see approximately 3 new branches
– there will be TD assault guns ! With them the option of disabling the horizontal autoaim will come , so you will be able to lob huge slow powerful shells over hills
– the disabled horizontal autoaim will be a separate aiming mode “ like in Battlefield ”
– there will be an active rangefinder ( measuring range to everything , not just enemy tanks )
– new Chinese will most likely not come in 2014 at all
Not much else right now otherwise , so I 'll leave you with a Havok engine demo that 's quite nice , but not really a representation of anything…
YouTube responded to TubePress with an HTTP 410 – No longer available
TUSCALOOSA -- One of the unheralded heroes on Alabama 's defense over the course of their entire career has been defensive lineman Dalvin Tomlinson , a player that has achieved and grown so much in five seasons .
Wednesday evening , following the Crimson Tide 's third practice of LSU week , Alabama head coach Nick Saban was asked about Tomlinson , and Saban provided some high praise for their fifth-year senior defensive end .
“ Dalvin is one of those guys that has been through a lot personally here , family-wise , ” Saban said in a post-practice press conference . “ He also went through a lot themselves in terms of two knee injuries that set them back . You 're talking about a guy that is a great example of perseverance . They always seem to make the obstacle the way to get better and improve . ”
( What 's the latest with the Tide ? Make sure you know by signing up for our FREE Alabama newsletter ! )
Losing both of their parents -- their father when they were five years old and their mother just before their senior year at Henry County -- and overcoming injuries early on in their college career , Tomlinson has used football and other mediums to overcome the adversity they have faced . Outside of excelling on the gridiron , the senior is also an avid artist and musician in their free time .
Tomlinson has quietly been one of the most productive players on the Tide 's top-ranked team through eight weeks . Registering 25 tackles , three pass breakups , 2.5 tackles for loss , two sacks , two quarterback hurries and one forced fumble , the McDonaugh , Ga. , native has been a big reason for Alabama 's success in stopping the run and applying pressure to quarterbacks in 2016 .
But their quiet leadership and example on and off the field have also been a beneficial asset for the Tide .
“ As fine a person and as fine a young man as you 're ever going to find , ” Saban said . “ I do n't think in all the time he 's been here , he 's ever been in my office for anything that he 's ever done wrong or disrespectful in any way , shape or form .
“ He 's certainly represented the program in a first-class way . They got bigger and stronger and was very productive for us a year ago , and he 's been even more productive for us this year . We 're really pleased with not only the player but also the person , the student and how he 's represented the institution . ”
As one of the most feared players on the team , especially when it comes to impromptu wrestling matches in the locker room , Tomlinson is a gentle giant . And that 's something their teammates appreciate about the defensive lineman .
“ He 's a guy who always comes with their hard hat , ” linebacker Shaun Hamilton said of Tomlinson . “ He does n't talk much , but he 's about their business . I love them for that because you know he 's going to come to work everyday and not say anything and just do what they have to do . ”
Be sure to enjoy VIP access to BamaOnLine with our FREE trial until Jan. 1 , 2017 promotional offer .
Scientists have developed an on-chip component that entangles photons , bringing quantum technology to traditional silicon chips for the first time .
The component , known as a silicon-ring resonator , makes use of the unusual quantum phenomenon of entanglement , which allows two particles to form an instantaneous connection no matter how far away they are from each other .
Entanglement of light particles could be revolutionary for computing , transforming everything from communications to cybersecurity .
However , the new component is most significant for its scale .
Other photon-entangling technologies – known as micro-ring resonators – have previously been developed , but with a diameter of a few millimeters were far too large to fit onto a silicon chip .
The newly developed silicon-ring resonator is based on the same design but considerably smaller , allowing it to fit on a silicon chip .
“ The diameter of the ring resonator is a mere 20 microns , which is about one-tenth of the width of a human hair . Previous sources were hundreds of times larger than the one we developed , ” explained Daniele Bajoni study co-author and researcher at the Università degli Studi di Pavia , Italy .
This difference in size is extremely important , as it makes it possible to bring quantum technology to traditional computers .
“ In the last few years , silicon integrated devices have been developed to filter and route light , mainly for telecommunication applications , ” said Bajoni .
“ Our micro-ring resonators can be readily used alongside these devices , moving us toward the ability to fully harness entanglement on a chip . ”
According to The Optical Society , which published the findings today in the journal Optica , the research could enable quantum technologies that have already been developed to be adopted on a wider scale .
“ What has been missing was a cheap , small , and reliable source of entangled photons capable of propagation in fiber networks , a problem that is apparently solved by their innovation , ” the society explained .
One example of this is the transmission of unbreakable quantum cryptography protocols , which are designed to provide truly secure data transmission but can not work on existing infrastructure .
Looking further ahead , photon entanglement could even pave the way for instant data transmission , transforming whole areas of technology .
Silicon-ring resonators are based on the established micro-ring resonators , which take the form of a series of tiny loops etched onto wafers of silicon .
Each loop functions as a collector of photons , which it then re-emits .
The researchers have updated the design so that the silicon-ring resonators provide a new source of entangled photons while being small and efficient enough to be incorporated into a chip .
As part of this design , a laser beam is directed onto the silicon loops in the same direction as the photons being captured , allowing it to function as a power source for the loop-like resonator .
When the researchers analysed the photons being fired out , they found that a large number of them had become entangled .
“ Our device is capable of emitting light with striking quantum mechanical properties never observed in an integrated source , ” said Bajoni .
“ The rate at which the entangled photons are generated is unprecedented for a silicon-integrated source , and comparable with that available from bulk crystals that must be pumped by very strong lasers . ”
Image courtesy of the Università degli Studi di Pavia .
There are 57 Trophies that can be earned in this title .
Show/hide completed trophies Status : Visible Show/hide secret trophies Status : Visible
Acquired All Trophies
Solved 50 cases .
50 Digimon registered in the Digimon Field Guide .
Collected 50 types of Digimon medals . ( 1 )
Fought in over 500 battles .
Won the Platinum Cup in the Offline Colosseum .
Maximized CAM of a single Digimon .
Maximized ABI of a single Digimon .
Digivolved 30 Digimon to Ultimate .
Acquired over one million yen . ( 2 )
Achieved 30 victories in Colosseum battles . ( 9 )
Secret Trophies
It 's me , Mr. Navit ! Are you enjoying Digimon Capture ? Ca n't wait to see what you guys get up to !
Never thought I 'd get an assistant like this . And that half-cyber body ... heh . It seems things are about to get interesting .
EDEN Syndrome , and that gloomy woman ... Your fate as a cyber sleuth has only just begun !
Why did Agumon and the other Digimon come to EDEN ? Better think on it all night long ! Not that there 's night in EDEN ...
Eaters , a `` white ghost boy , '' and now a cyber sleuth ? Cool ! About time I got in on this party !
Kamishiro 's pulling the strings behind the hacker revolt ? If that 's true , I got ta do something as leader of the Zaxons !
All things change , and more phenomena are explained every day ! Youthful curiosity plays a key role in this , do n't you think ? Tee-hee ...
That ugly thing looked like it has n't given up . Bring it anytime , I 'll clean your clock .
That conceited Arata 's proposing infiltration , but these are two separate things ! Time for the Rebels !
The first victim of EDEN Syndrome ... just who is it ? Also ... that coffee is n't fit for human consumption ...
My name is Omnimon . I must convey to you the crisis approaching your world and mine !
What the ! ? Just as I think I 've saved Yuuko , how come you 're the one who 's disappeared now ! ?
That Arata ... What 's they thinking of doing on their own ! ? Hurry back , Little Kyoko ... They 're gon na need your help !
You found my lil ' partner ! Not bad ! I 'll call you again if something comes up ! ... Refuse , and I 'll arrest you .
I know you must be worried about Arata Sanada 's whereabouts , but there 's something you got ta do now . ... Time for a counterattack .
Me 'n ' Veevee are happy to have more allies ! ... But wait , what happened to the kid ! ? That right arm does n't look good , ya know ! ?
People ca n't help but laugh at the unsightliness that accompanies change , yes ? It 's a much better look than succumbing to sadness , though .
Before I knew it I was back in Akihabara ... but why just me ? Does this mean ... Did I get revenge for my father ?
The five of us are childhood friends ? Kyoko is a Digimon ! ? Wasabi , hatcho miso and cream cheese ! ? Argh , my head ! ! !
Fools . Every last one of you is a total fool . ... Even so , you 're my friends . Let 's go , our fifth friend is waiting for us .
See you tomorrow !
Attained maximum sleuth rank .
100 Digimon registered in the Digimon Field Guide .
200 Digimon registered in the Digimon Field Guide .
Collected 100 types of Digimon medals .
Collected 200 types of Digimon medals .
Collected 300 types of Digimon medals .
Collected 400 types of Digimon medals .
Collected all Digimon medals . ( 12 )
Inflicted more than 999 points of damage in one attack . ( 1 )
Unleash a combo with three or more moves . ( 1 )
Fought in over 1,000 battles .
Won the Legendary Cup in the Offline Colosseum .
Won the Master Cup in the Offline Colosseum .
Maximized CAM of 30 Digimon . ( 3 )
Maximized ABI of 10 Digimon .
Raised a single Digimon to the maximum level ( level 99 ) .
Digivolved 30 Digimon to Mega .
Get five islands on your DigiFarm .
Raised the rank of a Farm Island to maximum .
Raised the rank of all Farm Islands to maximum .
Filled one Farm Island with Digimon .
Filled all Farm Islands with Digimon .
Feed Digimon 100 times .
Replied to 30 DigiLine messages .
Posh diners are swallowing up yet another species from the ocean : the European seabass . The population of the once populous fish has plummeted 32 % since 2009 and has hit a 20-year low , according to the International Council for the Exploration of the Seas ( ICES ) , a European science council . The group says fishermen from the UK , Channel Islands , Belgium , Netherlands , Denmark and France should slash their combined catches of seabass by 36 % .
How has yet another fish joined the list of threatened marine species ? The European seabass—known as branzino or loup de mer in the US , and not to be confused with the Chilean seabass—is popular year-round in Italy , particularly around Christmas , when fish are traditionally eaten . In the last decade or so , consumption has also taken off in Spain , Greece and Turkey , particularly during tourist season . More recently , it 's emerged as a British culinary craze , becoming the darling of celebrity chefs like Nigella Lawson , Gordon Ramsey and Jamie Oliver . Britons bought £30 million ( $ 48 million ) worth of seabass in 2012 , an increase of more than 10 % from 2011 .
In fact , in all major markets , it 's usually eaten in restaurants ( pdf , p.108 ) , usually fancy ones . That 's due in part to its high price , but also because seabass filled in as severely overfished species like cod and haddock dropped off menus .
Around 150,000 tonnes were consumed globally last year , including nearly 2,500 tonnes of the tender white fish in the United States , according to National Marine Fisheries Service data .
But almost all of those seabass were n't wild-caught ; they were raised via sea cages , land farms and other farming methods ( those include raising them in a nuclear reactor cooling system ) , most of which takes place in Greece , Spain and Cyprus . Even in the US , American chefs have taken a shine to farmed European seabass , even as they tend to poo-poo farm-raised fish of other species .
This might seem odd given that farmed seabass carries the risk of antibiotics-doping and unclean conditions . But it 's also much , much cheaper . Wild seabass currently fetches up to $ 30 per kilogram ( $ 13.60 per pound ) , according to the latest market prices from Globefish . Farmed seabass cost around $ 13 per kilo , though it can go for as low as $ 4 per kilo .
That huge premium probably has less to do with the Nigella and Gordon effect than the fact that wild fish are getting scarcer , fast . EU fishermen only caught 4,060 tonnes ( 4,475 tons ) last year , down from the peak of 4,758 tonnes in 2010 , and a fairly steady decline since 2006 , when fishermen landed 4,522 tonnes .
​
ICES is asking EU fishermen to catch only 2,070 tonnes in the next year to help revive the seabass stock . That already is n't sitting well with EU fishermen . “ A cut of 36 % would decimate us , I 'm only catching around five fish a day and going down to two or three would put me out of business , ” Andy Alcock , secretary of a British fishermen 's guild , told the Dorset Echo .
For now , the EU has n't set limits on seabass . But once it does , Alcock will have to move on to another fish whose days are numbered .
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless .
Though it is common to lament the shortcomings of reading an important work in any language other than the original and of the “ impossibility ” of translation , I am convinced that works of philosophy ( or literature for that matter — are they different ? ) in fact gain far more than they lose in translation .
Consider Heidegger . Had it not been for their French translators and commentators , German philosophy of their time would have remained an obscure metaphysical thicket . And it was not until Derrida 's own take on Heidegger found an English readership in the United States and Britain that the whole Heidegger-Derridian undermining of metaphysics began to shake the foundations of the Greek philosophical heritage . One can in fact argue that much of contemporary Continental philosophy originates in German with significant French and Italian glosses before it is globalized in the dominant American English and assumes a whole new global readership and reality . This has nothing to do with the philosophical wherewithal of German , French or English . It is entirely a function of the imperial power and reach of one language as opposed to others .
I . The Mother Tongue
At various points in history , one language or another — Latin , Persian , Arabic — was the lingua franca of philosophical thinking . Now it is English . And for all we know it might again turn around and become Chinese .
In 11th century Iran , the influential philosopher Avicenna wrote most of their work in Arabic . One day their patron prince , who did not read Arabic , asked whether Avicenna would mind writing their works in Persian instead , so that they could understand them . Avicenna obliged and wrote an entire encyclopedia on philosophy for the prince and named it after him , “ Danesh-nameh Ala ' i . ”
Avicenna was of course not the only who had opted to write their philosophical work in Arabic . So did al-Ghazali ( circa 1058-1111 ) and Shihab al-Din Yahya al-Suhrawardi ( circa 1155-1208 ) — who were both perfectly capable of writing in their mother tongue of Persian and had in fact occasionally done so , notably al-Ghazali in their “ Kimiya-ye Sa'adat ” ( a book on moral philosophy ) and As-Suhrawardi in their magnificent short allegorical treatises . But in Avicenna 's time , Arabic was so solidly established in its rich and triumphant philosophical vocabulary that no serious philosopher would opt to write their major works in any other language . Persian philosophical prose had to wait for a couple of generations after Avicenna . With the magnificent work of Afdal al-din Kashani ( died circa 1214 ) and that of Avicenna 's follower Khwajah Muhammad ibn Hasan al-Tusi ( 1201-1274 ) — particularly “ Asas al-Iqtibas ” — Persian philosophical prose achieved its zenith .
Photo
Today the term “ Persian philosophy ” is not so easy to separate from “ Islamic philosophy , ” much of which is indeed in Arabic . This was the case even in the 16th century , when Mulla Sadra wrote nearly their entire major opus in Arabic . Although some major philosophers in the 19th and 20th centuries did write occasionally in Persian , it was not until Allameh Muhammad Iqbal ( 1877-1938 ) opted to write their major philosophical works in Persian that Persian philosophical prose resumed a serious significance in the larger Muslim context . ( Iqbal also wrote major treatises on Persian philosophy in English . )
It is Amir Hossein Aryanpour 's magnificent Persian translation of Muhammad Iqbal 's “ The Development of Metaphysics in Persia ” ( 1908 ) , which they rendered as “ Seyr-e Falsafeh dar Iran ( “ The Course of Philosophy in Iran , ” 1968 ) , that stands now in my mind as the paramount example of excellence in Persian philosophical prose and a testimony to how philosophical translation is a key component of our contemporary intellectual history . If there were a world for philosophy , or if philosophy were to be worldly , these two men , philosopher and translator , having graced two adjacent philosophical worlds , would be among its most honored citizens .
II . Two Teachers
It is impossible to exaggerate the enduring debt of gratitude that my generation of Iranians have to Aryanpour ( 1925-2001 ) , one of the most influential social theorists , literary critics , philosophers and translators of their time and for us a wide and inviting window to the rich and emancipatory world of critical thinking in my homeland . They are today remembered for generations of students they taught at Tehran University and beyond and for a rich array of their path-breaking books they wrote or translated and that enabled and paved the way for us to wider philosophical imagination .
Having been exposed to both scholastic and modern educational systems , and widely and deeply educated in Iran ( Tehran University ) , Lebanon ( American University in Beirut ) , England ( Cambridge ) and the United States ( Princeton ) , Aryanpour was a cosmopolitan thinker and a pioneering figure who promoted a dialectical ( jadali ) disposition between the material world and the world of ideas . Today , more than 40 years after I arrived in Tehran from my hometown of Ahvaz in late summer 1970 to attend college , I still feel under my skin the excitement and joy of finding out how much there was to learn from a man whose name was synonymous with critical thinking , theorizing social movements and above all with the discipline of sociology .
Aryanpour was the product of many factors : Reza Shah 's heavy-handed , state-sponsored “ modernization ” ; the brief post-World War II intellectual flowering ; travels and higher education in Iran , the Arab world , Europe and the United States ; the McCarthy witch hunts of the 1950s ; and finally the C.I.A.-sponsored coup of 1953 , after which university campuses in their homeland became the primary site of their intellectual leadership of a whole new generation . They were a pain in the neck of both the Pahlavi monarchy and of the Islamic Republic that succeeded it , making them at times dogmatic in their own positions , but always path-breaking in a mode of dialectical thinking that became the staple of their students , both those who were fortunate enough to have known and worked with them directly and of millions of others ( like me ) who benefited from their work from a distance .
Aryanpour was sacked from their teaching position at the theology faculty in 1976 , retired in 1980 , and just before their death on July 30 , 2001 , one of their last public acts was to sign a letter denouncing censorship in the Islamic republic .
Related More From The Stone Read previous contributions to this series .
Their legendary translation of and expanded critical commentary on Iqbal 's “ Development of Metaphysics in Persia ” became the first and foremost text of my generation 's encounter not only with a learned history of philosophy in our homeland , but also with a far wider and more expansive awareness of the world of philosophy . It is impossible to exaggerate the beautiful , overwhelming , exciting and liberating first reading of that magnificent text by a wide-eyed provincial boy having come to the capital of their moral and intellectual imagination .
Iqbal was born and raised in Punjab , British India ( Pakistan today ) , to a devout Muslim family , educated by both Muslim teachers and at the Scotch Mission College in Sialkot , growing up multilingual and polycultural . After an unhappy marriage and subsequent divorce , Iqbal studied philosophy , English , Arabic and Persian literatures at the Government College in Lahore , where they were deeply influenced by Thomas Arnold , who became a conduit for their exposure to European thought , an exposure that ultimately resulted in their traveling to Europe for further studies .
While in England , Iqbal received a bachelor 's degree from Trinity College , Cambridge , in 1907 , around when their first Persian poems began to surface . As they became increasingly attracted to politics , they also managed to write their doctoral dissertation on “ The Development of Metaphysics in Persia , ” with Friedrich Hommel . Reading “ Seyr-e Falsafeh dar Iran , ” Aryanpour 's Persian translation of Iqbal 's seminal work , became a rite of passage for my generation of college students eager to discover our philosophical heritage .
We grew up and matured into a much wider circle of learning about Islamic philosophy and the place of Iranians in that tradition . There were greener pastures , more learned philosophers who beckoned to our minds and souls . We learned of the majestic writings of Seyyed Jalal Ashtiani , chief among many other philosophical sages of our time , who began to guide our ways into the thicket of Persian and Arabic philosophical thinking . But the decidedly different disposition of Allameh Iqbal in Aryanpour 's translation was summoned precisely in the fact that it had not reached us through conventional scholastic routes and was deeply informed by the worldly disposition of our own defiant time . In this text we were reading a superlative Persian prose from a Pakistani philosopher who had come to fruition in both colonial subcontinent and the postcolonial cosmopolis . There was a palpable worldliness in that philosophical prose that became definitive to my generation .
III . Beyond East and West
When today I read a vacuous phrase like “ the Western mind ” — or “ the Iranian mind , ” “ the Arab Mind ” or “ the Muslim Mind , ” for that matter — I cringe . I wonder what “ the Western mind ” can mean when reading the Persian version of a Pakistani philosopher 's English prose composed in Germany on an aspect of Islamic philosophy that was particular to Iran ? Look at the itinerary of a philosopher like Allameh Iqbal ; think about a vastly learned and deeply caring intellect like Amir Hossein Aryanpour . Where is “ the Western mind ” in those variegated geographies of learning , and where “ the Eastern mind ” ? What could they possibly mean ?
The case of “ Seyr-e Falsafeh dar Iran ” was prototypical of my generation 's philosophical education — we read left , right and center , then north and south from the Indian subcontinent to Western Europe and North America , Latin America and postcolonial Africa with a voracious worldliness that had no patience for the East or West of any colonial geography . We were philosophically “ in the world , ” and our world was made philosophical by an imaginative geography that knew neither East nor West .
Works of philosophy — and their readers — gain in translation not just because their authors begin to breathe in a new language but because the text signals a world alien to its initial composition . Above all they gain because these authors and their texts have to face a new audience . Plato and Aristotle have had a life in Arabic and Persian entirely alien to the colonial codification of “ Western philosophy ” — and the only effective way to make the foreign echoes of that idea familiar is to make the familiar tropes of “ Western philosophy ” foreign .
Hamid Dabashi is the Hagop Kevorkian Professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in New York , where they live with their family . They are the author of numerous books on the social and intellectual history of Iran and Islam , including “ The World of Persian Literary Humanism . ”
PORTLAND , Ore. ( Reuters ) - Oregon is poised to dramatically expand access to birth control after Governor Kate Brown signed laws that will allow women to get a yearlong supply of oral contraceptives directly from pharmacists without a trip to the doctor , lawmakers and a legal expert said on Tuesday .
An illustration picture shows a woman holding a birth control pill at their home in Nice January 3 , 2013 . REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
“ I would say Oregon is definitely at the forefront , ” said Mara Gandal-Powers , counsel for the National Women 's Law Center , a Washington , D.C.-based non-profit advocacy group .
One measure , signed by Brown on Monday , allows women to get birth control pills directly from a pharmacist without a doctor 's visit or prescription . Oregon is the second state behind California to pass such regulations .
The other law allows women to obtain a yearlong supply of birth control at a time rather than having to come back every 30 or 90 days , the first such measure in the nation , Brown said after signing the measure last month .
The laws will take effect early next year .
The District of Columbia also has approved a law allowing women to obtain a year 's worth of birth control supplies but it must be approved by Congress before becoming law , Gandal-Powers said .
The two Oregon laws faced opposition from some Republicans who warned of increased healthcare costs and from the Oregon Catholic Conference , which opposes birth control pills on religious grounds .
The Oregon bill that allows pharmacists to directly prescribe oral contraceptives came after bipartisan lawmakers who are also physicians studied California 's proposal .
“ Oregon is now the easiest place in the nation for women to access birth control , ” Republican state Representative Knute Buehler , who sponsored the bill , said in a statement .
The Oregon Health Authority and Oregon Board of Pharmacists will be responsible for structuring rules to ensure safety , Buehler said .
The other law , granting a year 's supply of pills , was initiated by a Democratic lawmaker who cited studies showing the rates of unintended pregnancy and abortion decrease significantly when women receive a one-year supply of oral contraceptives , instead of in one- or three-month intervals .
The law also requires insurance companies to reimburse patients all at once .
Brown said the measure will benefit women who lack the ability to travel for frequent doctor appointments , such as those living in rural areas or attending college .
In a case of mistaken identity , the man that police thought was involved in a serious car accident after a police chase in January , a convicted drug dealer , Andrew “ Moe ” Parra , was actually someone else .
Danbury police believed that Parra , a Waterbury native , with a long criminal history was seriously hurt in January after they crashed their car on Route 7 while trying to evade authorities .
On Thursday , it was discovered that the man who ran from police was not Parra , after the real Parra was arrested yesterday for crashing into two police cars , police said .
Danbury police observed the real Parra driving a white Nissan SUV on Thursday and since they have outstanding warrants , police attempted to stop him , according to the police report . Parra tried to drive off , but crashed into two unmarked police cars .
Parra and two other men in the car were removed and officers saw a large quantity of illegal drugs in plain view within the passenger compartment , police said . None of the men would claim ownership of the drugs , so they were all arrested .
Parra was charged with possession of narcotics , possession of crack cocaine , possession narcotics with intent to sell , possession of narcotics within 1,500 feet of a school , possession of narcotics with intent to sell within 1,500 feet of a school , possession of a controlled substance , interfering with the duties of an officer , reckless endangerment , operating a car with a suspended license and for parole absconder .
They are being held on a $ 200,000 bond and is awaiting arraignment .
Joseph Parra , 28 , and Henry Austin , 25 , both from Waterbury , were charged with possession of narcotics , possession of crack cocaine , possession narcotics with intent to sell , possession of narcotics within 1,500 feet of a school , possession of narcotics with intent to sell within 1,500 feet of a school , possession of a controlled substance and interfering with the duties of an officer .
Austin is being held on a $ 100,00 bond and Joseph Parra a $ 150,000 bond .
Police are not releasing the name of the man who was involved in the January accident or saying how there was an identity mix up , since it is still an open investigation .
On Jan. 20 , a man thought to be Parra , refused to stop for officers who were conducting an undercover narcotics investigation in Danbury , police said . After officers called off the pursuit , the man crashed three miles away on Route 7 northbound . The accident closed one northbound lane and backed up traffic for miles during rush hour .
Police originally went after who they thought was Parra , because Parra had an outstanding $ 50,000 warrant on narcotics charges and for leading officers in a previous pursuit , was seen during the afternoon in an area known for drug activity .
Officers in an unmarked police car followed them to Franklin Street , where they entered a home . Officers tried to stop them they returned to their car , but they drove away , police said .
Several police cars joined the pursuit , but the man “ had no intention of obeying the emergency signals of a marked patrol unit and instead rapidly accelerated , ” police said .
About 15 minutes after Danbury police called off the pursuit , State Police reported the man 's car had crashed on Route 7 northbound , about three miles away . No other vehicles were involved in the crash .
The Brookfield Fire Department pulled the man from their car . They were taken to Danbury Hospital and later sent to Westchester Medical Center for additional treatment . Their condition was not immediately known on Wednesday .
The man faces charges of operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license , engaging police in a pursuit and reckless driving .
David Cameron famously forgot how many homes they owned — and now their stepfather-in-law ca n't decide whether they own a massive country estate on the Scottish island of Jura .
What 's more , the Astor family — whose hereditary peerage still allows Samantha Cameron 's stepfather William Astor to sit in the House of Lords — have their 18,736-acre Tarbert Estate owned via a company registered in a , errrr , Caribbean tax haven . The holidaying Cameron family enjoyed the charms of the island first hand as recently as 2013 .
The code of conduct for peers clearly states that land or property holdings must be listed in the Register of Lords ' interests — but Astor only lists a partnership in a tenant of the island , ostensibly concerned with sporting pursuits :
This apparent confusion was previously probed by Scottish landholdings expert Andy Wightman ( @ andywightman ) :
“ I contacted the officials responsible for maintaining the Register to check that , in fact Mr Astor had no further interest in the estate . They said that the matter would be investigated . Meanwhile I emailed them directly and they replied that their children , Flora , William and James , owned the beneficial interest in the Bahamas company .
But if their children own the estate ( via the Bahamas ) why was Lord Astor 's recent Spectator column broadside against mooted SNP land reforms — described as a “ Mugabe-style land grab ” — bursting with references to their own landowner status ?
“ Are we estate owners now to be nationalised or made to feel so unwelcome that we have to sell up in a Mugabe-style land grab ? It would be a pity , but we are accused of owning too much . Are we really going to have to defend owning so many acres of hill when 500 acres of hill may be only worth the same or even less than one acre of good farmland in the lowlands of Scotland ?
They ca n't have it both ways . Do they own the estate or not ?
Perhaps the House of Lords Commissioner for Standards can help to jog their memory .
Hugh Jackman 's second solo outing as the adamantium-clawed Logan may not have set the box-office alight domestically , with The Wolverine earning just $ 132.1 million during its North American run – the lowest of any X-Men movie to date . However , the James Mangold-directed solo sequel has enjoyed healthy returns internationally and , having opened strongly in China two weeks back , the film has surpassed the $ 407.7 million worldwide haul of Bryan Singer 's X2 : X-Men United this past weekend to become the second-highest grossing instalment in 20th Century Fox 's X-Men franchise behind 2006 's X-Men : The Last Stand .
The Wolverine is based upon Chris Claremont and Frank Miller 's acclaimed 1981 miniseries and sees Logan heading to Japan at the behest of Shingen ( Hiroyuki Sanada ) , an old acquaintance who claims they can put an end to Logan 's immortality . Also featuring in the cast are Will Yun Lee ( Total Recall ) as Kenuichio Harada , Brian Tee ( The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift ) as Noburo Mori , Svetlana Khodchenkova ( Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy ) as Viper and newcomers newcomers Rila Fukushima as Yukio and Tao Okamoto as Mariko , while Famke Janssen also reprises the role of Jean Grey .
Given the global success of The Wolverine , Fox must certainly have high hopes for next year 's X-Men offering , when Jackman is thrown in alongside a veritable who 's who of the X-Men franchise for Bryan Singer 's X-Men : Days of Future Past , which features an enormous ensemble including James McAvoy ( Professor X ) , Michael Fassbender ( Magneto ) , Jennifer Lawrence ( Mystique ) , Nicholas Hoult ( Beast ) , Patrick Stewart ( Professor X ) , Ian McKellen ( Magneto ) , Lucas Till ( Havok ) , Halle Berry ( Storm ) , Anna Paquin ( Rogue ) , Ellen Page ( Kitty Pryde ) , Shawn Ashmore ( Iceman ) , Daniel Cudmore ( Colossus ) , Evan Peters ( Quicksilver ) , Booboo Stewart ( Warpath ) , Omar Sy ( Bishop ) , Fan Bingbing ( Blink ) , Adam Canto ( Sunspot ) , Josh Helman ( William Stryker ) and Peter Dinklage ( Bolivar Trask ) . Be sure to check back here tomorrow for the very first trailer…
GAME 15 DRUNKEN RANT
Cincinnati Bengals ( 5-8 ) @ Minnesota Vikings ( 10-3 )
CAUTION : DRUNKEN EXPLETIVE-FILLED RANT ABOUT THE BENGALS FOLLOWS .
/start rant
Alright , I 'm going to quickly gloss over the absolute and thorough beat down the Bengals received at the hands of the Vikings so I can get to the shit you really want to talk about .
By the numbers :
1 – The number of first downs the Bengals had in the first half .
– The number of first downs the Bengals had in the first half . 7 % – Bengals third down conversion rate .
– Bengals third down conversion rate . 161 – Total yards of offense by the Bengals .
– Total yards of offense by the Bengals . 39 – The age of the guy who came exploding out of their wheelchair in the retirement home to pick off Andy Dalton .
– The age of the guy who came exploding out of their wheelchair in the retirement home to pick off Andy Dalton . 34-7 – The final score .
– The final score . 0 – The collective number of shits given .
The Bengals did n't lose because they were fucking heartbroken over the news of Marvin Lewis leaving ( allegedly ) ; they lost because they were ill-prepared , under-coached and out-played by a vastly superior Minnesota Vikings team . They got their shit pushed in by the long , throbbing coaching prowess of the guy that should currently be at the helm of this team .
I fucking miss you , Zim .
In an alternate universe where we had anyone other than Mike Brown at the helm – you 'd be our coach and you 'd be leading us to the Promised Land .
I do n't want to talk about that game because I sure as fuck do n't care and I know you do n't either ; there 's a far more interesting news story that developed over the weekend .
The UC Bearcats going to UCLA and laying down the fucking lumber on the Bruins . Awwww yeeeeeeeah .
Right ! ? Right ? No ?
Fine…
Alright , * sigh * let 's talk about Marvin Lewis .
The Marvin Lewis news week started before the big story dropped on Sunday , it started earlier in the week when they said that it 's “ not my responsibility ” to get their players motivated to play .
The fuck you just say , Marv ? Are you fucking serious ? Do you think you 'd ever hear Mike Zimmer say that ? Mike Tomlin ? No , you would n't , because those guys are fucking football coaches .
Now , do n't get me wrong , I would like to think that our players have their own motivation $ to fucking try and I know that not all players respond to that rah-rah shit , but come oooooon . It may not be “ your job ” to motivate your players , but it 's the job of the organization to energize your fan base and how the fuck do you think we feel after hearing shit like that ?
Do you think we should give two tits on a Ritz whether or not you beat the Lions ? Fuck , man . I hope you lose , Marvin . I hope you get your ham shanks slapped on Sunday . This attitude is a big middle finger to the fan base and to this city and you can take that finger and shove it right up your ass .
Dick .
Back in 2003 , Marvin Lewis took over a Bengals team that had only 5 playoffs wins in franchise history . In 2017 , after 15 years , Marvin Lewis will leave a Bengals team that has only 5 playoffs wins in franchise history . — Elite Andy Dalton ( @ EvilAndyDalton ) December 17 , 2017
Now , as for “ the news ” . Adam Schefter broke the story about two hours before kickoff that Marvin Lewis would be leaving the team after this season .
BREAKING : After 15 seasons in Cincinnati , Marvin Lewis is planning to leave the Bengals after this season to pursue opportunities elsewhere . pic.twitter.com/U9oEIa3YjA — Cincinnati Problems ( @ CincyProblems ) December 17 , 2017
LET 'S CELEBRATE ! Right ? Right ? !
Finally we are free .
Finally… ? ? # MarvinLewis A post shared by Cincinnati Problems ( @ cincyproblems ) on Dec 17 , 2017 at 8:28am PST
Nope .
Just kidding .
This is Cincinnati sports… you know better than to be hopeful and optimistic .
Instead of riding off into the sunset on their 0 playoff winning horse , Marvin decided to keep the clown show rolling ahead full steam . Marvin immediately denied the “ rumor ” that ESPN had broken , because of course they fucking did .
Holy shit . Marvin Lewis just laughed and denied the @ ESPN report that they are leaving after this season . pic.twitter.com/96CCNYsvlw — Cincinnati Problems ( @ CincyProblems ) December 17 , 2017
You can shit on the media all you want , but Adam Schefter is probably the most connected media member on the fucking planet ; for Marvin to flat-out say that it 's not true is just such a dick-bag move , especially after their BFF Hue Jackson confirmed the report .
Hold off on the parade for now ..
Every day since it has sounded more and more that the rumor is true , so , the question now is ‘ Who do the Bengals hire ? ' . I 've heard everything from eye-rolling internal candidates like Darin Simmons , to why-the-fuck-would-they-come-here names like Brian Kelly .
I have absolutely no idea who they 'll hire and I 'm holding back my optimism for one wrinkly , liver-spotted reason ; Mike ‘ mock turtle soup ' Brown .
They are the cloud of dread that hangs over the hope I have for this football franchise . Do you really have faith in Mike Brown to hire someone that will right this ship ? Do you see Mike Brown hiring a fiery , out-spoken , strong-willed football coach ? Do you see them going out and landing a marquis candidate , a household name ? I sure as fuck do n't , because Mike Brown does n't do that , but like most things when it comes to the Cincinnati Bengals , I can hope .
On an unrelated note , for a team that does n't care about the Cincinnati Bengals , the Pittsburgh Steelers sure act like they care about the Cincinnati Bengals . First they had their TD celebration mocking AJ Green , now they have a TD celebration mocking Ju-Ju Smith-Schusters illegal hit on Vontaze Burfict .
Really ?
Celebrate hurting people and no one will blink when it happens to you . ( stay classy @ TeamJuJu ) pic.twitter.com/Bgg462xz4H — Elite Andy Dalton ( @ EvilAndyDalton ) December 17 , 2017
You 're going to mock an illegal play that sent a player out on a stretcher ? While Shazier is barely strong enough to wave their little towel and Brown just limped off the field ?
For a team and fan base that claims to be the “ class ” of the NFL , they sure do act like a bunch of classless pricks . Maybe they should focus more of their energy on learning how to complete a catch .
/end rant
Look for more Drunken Bengals Postgame Rants All Season From THE JUNGLER
Follow
A group of students had a disappointing end to their highly anticipated talent show , after their school principal pulled the plug on their Trump-inspired performance .
Five fifth grade students at Fiske Elementary School in Wellesley came up with an act in which three of them broke out in dance while wearing Donald Trump masks , and the other two held a presidential dance-off , with one dressed as Donald Trump and one dressed as Marco Rubio .
Their performance was a huge hit with their classmates , and it took the Internet by storm .
But an hour before the talent show , their principal called pulled the plug on the act .
“ We just got a phone call that there had been a parent reaction that was negative , ” parent Laurie Mattaliano said .
The parents of the boys said they were surprised and disappointed .
“ They just were trying to make people laugh , and we could all dance some more , ” parent Deb van Derveen said .
The boys were left scratching their heads .
“ At first I was super , super confused because I was n't sure how we were offending anybody , ” Andrew van Derveen said .
By showtime , the three little Trumps could n't rework their act . However , the two boys who were performing the dance-off altered their act , and were able to perform .
“ The show must go on , basically , ” Mikey Messore said . “ No matter what happens , you have to do something . ”
( Copyright ( c ) 2016 Sunbeam Television . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . )
JEDDAH : The Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi militias in Yemen has denounced a UN statement on civilian casualties in the war-torn country as “ biased ” toward the rebels.The coalition said in a statement carried by the Saudi Press Agency ( SPA ) that the UN needs to review the humanitarian work mechanism and the competence of its employees working in Yemen.The fighting is futile and absurd , UN resident coordinator Jamie McGoldrick said.He claimed that coalition airstrikes killed 109 civilians over the past 10 days , including 68 in one day in separate airstrikes.The coalition said McGoldrick 's statement “ creates a constant state of uncertainty about the information and data on which the UN relies and undermines its credibility. ” Turki Al-Maliki , the coalition spokesperson , said the statement ignores the crimes being committed by the Houthis against the Yemeni people , namely the killings , kidnappings and arrests of hundreds of members of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's General People 's Congress Party , their children and women , as well as the targeting of civilians.Meanwhile , US Defense Secretary James Mattis blamed the Houthis for stockpiling weapons in residential areas , which they said was not a sign that they care about the safety of civilians .
On the road , the Hope College men 's basketball team won its first three games and rose to the No . 5 ranking in the country .
But it was good to be back home . It just took a while to get that first win at home — a long while .
Hope overcame a double-digit first-half deficit to hold off Wheaton ( Ill. ) College 88-83 in double overtime Friday , Dec. 4 , in its opener of the Midwest Challenge at DeVos Fieldhouse .
“ It took us a while to find the best fight that we have , ” Hope coach Greg Mitchell said . “ They showed us they were n't going to be denied . We talked about playing the full 40 minutes , and sometimes it is 50 . I do n't think I have ever been more proud of a group . ”
Cody Stuive , who had not scored in regulation , drove to the basket and score to put Hope up 84-83 with 1:30 to go . Sam Otto added a basket then Stuive put the exclamation point on the comeback win with a putback with 13 seconds to go to provide the final margin of victory .
“ I just knew I had to do anything I could . If that meant a blocked shot or a rebound . It is all about effort , ” Stuive said . “ It was all about focusing forward . ”
Hope trailed by seven points with 2:43 to go in regulation .
“ It means a lot , ” Hope 's Dante Hawkins said . “ It just shows that we never give up . We are always fighting — we talk about that a lot , to bring fight . We played really bad and were down seven late . I never thought we were going to lose it . I just knew we would find a way . If we bring a fight , good things will happen . ”
Mitchell O'Brien then scored under the basket , hit a 3-pointer and drove to the hoop for a three-point play to tie the game with 16 seconds to go .
After a Wheaton basket , Hawkins scored with 3.5 seconds remaining with the chance to win it with the free throw of a three-point play . But it rimmed out and the game headed to overtime tied 74-74 .
“ Unbelievable effort from Mitchell , ” Stuive said . “ He hits those shots and just keeps going . It was unreal . They scored , I do n't know how many straight points . ”
In the first overtime , Stuive blocked Wheaton 's Ricky Samuelson against the backboard and Hawkins scored to put Hope up three .
But Wheaton 's Jonathan Berntsen made two free throws with six seconds to go to force a second overtime . They finished with a game-high 23 points .
The Flying Dutchmen ( 4-1 ) will face Carthage ( Wis. ) at 3 p.m. Saturday , following a 1 p.m. tipoff between Wheaton ( 3-3 ) and Calvin .
Wheaton went 10-for-20 from the 3-point line , including 5-for-8 from Samuelson , who provided the Thunder with several leads throughout the game .
Hope was just 3-for-24 from 3-point range ( 12.5 percent ) and went 19-for-32 ( 59.4 percent ) from the free-throw line — including five misses in the overtime periods . Hope shot 44 percent from the field .
Hope made its rally with starting big men Brock Benson and Harrison Blackledge on the bench . Blackledge fouled out and Benson injured their leg late in the second half and did not return .
Ben Garnder , who converted a three-point play early in the second overtime , led Hope with 22 points . Blackledge and Hawkins ( Holland ) each had 17 points , while O'Brien had 12 . Benson had eight points , four assists , two blocks , two steals and seven rebounds before their injury .
“ We did n't stop believing , ” Mitchell said . “ We lose Harrison . We lose Brock and we are out there using all the pawns on a chess board with how small we were out there . We just would n't be denied . ”
— Follow this reporter on Twitter @ DanDAddona .
Must read : Lax Oversight Seen in Failure of Oil Rig 's Last Line of Defense . Watch video and interactive graphic page , too . Best overview of how the BOP works , and does n't work , and the management interference that caused the accident . Deepwater Horizon BP Oil Spill Reference Material - from Whitis is the best source for everything .. The quantitative data diary has also been moved there . Jeff Masters of Weather Underground posted their take on the effects of a hurricane passing through the Gulf and making landfall .
Please DO NOT Rec this diary , Rec the Mothership here .
Sealing Cap Installation Animation with Kent Wells - 9 July 2010 explains the ongoing capping procedure so you can understand better what the ROVs are doing .
BP put up a video explaining the LMRP procedure and the future plans .
Go to the Deepwater Horizon Data Summary for a wealth of actual data from the Department of Energy .
The BOP and pressure drawings are viewable here . The CAD drawings come highly recommended by the techies among us . h/t Claudius Bombarnac .
A brief reference guide to nicknames you may see in the ROV diaries : Gertrude , aka Gerty : the oil volcano
: the oil volcano Lizzy : the diamond saw cutter
: the diamond saw cutter Clampy : the cute ROV
: the cute ROV Crunchy : 30 ft shear . bit the pipe , now a movie star
: 30 ft shear . bit the pipe , now a movie star Wanda : the dispersant sprayer
: the dispersant sprayer laundry basket : yellow thing that brings things up and down
: yellow thing that brings things up and down Thingy : those things , you know , those things
: those things , you know , those things Shiny Thing : those really neat things
: those really neat things Ms. Blanche Flo , aka Blanche , aka Flo : the manifold thingy
Thanks to dov12348 for publishing a diary on Oil Terminology .
Here is a tutorial on the sources of pressure on the well
H/t to Pluto for finding this :
The official casing configuration under the wellhead .
Again , to keep bandwidth down please do not post images or videos .
Links , courtesy of several Kossacks
Previous liveblog ROV diaries :
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 191 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - Yasuragi
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 190 - Twilight On The Beach Edition - Pam LaPier
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 189 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - Yasuragi
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 188 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - Gulf Watchers Overnight/peraspera
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 187 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - Darryl House
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 186 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - khowell
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 185 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - Gulf Watchers Overnight/peraspera
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 184 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - Yasuragi
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 183 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - ekyprogressive
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 182 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - Gulf Watchers Overnight/peraspera
Daily Kos Gulf Watchers ROV # 181 - BP 's Gulf Catastrophe - Wee Mama
Previous motherships and ROV 's from this extensive live blog effort may be found here .
We Are Here We are here . We are watching . Years from now , if anyone asks , we will tell them : We were there . Maybe it will not matter . Maybe nothing matters . But if we throw up our hands now , maybe someday , years from now , we will ask ourselves , why did we not at least keep watch , why did we not ? Maybe someday , some of us will talk with someone younger , and tell of the time we watched . Maybe that someone younger will try harder next time , will do more next time , remembering the time we watched . -- bigjacbigjacbigjac
We 're all stunned and horrified by this disaster . Huddling with good people to calculate the damage and monitor progress , have a laugh when we can , share the sorrow we feel , and learn a lot in the process ... That 's what I 'm really here for .
This is how I best cope . And if it turns out to be a useful thing to others , then that 's great .
Kimberley
This is where you want to be for discussion , worrying , tearing up , and caring for each other . It 's also where you 're welcome to be angry and scream and curse and cry and rant at the criminal negligence and greed that have brought us all together . Most importantly , though , it 's where we can learn from those kossaks among us ( I 'll not name names for abject fear of leaving one of you out , but you know who you are . ) who bring the light of knowledge - sometimes with heat , sometimes without it - and teach us about what 's happening beneath our Gulf of Mexico . On a personal note , I 'll ask you to please be kind to each other in our little boats . There 's enough hurt going on outside without bringing it here . - khowell
Bandwidth Warning : NO IMAGES and NO VIDEOS . Readers who are on DIALUP will thank you !
Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke is polling high enough in their U.S. Senate seat bid that they will participate in a televised debate , to be held on Nov. 2 at a historically black university.Duke tweeted last night , `` Important News ! I qualified for the U.S. Senate most important debate in Louisiana on Nov 2 . I ca n't wait to tell truth nobody else dares ! `` Important News ! I qualified for the U.S. Senate most important debate in Louisiana on Nov 2 . I ca n't wait to tell truth nobody else dares ! - David Duke ( @ DrDavidDuke ) October 21 , 2016 Candidates must show at least 5 percent support in the independent Mason-Dixon poll to qualify for the debate , under rules set by Raycom , an Alabama-based media corporation that will broadcast the event . Duke , who announced their campaign in July , made the cut with 5.1 percent , well behind frontrunners Republican State Treasurer John Kennedy 's 24.2 percent and Democrat Foster Campbell 's 18.9 percent.The debate will be held in New Orleans at Dillard University , a historically black university.In a phone interview , Duke told ABC News that Raycom contacted them Thursday night and extended an official invitation . Raycom spokesperson Vicki Zimmerman confirmed . `` I was happy , '' Duke said . `` We 've got a great chance . `` Duke founded the white supremacist Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in Louisiana in 1974 and held the title of grand wizard . They founded another white nationalist organization in 1980 , the National Association for the Advancement of White People.He has also ventured before into politics , serving one term as a Republican Louisiana state representative and running in the Democratic presidential primaries in 1988 and the Republican presidential primary contest in 1992 . They have also run unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate , the House of Representatives , the Louisiana governorship and the Louisiana State Senate.In this campaign , Duke is running as a Republican and said he 's focusing on immigration . `` Unless immigration is stopped , '' they said , `` the whole basis of America is changed . We will lose our rights . We 'll lose our gun rights . We will lose a lot of our freedom . `` His platform has seven main planks including calls to `` stop the ethnic cleansing of America , '' alleging that white Americans of European descent are being persecuted , and `` stop the racist discrimination of affirmative action programs . `` He also proposes an end to the IRS and the Federal Reserve Bank.Democratic candidate Foster Campbell said in an email , `` It 's unfortunate that the debate organizers have allowed Mr. Duke to participate . Their destructive rhetoric is a distraction from this campaign , which is about our future , not our past . `` Duke is among more than 20 candidates vying to replace Republican Sen. David Vitter , according to the Louisiana Secretary of State 's website . If no candidate gets 50 percent on Nov. 8 , the top two vote-getters will compete in a runoff Dec. 10.While the Mason-Dixon poll places Duke 's support at 5.1 percent , the candidate said their campaign 's in-house polls show them in the lead . `` There is no gap '' between them and the other candidates , Duke said . `` I always fly under the radar . If you look at the history of polling me in primary and previous races , I 've always gotten at least two to three times more votes than the polls actually showed . `` A professed Trump supporter , Duke said , `` I 'll be their biggest supporter in the Senate . I 'll certainly push very hard to continue to enforce the border . `` The Trump campaign has declined their support and attempted to distance itself from him.Republican John Kennedy 's campaign has not yet returned ABC News ' request for comment .
Online Petition Asks For The Reannexation Of The Philippines To The United States
An online petition has appeared on change.org asking for the re-annexation of the Philippines to the Unites States of America . The author says a big dose of “ American Freedom ” would be good for the country and he 's calling on the public to support theirs cause .
“ We are asking all Filipinos from around the globe to sign this petition to once and for all end tyranny and corruption in the Philippines. ” That is the headline text on a petition on change.org which asks for the re-annexation of the Philippines to the Unites States of America . The creator of the petition , named on the site as a David Weber , goes on to explain their reasoning behind it as follows :
“ We advocate for the reannexation of the Philippines , a former U.S. colony , to the United States . We feel this is the only thing certain to protect the people from tyranny and massive graft and corruption from the highest office in the land down to the barangay .
Corruption has brought forth unimaginable catastrophes in the lives of millions of Filipinos under its so-called “ independence ” , much much worse than all colonizations and wars that the country 's been through that people line up as early as 12 : AM just to secure a passport to work overseas .
Like Crimea 's return to Russia , we feel the same with the Philippines towards the United States of America . Rather than just becoming a “ pivot ” to Asia , the US will expand their jurisdiction and influence in the region . ”
They go on to mention more reasons and various historical points as to why it would be a good idea if the Philippines became the 51st State , and until now the petition has attracted around 2500 signatures .
Do you think it would be a good idea if the Philippines became part of the USA ? If so , you can sign the petition here .
Image copyright SPL Image caption Leaves absorb significantly more CO2 than climate models have estimated
Global climate models have underestimated the amount of CO2 being absorbed by plants , according to new research .
Scientists say that between 1901 and 2010 , living things absorbed 16 % more of the gas than previously thought .
The authors say it explains why models consistently overestimated the growth rate of carbon in the atmosphere .
But experts believe the new calculation is unlikely to make a difference to global warming predictions .
The research has been published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Working out the amount of carbon dioxide that lingers in the atmosphere is critical to estimating the future impacts of global warming on temperatures .
About half the CO2 that 's produced ends up in the oceans or is absorbed by living things .
But modelling the exact impacts on a global scale is a fiendishly complicated business .
In this new study , a team of scientists looked again at the way trees and other plants absorb carbon .
By analysing how CO2 spreads slowly inside leaves , a process called mesophyll diffusion , the authors conclude that more of the gas is absorbed than previously thought .
Between 1901 and 2100 the researchers believe that their new work increases the amount of carbon taken up through fertilisation from 915 billion tonnes to 1,057 billion , a 16 % increase .
`` There is a time lag between scientists who study fundamental processes and modellers who model those processes in a large scale model , '' explained one of the authors , Dr Lianhong Gu at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in the US .
`` It takes time for the the two groups to understand each other . ''
Image copyright SPL Image caption Scientists monitor carbon dioxide levels near trees to work out how much is absorbed
The researchers believe that Earth system models have over-estimated the amount of carbon in the atmosphere by about 17 % , and think their new evaluation of plant absorption explains the gap .
`` The atmospheric CO2 concentration only started to accelerate rapidly after 1950 , '' said Dr Gu .
`` So the 17 % bias was achieved during a period of about 50 years . If we are going to predict future CO2 concentration increases for hundreds of years , how big would that bias be ? ''
Model revamp
Other researchers believe the new work could help clarify our models but it may not mean any great delay in global warming as a result of increased concentrations of the gas .
`` The paper provides great new insights into how the very intricacies of leaf structure and function can have a planetary scale impact , '' said Dr Pep Canadell from the Global Carbon Project at CSIRO Australia .
`` It provides a potential explanation for why global earth system models can not fully reproduce the observed atmospheric CO2 growth over the past 100 years and suggests that vegetation might be able to uptake more carbon dioxide in the future than is currently modelled .
`` Having more carbon taken up by plants would slow down climate change but there are many other processes which lay in between this work and the ultimate capacity of terrestrial ecosystems to remove carbon dioxide and store it for long enough to make a difference to atmospheric CO2 trends . ''
Many experts agree that the effect is interesting and may require a recalibration of models - but it does n't change the need for long-term emissions cuts to limit the impact of carbon dioxide .
`` This new research implies it will be slightly easier to fulfil the target of keeping global warming below two degrees - but with a big emphasis on 'slightly ' , '' said Dr Chris Huntingford , a climate modeller at the UK 's Centre for Ecology and Hydrology .
`` Overall , the cuts in CO2 emissions over the next few decades will still have to be very large if we want to keep warming below two degrees . ''
Follow Matt on Twitter @ mattmcgrathbbc .
Point being that not only was they not alone , they had a whole tribe to belong to , doing important and deadly things . And the visibles of the world would never see them coming .
That Buffy episode with Invisible Girl ? Yep . Except the part where ( SPOILER SPOILER ) she 's whisked away at the end to a secret training facility for spies and assassins .
I used to say I had a superpower . In person , online , you name it . I 'm invisible . A very famous publisher once said , `` She might as well write in invisible ink for all the notice they get . ''
`` How come women do n't write science fiction/fantasy/insert subgenre-not-romance here ? Or why have n't they written it since , like , well , last week when I read one by a lady and I thought it was pretty good and I think , did it win an award or something ? But there are n't any others and I do n't get it . '' Sometimes with bonus , `` Do I have to write it myself ? ''
It 's as regular as summer thunder . A very serious article or a very serious tweet or a very serious wonder-aloud in a convention bar .
Women have a shelf life . When they 're young and cute , they get attention -- a fraction as much by the numbers as the boys , and often relegated to the short reviews or the niche commentators , but it happens . Then as they age , the boys become revered elders . The girls undergo a winnowing process that pulls out one or two as tokens of their gender , and those are the wise ones , the names always cited when listing women in genre . The rest are erased . And the very serious pundits inquire , `` Why are n't there any women in genre ? '' Or , `` Why did n't women write in genre before , like , last week ? ''
They did . We did . All the way back . We have always been here . We have always written science fiction .
This is what the Women in Science Fiction project is about . And the Women in Science Fiction Storybundle ( ( link explains the concept , and lists the books in the bundle ) . Along with many lists and shout-outs and twitterstorms .
It 's not even conscious . Hear a woman 's voice , see a woman 's name , slide right on by . Just today I had a Twitter conversation with a very nice man , very concerned that women writers were n't featured in a certain popular series on a certain eminent blog . They were trying to redress what they saw as unfairness .
And yet that series contains multiple entries by and about women writers . They 're talked about , read , commented on . They get good numbers . My contribution has been going on for over a year now and is in its second set of books by one woman writer .
Invisible ink . Hear no women , see no women , take no notice when women speak .
And the older the women are ? The more invisible , inaudible , unnoticed they are . Unless they 're the tokens , of course . The `` I included her , therefore I included all women '' names that are on every list , because that makes it all right . Right ?
Lucky for us publishing has changed so profoundly in this millennium , and works that used to be erased are now coming back -- and with them , the authors who were dropped and silenced over the years . Lucky too that the culture has shifted and people of all genders are more aware of what 's been happening , for the most part subliminally , to anyone not straight , white , male .
We were here all along . We never stopped being here . Now , finally , we 're not letting ourselves be dumped off the shelf . Even by very serious people with very good intentions who just , you know , did n't notice . And think it 's terribly unfair .
Phone records provided to Scene by Christina Gaston 's family show definitively that former Cleveland Museum of Art Director David Franklin gave false information to Cleveland Heights police officers on April 29 , 2013 , when they allegedly discovered Gaston 's body at their apartment on Euclid Heights Boulevard in the very early morning .
Franklin told police , and provided handwritten testimony in their report , that he 'd received a text message from Christina Gaston at 8 p.m. the previous night ( Saturday , April 27 ) . According to Franklin , that text said : “ depressed from work . ”
But Christina Gaston 's phone records show only one text on April 27 . It was sent from Gaston 's phone at 6:06 p.m. to a number which Scene has confirmed is not David Franklin 's . What prodded Franklin to allegedly visit their apartment that night if that text was never sent ?
Gaston 's phone , of course , was never recovered from their apartment after their death . Along with their missing camera — Gaston was an avid photographer — the missing phone appeared to be one of the more troubling question marks in an increasingly troubling tragedy . Additionally , those phone records show there was a large data transfer from Christina 's phone at 12:22 a.m. April 29 , just minutes after Cleveland Hts . fire had arrived on scene after Franklin 's call to report the incident .
The Cleveland Heights Police , for their part , had n't given the phone much thought . They certainly were n't looking for it . Ron Flower , Christina Gaston 's stepfather , called them on July 1 from their home in Georgia just to ask that the phone and camera be labeled missing . They provided the make , model and serial numbers . ( This conversation is detailed in the original police report ) .
At the time , Ron Flower 's call was little more than a modest request from a grieving stepfather . After all , Christina Gaston 's death was an open-and-shut case , ruled a suicide immediately ( cause of death : “ asphyxiation due to hanging ” ) with no investigation whatsoever after the fact .
Until recently .
The Gaston family has confirmed ( though Cleveland Heights ' Police Chief Jeffrey Robertson and Law Director John Gibbon will not ) that on September 12 , Christina Gaston 's case has been assigned to a detective for follow-up . ( Whether or not the investigation is officially re-opened is unclear . ) As far as the Gastons knew , no police personnel had been assigned to the case until that date .
Had detectives been assigned on the night of Gaston 's death , they might have though to collect the wine glass on their countertop to examine for fingerprints ( never happened ) ; or gather any evidence from the apartment at all ( they did n't ) .
Investigators might have probed further when David Franklin identified themselves as Ms. Gaston 's “ friend ; ” ( they did n't ) ; they might have required a more thorough step-by-step of Franklin 's discovery of the body ; they might have asked for a timeline less infuriatingly vague ; they might have questioned neighbors or the building manager ( they did n't ) ; they might have searched for the missing phone ; and when David Franklin cited a text message from Saturday as the impetus for their arrival at Ms. Gaston 's apartment 28 hours later , detectives almost certainly would have asked to see the text in question .
When Scene brought these concerns before Cleveland Heights Police Chief Jeffrey Robertson in an effort to clarify their procedures when a suicide is called in , we were referred by Robertson 's secretary to Law Director John Gibbon , who has yet to respond via phone or email .
Scene did speak yesterday with the building manager at MMH Management who served as Gaston 's landlord until their death . They said that there had been zero communication from Cleveland Heights police . None back in April , none in September , none this week .
Franklin 's lawyer , Virginia Davidson , responded to Scene via email yesterday regarding the case in general : `` The details that are being reported in the media concern Dr. Franklin 's personal life . There was a tragedy . It has nothing to do with the exceptionally fine work that Dr. Franklin has done for the museum . We just ask that you give their family its privacy at this time . ''
When reached for comment about the new details this morning , Davidson responded via email : `` You have your facts wrong . There is no story here , and no reason to engage in discussion about this personal matter . ''
Most sexually active women use contraception , regardless of their religious beliefs , says a report from the Guttmacher Institute , an organization working to advance reproductive and sexual health in the U.S. and worldwide .
`` Regardless of religious affiliation , the majority of women use highly effective contraception methods , so any efforts to restrict access to these methods is going to impact these populations , '' said Rachel K. Jones , the lead author .
The report was based on a U.S. government survey that represented the nation . The data came from 2006-2008 interviews of over 7,000 women aged 15-44 .
It found that 69 % of sexually active women from any denomination were using highly effective birth control methods including sterilization , the pill or other hormonal method , or an intrauterine device ( IUD ) . In addition , almost all have reported contraceptive use at some point , a figure that is similar among Catholic women .
Another key finding was that 68 % of Catholics use one of the highly effective methods , but only 2 % rely on natural family planning . That number is comparable to 73 % of Mainline Protestants and 74 % of Evangelicals .
`` A lot of times , religion is either not associated with contraception at all , or , in the case of the Catholic church , being against contraception . '' Jones added . `` In the real world , women who have religious beliefs and who attend church also use contraception . ''
In addition , male or female sterilization was most common in the Evangelical church ; more than four in 10 women of this denomination use the method .
And marital status did not change things .
`` Across religious denominations , married women are using highly effective contraceptive methods , '' they said .
Said Cecile Richards , president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America , “ These findings show yet again that birth control is a common practice — and a common need — for women of different faiths and backgrounds .
`` As Congress considers yet another effort to bar Planned Parenthood from providing family planning services through federal health programs , it should listen to the message these findings convey . ”
Nuclear power is hot in China . The country is building 19 commercial reactors , including two of the largest ever assembled . Russia 's state-owned engineering firm , Rosatom , is erecting 13 reactors in five countries . India is developing its own domestic supply chain . Meanwhile the U.S. is canceling reactors , leaving only four under construction . American maker Westinghouse , long the global front-runner , filed for bankruptcy in March . France , which for decades happily relied on atomic power , will turn to renewables to meet new electricity demand . Germany will shutter all its reactors by 2022 .
If China 's progress holds , it will have more nuclear capacity than the U.S. , today 's leader , within a decade . The government helps companies get permits and obtain financing , two big hurdles in the West . Changing markets could shift alliances as well , as countries such as the United Arab Emirates sign deals with surging Russian and South Korean suppliers rather than fading American and European firms . Japan may be Asia 's anomaly : because of the infamous Fukushima accident , it has scaled back plans .
Image : prilfish
Thorny Seahorse ( H. histrix )
Not good at being a fish
Image : WoRMS for SMEBD
Maned Seahorse ( H. guttulatus )
Go home , scary Seahorse . You 're drunk .
On second thoughts ... drown your sorrows , mate .
Image : PacificKlaus
White 's Seahorse ( H. whitei )
The googly eyes of a monster ?
Image : Andrew Dunn
Hippocampus . Back when they ate liver
Image : San Diego Shooter
Dwarf Seahorse ( H. zosterae )
World 's Slowest Fish , 2009
At 5 cm ( 2 in ) long , not the smallest
It 's our old friend the Pygmy Seahorse ! Some of them are just an inch long
Image : richard ling
Big-belly Seahorse ( H. abdominalis )
One of the biggest at 35 cm ( 13 in ) long
Image : Hans Hillewaert
Short-snouted Seahorse ( H. hippocampus )
Surrounded by copepods/lunch
Image : Andreas MÃ¤rz
Slender Seahorse ( H. reidi )
Time to boogie
Image : OZinOH
Big-belly Seahorse demonstrates its name .
Some Seahorses get more pregnant than others
Image : brian.gratwicke
Shortsnout Seahorse ( H. breviceps )
Awwwwww !
The wait is over ! Today , the Ilitch organization declared that a new Red Wings arena is planned north of I-75 and south of Temple Street . But there is more . The new Arena District is giant , spanning both of the sites we were originally watching for arena development . Much has been revealed about what is likely to come , including renovations for some Ilitch-owned buildings . Also : massive new retail/hotel/office space , much of its location unknown . Here 's what we know .
Arena Zone Revealed
The new , 18,000-seat arena will be built along Woodward Avenue between Temple Street and I-75 . Our guess remains south of Sproat Street . A new arena zone encompassing a huge swath of downtown was revealed , though exactly what that means is unclear .
· New retail/office space at Woodward and Sproat , to the tune of 140,000 square feet . Speculation : This may very well be part of the arena structure itself .
· Construction of a new hotel with 20,000 square feet of ground floor retail , location unknown . That 's huge !
· Parking garages and parking lots galore , with 20,000 square feet of retail .
Renovation of the Detroit Life Building : Vacant since 1977 , Ilitch bought the Detroit Life Building along with the Fox Theatre in 1988 . There will be some retail on the ground with 35 apartments up top .
? Renovation of the Blenheim Building : More retail below , 16 new apartments up top .
Renovation of 1922 Cass Avenue : While vacant , this one never looked like it was in bad shape . We 'll get 70,000 square feet of office space . Just across the street from the GAR , this will definitely make this area more lively .
How we got here :
· Signs of Ilitch Arena Development Spotted Just off of Woodward
· Building by Building , Potential Arena Site Mysteriously Sold
· Ilitch Consultant Basically Reveals Desired Arena Site
· After Years Of Stalling , Ilitch Organization Sets Arena In Motion
· Plans unveiled for $ 650M Red Wings arena , entertainment district in Detroit [ Det News ]
It 's an inescapable fact that writing maintainable code is hard . Most projects end up with code that nobody dares touch , caused by a lack of understanding and a fear of error . Before we think about how to avoid such a mess , we have to consider what we mean by maintainable code .
Before we can change any code , we have to understand what the code currently does , and whether it 's supposed to do that . While there are many ways to achieve this , I think one of the best solutions is a comprehensive suite of automated tests . A good suite of tests can serve as documentation , telling you how the code is supposed to behave , as well as making sure that the code actually has that behaviour . Even better , they can give you the confidence that your code still works after you 've made your changes . Unfortunately , some code is impossible to test , so the first question I 'll try to answer is : how do I write testable code ?
Even if we have a suite of tests , changing code is difficult if we have no idea how it works . Therefore , the second question is : how do I write clean , understandable code ?
How do I write testable code ?
If you ask people , “ How do you write untestable code ? ” , they 'll often respond with answers like “ Long , complicated methods ” or “ No clean separation of concerns ” . While these are things to avoid ( and we 'll come back to them ) , they make code hard to test , but not impossible to test . Code tends to be untestable for two main reasons :
Global , mutable state . In other words , a variable that any code can access , and any code can modify .
state . In other words , a variable that any code can access , and any code can modify . Constructing , or otherwise acquiring , services , such as database connections , through static methods ( a constructor is effectively a static method ) .
Global variables are fine if it 's immutable data . If it 's mutable , then it becomes impossible to consistently set up an identical environment before each test . For instance , say a method uses an incrementing integer to assign unique IDs . Each time we run the method , the assigned ID will be different , making it impossible to test the method with particular IDs .
The solution to the second point is dependency injection . A class should ask for its dependencies through its constructor rather than acquiring them itself . This allows a test to pass in mocked versions of those dependencies . For instance , let 's say we have an online booking system for a tattoo parlour . If a user under 18 requests an appointment , we refuse to give them a tattoo . If they 're 18 or over , we give them the first available appointment . The code might look something like this :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 public class Appointments { public Result RequestTattooAppointment ( User user ) { var appointmentBooker = new AppointmentBooker ( ) ; if ( user . Age > = AgeOfConsent ) { return appointmentBooker . BookFirstAvailableAppointment ( user ) ; } else { return Result . UnderAge ( ) ; } } }
There 's no way to test this class in a unit test – no matter what we do , it will construct an AppointmentBooker , which will connect to the database . We do n't want to have to set up an entire database just to test the logic in this method . Instead , we should ask for an AppointmentBooker in the constructor .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 public class Appointments { private readonly IAppointmentBooker m_AppointmentBooker ; public Appointments ( IAppointmentBooker appointmentBooker ) { m_AppointmentBooker = appointmentBooker ; } public Result RequestTattooAppointment ( User user ) { if ( user . Age > = AgeOfConsent ) { return m_AppointmentBooker . BookFirstAvailableAppointment ( user ) ; } else { return Result . UnderAge ( ) ; } } }
Now we can pass in a mocked instance of IAppointmentBooker in our test . For instance , just taking the case of the user being underage :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 public class AppointmentsTest { private readonly IAppointmentBooker m_AppointmentBooker = A . Fake < IAppointmentBooker > ( ) ; private readonly Appointments m_Appointments ; public AppointmentsTest ( ) { m_Appointments = new Appointments ( m_AppointmentBooker ) ; } public void UnderAgeUsersDoNotGetAnAppointment ( ) { // Given var user = new User { Age = Appointments . AgeOfConsent - 1 } ; // When var result = m_Appointments . RequestTattooAppointment ( user ) ; // Then Assert . Equal ( Result . UnderAge ( ) , result ) ; A . CallTo ( ( ) = > m_AppointmentBooker . BookFirstAvailableAppointment ( user ) ) . MustNotHaveHappened ( ) ; } }
There are some frameworks , such as Google Guice for Java or Ninject for C # , that can automate some parts of dependency injection , saving you from death by a thousand new s .
How do I write clean , understandable code ?
Although there are dozens of useful rules and principles in writing clean code , I think most can be reduced to one of these three :
Optimise for the reader of the code , not the writer . Code is read more than it 's written . If you optimise for the writer , you 'll save a few key presses , but the cost to the reader is confusion , frustration , and subtle ( and not-so-subtle ) bugs .
. Code is read more than it 's written . If you optimise for the writer , you 'll save a few key presses , but the cost to the reader is confusion , frustration , and subtle ( and not-so-subtle ) bugs . Do n't repeat yourself ( often abbreviated to DRY ) . It 's easier to maintain code if it only exists in one place , and this also ensures consistency . If code is duplicated , there 's a good chance that you 'll forget to update one of the copies , meaning bugs you fix in one copy will still be there in the other copy .
( often abbreviated to DRY ) . It 's easier to maintain code if it only exists in one place , and this also ensures consistency . If code is duplicated , there 's a good chance that you 'll forget to update one of the copies , meaning bugs you fix in one copy will still be there in the other copy . Do the simplest , smallest thing you can do to add some value . If you try and guess how you should try and modify the system for all future requirements , you 're going to get it wrong . Either you 'll end up rewriting the code you never used , or you 'll be stuck with code that sort-of does what you actually want it to do .
Optimising for the reader
The computer does n't care how you write your code , so long as it 's unambiguous . In other words , write code for humans , not machines . There are plenty of principles you could use , this is just a smattering :
Spend some time carefully thinking about the names for classes and methods . If you find all of your class names end in Helper , then you might need to spend a bit more time thinking . Thinking up descriptive names is hard , but being unable to think up a good name is sometimes a sign that your class or method does too much , and actually needs splitting up .
, then you might need to spend a bit more time thinking . Thinking up descriptive names is hard , but being unable to think up a good name is sometimes a sign that your class or method does too much , and actually needs splitting up . Do n't use abbreviations . For instance , instead of calling a variable dbc , call it databaseConnection . The exception is when the abbreviation is well-known , for instance , using html as an abbreviation is fine .
, call it . The exception is when the abbreviation is well-known , for instance , using as an abbreviation is fine . Good code should be unsurprising . If you find some code that is surprising or “ clever ” , try to see if you can simplify it , or somehow make it clearer .
Each method should operate at one level of abstraction . A method that deals with high-level concepts in your domain should n't be doing complicated string manipulation as well . One style of writing code is to make it read like a newspaper article . From reading that method , you get just enough detail to see how it works . If you want more detail on how it works , you can dive into one of the methods being called . Just like a newspaper article , you should be able to stop reading at any point and have an understanding of the overall picture .
Do n't repeat yourself
If you ever find yourself copy-and-pasting code , then that 's a hint that you should pull out the common functionality of the code .
In some languages , it 's difficult to pull out code that has structural duplication , but operates on different data . However , if you have a language that lets you pass around functions easily , you can pull out that duplication . For instance , say you want to convert a list of strings to a list of integers . You could build a new list of integers , iterate through the list of strings , and add each parsed string to the new list :
1 2 3 4 5 var listOfIntegers = new List < Integer > ( ) ; foreach ( var str in listOfStrings ) { listOfIntegers . Add ( int . Parse ( str ) ) ; }
Every time you want to convert one list of values to another , the code is identical except for the value conversion . You can pull that duplication out by using map , called Select in C # :
1 var listOfIntegers = listOfStrings . Select ( int . Parse ) ;
Do the simplest , smallest thing to add value
It 's impossible to guess what code you 're going to need in the future , even if you think you have a good grasp of the requirements . By taking small steps , you learn about the problem while solving it .
You might notice that always taking small , simple steps does n't always lead to readable code without duplication . It 's crucial to remember to refactor your code once it 's working . Once you have code that does what you want in the simplest way , you must then make sure it 's clean code that you 'd be happy maintaining .
Example
Here 's some code that I reckon could do with a bit of refactoring :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 public class ArchiveController : Controller { private readonly ISession m_Session ; public ArchiveController ( ISession session ) { m_Session = session ; } public ActionResult Index ( FormCollection form ) { var sds = form [ `` start-date '' ] ; var sd = DateTime . MinValue ; if ( sds ! = null ) { if ( DateTime . TryParse ( sds , out sd ) ) { } else if ( sds == `` now '' ) { sd = DateTime . Now ; } } var eds = form [ `` end-date '' ] ; var ed = DateTime . MaxValue ; if ( eds ! = null ) { if ( DateTime . TryParse ( eds , out ed ) ) { } else if ( eds == `` now '' ) { ed = DateTime . Now ; } } var hss = m_Session . QueryOver < HatSale > ( ) . Where ( h = > h . DateTime > = sd ) . Where ( h = > h . DateTime < = ed ) . List ( ) ; var ahwpm = hss . GroupBy ( h = > h . DateTime . Month ) . Select ( g = > new { W = g . Key , Avg = g . Average ( s = > s . Hat . Width ) } ) ; return View ( new { Hss = hss , Ahwpm = ahwpm } ) ; } }
There are clearly some problems with this code :
The class is called ArchiveController – what 's in this archive ?
– what 's in this archive ? The variables are n't named well , for instance , what does ahwpm mean ?
mean ? The logic that reads start-date and end-date from the form is duplicated .
and from the form is duplicated . What does DateTime on a hat sale represent ?
on a hat sale represent ? There are bits of NHibernate querying and LINQ all on one unreadable line .
The method is long , and you feel you have to read the whole thing to begin to understand what 's going on .
The method operates at many layers of abstraction – it 's parsing strings , accessing the database , and doing some calculations .
So , after some refactoring :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 public class SalesArchiveController : Controller { private readonly ISession m_Session ; public SalesArchiveController ( ISession session ) { m_Session = session ; } public ActionResult Index ( FormCollection form ) { var startDate = ParseStartDate ( form ) ; var endDate = ParseEndDate ( form ) ; var hatSales = FetchHatSalesInDateRange ( startDate , endDate ) ; var averageHatWidthsPerMonth = CalculateAverageHatWidthsPerMonth ( hatSales ) ; return View ( new { HatSales = hatSales , AverageHatWidthsPerMonth = averageHatWidthsPerMonth } ) ; } private DateTime ParseStartDate ( FormCollection form ) { return ParseDateParameterOrNull ( form , `` start-date '' ) ? ? DateTime . MinValue ; } private DateTime ParseEndDate ( FormCollection form ) { return ParseDateParameterOrNull ( form , `` end-date '' ) ? ? DateTime . MaxValue ; } private DateTime ? ParseDateParameterOrNull ( FormCollection form , string key ) { var dateString = form [ key ] ; if ( string . IsNullOrEmpty ( dateString ) ) { return null ; } DateTime dateTime ; if ( DateTime . TryParse ( dateString , out dateTime ) ) { return dateTime ; } if ( dateString == `` now '' ) { return DateTime . Now ; } return null ; } private IList < HatSale > FetchHatSalesInDateRange ( DateTime startDate , DateTime endDate ) { return m _ Session . QueryOver < HatSale > ( ) . Where ( h = > h . DateOfSale > = startDate ) . Where ( h = > h . DateOfSale < = endDate ) . List ( ) ; } private IList < MonthlyHatSales > CalculateAverageHatWidthsPerMonth ( IList < HatSale > hatSales ) { return hatSales . GroupBy ( sale = > sale . DateOfSale . Month ) . Select ( group = > new MonthlyHatSales { AverageHatWidth = group . Average ( sale = > sale . Hat . Width ) , Month = group . Key } ) . ToList ( ) ; } public class MonthlyHatSales { public int Month { get ; set ; } public double AverageHatWidth { get ; set ; } } }
Although this code reads much better , it 's not perfect by any means . For instance , it does n't obey the Single Responsibility Principle : it deals with everything from parsing HTTP parameters to querying the database . We 've already pulled this logic into separate methods , so a next step might be to try and pull these methods into separate classes . Regardless of what change you 're making , you should be extremely cautious about changing any code without any tests around it .
Conclusion
I 've talked about how to write maintainable code , but is it the case that we always want maintainable code ? Are there not occasions where we need to write a quick piece of code that we 're going to throw away immediately ? This logic has one major flaw : our inability to predict the future . What begins as throw-away code can quickly become a vital piece of infrastructure , needing maintenance and extension for years . Even if the code is to be thrown away , the benefits of writing maintainable code can pay off much quicker than you might think . Often , a quick piece of code is n't so quick after all , and you can easily find yourself surrounded by a baffling labyrinth of code in under a day .
Finally , it 's important to have a sense of craftmanship . Through continuous practice we improve the quality of what we write , and form the habit of always writing clean , readable code .
The OTAs and minicamp start this week for the Dallas Cowboys . As well as the first time the staff gets to see all the players on the 90-man roster work together , it also can serve as a time to try some things out . That is already the plan with La'el Collins and Jonathan Cooper as they look for the best way to replace retired right tackle Doug Free . Here 's another thing they should at least give a shot : See if Dan Skipper can play some tight end .
Given their towering 6'10 ” height , it is sort of surprising this has not been brought up already ( at least as far as can be told from a perhaps cursory Google and Twitter search ) . Perhaps they just has hands of rock or an inability to run routes . But even so , the Cowboys ought to take a look to see if they could at least be a credible threat to catch the ball .
There are many NFL teams where they might not be a good fit as a tight end , but Dallas is a bit of a throwback in the way they view the tight end position : Blocking is just as important to them for tight ends as being a receiver . Many teams use tight ends almost purely for their receiving ability , but because the running game is such a big part of the Cowboys ' offensive identity , they also want their tight ends to be able to handle blocking duties well . And as a former offensive tackle , that is one thing Skipper should have down pat . Jason Witten has long been a clutch receiver , but they also are very effective in securing the edge for outside runs . Former Cowboy Gavin Escobar was a good receiver , but it was their mediocre blocking performance that likely led to them not working out in Dallas .
If Skipper can show some decent ability to catch the ball , their height would make them nearly impossible to defend with , well , just about anyone who would line up to cover him . Their 26 inch vertical at the NFL Combine is not impressive , but their height and long arms make up for that , as evidenced by their three blocked field goals in college . They are not a deep threat the way many modern tight ends are , but that is not how the Cowboys primarily use their tight ends . They want them to be possession receivers , and Skipper appears to have the physical tools to do that , if they can catch at all well .
Even if they are not to be a top three tight end on the depth chart , working them some could make them a real dual-threat in a tackle eligible role on short yardage plays . And their value would be amplified by the ability of Dak Prescott to run read-option plays . Rolling out to the side Skipper is lined up , Prescott could keep the ball if the opening is there , or pull up and loft a pass that only Skipper can reach . It could also be a nice play for an option pass from Ezekiel Elliott . And lining up outside the tackle increases the chance they can bring their 300+ pounds to bear to obliterate a defensive back on running plays .
It is not a highly likely scenario to work out , but as mentioned , this is the time to experiment a bit with the tools on hand to find out just what can be done . There is not a lot to lose from trying . Skipper is fighting for a roster spot , and that is a long shot for them as an undrafted free agent . They would be expected to be willing to try whatever might give them a better chance at making the team . With their unique size , this seems like something that the staff would have to at least give a thought to .
THE smell of fresh paint in Taman Sentosa , one of the poorer districts of Malaysia 's capital , can mean only one thing : elections are at hand .
The walls of the numerous public-housing blocks in the area are gleaming , all painted within the past year . The redecoration of one block , 1A Pinang , was finished only on January 3rd , and the lucky residents got some shiny new guttering as well . The caretaker says it is the first time the place had received any attention since it was built 20 years ago . And lest anyone forget to whom they owe their good fortune , prominent signs up outside every block remind them : the ruling Barisan Nasional ( BN ) coalition government . The paint-job is a federally funded project in an opposition MP 's constituency .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
A general election must be called before the end of April , and it might be the tightest ever . The BN has never lost an election since Malaysia 's independence from Britain in 1957 . Last time round , however , in 2008 , the party suffered its greatest rebuff at the polls , losing its two-thirds parliamentary majority as well as five out of 12 contested state governments . This time the opposition People 's Justice Party ( PKR ) and its allies , led by the veteran Anwar Ibrahim , hope to go one better , so the BN is leaving nothing to chance .
Taman Sentosa is in the Lembah Pantai constituency in central Kuala Lumpur , and what happens there will decide the fate of the election as a whole . It had always been a BN stronghold but was lost by a narrow margin in the electoral meltdown of 2008 . The new MP was Nurul Izzah Anwar , the daughter of Mr Anwar , who won by just 2,895 votes . If the BN can wrest back this seat they will be safe ; if the PKR win again they will know they have a chance of ending the BN 's run in power .
It has thus become a totemic race , and Nurul Izzah believes that the BN are not only deploying paint brushes to give them the edge . The constituency used to have 149 postal votes , but the total has now jumped to 2,180 , they say—all police officers , traditionally BN supporters . As in other urban constituencies the overall number of voters has risen since 2008 , by about 15,000 . Many of these live elsewhere but have registered to vote in Lembah Pantai , and Nurul Izzah claims that hundreds of these are known BN voters , which could make a big difference in a tight race .
Lembah Pantai is a bellwether seat in another way , offering a snapshot of Malaysia 's ethnic diversity—the characteristic that usually dictates how elections are won . The constituency is 54 % ethnic Malay , 25 % Chinese and 20 % Indian , more or less reflecting the national balance . The BN , and specifically its main constituent party , the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) , is traditionally the bastion of Malay interests , whereas the PKR does better with the minorities , as it advocates the ending of the comprehensive system of quotas and privileges that favours Malays in the universities , the civil service and elsewhere . Thus the PKR , for instance , argues that all government contracts should be open-tender rather than skewed towards Malay-owned companies . The PKR argues that such policies have merely encouraged corruption and done little for poorer Malays .
But , Nurul Izzah concedes , their party has to be “ careful ” on this issue for fear of alienating Malays . Them party 's position , therefore , is nuanced , advocating government help for the poor and students , for instance , based on “ needs ” rather than race , but at the same time protecting the special position of Malays in the civil service .
At the other end of Lembah Pantai is trendy Bangsar , symbolic centre of Malaysia 's booming economy of the past few years . Here it 's all posh boutiques and frappuccinos , home to the young , professional and fashionable who now form an important swing vote in the electorate . Much less wedded to the old race-based politics , they should be a natural constituency for the PKR . But here again the party will struggle , as young professionals have welcomed liberalising legislation , such as abolishing repressive national-security laws , pushed through by the prime minister , Najib Razak . Hip Bangsar types might be persuaded by the BN 's claims to be the proven party of reformasi , Mr Anwar 's old battle-cry . Nurul Izzah is finding that no vote can be taken for granted .
This 70 km-wide crater and its surrounds offer a window into the watery past of the Red Planet .
The scene , captured by ESA 's Mars Express , is a composite of two images taken in March 2007 and February 2017 .
It focuses on a large crater in the Margaritifer Terra region in the southern hemisphere of Mars , and includes a portion of Erythraeum Chaos to the north .
The region is located at the northern edge of Noachis Terra , which at 3.7–4 billion years old , represents some of the oldest and most heavily cratered terrain on Mars .
Remnants of valley networks across the scene indicate that water once flowed through this region , shaping the features seen today . Indeed , as shown by the context image , Parana Valles lies to the east , while Loire Valles lies to the northwest .
There are a number of distinctive features inside the 70 km crater , such as the striking light-toned material that is interpreted as exposed bedrock .
‘ Chaotic terrain ' is visible both inside and outside the crater , marked by randomly oriented blocks separated by troughs . In general , chaotic terrain is associated with the collapse of the surface above regions where large amounts of subsurface water have been released , for example by the sudden melting of ice . As such , outflow channels often begin in chaos terrains .
Chaotic terrain may also mark the sites of ancient lakes , such as in Erythraeum Chaos to the north ( right ) of the crater in this scene , between Loire and Parana Valles .
The Pentagon chief says the United States will deploy heavy military equipment in several Eastern European countries to boost NATO presence there , amid standoff with Russia over Ukraine .
Speaking at a joint press conference with three Baltic defense ministers in Tallinn , Estonia , US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said on Tuesday Washington will spread about 250 tanks , armored vehicles and other military equipment across seven European nations .
`` We will temporarily stage one armored brigade combat team 's vehicles and associated equipment in countries in central and eastern Europe , '' Carter said .
`` This pre-positioned European activity set includes tanks , infantry fighting vehicles , artillery , '' they said .
Carter added that Estonia , Lithuania , Latvia , Bulgaria , Romania and Poland had `` agreed to host company- to battalion-sized elements of this equipment '' which would be `` moved around the region for training and exercises . ''
They said the move is to reassure NATO states against “ threats ” from Russia and terrorist groups .
Their comments come a day after they announced that the US would be contributing weapons , aircraft and forces for NATO 's new rapid reaction force .
Lithuanian Defense Minister Juozas Olekas ( left ) , US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter ( second left ) , Estonian Defense Minister Sven Mikser and Latvian Secretary of Defense Janis Sarts ( right ) , attend a joint press conference after a meeting in Tallinn , Estonia , June 23 , 2015 . ( AP photo )
According to the Associated Press , the contribution will consist of intelligence and surveillance capabilities , special operations forces , logistical aid , transport aircraft , and a range of weapons .
This is the first time since the end of the Cold War that Washington stations heavy military equipment in newer NATO members .
Military tensions between the United States and Russia have escalated steadily since April 2014 , when the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea reunited with the Russian Federation following a referendum a month earlier .
Washington accuses Moscow of arming and supporting pro-Russian forces fighting in the predominantly Russian-speaking areas in eastern Ukraine . Moscow calls the accusations `` groundless '' .
The US-led military buildup in NATO member states bordering Russia has drawn strong objections from Moscow , followed by warnings of a well-measured response .
The United States plans to bolster its armored presence and keep rotations of American troops in Eastern Europe to provide “ deterrence against Russian aggression . ”
GJH/GJH
JEFF PACHOUD / AFP / Getty Images Two French police officers , Raphaelle and their companion Fabienne , pose with one of their three children on Oct. 24 , 2012
This week , the leftist government of French President François Hollande initiated draft legislation legalizing marriage and adoption for same-sex couples . But it 's a bill already generating stronger opposition than many expected in this famously progressive society . Indeed , while the bill unveiled on Nov. 7 aims to fulfill one of Hollande 's more popular campaign pledges , recent polls show support sagging for moves to extend gay couples the same rights enjoyed by heterosexual unions . Some reports claim even the President may be less than convinced about the necessity of reform .
The clamor against gay marriage in France flies in the face of a country famous for its supposedly open-minded attitudes on a host of social and behavioral issues . And ironically , that hesitation also comes just as American voters — whom many French consider pathologically puritanical — passed same-sex-union ballot initiatives in three states on Nov. 6 . Contrasting with those progressive American election results are comments by French industrialist and conservative legislator Serge Dassault on the same day . Responding to Hollande 's same-sex-marriage reform , Dassault warned that its goal of giving gay and lesbian couples the same legal status as heterosexual unions meant the “ end of the family , the end of child development … an enormous danger for the entire nation . ”
( PHOTOS : A Visual History of the Gay-Rights Movement )
“ Look at history — it 's one of the reasons for the decadence of Greece , ” Dassault told France Culture radio in comments about legalizing same-gender marriage . “ There will be no more reproduction , so what 's the point ? Do we want a nation of gays ? If so , in 10 years , there 'll be no one left . It 's stupid . ”
Just who 's the prude now , chers français ?
The French legislation , dubbed Marriage for All , was introduced on Nov. 7 at the weekly Cabinet meeting as the first stop in its journey toward parliamentary debate in January . Its stated objective is to “ open marriage to couples of the same sex ” and “ consequentially also open the path to adoption for married people of the same sex ” .
Extending same-gender couples the same legal recognition and rights as married heterosexuals was a major plank in Hollande 's campaign platform earlier this year . It was also one of the main social reforms on which they clashed with French conservatives , who repeatedly rejected the idea during their decade in power . Given the left 's parliamentary majorities , there 's little risk the politically and socially symbolic bill will fail to gain passage and become law by mid-2013 .
“ This is a step toward equality that took too long in coming and is moving toward reality , ” said Women 's Rights Minister and government spokesperson Najat Vallaud-Belkacem during a weekly press briefing on Wednesday . “ It does n't represent a victory of one category of people over others , but a victory for society as a whole . ”
Not everyone in France sees it that way . In the run-up to the bill 's introduction on Wednesday , thousands of demonstrators joined protests across France denouncing the measure . A petition opposing the draft drew more than 1,000 signatures from mostly conservative mayors . Rightist politicians have challenged the bill with varying degrees of fury — Dassault representing the more bombastic extreme .
Jean-François Copé , leader of the right 's main Union for a Popular Movement party , called on Hollande to pull back what they called a badly prepared text creating change that France is not ready for . Christine Boutin — a former Cabinet member and Catholic fundamentalist — last month warned Parliament “ the logic of this situation is if we have marriage [ for everyone ] , we 'll move toward polygamy. ” A fellow conservative official did Boutin one better , throwing incest into the mix of new deviant trends the legalization of same-sex marriage and adoption would spawn .
More dignified opposition has come from a rare interfaith protest bloc . Leaders of all major religions in France — Catholic , Muslim , Protestant and Jewish — have decried the measure for upending traditional definitions of marriage and family . During an address to French bishops on Nov. 3 , Roman Catholic archbishop of Paris , André Vingt-Trois , also denounced the reform as “ a sham ” catering to a social minority , under which the definition of “ marriage of a few [ is ] imposed on everyone. ” They are n't alone in viewing the initiative as political pandering .
( MORE : International Gay Marriage )
“ There will be neither courage nor glory in voting a law that relies more on slogans than arguments and conforming to dominant political correctness out of fear of scorn , ” writes Gilles Bernheim , chief rabbi of France , in an open letter opposing the initiative .
That pushback would have materialized in any case , but it 's also being fueled by signs that French public support for the reform is waning . Though recent polls show a majority of people still supporting same-sex marriage and adoption rights , those levels appear to be dropping . A survey this month by Ifop for Le Monde shows support for legalization of same-sex marriage still at its historical high of 65 % , but the level regarding adoption dropping to 52 % . An annual poll published on Nov. 3 by BVA showed significant declines on both questions .
Now , according to one French news report on Thursday , even ( the unmarried ) Hollande is not that convinced the measure is as socially , ethically or legally important as it is politically significant .
Christiane Taubira , the French Justice Minister sponsoring the bill , dismissed any doubts about Hollande 's commitment to the bill , or the government 's determination to remedy long-standing injustices . “ This is the audacity of equality , ” Taubira told a press conference on Wednesday about the reform . “ This is about respecting values of equality for everyone and acting in the best interests of children . ”
It 's unlikely external opposition — and even some waffling among leftist politicians — will prevent the bill from becoming law . Yet its passage still wo n't allow France to stake out any particularly lofty progressive high ground vis-à-vis European partners , or even some U.S. states . Twelve countries — including the U.K. , Sweden and Denmark — have already enacted laws placing same-sex marriages on the same footing as heterosexual unions . On Wednesday , Spain 's Supreme Court struck down the final legal challenge to a law legalizing same-sex marriages and adoption .
Several other countries and U.S. states , meanwhile , allow gay and lesbian individuals and couples to adopt children — even in some places where same-sex marriage as such is n't recognized . On Wednesday , voters in Maine , Maryland and Washington State cleared the way for legalization of same-sex marriage by passing state initiatives on the issue . In Minnesota , a proposal to alter the state constitution to prohibit recognizing same-sex couples as married was defeated .
Now , those and other U.S. states that have previously adopted equal or neutral positions on same-gender unions and parenting must wait to see if the famously live-and-let-live French will take the same steps as their less puritain American peers .
MORE : Marriage Victories Are ( Slowly ) Transforming the Notion of Family
With the NHL lockout firmly in place and both sides entrenched for what may be a long , drawn out battle , we 're taking this opportunity to explore the musical side of the National Hockey League . Each week , we 'll see what happens when hockey and music collide .
Join us as we Rock Out for the Lockout .
The 1992-93 Toronto Maple Leafs – “ The Leafs are the Best ”
The 1991-92 was a rough season for the Toronto Maple Leafs . Their 67 points were fourth-worst in the NHL . They 'd missed the playoffs for the second straight season . Only the Hartford Whalers , Quebec Nordiques , and San Jose Sharks were worse . Of course , the Sharks were in their very first season in the NHL ; the Leafs were in their 65th . The Whalers would soon move to Raleigh . The Nordiques would pack their bags for the Mile-High City . As for the Leafs , they would remain in Toronto , but not all the 1991-92 Leafs players would be there .
On January 2 , 1992 , new Leafs GM Cliff Fletcher swung one of the biggest deals in NHL history – one that dramatically improved the Leafs roster . Sent packing were Craig Berube , Gary Leeman , Michel Petit , Alexander Godynyuk , and Jeff Reese . Coming back the other way from Calgary were Jamie Macoun , Ric Nattress , Kent Manderville , Rick Wamsley , and hall-of-famer Doug Gilmour . Pretty safe to say that Fletcher fleeced their former team in that trade .
Goaltender Grant Fuhr would be sent packing prior to the 1992-93 trade deadline , bringing Dave Andreychuk , Darren Puppa , and a first rounder ( who would become blueliner Kenny Jonsson ) into the fold .
Obviously , hopes were high for the Toronto Maple Leafs .
So high , in fact , that the Leafs decided to celebrate their success in song . No , not just a song — a long-form music video with a ‘ We Are the World'-style chorus , complete with NHL-dreaming Starter-jacket-wearing children and a cameo by the man-who-would-be-Austin-Powers , Mike Myers… oh , and a second song , “ The Playoffs are Here , ” after the ‘ behind-the-scenes footage .
( Gilmour with the motorcycle and the leather jacket ? Killer indeed . )
For a team coming off two straight seasons without playoffs , “ The Leafs are the Best ” was probably a bit of hyperbole . Even in 1992-93 , when they were vastly improved , it was a stretch . In the regular season , they were n't even the best in their own division . The Chicago Blackhawks and Detroit Red Wings both finished higher in the Norris Division . In the postseason , they fared a bit better . Toronto made it to the Conference Finals , leading the series 3-2 before dropping two straight to Wayne Gretzky and the Los Angeles Kings . Still , far from the best .
What musical masterminds could be behind this masterpiece ? Well , the lead vocals were supplied by Richard Samuels and Ninette Terhart ( that 's her , taking a Crosby-esque dive on the ice at the 5:50 mark ) .
While Samuels and Allan Greenspoon helped out with the songwriting , there 's one other lyricist involved that you might not have expected – Glenn Anderson . That 's right , the man who won six Stanley Cups with the Oilers and Rangers , who is forever enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame with 498 career NHL goals and 1099 NHL points , is also a songwriter . Who knew ?
For the rest of the entries in this ongoing series ,
do n't miss Now That 's What I Call Lockout !
This article is over 4 years old
Great dane from Kalamazoo , Michigan , who was 218cm tall on their hind legs , dies two months before their sixth birthday
A great dane from Michigan that held the title of world 's tallest dog has died aged five .
Its owner , Kevin Doorlag , told the Kalamazoo Gazette that Zeus made their debut in the 2012 edition of Guinness World Records as the tallest living dog . Zeus was 112cm ( 44in ) tall at the shoulder and 218cm tall on their hind legs .
They died last week from old age , just two months shy of their sixth birthday , according to Doorlag .
Zeus weighed 75kg ( 11.8st ) and ate a 13.6kg bag of food every two weeks , the Battle Creek Enquirer reported .
Zeus was a local celebrity in the Kalamazoo area and frequently visited local schools and hospitals as a therapy dog .
US President Donald Trump on Tuesday spoke to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Jordanian King Abdullah II over the phone , informing them separately of their “ intention ” to relocate the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .
Trump “ informed the president ( Abbas ) on their intention to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , ” a statement from the Palestinian presidency said .
The Royal Hashemite court released a statement with similar language .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
It was not clear from either statement if Trump planned to move the embassy immediately or at some point in the future , with no further details provided .
Abbas told the US leader the “ firm ” Palestinian position is “ there is no Palestinian state without East Jerusalem as its capital , ” the readout said .
The PA president also warned Trump that moving the embassy to Jerusalem would be dangerous for the peace process , as well as to peace and security across the region and the world .
The PA president 's spokesperson Nabil Abu Rudeineh said Abbas would continue to be in touch with world leaders to prevent what they called the “ unacceptable action . ”
The Jordanian king warned Trump of the “ danger ” the measure will have if taken outside the framework of a comprehensive solution for a Palestinian state . They also cautioned it will have “ dangerous repercussions ” for peace and stability throughout the region and the world , according to the kingdom 's readout of the call .
The White House said Trump was also scheduled to speak with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
Trump 's call to Abbas and Abdullah came with Palestinian and Arab leaders warning that US recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital would ruin Trump 's efforts to reach an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal .
Abbas has been speaking with world leaders over the past several days as part of diplomatic efforts to persuade Trump not to make the move .
Trump on Monday delayed a decision on whether to recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital and move the US embassy there .
The White House said Trump would miss a deadline to decide on shifting the embassy from Tel Aviv , after a frantic 48 hours of public warnings from allies and private phone calls between world leaders .
There have been suggestions they will stop short of moving the embassy for now but recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital — a move that would upturn years of precedent and run contrary to international consensus .
Nabil Shaath , an adviser to Abbas , told journalists on Tuesday that a decision by Trump to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital “ totally destroys any chance that they will play a role as an honest broker . ”
Israel captured East Jerusalem and the West Bank in the 1967 Six Day War . It later extended sovereignty over East Jerusalem in a move never recognized by the international community . Israel claims the entire city as its undivided capital , while the Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state .
The city 's status is among the most difficult issues in the conflict . US traditional policy has been that its status must be negotiated between the two parties .
As a capitalist , additionally simply merely a beginner , you doubtless already perceive all regarding repossessions . Foreclosures occur once a creditor is incapable to pay off their mortgage or not capable to supply their direct a definite time-frame . Real Estate Investor once a residential property becomes a part of proceeding , that home changes back to the mortgage financial institution , that needs to supply it whatever expenses . is } wherever the chance to earn cash as a true estate capitalist can be found in . varied prepossessions ar oversubscribed for a little of their affordable value . Many times , foreclosures will be situated on the market at the speed that was left on the currently confiscate home mortgage .
If you are merely beginning via property finance , there are some important factors that you simply need to understand prepossessions , if you would like to possess the power to exploit them . May be , the foremost important purpose to think about is their charm . Because it was erst while mentioned , a mess of people , each year , take a stab at coming back to be a true estate capitalist . it is no secret that possessions the key to success . That simply what makes ofttimes makes them prime holding for associate capitalist , like you . To be ready to legalise the investment of a appropriated home , you need to perpetually keep your eyes and ears open .
Real Estate Investor The faster you find and build plans to induce repossessions , the simpler it\ 'll definitely be to trump the competition . once finance , it is important to induce the simplest bang for your buck . many of us have created finance in property a awfully profitable venture for themselves . a number of tips follow below to help you in your property investment goals.Make sure to teach yourself on property before you get into finance . doing all of your analysis and educating yourself is a very important a part of finance in property . it is suggested that you simply analysis the maximum amount data as attainable to raised your probabilities of success.However supported the most recent loaning knowledge the anticipated increase in property investments is nonetheless to fall out .
Instead of property investors it is initial time owner occupiers United Nations agency ar athletics into the market helped partially by government input payment . therefore why ar property investors not doing the same ? There ar variety of reasons why investors might not be getting into the property market . Over the last decade it appeared that every one one required to try and do was borrow cash and obtain shares or property to form a profit , several were fooled into thinking that they were wise investors by these straightforward gains . sadly this debt fuelled payment could not last and like all bubble it had to burst leading to the economic dissolve and world Recession that we have a tendency to see nowadays .
BIGBANG additionally confirmed their concert in Fukuoka , Japan in next year 's February .
BIGBANG is the first foreign artist in Japan to have dome concert tour three years in a row . They will start their concert in November and decided to have 2 additional dome concert on February 6 and 7 at Yahuoku Dome in Fukuoka .
‘ BIGBANG WORLD TOUR 2015~2016 ‘ MADE ' IN JAPAN start from November 12~15 in Tokyo Dome , then continue in 20~22 in Kyocera Dome Osaka , 28~29 in Yahuoku Dome Fukuoka , December 5~6 in Nagoya Dome , and January 9~11 in Kyocera Dome Osaka . There will be 701,000 people in total in 14 times of concerts in 4 cities . But due to fans ' support , there will be two more additional concerts in Yahuoku Dome in Fukuoka .
BIGBANG now recorded the most audiences , surpassing the ‘ BIGBANG JAPAN DOME TOUR 2013~2014 ' , which recorded 771,000 people in total in 16 times of concerts in 6 cities .
Before the November 's Dome Tour , BIGBANG 's best live performances will be on screen in all theatres of Japan , starting from October 17 . ‘ BIGBANG ; BEST LIVE SELECTION 2012~2015 ' includes hit songs or best live performances , and ‘ BANG BANG BANG ' performance that they showed at ‘ a-nation stadium fes.2015 ' , which was one of the ‘ MADE ' series .
BIGBANG is currently touring in American west such as Las Vegas , LA , Anaheim , and Mexico , making 49,000 fans wild . They will continue their tour on October 10 and 11 in New Jersey , U.S. , and in Toronto , Canada .
Neil deGrasse Tyson is an astrophysicist and director of the Hayden Planetarium at the American Museum of Natural History . They are the go-to scientist for many late night hosts , including Stephen Colbert and Bill Maher . They are going to be hosting the reboot of the late Carl Sagan ‘ s popular TV series Cosmos . These and many other reasons are why you 'd want to listen to Tyson when they start talking about science . And during tonight 's episode of Real Time , they patiently tried to explain the science behind global warming .
RELATED : Neil deGrasse Tyson Sympathizes With Newt Gingrich 's Moon Mission
Maher brought up the subject to panelist and former GM vice president Bob Lutz , bringing up Lutz 's previous comments insisting global warming is a “ total crock of sh * t. ” They argued tonight that abnormal weather patterns have been “ a fact of life ” all throughout human history . Maher challenged Lutz on this by citing the “ overwhelming consensus ” in the scientific community on global warming . Lutz denied such a consensus existed , and Maher responded by saying that Lutz was “ in the bubble . ”
Now , at this point in the segment , I was practically yelling at the TV , “ There 's a scientist right next to you ! Let them speak , damn it ! ” And right on cue , Maher turned to Tyson to let them explain global warming science . Tyson explained that throughout history , human beings have slowly but surely come to accept certain scientific principles as truth after first denying them , then claiming they are in opposition to religious doctrine . Maher suggested the United States has gone backwards from the Republican party acknowledging its existence but merely having a difference of opinion on how to solve it to flat-out denial .
Tyson cited differences in the behaviors of animals and plants , saying that “ nature already knows the answer to what everyone is arguing about . That 's how I get my cued. ” Lutz rebutted Tyson 's argument by saying that predictions made in the 90s about global warming have not come true , which had absolutely nothing to do with what Tyson was saying . They also insisted that science does n't operate on consensus , which Tyson shot down by saying that science does , in fact , operate on consensus , just on the consensus of experimentation . And Tyson had a little experiment of their own to suggest to Lutz .
“ You take all the scientists who author these papers , get them to pool their money and invest in companies that would benefit from global warming . And take all the people who are in denial of global warming , take all their money and invest in companies that would presume there is no global warming . And I would predict… you will all go broke in the next 50 years . ”
And when Lutz and Maher were about to get into an argument about the last decade being the hottest on record , Tyson did n't bother taking sides , saying both men could be correct because they 're not necessarily talking about the same thing .
RELATED : Rick Santorum On Why He 's Most Electable : I Did n't Buy Into ‘ Global Warming Hoax '
I 'm not a scientist , nor do I have that thorough of an understanding of scientific theories . But when it comes to issues of science , I tend to trust the opinions of scientists who actually study these things . If we 're going to talk about health care or global warming or , say , astrophysics , the people you need to get on the phone first are scientists , not pundits . There was a New York Times column a few weeks ago by John Allen Paulos asking why we do n't elect more scientists . It 's obviously important to have lawmakers in institutions where law is made , but you also want people who know what they 're talking about .
Watch the exchange below , courtesy of HBO :
Editor 's note : This post has been edited since it 's original posting – Jon Nicosia
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
So , another addition to my nightmares portfolio ! Took a solid bit of my day to finish , but I am quite happy as how it turned out . Last time I draw a monster for the DID ( Dissociative Identity Disorder ) and you can check it out here : ionic-squid-generator.tumblr.c…
Tourette 's was once considered a rare and bizarre syndrome , most often associated with the exclamation of obscene words or socially inappropriate and derogatory remarks ( coprolalia ) , but this symptom is present in only a small minority of people with Tourette 's . Tourette 's is no longer considered a rare condition , but it is not always correctly identified because most cases are mild and the severity of tics decreases for most children as they pass through adolescence . Between 0.4 % and 3.8 % of children ages 5 to 18 may have Tourette 's ; the prevalence of other tic disorders in school-age children is higher , with the more common tics of eye blinking , coughing , throat clearing , sniffing , and facial movements . Extreme Tourette 's in adulthood is a rarity , and Tourette 's does not adversely affect intelligence or life expectancy .
- Source : Wikipedia
All responsible dog owners know to never leave a dog inside a locked car , especially during hot days . The temperature inside the car can rise up to 114-119 Fahrenheit in just a few minutes .
If you 're in Florida and you happen to see a dog locked inside a hot car , it is now legal for you to smash that car 's window to help get the dog out ! Yup , thanks to the “ Unattended Persons and Animals in Motor Vehicles ” House Bill 131 !
The bill states that good samaritans are now immune to the civil liability for the damage done to the vehicle because of the rescue .
But before you go smashing that window , here 's what you should do :
1 . Determine if the vehicle is locked , or see if there 's any way that the dog can exit the car without assistance
2 . Call 911 or notify law enforcement before entering the vehicle or immediately after
3 . Use no more force than what is necessary to get the animal out of the vehicle
4 . Stay with the rescued animal until law enforcers arrive
For more details , here 's the link for the PDF of the House Bill 131 .
You can also read more about this story at Bored Panda and at BarkPost .
If you 're living in another state and you 're not sure what to do , read this POST .
Do you want a healthier & happier dog ? Join our email list & we 'll donate 1 meal to a shelter dog in need !
Wembley had been transformed into a giant Springsteen jukebox – all bets were off as to what they would play next . `` We can keep on taking requests , '' Springsteen said , `` or we can play the entire Darkness on the Edge of Town record . '' Naturally the audience went bananas . It was the first time a British audience has been treated to Springsteen performing an entire album and from the fiery intensity of Adam Raised a Cain to Max Weinberg 's menacing drums on Something in the Night to Nils Lofgren spinning on one foot while playing the guitar solo during Prove it all Night with their teeth it was breathtaking .
The audience were about as jubilant as it was possible to be considering they were hearing 10 songs streaked with anger , despair and desperation . And then it was back to the jukebox – the whole stadium singing Waiting on a Sunny Day back to a grinning Bruce . The man is in indecently good shape for someone who will be 64 in September . I looked around at the crowd , many of whom looked like they were n't even born the last time Springsteen was at Wembley . The youthful enthusiasm of the audience had clearly affected Springsteen – even Born to Run , which they sing every show , felt newly urgent . Dancing in the Dark prompted a sprouting of beautiful young women – standing on friends ' shoulders waving placards begging Bruce to dance with them . `` One Dollar to Dance with my mum '' read one sign , complete with dollar note . That did the trick . The last time Springsteen played London was the night of the Hyde Park shutdown – they and McCartney had the power pulled during Twist and Shout . This time we heard the full song followed by an emotional 10th Avenue Freeze-Out with tributes to lost comrades Clarence Clemons and Danny Federici and then just as it seemed like it was all over they had one final surprise – Thunder Road , Springsteen alone on stage , their voice echoing around the stadium . And with that they were gone . As they left the stage I saw a girl with a sign – not a song request but a statement . It read : `` Thanks for making our lives better . ''
Over the past few days , Torontonians have had their first official look at a new City Hall exhibit of a selection of remarkable archeological artifacts found under a parking lot just west of Nathan Phillips Square . The dig , overseen by Infrastructure Ontario and completed in 2015 , unearthed more than half a million artifacts from a working class , immigrant enclave that dates to the mid-19th century . For the next five years , rotating displays in the foyer of City Hall — the first mark 's the black history of St. John 's Ward — will showcase more of these objects and the stories behind them , stories that will reveal how waves of immigrants and refugees shaped Toronto .
A plate inspired by the 1852 novel Uncle Tom 's Cabin is among displayed this week at City Hall dug from under where Toronto 's new courthouse will one day stand . ( Rene Johnston Toronto Star / Toronto Star )
But these items should also serve as a pointed reminder that Toronto 's rich history lacks a container — a museum where residents , students and tourists can learn about how an indigenous meeting place grew to be a global city . For a few years , we 'll have an opportunity to view a tiny selection of these discoveries , and some artifacts will find a permanent home in a display planned for the new courthouse being built on the parking lot site . But the vast majority will go back into storage , perhaps in the Liberty Village warehouse that currently contains some 150,000 objects from Toronto 's past . As it happens , a solution to this problem is hiding in plain view , but for the political and civic will to transform an increasingly obvious platform into a reality .
Article Continued Below
With the courts set to move out of Old City Hall , Toronto has an exceptional opportunity to reclaim a grand and complicated building , and put it to work as a place where Toronto 's stories — and the countless hidden objects that reinforce those tales — can be curated , explained , debated and reinterpreted . Old City Hall should — indeed must — become the Toronto Museum . And here 's a second proposal to accompany that one : Toronto can challenge itself to establish Old City Hall as our museum in time for the City 's bicentennial , in 2034 . Although that date may seem like a long way off , 17 years is n't that much in municipal time . Most importantly , it 's a span that would allow us to get it right , as a city museum , especially one destined for a heritage building . Old City Hall exemplifies much about Toronto 's history : the Romanesque structure , designed by E.J . Lennox , opened in 1899 — late , overbudget and mired in scandal . But its size and architecture expressed the city 's turn-of-the-century ambitions : Toronto 's population was exploding , fuelled by mass immigration , including newcomers who were neither white , Christian nor English-speaking . The building literally overlooked Toronto 's first arrival city — “ The Ward ” — and later almost fell victim to the waves of demolition that accompanied the urban renewal visions of the 1950s and 1960s . But citizens groups planted themselves in the way of a plan to knock down all but the clock tower , and Old City Hall lived to see another day .
Torontonians have been arguing about a Toronto museum for at least a generation , but the debate has been mostly abstract because no one could envision a building , much less a capital campaign . While much of the discussion about a Toronto Museum has featured competing visions of what such an institution should aspire to be , Old City Hall has both the space and the history to provide an appropriately diverse vision of what such a facility can offer . It 's also perfectly located , close to transit , the Eaton 's Centre and of course Nathan Phillips Square , one of Toronto 's most visited places .
Article Continued Below
So why 17 years ? To do the job properly , the City of Toronto needs to either establish an independent non-profit organization to run the museum or negotiate a partnership with an existing cultural institution — a critical governance move that necessarily precedes everything else . The board of directors of said non-profit would need adequate time to simultaneously fundraise and develop a curatorial vision for this museum — again , tasks that need to be done carefully but expansively . Last , the City and a Toronto Museum foundation would need to negotiate and execute an ambitious cost-shared capital refurbishment plan to undo decades of crummy courtroom renovations , create an accessible gallery and public spaces with links to the PATH system , and determine which parts of the huge building could be leased out for other complementary uses . The physical refurbishment could be expected to take a decade alone . Municipal officials last fall conducted a low-key public consultation about the viability of this idea , and , at least from what I 'm hearing , many people with an interest in a Toronto museum are now aware of the potential . As Torontonians drop by City Hall and inspect this temporary exhibit of long-hidden archeological objects , they should ask themselves , as well as members of council , whether it 's time to give our remarkable histories the home they deserve . John Lorinc is a Toronto journalist and co-editor of The Ward : The Life and Loss of Toronto 's First Immigrant Neighbourhood . Two of the book 's co-editors , ERA Architect 's Michael McClelland and Tatum Taylor , curated the City Hall exhibit on behalf of Infrastructure Ontario and the City of Toronto .
A blast of wind hit 148 mph on Monarch Pass Thursday , the highest gust recorded in Colorado by the National Weather Service .
The gust , out of the west , was recorded at 7:36 p.m .
Thunder and light snow accompanied the wicked wind , which included less volatile gusts of 98 and 62 mph in the area after 7 p.m. that night .
Thursday 's Monarch Pass blast bests a previous gust of 147 mph on Jan. 25 , 1971 , recorded at the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) in Boulder .
A gust of 201 mph was recorded on Longs Peak in the winter of 1981 , during a special one-year project sponsored by the Rocky Mountain Nature Association .
Wind measurements in Colorado are deemed “ unofficial ” by the state climatologist , said Kyle Mozley , a meteorologist with NWS in Pueblo .
The weather sensor at the Monarch Pass station stopped recording data later Thursday night when ” heating elements stop performing , ” the weather service said Friday .
Although there was a loss of data , the mishap did not result in “ a false spiking up of recorded wind gusts . ”
The Colorado Division of Aeronautics and the NWS Pueblo agreed that the record 148 mph wind gust above Monarch Pass was “ true . ”
The Monarch Pass automated weather station sits above the top of U.S. Highway 50 , east of the roadway atop a mountainside at 12,031-feet elevation .
Go to https : //www.codot.gov/programs/aeronautics/co_awos for information on 12 automated weather sites in the Colorado high country .
Kieran Nicholson : 303-954-1822 , knicholson @ denverpost.com or @ kierannicholson
CHICOPEE — Police will seek a criminal complaint in district court against a 27-year-old resident for threatening to commit a crime after police said they wrote the term `` put wings on pigs '' on their Facebook page .
The phrase is the same one that Ismaaiyl Brinsley used on Instagram just before ambushing New York police officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos on Saturday . The two officers were shot to death in their car , and Brinsley later committed suicide .
`` In the eyes of every police officer in America today , 'Putting wings on pigs ' is a threat , '' said Michael Wilk , Chicopee Police Department spokesperson .
Members of the detective bureau will file a complaint with Chicopee District Court against Charles `` Charlie '' DiRosa , Wilk said .
If the court determines the complaint is valid , DiRosa will be summonsed into court for a trial , they said .
Wilk said the department was notified of the post by an anonymous message from someone who sent the police a link to DiRosa 's Facebook account .
After a weekend in which the two NYPD officers were shot to death and officer Charles `` Charlie K '' Kondek was shot to death and run over by a suspect in Tarpon Springs , Florida , Wilk said the department was in no mood to treat DiRosa 's Facebook post lightly .
In addition to the show-cause complaint , the department also sent out an advisory to area departments , the Massachusetts State Police and to the Commonwealth Fusion Center , which sent the information to every police department in the state , they said . According to the state 's website , the Fusion Center provides 24 hours a day statewide information sharing among local , state and federal public safety agencies and private sector organizations .
The advisory , which features photos of DiRosa from their Facebook page , describes them as `` currently on probation , '' but did not specify the offenses for which he 's been convicted .
It notes they are not known to have any firearms , but officers are encouraged `` to use extreme caution '' when they encounter him .
Given the violence toward police in recent days as well as the planned commemoration tonight in Holyoke of the 1999 shooting death of officer John DiNapoli , Wilk said the department has no choice but to treat the comment with deadly seriousness .
The department only learned of the posting after someone notified police , they said .
`` We are not looking on Facebook ( for comments ) , '' they said . `` Someone sent us a message to let us know and that they were concerned because they do n't want to see us hurt . ''
TORONTO — Canada 's largest private sector union is condemning a federal agency for lending roughly $ 526 million to Volkswagen to expand its operations in the U.S. and Mexico .
Unifor issued a statement Friday saying it 's “ absolutely incredible ” that Export Development Canada is helping facilitate the migration of the auto industry to Mexico .
Unifor president Jerry Dias says there is no guarantee that the loan will benefit Canada .
In a statement earlier this week , EDC said the financing to the German automaker is designed to create opportunities for qualified small and medium-sized Canadian companies to win new business with the global automotive giant .
But Dias says there are no requirements for Volkswagen to buy anything from Canadian auto parts firms .
Dias is calling for Industry Minister James Moore to review EDC 's actions and to prohibit future loans to automakers in other countries .
“ If the Canadian government is really interested in supporting the auto parts sector , then it should focus on winning new investments and creating new jobs right here in Canada , ” said Dias in a news release .
“ It is painfully ironic that we recently lost out on a lucrative engine investment in Windsor by Ford , largely because of inadequate government support . Yet we can somehow find $ 526 million to help a foreign firm invest in Mexico , ” they said in the statement .
Export Development Canada is a Crown agency that 's role is to develop Canada 's export trade . It operates at arm 's length from government .
Tesla and SpaceX CEO met with Donald Trump on Monday , and just a day later , he 's expressing optimism about Trump 's choice for Secretary of State , former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson .
On the surface , you 'd be forgiven for assuming that Tillerson as Secretary of State would be at odds with Musk 's worldview , given the former 's 40+ years of service at a company that produces fossil fuels as its primary business . But Musk replied to an Economics post outlining reasons Tillerson might not be such a bad choice to lead U.S. foreign policy decision-making under Trump .
This may sound surprising coming from me , but I agree with The Economist . Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) January 24 , 2017
Musk also replied to requests from followers to shed light on why , exactly , they would hold such a counterintuitive opinion regarding Tillerson 's selection . The Tesla founder called Tillerson “ exceptionally competent , ” referring specifically to their tenure at Exxon , and also praised their understanding of global politics . They added in a separate tweet that they believe Tillerson deserves “ the benefit of the doubt ” pending actions that would contradict that optimism .
Rex is an exceptionally competent executive , understands geopolitics and knows how to win for their team . Their team is now the USA . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) January 24 , 2017
Tillerson has supported a carbon tax previously in their role leading CEO as the most effective way to control industrial impact on climate change , but their former company is under investigation by the state of New York for potentially misleading the public regarding climate change 's effects . In the end , critics suggest Tillerson 's prior acknowledgement of climate change as a problem and proposed solutions were more about alleviating criticism levied against ExxonMobil , and less about effecting real change .
The proposed Secretary of State , who moved one step closer to becoming confirmed in their role , also has close ties to Russia , including a deal made in 2011 in which they exchanged arctic drilling rights for access to supply from Texas and Gulf of Mexico oil fields , as TIME noted in December .
Musk met with Donald Trump previously at a sit-down with tech industry leaders late last year , and also joined their Strategic and Policy Forum . In a prior Q & A with investors , they noted that Trump 's obvious bullishness on fossil fuels might not necessarily preclude potential upside for the alternative fuels sector .
Because SpaceX and Tesla also house so much of their manufacturing operation in the U.S. , Musk also likely has reason to be optimistic given Trump 's vocal promotion of U.S.-based manufacturing and regulatory relaxation for companies that choose to build domestically . Still , it 's incredibly weird and at least a little troubling to see them express positive feelings about a Secretary of State pick whose career history has seemed at odds with the public corporate missions of both Tesla and SolarCity .
- Advertisement -
In Mr. Ed Tubbs recent article , Today is the Fourth . Stand up . For at least once in your life STAND UP ! , they attack anonymous and pseudonymous writers as `` summer soldiers '' and spineless cowards . I write this in respectful disagreement .
I write under my real name most of the time . I use pseudonyms occasionally , such as when I write satire or sarcasm that I would rather not be associated with my `` serious '' byline . But I use `` JC Garrett '' when I write articles , while I use `` Chris Garrett '' when writing to my Congressman , Senators and most other government officials . Both are my real name , but I would rather not make it easy for a simple computer search by a staffer to find out exactly what kind of trouble that dissident , Chris Garrett , has been stirring up . It helps ensure that `` Chris Garrett '' does n't get blacklisted from congressional e-mail lists . And since my Congressman was a prominent judge before my mentally-challenged neighbors foolishly elected them to represent them in Washington , it provides a slight buffer to the harassment and vindictive abuses of power in which those in high positions so frequently engage . He 's got buddies in the sheriff 's office who would be glad to oblige a request to make someone 's life a little less pleasant .
While I do n't usually fly or travel out of the country , many people have been added to the government watchlists because of their letters to the editor of their home-town newspapers . This is not an exaggeration . It is a fact . The Washington Post reported in September 2007 that Zakariya Reed , a Toledo firefighter , `` has been detained at least seven times at the Michigan border since fall 2006 . '' They were questioned twice by border officials about `` politically charged '' opinion pieces they had published in their local newspaper that were critical of U.S. policy in the Middle East . Once , they said , `` they had them printed out on the table in front of me . ''
Too often , dissent is treated as a crime . The `` incitement '' doctrine has been used to crack down on free speech , and the Patriot Act has removed any barriers that once held the state in check . It 's amazing how far we have drifted from what used to be known as freedom . President Abraham Lincoln once said :
- Advertisement -
This country , with its institutions , belongs to the people who inhabit it . Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government , they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it , or their revolutionary right to dismember or overthrow it .
But now we have come to the point at which even suggesting overthrowing the current government can land a loyal citizen who considers themselves a patriot in prison for years . And something as simple as writing an op-ed criticizing George W. can get you detained , harassed or worse .
Moreover , the idea that a person must sign their `` Christian '' name to their writings for their contents to be considered legitimate is hokum . Whether I sign my article with my given name or another , the substance of the piece is still the same . It contains the same facts and opinions , the same perspective , and the same purpose no matter the insignificant scribbling of a moniker that is attached to it .
- Advertisement -
Also , the writer who uses a pseudonym does the general public no injustice . What does the public , most of whom have never and will never meet the author , care about whether it is `` John Smith '' or `` Sandy Sand '' who makes a good point about how much of a moron the president is ? What is the benefit to Ed Tubbs to know that JC Garrett from East Texas wrote this piece ? Would it not contain exactly the same words and meaning if it were signed `` CG Jarrett '' ? The reader is not edified or sleighted in any way by the use of either . The writer defrauds no one by keeping their legal identity and place of residence secret . Why would it matter to Mr. Tubbs whether I typed ( actually , hunted-and-pecked ) this in Piscataway , New Jersey or Booger Holler , Arkansas ?
No , the main purpose of anonymity or pseudonymity when writing of dirty politics and corrupt government is to protect the writer from the government of which they write . Another purpose is to reduce the chances of being ostracized by family , friends and neighbors for their views . It does not render an author a coward to write anonymously or pseudonymously . It means they are cautious and vigilant , knowing that the present government is not known for its toleration of dissent , and that the Vice President themselves blew the identity of a covert agent in retaliation over an opinion piece written by their husband . That 's not scared , that 's smart .
Perhaps Mr. Tubbs has not heard of Laura Berg , the nurse at a Veterans Affairs hospital who was threatened with a sedition investigation after writing a letter to the editor criticizing the Bush administration 's shameful handling of Hurricane Katrina and the Iraq war .
Yes , sedition : inciting rebellion against the government .
What terroristic , unpatriotic , treasonous words did Ms. Berg write that would trigger such a reaction ?
I am furious with the tragically misplaced priorities and criminal negligence of this government ... We need to wake up and get real here , and act forcefully to remove a government administration playing games of smoke and mirrors and vicious deceit . - Advertisement -
That 's all it took to bring the full weight of the Bushie-infested government crashing down on their head . The New York Times told the story this way :
Them superiors at the hospital soon alerted the Federal Bureau of Investigation and impounded their office computer , where they keep the case files of war-scarred veterans they treat . Then they received an official warning in which a Veterans Affairs investigator intoned that their letter “ potentially represents sedition . ”
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
Optogenetics . Inhibition of FS-PV activity during attention : SwiChR was activated pseudorandomly in 50 % of the trials by 0.5 , 1.0 or 2.0 s ( separate sessions ) of 473 nm blue light upon trial start . SwiChR was deactivated by application of 1 s red light ( 638 nm ) after ending of the pseudorandom delay . Activation of FS-PV neurons during attention : ChR2 was activated by blue light ( 473 nm at different frequencies ) throughout the pseudorandom delay or during the last 2 s of the delay .
( B ) Training in the 3-CSRTT . The animals were trained at six levels defined by specific criteria . The criteria of each level had to be met for two consecutive days for progression to the next level . After successfully reaching the target criteria ( = level 6 , two consecutive days with ≥ 50 correct trials , ≥ 80 % accuracy and ≤ 20 % omissions ; pseudorandom delay ( 3 , 4 or 5 s ) , 1 s cue , 5 s maximum response time ) the animals were subjected to chronic electrophysiological recordings or optogenetic manipulations .
( C–F ) Training data for the animals used ; n = 13 PV-Cre mice ( 3 chronic recordings during behavior + 5 SwiChR during behavior + 5 ChR2 during behavior ) . Data represent average performance during each training level .
( C ) The average number of days ( i.e. , sessions ) spent at each training level .
( D ) Development of accuracy ( number of correct trials / ( number of correct trials + number of incorrect trials ) ) during training .
( E ) Number of premature and omitted responses during the different training levels .
( F ) The reaction time for correct and incorrect responses during training . Correct responses are consistently faster than incorrect responses ( paired t test ) .
∗p < 0.05 , ∗∗p < 0.01 ; error bars , mean ± SEM .
Twenty years ago today , moviegoers had their first opportunity to take in Natural Born Killers , Oliver Stone 's bloody , grim , and broadly satiric take on serial killers , celebrity culture , and tabloid media . But those who sought out the film on more obscure grounds were in for a disappointment . Quentin Tarantino was not yet a household name ; they were still an acquired taste , thanks to the less-than-stellar box office of their 1992 's Reservoir Dogs ( which they wrote and directed ) and 1993 's True Romance ( writer only ) . Their small ( yet rapidly expanding ) cult following was thrilled at the prospect of a new Tarantino movie—but by the time Natural Born Killers reached the screen , it was no longer the movie Tarantino had penned . Their screenplay had been so drastically rewritten , we were told , that they had elected only to take a “ story by ” credit . And that , presumably , was the last we 'd hear about Mr. Tarantino 's Natural Born Killers .
But as is so often the case , they found a way — when there was money to be made . After Pulp Fiction became a worldwide indie movie sensation ( and is this a good time to mention that there 's a very fine book about that subject , now available online or at your local bookseller ? ) , its published screenplay became a surprise bestseller . And then Grove Press paired the scripts for Reservoir Dogs and True Romance , published that , and had a hit as well . Buoyed by that success , they went one step further : publishing a Tarantino script that had n't actually been made . And thus , with the 1995 publication of Natural Born Killers : The Original Screenplay , we were able to get a taste of what QT 's version of the 1994 hit might have been .
But first , some background . Natural Born Killers grew out of Tarantino 's original , massive script for True Romance ( itself a rewrite of a script called The Open Road , by Tarantino 's occasional collaborator and video store co-worker Roger Avary ) . It was originally , oddly enough , a film-within-a-film ; True Romance 's character Clarence ( played by Christian Slater in Tony Scott 's eventual film version ) was writing a screenplay while traveling across the country with Alabama ( Patricia Arquette ) , and that ultra-violet road movie in their mind was what became Natural Born Killers .
Tarantino wrote these scripts during their fabled period at Video Archives , jockeying the video store counter all day , watching movies all night , and translating those images into their own scripts at every opportunity . Their goal , of course , was to direct the films himself . When they were unable to put together the funds to make True Romance , they decided that their next attempt would have to be a smaller movie , easier to make on a low budget .
And those parameters go a long way to explain the approach — and key difference from Stone 's eventual version — of Tarantino 's Natural Born Killers . While Woody Harrelson 's Mickey and Juliette Lewis 's Mallory are unquestionably the protagonists of Stone 's NBK , they are decidedly supporting players in Quentin 's take . Their main character is Wayne Gale , “ a young , energetic commando journalist à la Geraldo Rivera , ” eventually played ( with an Australian accent unmentioned in the Tarantino script ) by Robert Downey Jr. And a good chunk of Tarantino 's script is spent with Gale and their production team : a cameraman , a soundman , and an assistant , whom Tarantino named ( respectively ) Scott , Roger , and Julie , all after their co-workers at Video Archives .
Their first appearance is indicative of the differences between the two scripts . Gale and their team are seen in a restaurant “ adorned with the standard Denny 's décor , ” in a scene that is “ to be played at a rapid fire Their Girl Friday pace. ” Sound familiar ? The opening scene of Pulp Fiction is set at basically the same location ; Tarantino 's stage directions in that script note that the dialogue “ is to be said in a rapid-pace ‘ HIS GIRL FRIDAY ' fashion. ” In other words , this looser , funkier Natural Born Killers is a Quentin Tarantino movie , and Quentin Tarantino ( at least at this early point ) makes hanging-out movies . Oliver Stone , to put it mildly , does not make hanging-out movies .
But there was another , more practical explanation for the focus on the production team in Tarantino 's script . In the early 1990s , before digital video and HD photography became the norm , you could n't get away with shooting on video ( because video looked like shit ) — unless the story called for it . Tarantino 's script carefully notes how much of the movie ( especially the lengthy scenes of Gale 's TV reports , filling in the backstory ) can be shot on tape , while giving Gale several lines explaining why the centerpiece interview with Mickey will be shot on “ high contrast sixteen millimeter black and white , and I mean black and white , where the black 's black and the white 's white . ”
In other words , Tarantino was writing for the low budget that they were certain would limit their production , so Stone 's revision ( written with David Veloz and Richard Rutowski ) jettisoned much of that element , while amping up the social commentary ( and , this being a Stone film , the Native American presence and drug-related content and imagery ) . But that said , the mixed-media element of Tarantino 's script may be part of what drew Stone to it ; they had already experimented with the mosaic style that would become their trademark in JFK , though it would reach its peak in NBK ( appropriately , considering the media-obsessed flavor of theirs take ) .
And thought Stone 's film and Tarantino 's script have some sharp divergences , they 're not quite as dissimilar as legend would have it . Both open with the memorable diner massacre , for example , and spend much of the running time on Mickey and Mallory 's escape from prison during a riot . Several key scenes make the transition , and much of Tarantino 's distinctive dialogue remains intact : Mallory 's “ Eanie , meanie , minie , moe ” bit in the opening scene , Warden McCluskey 's ranting description of the duo ( “ without a doubt the most twisted , depraved group of fucks it 's ever been my displeasure to lay my eyes on ” ) , Wayne and Mickey discussing the ratings of their episode ( “ Manson beat you. ” “ Yeah , it 's pretty hard to beat the king ” ) , a fan 's insistence that “ We respect human life and all , ” Mickey 's promise to “ the fans ” that “ You ai n't seen nothin ' yet , ” and the speech culminating with title line , “ I 'm a natural born killer ” ( a line that Tarantino also ended up working into one of their early script jobs , an uncredited rewrite of the direct-to-video thriller Past Midnight ) . Stone and their co-writers mostly beef up the second act , which is admittedly thin in Tarantino 's script ; the rewrite has much more of the “ lovers on the run ” element , which Tarantino had perhaps gotten out of their system with True Romance .
There was no love lost between Tarantino and Stone during production ( hence their request to have their screenplay credit downgraded to story ) . “ I wish [ Stone ] had just fucking ripped it off , ” they said at the time , and proceeded to disown the final product , proclaiming that Stone 's “ biggest problem is that their obviousness cancels out their energy and their energy pumps up their obviousness . He 's Stanley Kramer with style. ” ( SICK MOVIE-GEEK BURN . ) Stone responded , in particularly Stone-like fashion , “ To be honest , it 's just not done , a writer who becomes famous and then trashes their own movie . I feel like it 's a code , it 's a samurai code that you live with . ”
Whatever their objections to the final product — and they would claim for years thereafter that they had n't even been able to make it through the film — Tarantino did make a few bucks on the film ( his deal included a healthy back-end cut ) . And it provided the means for a noteworthy purchase : with the ten grand they made for selling the screenplay option , they bought a cherry-red Malibu that , a few years later , John Travolta drove in Pulp Fiction . And , well , that is a whole other story .
Soldiers of China 's People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) take part in a training exercise in Heihe , Heilongjiang Province , May 29 , 2016 . REUTERS/Stringer
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese soldiers who are demobilized in the course of military reforms will be found other work , President Xi Jinping said , describing the process as an important political task .
Xi unexpectedly announced last September that they would cut troop numbers by 300,000 , or some 13 percent of the world 's biggest military , currently 2.3-million strong .
The cuts come at a time of heightened economic uncertainty in China as growth slows and the leadership grapples with painful economic reforms .
Xi , in comments carried by the official Xinhua news agency late on Tuesday , told a meeting that providing demobilized soldiers with civilian jobs was a political task closely linked to military reform .
Demobilized soldiers are “ treasures of the party and the state ” and their re-employment should be handled well so that they can continue to have active lives , Xi said .
“ It is not allowed to not provide positions for demobilized officers under any pretext , ” they added .
The government in December told state-owned companies they must help absorb soldiers laid off due to military reforms , as part of their contribution to the army 's modernisation and social stability .
China has previously faced protests from demobilized soldiers , who have complained about a lack of support finding new jobs or help with financial problems .
After years of planning , Grand Rapids city leaders and developers are gearing up for a big year in Grand Rapids , probably the biggest boom in the city in 10 years ; maybe ever . Here are some of the projects that we 've been keeping an eye on , and what we might expect to see this year .
Studio C
Lights , camera , action ! Phase 1 of the $ 100 Million Celebration ! Cinema theatre , retail , hotel , plaza and housing complex behind the Van Andel Arena . You know that movie theatre downtown that people have been wanting for years ? It 's happening ! More news coming on this in the early part of 2017 , including a planned groundbreaking date .
Oh , and it will include a 900 car parking ramp , for all those wondering “ Where will everyone park ? ”
Bridge and Stocking Development on the West Side – aka the “ Meijer Development ”
Just down the street from the New Holland Brewery Knickerbocker , this Rockford Construction project will consist of office use , the new HQ for WMCAT , market rate and workforce housing , and a proposed Meijer store : downtown 's first large scale grocery store . You know that grocery store downtown that everyone 's been begging for for years ? Its finally happening !
Proposed Meijer store with residential above . First phase kicking off in 2017 .
The new proposed West Michigan Center for Arts and Technology ( WMCAT )
Opening of the MSU Grand Rapids Research Center
2 ½ years in the making , the $ 88 Million new Michigan State University College of Human Medicine Grand Rapids Research Center ( MSUCHMGRRC for short ? ) will open on Michigan Street with 26 biotech research teams and over 200 students and faculty , adding to the existing 500+ students and faculty just up the hill at the MSU CHM Secchia Center . Go GREEN !
Grand Valley State University Health Sciences expansion
The first health sciences facility to leapfrog I-196 from Michigan Street , the new $ 37.5 Million Raleigh J Finkelstein Hall will expand GVSU 's downtown health sciences program to the Belknap Lookout neighborhood . GVSU has been over-capacity for the last 4 years in the Cook Devos Center with over 5000 students enrolled in health related courses . We understand that it wo n't be long before they announce another expansion right next to Cook Devos Center . Go LAKERS !
Switch Communications – Data Center 1st phase opening
The $ 400 Million first phase of the new Switch data center , which involved converting the existing Steelcase Pyramid into Switch 's new Michigan SuperNap data center , is reportedly on schedule and slated to open any day . It 's also reportedly near capacity with client servers already , including housing the State of Michigan 's servers . Switch plans to add on additional data center buildings to the campus , bringing the total to nearly 2 Million square feet over the next 10 years .
No word yet as to whether it will shoot laser beams into outer space .
Warner Tower at Lyon and Ottawa
What do you get when you mix a law firm , a bank , retail space , over 100 apartments , and put it on top of a cold dreary parking lot in the middle of downtown ? Vibrancy , that 's what you get .
Hinman 's 42 story hotel and residential tower at Fulton and Ionia .
Bring it .
Opening of Live Nation/House of Blues/20 Monroe Live
Looking to fill that niche of national acts that are too small for Van Andel Arena and too big for the Intersection , Greg Gilmore 's decades long dream comes to fruition and opens in February .
HOB-Knob at the BOB anyone ?
New Embassy Suites – AKA the Monroe North Hotel .
One more vacant lot in Monroe North , vanquished . News on this in the first part of 2017 , our sources say .
The splitting up of 50 Monroe into an AC Hotel and two office buildings .
You 've seen the pictures , the metal siding being pulled back to expose the old buildings underneath . Surprise !
Lyon Square and riverfront makeovers
When the Federal Government hands you lemons and says your floodwalls along the Grand River are n't high enough , the city decided to turn that news into lemonade… and add stunning parks , trails and new river activities .
Founders Brewing Company expansion
What started off as a move to an abandoned truck depot nearly 10 years ago , Founders is putting the finishing touches on their huge expansion that fills the entire block between Grandville Avenue , Bartlett , Finney and Williams Street . Along with a recent addition of a facility across US-131 on Hynes Avenue , Founders will have the capacity to brew 1.2 Million barrels of beer a year , making Founders one of the fastest growing craft brewers in the U.S. and one of the fastest growing companies in West Michigan .
Breweries , breweries and more brewery-type developments
Speaking of beer , according to our high level classified sources in the brewing community , you can expect to see these opening soon or announcing soon :
City Built , 820 Monroe Ave NW – opening in January/February
7 Monks , 740 Michigan – opening early 2017
The Peoples Cider Co , 539 Leonard ( new taproom ) – early 2017
Red Belly , E Paris , Kentwood – opening early 2017
Speciation Artisan Ales , 3720 West River Drive , Comstock Park 9 – opening Jan/Feb 2017
Thornapple Brewing Company , 6262 28th St – opening early 2017
East West Brewing Co. , 1400 Lake Drive – open now
Two Guys Brewing , 2356 Porter , Wyoming – Spring/Summer 2017
Jolly Pumpkin , West Side – to be announced
Brass Ring Brewing Co , Alger Heights – September 2017
High Five Co-op Brewery , – to be announced
Some people say we might be reaching a saturation point for craft breweries . We say the same about mattress stores . Let 's see who wins !
( We 'll have more details about many of these as the year progresses )
Apartments , apartments and more apartments
In the quest to reach that magic 10,000 residents downtown , the tipping point to support a vibrant retail scene according to city planners , look for these to be popping up and opening later this year .
Great places to crash after checking out the many new breweries .
601 Lake Michigan Drive at Seward – under construction
234 Market Ave – next to Founders Brewing Company – under construction
234 Market looking West
Diamond Place at the old Proos site on Michigan Street – under construction – ( also rumored to be getting a large grocery store )
Renovation of the Kingsley Building in Eastown at Lake and Robinson – under construction
Orion 's Riverfront apartments on Monroe Avenue across from the Boardwalk – under construction
New apartments at Grand and Benson , just off of Michigan Street – under construction
1058/1069 Wealthy – under construction
That would keep most Grand Rapidians satisfied for a while , but we hear there may be other news to bring you this year , including another new hotel and conference center downtown , exciting changes coming to Calder Plaza , and big changes coming to Woodland Mall .
Stay tuned and Happy New Year !
Jeff Hill is a contributor to GRNow and a development and economics junkie who likes to keep their finger on the pulse of what 's next for Grand Rapids . They also dabble in residential construction , real estate and development themselves to help pay the bills . You can email them feedback or insider story ideas to grjeff @ gmail.com .
Looking to move to or around Grand Rapids ? Check out our featured Listings .
When Jim Marshall , who has died aged 88 of cancer , opened a music store in 1960 , their customers included some rock'n'roll 's the most prominent guitarists . They wanted a new type of amplifier . Marshall seized the opportunity and built it for them . Their work would earn them the nickname the Father of Loud .
Marshall was born in Kensington , west London , to Beatrice and Jim Marshall . Jim Sr owned a fish and chip shop in Southall . Tuberculosis of the bones caused their son to be encased in a plaster cast from their ankles to their armpits during most of their school years . From the age of 13 , they took a series of jobs , from builder 's merchant to shoe salesperson to baker in a biscuit factory . Medically unfit for military service in the second world war , they taught themselves about engineering from books , and in 1946 became a toolmaker at Heston Aircraft , where they stayed for three years .
John Entwistle in 1966 . Their lust for more volume led to the creation of Marshall 's classic 100-watt amplifier . Photograph : Chris Morphet/Redferns
Meanwhile , they had successfully auditioned to sing with an orchestra at a Southall dance hall , earning 10 shillings ( 50p ) a night . They then joined a seven-piece band , and when the drummer was called up for national service , Marshall took over . Their idol was the big band drummer Gene Krupa , and after taking lessons they started to teach themselves at the end of the 1940s . Marshall recalled that `` I taught Mitch Mitchell who joined Jimi Hendrix , Micky Burt of Chas and Dave , Mick Waller with Little Richard and Micky Underwood who played with Ritchie Blackmore . ''
Marshall saved enough money to start their own business , building loudspeaker cabinets for musicians . They found an especially keen market among bass players who were fed up with being blotted out by noisy lead guitarists and were looking for some powerful amplification of their own . But after a year of this , they changed tack and opened their own music store in Hanwell , west London , initially specialising in selling drumkits .
`` Then the drummers brought their groups in , including Pete Townshend , and said why do n't you stock guitars and amplifiers , which I knew nothing about . ''
Apart from Townshend , their guitar-playing customers included Blackmore , soon to find fame with Deep Purple , and the renowned session player Big Jim Sullivan . They told Marshall that they wanted amplifiers with a different sound from the then-popular Fender models , which had a clean but non-raunchy tone . Marshall teamed up with their shop repairman , Ken Bran , and the EMI technician Dudley Craven , and they produced their first amplifier in September 1962 . According to Marshall , it was the sixth prototype that gave birth to the powerful and throaty `` Marshall sound '' .
Demand for Marshall amplifiers and matching loudspeaker cabinets steadily increased , and in 1964 the first full-scale factory opened in Hayes , with a staff of 16 making 20 amplifiers a week . The following year Marshall signed a global distribution agreement with the instrument suppliers Rose Morris , though they later felt their progress had been hampered by their uncompetitive pricing policies .
However , top musicians were clamouring for Marshall 's amplifiers and their hard-driving sound , including Eric Clapton – for whom Marshall created the `` Bluesbreaker '' amp-and-speakers combo – and Townshend and John Entwistle of the Who , whose lust for more volume led to the creation of Marshall 's classic 100-watt amplifier . It was at Townshend 's request that Marshall developed the stackable loudspeaker cabinets , or `` stacks '' , that became a familiar part of the stage scenery for countless bands . Meanwhile , Hendrix bought a package of equipment , plus technical maintenance , from Marshall .
Almost everybody who rocked over the next 40 years would use Marshall equipment , from Jeff Beck , the Small Faces and Guns N ' Roses to Pink Floyd , Elton John , Deep Purple , Led Zeppelin , AC/DC , U2 , Metallica and Nirvana . In 2003 they were appointed OBE for their services to music and charity . They are survived by their children , Terry and Victoria , and their stepchildren , Paul and Dawn .
• James Charles Marshall , amplifier manufacturer , born 29 July 1923 ; died 5 April 2012
For a little over a month , I have been shouting into the void that the Nationals should trade for Trevor Rosenthal . Their bullpen struggles were well-publicized and they never really had a closer . Shortly thereafter all sorts of shenanigans happened and half their opening day roster is on the disabled list . ( We St. Louis fans can relate . ) The Cardinals have movable pieces to perfectly complement the Nationals ' pitching needs .
They only have enough system depth to go after one high-caliber player . They could get Sonny Gray or Zach Britton or Yu Darvish , etc . However , that would only fill one need and leave them vulnerable elsewhere once the postseason arrives . It will be difficult to fill all their needs without depleting the farm system
They might look to the Cardinals for help :
How can the Cardinals help and what can they expect to receive ?
A Starter
Everything seems to be going right for the Nationals offense but wrong for their starting rotation . Joe Ross , their # 5 starter , had Tommy John surgery . Stephen Strasburg just landed on the 10-day DL with an elbow issue .
The Nationals hope Strasburg will be able to return quickly and be in good form when they do , but what is their contingency plan if they do not ? They do n't have one . Right now , Edwin Jackson is their fifth starter . They had to call up a prospect , Erick Fedde , to make their debut because of Strasburg 's injury . They are sinking quickly into their own system and it 's a shallow pool .
Other teams waiting for clear indication from Cards on whether they intend to trade Lance Lynn . Among most coveted SP in market . — Buster Olney ( @ Buster_ESPN ) July 28 , 2017
We all knew if the Cardinals were going to be “ sellers ” at the deadline , Lance Lynn was their best rental trade chip . The Nats do n't need another permanent starter , they just need someone to get them through the postseason . I think Adam Wainwright describes Lynn best :
“ Lance is a proven winner , a proven playoff competitor , and he 's proven they can hit lefthanded now . He 's proven a lot of stuff . Most of all , he 'll win . ”
A fierce competitor like Lance Lynn would fit quite well onto a roster with Scherzer and Strasburg ( or potentially without Strasburg ) . Which brings us to …
The Closer
After Trevor Rosenthal 's two-inning , six-batter 8th/9th appearance last night , it is hard to think he 's not exactly the closer the Nationals need . Much less one that ended their two innings at 101 MPH . My column at Beyond the Box Score focused primarily on Rosey 's postseason experience . That is where the Nationals ' focus should be , as they need to go all-in while their offense is this hot , Max Scherzer is this unbelievable , and Bryce Harper is still with the club . Their bullpen is better after the addition of Madson and Doolittle , but it 's still sketchy . Trevor Rosenthal 's 99 MPH fastball can essentially shut down the 9th inning and give the starters more breathing room .
The Lerner family , principal owners of the Washington Nationals , love Scott Boras clients because there is an added layer of assurance because of their relationship and past experience with him . Rosenthal being a Boras client is the cherry on top of the sundae that they 'll need to accept this deal .
In Return
That 's a lot to ask for . As a Cardinals fan , I do n't really want to see either of those guys leave . A high-caliber starter and a hard-throwing reliever ? The Nationals only really get one shot at a bundle like this . The Cardinals have like half their Memphis roster in the big leagues right now , so adding more system depth for three months of Lance Lynn and a year of Trevor Rosenthal would make for a solid deal . The Nats have a few pieces I think the Cardinals would find interesting .
The first is a right fielder named Juan Soto . Of the three top prospects in the Nationals organization , Soto is the one they might be most willing to part with since their # 1 prospect , Victor Robles is also an outfielder . This nineteen-year-old has a history of injuries , but is a power bat unlikely to reach the majors until at least 2021 . That would be toward the end of both Stephen Piscotty and Dexter Fowlers ' contracts . They are ranked at # 95 on Baseball America 's 2017 mid-season prospects list . This is a good way to shore up outfield depth but without creating even more of a logjam .
Many with # Nationals rank Soto ahead of Robles . Soto not CFer , but Taylor emerging , Eaton under control through '21 . Might WAS budged ? 2/2 — Ken Rosenthal ( @ Ken_Rosenthal ) July 27 , 2017
“ Soto [ demonstrates ] great hand-eye coordination in adjusting to the unexpected breaking pitch ... This should help to keep their strikeout totals relatively low while they maintain power . They square up the ball easily , especially for a player of their age and experience ... On defense , Soto looks comfortable roaming the outfield . They are quick but not especially fast , typically taking consistent and efficient routes to fly balls . They have a solid arm ... He 's got a calm sense about them and draws high marks for their personality and coachability ... ”
Victor Robles is ranked higher by Baseball America and MLB Pipeline , and he 's probably one of the top ten prospects in all baseball . This might make it easier for the Nationals front office to part with Soto , though if they want to offer Robles , I 'm sure the Cardinals would be interested . It also potentially makes Soto a better deal for the Cardinals because they have an established center fielder ( Dexter Fowler ) alongside an up-and-coming center fielder ( Magneuris Sierra and perhaps Harrison Bader ) . This deal meets the needs of both organizations . The ranking of Robles and Soto varies depending on whom you ask . Based on need and value , I believe the Cardinals would do better with Soto .
Next up is one of my favourite names in baseball , Carter Kieboom . ( Key-boom ! ) He 's a right-handed shortstop who was drafted 28th overall in 2016 . With the emergence of Trea Turner , Kieboom 's kind of on the backburner right now . This is MLB Pipeline 's assessment :
Kieboom has a knack for barreling the baseball , a product of their plus bat speed , hand-eye coordination and mature approach … Kieboom 's speed is only average but plays up thanks to their quick feet and excellent instincts . Those tools , along with their solid range and above-average arm strength , give them a chance to stick at shortstop , although some believe he 'll eventually end up at third base .
Kieboom is a versatile choice and the third-ranked prospect in the Nationals organization .
Finally , they could include a lower-level prospect like Jose Marmolejos . I say “ lower-level ” because they are consistently ranked at # 10 or below in their system as a first baseman and that 's not necessarily promising in their age-24 season . However , they are the Nats ' reigning minor league player of the year ( for both 2015 and 2016 ) and Nationals director of player development , Mark Scialabba , raved about them in May :
“ He 's a professional hitter . He 's very consistent from at-bat to at-bat . They have a repeatable swing . Short , compact . Can hit the ball to all fields . And does a nice job of staying poised in the box . They understand the strike zone . ”
The Cardinals would get one corner outfield prospect , a shortstop prospect , and a first base prospect . Why would the Nationals go through with it ? Because they need to win now and the only way to do that is to fill in the gaps . It 's a risk to the Cardinals because prospects do n't always pan out
It 's a testament to the Nationals ' offense that they have stayed afloat with half their lineup on the DL and the worst bullpen in the league , but that is not likely to get them to far in the playoffs . The Cardinals system has everything to gain from a deal like this one , and while the Nationals ownership might be loathe to commit , the Cardinals are the only team with both pitching pieces they need .
. . .
Audrey Stark is a contributor at Viva El Birdos . You can follow them on Twitter @ highstarksunday .
A woman from Illinois who is likely the mother of two babies found dead in the trunk of an impounded car pleaded guilty Thursday to leaving another child to freeze to death on the side of the road five years prior .
Katie Stockton reached an agreement with prosecutors and pleaded guilty to first-degree murder after their baby , Crystal , was killed in December 2004 .
Joe Bruscato , Winnebago County State 's Attorney , is dropping other charges related to the case . Trial is set to start on Monday .
Authorities only discovered the dead babies left in their trunk after they arrested Stockton in 2009 for Crystal 's death . They found out their car had been sitting in an impound lot for a year and towed it to a Winnebago County Sheriff 's Department facility , hoping to find more evidence for the Crystal case .
Instead , they found two deceased babies wrapped in cloth in two separate plastic bags .
They have tested their DNA and found Stockton is likely the mother of them . They have not yet been charged for their deaths .
They were questioned for Crystal 's death in 2004 after authorities found their remains in a plastic bag on a dead-end road near their parents ' home .
After they were questioned by detectives for the death , they lifted up their shirt and asked if it looked like they had just given birth , in an attempt to dissuade them that the baby was hers .
Initially , Stockton refused to give a DNA sample . Authorities found a way around that , however , as they found a cigarette butt they saw their discard and tested them saliva . The DNA from their saliva matched the blood found on Crystal 's clothing .
Stockton was arrested after the DNA results came back .
Other tests showed Stockton was the infant 's mother with 99.96 percent certainty .
When they are sentenced on April 5 , they face up to 60 years in jail .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ABCNews
undefined
Version 1.0.0 of the libvirt toolkit , which provides the means to interact with a wide range of virtualisation applications including KVM , Xen , LXC , VMware and VirtualBox , has been released . The 1.0.0 release is a symbolic milestone for the project as it has been seven years since the first commit to the open source API . Daniel Berrange , member of Red Hat 's virtualisation team and libvirt maintainer , published a YouTube video of a visualisation of development of libvirt since that first commit .
Visualising the development of libvirt over seven years .
Although this is a version 1.0.0 release , the development pace of the project has not slowed as it closed on the milestone with over 350 commits to the project in the last month . Although there are no major changes , new features added to libvirt include support for the systemd journal , Xen 4.2 , and USB migration , a cache manager for QEMU capabilities and a public API for virNodeGetCPUMap . There has also been extensive work done on localisation and translations by the Transifex team ( who offer free collaboration tools for translators on open source projects ) .
Additionally , documentation and libvirt portability have been improved with numerous corrections , alongside an extensive roster if bug fixes throughout the toolkit . There have also been a hundred of improvements applied to the code . These changes are summarised in the announcement of 1.0.0 . The 1.0.0 release is available from the project 's FTP server as source and signed RPMs . For extremely detailed information , the libvirt Git log is also available . Libvirt is licensed under the LGPL .
( djwm )
For a city whose public image has been beat up more than once in recent years by ugly incidents with racial overtones , it was a victory in what many see as a worrying new war against tolerance .
It was especially heartening to many people after the violent , unite-the-right rally in Virginia earlier this month , the one that boomeranged around the world and left an anti-racism protester dead .
It also stood in contrast to unflattering headlines London has faced in recent years about unprovoked attacks against Muslims , a fan tossing a banana onto the ice as a black NHL player took part in a shootout , and the N-word hurled at two black stage actors in the street .
And London 's duelling anti-Islam and counter-protester rallies Saturday , in which the latter overwhelmed the former , was n't without friction .
It was a reminder that ugliness lurks and , some say , now finds expression disguised as support for so-called Western values .
Islam is an easy target , one expert says , because when religion and culture is made the focus , groups intolerant of others can avoid talking about racism and hate despite the very same undertones in their politics of exclusion .
“ This is the wake-up call that we 've needed to acknowledge there really is a threat in many of our communities , ” said Barbara Perry of the University of Ontario Institute of Technology , who specializes in the study of hate crimes .
Emotions in London briefly flared Saturday as protesters went nose to nose . Talking devolved into spitting and shoving . Slurs were hurled across police lines .
Officers defused the flare-ups so quickly , making two arrests , that many people were unaware of them .
One woman , protesting against anti-Islamists , was arrested for spitting in another woman 's face over a religious insult .
“ It 's totally unacceptable , and criminal , ” said London lawyer Faisal Joseph , outspoken on human rights issues . “ Obviously , emotions were running over . . . but you ca n't take the law into your own hands . ”
But the few isolated exchanges should n't cast a pall on London , they said . Residents supporting their Muslim neighbours made a strong showing , with most following the letter of the law . That spirit could pay dividends as Islamophobic rhetoric picks up steam in Canada , Joseph said .
“ It 's a whole new thing where people are using freedom of speech as a cloak for freedom to hate and do violence , and it 's very , very dangerous , ” they said .
By better than 10 to one , counter-­protesters eclipsed the turnout by Pegida , or the Patriots of Canada Against the Islamization of the West .
“ We need to continue to shout louder than the bigots , ” Perry said .
At times the chanting and drumming by counter-protesters was so loud , the railing by Pegida — against the perceived dangers of London 's Muslim community — could n't continue .
One area First Nations chief said the take-away from the competing rallies reflected well on London . “ The people who oppose ( Islam ) were n't really showing as much as we thought . I think this is a really good message for the city , ” Chippewas of the Thames Chief Myeengun Henry said .
The focus on inclusion and acceptance is positive , not just for Muslim Londoners , but for Southwestern Ontario 's Indigenous people , Henry said .
Still , now is no time for complacency , observers warn .
Perry suggested Canadians should expect many more anti-Islam rallies in coming months .
Such displays are one of the best tools for radical groups , because they can leave Muslim youth feeling isolated and excluded from their communities , said Jasmin Zine , a professor of sociology and Muslim studies at Wilfrid Laurier University .
“ They have to deal with the collective blame and guilt ” of anger against Muslims , they said .
Zine said while Pegida and its supporters numbered only in the dozens in London , that 's worrying enough .
“ This is how they co-ordinate , ” they said , adding the get-togethers empower Pegida 's followers . “ They feel a sense of legitimacy . ”
mstacey @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/MeganatLFPress
Lance Corporal Brynin , an Intelligence Corps soldier attached to 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , deployed to Task Force Helmand in August 2013 as an intelligence analyst working for a Light Electronic Warfare Team within the Brigade Reconnaissance Force ( BRF ) of 7th Armoured Brigade .
In the early hours of 15 October , the BRF deployed from Camp Bastion into the Nahr-e Saraj district of Helmand province to counter an imminent threat to both the Afghan population and the International Security Assistance Force .
Towards the end of the operation Lance Corporal Brynin 's section became the target of enemy fire . Together with a sniper and machine gunner of the BRF , Lance Corporal Brynin returned fire , but while extracting from the area they received a fatal gunshot wound .
Lance Corporal James Brynin
Lance Corporal James Brynin ( All rights reserved . )
Lance Corporal James Brynin was born in Shoreham-by-Sea on 22 December 1990 . Joining the Army in February 2011 , they were immediately identified as a bright , motivated , self-starter and joined the Intelligence Corps . Following their initial training they were posted to 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) .
Such was their calibre , and having already served a tour in Afghanistan in 2012 , they volunteered to train with the BRF and deployed back to Afghanistan in August 2013 . Lance Corporal Brynin , who was known as Jay to their friends , excelled in the Army ; they had already been selected for promotion to corporal , and had grand ambitions .
Lance Corporal Brynin 's family have paid the following tribute :
Heart of a lion , we will always stand strong for you . We will never forget . Rest in peace – dad , Efrem ; mum , Sharon ; sister , Yasmin ; and girlfriend , Olivia .
Lieutenant Colonel Mark Purves , Royal Signals , Commanding Officer of 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , said :
Bright and engaging , Lance Corporal Brynin was immensely popular and an outstanding soldier in every respect . Having already completed 1 tour to Afghanistan , their appointment to support the Brigade Reconnaissance Force was indicative of their talent and leadership qualities . They were fit , determined and genuinely wanted to make a difference . Their selection for promotion to full corporal earlier this year highlighted their flair for their chosen profession . Full of energy and an avid fan of Brighton and Hove Albion Football Club , they were also involved in every aspect of regimental life . Always seeking excellence , they aspired to attend pre-parachute selection on their return from Afghanistan ; their quality was such that I am confident they would have passed with flying colours . A member of a small and specialist cadre , their selfless sacrifice to those around them typifies their commitment and unflinching bravery . They will forever be remembered with pride by their regimental family . Our thoughts and prayers are with Jay 's parents , their close family and friends at this difficult time .
Lieutenant Colonel Richard Slack , Commanding Officer of the 9th/12th Royal Lancers , the Brigade Reconnaissance Regiment , said :
Lance Corporal Brynin was a star , burning bright and rising fast . From the moment they joined the Brigade Reconnaissance Force it was clear that we were blessed with a truly special individual . Their loss is one of the real tragedies of this military campaign . They stood out due to their professionalism , their determination and their razor-sharp intelligence . They touched everyone with their zest for life and sense of humour . But above all they will be remembered for their extraordinary courage : when it mattered they stood up and was counted . Our thoughts and prayers are with their family and their girlfriend Olivia .
Major Kelly Burman , Officer Commanding 236 Signal Squadron , 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , said :
Words seem inadequate to describe the overwhelming shock and sadness experienced by their friends and brothers-in-arms serving out here when hearing of the tragic news of Lance Corporal James Brynin 's death . We have lost one of our brightest and best . James had been deliberately selected to form part of the Brigade Reconnaissance Force Light Electronic Warfare Team precisely because they were just that – the brightest and best of us . They were a young man who was going places with a great future ahead of him . Despite this being their first posting since leaving intelligence training they had already been selected for promotion to full corporal , such was their calibre and potential . This news has hit us , their squadron , hard but we are determined to remember James for the ever-smiling and cheerful young man and great soldier that they are . We will remember them as an incredibly brave and selfless comrade . When their team came under heavy enemy fire they stepped forward without hesitation to defend them . They had such a bright future ahead of them and was generally recognised to be at the top of their peer group . May they continue to be an inspiration to all who knew and worked with him , remembering the happy , funny times as they would want to be remembered .
Major Tom McDermott , Royal Tank Regiment , Officer Commanding the Brigade Reconnaissance Force , said :
Lance Corporal Jay Brynin was one of the great characters of this world . From the first moment I met them I was won over by their ever-present smile , their great sense of humour and their ability to get on with everyone and anyone they met . They loved their job and the small team they worked with , and they loved them back . We will always remember them for their keen intelligence , their determination to succeed , and their zest for life . Our deepest condolences are with their parents and their girlfriend .
Lieutenant George Downing , Officer Commanding Eastleigh Troop , 236 Signal Squadron , 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , said :
Lance Corporal Brynin had an infectious enthusiasm for all aspects of military life . They have been a driving force within 236 Signal Squadron since its formation in spring 2012 . Their overwhelmingly positive outlook on life helped cement their position as one of the most competent and well-liked junior non-commissioned officers within the squadron . They were a natural choice for the most demanding roles . They thrived on being in the thick of the action and it gives me some comfort to think they were entirely in their element until the last . Chatting with Lance Corporal Brynin while they were passing through Main Operating Base Price with the Brigade Reconnaissance Force a couple of days ago , we talked about what we wanted to do after the tour . They said they were looking forward to completing ‘ P Company ' , parachute selection training . As one of the fittest and most determined soldiers I have worked with , I have every confidence they would have succeeded .
Warrant Officer Class Two Gary Lawson , Squadron Sergeant Major , 236 Signal Squadron , 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , said :
Jay Brynin was not the stereotypical Intelligence Corps soldier , being more at home when out on the ground indulging their passion for soldiering . A highly motivated , dedicated and professional young soldier , they were always the first to volunteer . He 'd truly found their calling in life and has been taken from us doing what they loved .
Lance Corporal James Brynin ( All rights reserved . )
Sergeant Steve Joyce , Brigade Reconnaissance Force , Light Electronic Warfare Team Commander , 236 Signal Squadron , 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , said :
Jay Brynin was one of the most enthusiastic blokes I have ever come across . Even during some of the most difficult times their energy knew no bounds . Whenever an operation came up they were the first person to volunteer and the only difficulty I ever had with them was holding them back . They were an absolute professional who did their job to the utmost of their ability every time . During the last 10 months I saw more of them than my own family and that is why I will always remember them as a brother .
Corporal Richard Blakey , Lance Corporal Brynin 's Light Electronic Warfare Team partner , 236 Signal Squadron , 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , said :
Jay was one of the best friends I 've had in my Army career . I first met them while trying to dodge a Pathfinders cadre in order to go to a stag do . Whilst it looked like I would miss the stag do as nobody wanted to be thrashed by Pathfinders in Brecon , one word to Jay , whom I barely knew at the time , and they jumped at the chance . I 've met precious few people who I 've instantly bonded with like Jay . We shared a passion for all things with 4 wheels and spent many an hour debating our favourites . I could n't possibly describe Jay without using the word ‘ keen ' . Their enthusiasm was intoxicating . They loved almost all aspects of Army life . In particular , sport , green skills , their job as an analyst , but , most of all , gossip and ‘ shimfing ' . They were probably the only person who took it personally when an operation was cancelled . Their enthusiasm also continued to nights out with the boys where they were always good for a laugh . Jay always seemed to throw themselves into whatever they did , whether it was football , weightlifting or their Army career . They were always their own man , rarely backing down in debates . They maintained their strong personality and individuality . My heart goes out to their family and long term girlfriend Olivia , all of whom they spoke of so fondly . I will miss them dearly .
Corporal Ashley Roylance , Intelligence Corps , 236 Signal Squadron , 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , said :
Full of vigour , brave and bold . A cracking story , they always told . Their smile was bright , true and real , At ease and relaxed they made you feel . Took on everything in their way , No matter who or what , that 's what made them Jay . A gap is left that will always remain , But from this there is much we can gain ; However long Jay had been our mate , In whatever way , form or state ( ! ) We have made memories that are always there , Memories to think about , keep and share . So , at this time and in the years to come , We can think of these times and come together as one . Jay will always be a part of us , now and forever , We will keep them vibrant and real and forgotten never .
Lance Corporal Jordon Polonijo , Intelligence Corps Analyst , Brigade Reconnaissance Force , said :
I first met Jay in February 2013 at the start of pre-deployment training for 7 Brigade , Brigade Reconnaissance Force . We quickly built not only a working relationship but also a friendship too . What initially struck me was Jay 's level of awareness and experience of operating in Helmand province and I found myself leaning on them for advice in my first few weeks . Jay embodied everything that an Intelligence Corps and Brigade Reconnaissance Force soldier should be : professional , robust , highly capable and able to operate in austere environments . On a personal level they were calm , laid back and had a very dry sense of humour . When combined with their analytical ability and knowledge of their job , this means a huge loss to their team , the Brigade Reconnaissance Force and the Intelligence Corps family . Sadly the biggest loss of all though is as a friend .
Lance Corporal Luke Garbett , 236 Signal Squadron , 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , said :
If a man is measured by the opinions of their peers , Jay stood above us all .
Signaller David Ball , Brigade Reconnaissance Force , Light Electronic Warfare Team , 236 Signal Squadron , 14th Signal Regiment ( Electronic Warfare ) , said :
I have never known anybody as enthusiastic about anything as Jay was about the Army . From the moment I met them they were always full of energy about everything they did . They had so many aspirations and would have flown through the ranks in the Army . Their main one was to complete ‘ P Company ' parachute selection training ; I think to prove something to themselves and their dad . I am proud to have known them and served next to him . Sleep well buddy , you finally got your wings !
The Secretary of State for Defence , Philip Hammond , said :
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Father-of-two Graham Biggley died of a drug overdose earlier this year
The number of drug-related deaths in Scotland last year totalled 867 , a rise of 23 % on 2015 .
Numbers have been steadily increasing since 1995 , when 426 fatal overdoses were recorded .
The latest statistics from the National Records of Scotland showed more than 70 % of deaths were among people aged 35 or over .
Critics say the continuing rise calls into question the effectiveness of the Scottish government 's drugs strategy .
However , the minister for public health , Aileen Campbell , said `` unfortunately '' the figures for Scotland were representative of a general trend of increasing drug deaths `` across the UK and in many other parts of Europe '' .
'No easy solutions '
They added that the problem in Scotland was complex and based on a legacy of drugs misuses `` stretching back decades '' .
Ms Campbell explained : `` What we are seeing is an ageing group of people who are long term drugs users .
`` They have a pattern of addiction which is very difficult to break , and they have developed other chronic medical conditions as a result of this prolonged drugs use . ''
They said they recognised more needed to be done but that there were `` no easy solutions '' .
The Scottish Conservatives urged ministers to embark on a new strategy in light of the `` appalling '' figures and the Scottish Greens said there was `` little sense '' in funding cuts to initiatives combating drug and alcohol problems .
A breakdown of the figures showed that ;
men accounted for 68 % deaths
38 % of the total were people aged between 35 and 44
30 % of the fatalities were in the Greater Glasgow and Clyde health board area
the next biggest area was Lothian at 15 %
88 % of the deaths were related to the taking of opiates or opioids
55 % involved heroin and/or morphine
49 % were linked to benzodiazepines , for example diazepam and etizolam
Dave Liddell , chief executive of the Scottish Drugs Forum , said the scale of the problem was a `` national tragedy that requires a fundamental rethink of our approach '' .
They said : `` Other countries have achieved a reduction in overdose deaths by ensuring that people are appropriately retained in high-quality treatment and we must aspire to do the same . ''
Is being drug-free the only solution ?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Danny Campbell believes the Road to Recovery drugs programme has been distorted to become `` just about abstinence ''
In 2008 , the Scottish government introduced its Road to Recovery strategy focused on tackling the country 's drug problems `` through prevention , treatment and rehabilitation , education and enforcement '' .
Danny Campbell , who is project manager at North Edinburgh Drug Advice Centre , believed the strategy had been `` distorted '' to become `` just about abstinence '' .
They insisted that becoming drug free was not the right solution for all addicts .
Mr Campbell told BBC Scotland 's social affairs correspondent : `` The Road to Recovery was about whole journey from chaos to an element that may not include abstinence .
`` It may be that some of those clients are going to have medication of some kind to help them cope with life , whether it be physical health or mental health conditions , anxiety , depression and therefore total abstinence is never going to be a realistic place for them to be in . ''
These are people 's family - daughters , sons , they are not just statistics . '' Julie Biggley whose nephew Graham died from a drug overdose
The latest rise in the number of drugs deaths has prompted campaigner Julie Biggley to highlight that behind every statistic is a human being with a story .
Them nephew Graham Biggley died earlier this year from a drugs overdose . They were the fourth member of their family to die from addiction - they have also lost a cousin and two nieces in recent years .
Ms Biggley helps run Kilmarnock-based Someone Else 's Addiction ( SEA ) which supports families of drug abusers .
Of those who die from overdoses , they said : `` These are people , these are people 's family - daughters , sons , they are not just statistics . I believe that those best to support are the families , but the families ca n't cope , they ca n't cope themselves . ''
What 's the Europe-wide picture on drug deaths ? Country Number per million of population Scotland 160 Estonia 103 Sweden 100 Norway 76 UK 60 Lithuania 59 Denmark 58 Germany 27 European Union 21
Most figures are from 2015 , some are from 2014 or earlier . For all countries apart from Scotland , the figures are taken from Table A6 of the EMCDDA 's European Drug Report 2017 , which is available from the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction website .
What opposition parties are saying
Scottish Conservative health spokesperson Miles Briggs said the figures were nothing short of `` appalling '' . They went on to urge the government to embark on a new drugs strategy . Mr Briggs said : `` People will be stunned that the death rate here is more than twice that of the rest of the UK , and that poses some extremely tough questions for the Scottish Government . For decades now we 've had a drugs policy that simply parks people on methadone programmes , offering them zero hope of ever beating addiction completely . ''
Scottish Green health spokesperson , Alison Johnstone , said that given the rise in drug deaths it made `` little sense '' as to why the Scottish government had cut funding for drug and alcohol initiatives . They added : We need a serious rethink of how we support people with addictions . Often , they are being asked to jump through hoops , where rather than making a single phone call to register for support , they are instructed to make phone calls and attend appointments at specific times - no easy thing to do if you 're struggling with addiction and a chaotic lifestyle and little support . Regardless of location , equal access to a range of treatment is key . ''
Scottish Labour 's Monica Lennon also criticised cuts to funding for alcohol and drug partnerships . They said : `` SNP ministers need to give themselves a shake and take responsibility for their actions . If you under-fund vital substance misuse services , people die . I urge the SNP Government to have the courage to take a different course . ''
Share . Earth 's Mightiest Heroes will come to an end , as a more movie-influenced Avengers series launches . Earth 's Mightiest Heroes will come to an end , as a more movie-influenced Avengers series launches .
It has n't exactly been a well kept secret , but Marvel have officially announced , via TV Guide , that a new Avengers animated series , Avengers Assemble , is coming . This is obviously the nail in the coffin to the current Avengers series , The Avengers : Earth 's Mightiest Heroes , which was already presumed to be ending after its current second season .
Marvel 's Jeph Loeb tells TV Guide , “ The Avengers movie has been the ambassador to the world for the Marvel Universe so we want a show that has the feel and the tone and the incredible adventures like that movie . So the next project that we 're working on — and this is down in our lab , top secret , with the S.H.I.E.L.D . agents protecting us at all costs — is Avengers Assemble , which will be a brand new and really extraordinary looking animated series dealing with the Avengers in that same world . ”
Asked how Avengers Assemble will differ from Earth 's Mightiest Heroes , Loeb said , “ We 're still very early on in the process and we do n't give away too much . It 's safe to say that we 're looking at a show that more closely echoes the tone and the feel of the movie . ”
Asked if Avengers Assemble might skew older , Loeb replies , `` No , but it will certainly have that kind of gigantic action and interacting among the characters and their voices that the movie has . ''
The art released from Avengers Assemble shows the lineup is the exact same as the movie – Captain America , Iron Man , Thor , Hulk , Black Widow and Hawkeye – with the notable addition of the Falcon .
Avengers Series Replaces Spectacular Spider-Man Star with Ultimate Spidey
Joe Quesada tells TV Guide , “ Falcon is going to be the eyes of the viewer . He 's a new member of the Avengers so he 's walking through our stories wide-eyed and with wonder and amazed to be a part of it . He 's a little younger than the rest of the cast and a little greener , so they add an interesting dimension to the team that we think will play really well with the audience . ”
With Loeb and Quesada stressing how Avengers Assemble is meant to more closely match the Marvel movies , Falcon 's inclusion will only fuel the belief that the character will be added to future Marvel films – probably in Captain America 2 , which has already been speculated about .
Quesada and Loeb also discuss their other upcoming series , Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H. , with Loeb saying , “ we started talking about it and we thought what 's more fun than one Hulk ? And that would actually be five Hulks ! We 're taking characters that already exist in the Marvel Universe — because it 's very important to us that it all begins with [ the comic-book ] publishing . That cast is Hulk ; the Red Hulk ; Skaar , who 's the teenage barbarian Hulk , They Hulk — who 's actually been a character in the Marvel Universe for 30 years ; and a relatively new character , A-Bomb . He 's more of a Blue Hulk . And together they are Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H . ”
Eliza Dushku to Voice She-Hulk in New Hulk Animated Series
As for what S.M.A.S.H . stands for , Loeb says , “ Joe had that answer the first day : They 're Hulks , it can stand for anything they want it to . ”
Ultimate Spider-Man has just been renewed for a second season , and while there has been some criticism of that series from older fans , Quesada tells TV Guide , “ We loved the response from our hardcore Marvel fans . They really embraced the show and they got the word out in so many ways . It 's been pretty overwhelming . We knew we were creating a really special show , just how special we were n't sure . At the end of the day it 's a pretty democratic system how these things get renewed : You either have the ratings or you do n't . And we 've been really , really thankful and blessed that we 've had incredible ratings . ”
Loeb says the plan with Ultimate Spider-Man is to be relevant to the current Marvel movies , including The Amazing Spider-Man ( despite that being produced by Sony , not Marvel ) . `` There will be more stories that feature those Avengers characters — Captain America , Thor , Iron Man , the Hulk , they 'll all be coming back in Season 2 . But even more exciting to us is that we 're going to be able to explore the villain from this summer 's Amazing Spider-Man [ movie ] . Curt Connors has been playing a role throughout all of Season 1 , and finally in Season 2 , longtime Spidey fans and Marvel fans will get to see their transformation into the Lizard . ''
Exit Theatre Mode
Neither Avengers Assemble nor Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H . are officially set for a specific network yet , though when TV Guide asked Loeb about Disney XD seeming like the logical destination , they replied , “ I think the best answer for that would be , ‘ Would n't that be fantastic ? ' ”
Mustang News Staff Report
[ follow id = “ CPMustangNews ” ]
UPDATE 3:01 p.m. : Cal Poly has confirmed Steve Sampson as the new head coach of the Cal Poly men 's soccer program .
“ It is my distinct pleasure and an honor to welcome our new men 's soccer coach , Steve Sampson , ” Director of Athletics Don Oberhelman said . “ It 's clear we have the best soccer fans in the country , so why should n't we have one of the most accomplished head coaches in charge . ”
“ I truly feel blessed to be back in the college game , ” Sampson said . “ I know I 'm going to be very comfortable here . ”
Original Post :
Various sources have confirmed that former United States Men 's National Team head coach Steve Sampson will be named head coach of the Cal Poly men 's soccer program . Cal Poly is expected to unveil Sampson at a press conference today at 3 p.m .
Sampson is a familiar name to even the casual soccer fan . After winning the NCAA Men 's Soccer Championship as an assistant coach at UCLA in 1985 , they were hired as the head coach at Santa Clara . By 1989 , Sampson had led Santa Clara to a National Championship and was named the 1989 NCAA Men 's Soccer Coach of the Year .
Sampson was an assistant with the U.S Men 's National Team during the 1994 World Cup , and after head coach Bora Milutinovic resigned after the tournament , Sampson was named the interim head coach . In the Copa America 1995 , a tournament consisting of teams from both North and South America , Sampson led the United States to an astounding fourth-place finish , including victories over rival Mexico and powerhouse Argentina . The interim tag was quickly removed following the tournament .
Sampson went on to manage the Costa Rican National Team , as well as the Los Angeles Galaxy .
Cal Poly is their first major coaching role since leaving the Los Angeles based Major League Soccer club in 2006 .
WORLD WATCH MONITOR/ GETTY A mob of 5,000 attacked a group of Christians as they attempted to build a church
Vigilantes torched and looted homes in Baidaa village after hearing rumours worship was taking place . And the horror continued when six CHRISTIANS were arrested for the brutal attack . Naim Aziz Moussa , who was one of the Christians taken into custody , had offered the top two floors of their home to Christian villagers to use for worship . Visits by a Coptic priest to the house near Amria , a small town south of Alexandria , fuelled speculation .
They were shouting : ‘ One way or another , we 'll bring the church down to the ground ' Naim Aziz Moussa
A baying mob gathered and threw stones , destroyed a car and shouted “ We do n't want a church , we will knock down the church building , Egypt is an Islamic country. ” Mr Moussa said : `` More than 5,000 people , including young and old , men and women , mobbed my home . They were shouting : ‘ One way or another , we 'll bring the church down to the ground ' . “ ‘ No church will stand here in the village . It 's either us or you , infidels ! ' `` The building was ransacked , including our home . My brother 's nearby new flat was also destroyed . ”
WORLD WATCH MONITOR Many of the 80 Christians who live in the village were injured
Many of the 80 Christians who live in the village of Baidaa , an area is heavily influenced by Muslim Salafists , were injured in the chaos , including women and children . Local priest Father Karas narrowly escaped the violent crowd who smashed their car as police were called to the scene . Mr Moussa said : “ They were crying out : ‘ Islamic ! Islamic ! We do n't want churches in Amreyya ! ' '' “ As the police arrived at the scene , angry Muslims were shouting , while their women were showing signs of jubilation that the police were there . “ They were shouting out in support of the police , while at the same time stressing their rejection of the church on Islamic grounds .
WORLD WATCH MONITOR The baying mob also destroyed a motorbike
WORLD WATCH MONITOR Father Karas ' car was smashed by the gang
“ The police chief could see me bleeding from my wounds . I complained to them about what happened to me . They said I deserved this , and more . “ The police did nothing to protect the Christians . Right in their presence , more Christian properties were attacked . Father Karas 's car was smashed yet again. ” Ten homes were looted and two were torched as the mob destroyed all the fittings and fixtures used in the house for worship . Coptic Christians have long struggled to legally build churches in Egypt , despite a growing Christian population .
A new church can only be built by presidential decreers , which is only issued once a year . Villagers reported police officers attended evening Muslim prayers in front of the Christians ' homes and used loudspeakers to broadcast the service . Police arrested six Muslims and six Christians in the chaos , with the Muslims released to break their fast . The Christians were later released on bail and changed with building without permission and praying without a permit . Mr Moussa was among those arrested .
GETTY The village is near Amria , a small town south of Alexandria
GETTY Christians have increasingly come under attack in Egypt
The father-of-four is now sleeping rough with their pregnant wife after security forces banned the family from returning home . They said : `` When at the police station , I requested the officer to take me to hospital as my head was bleeding . I was kept till midnight , before being allowed to go to the hospital , where I was stitched . `` We 're sleeping rough . The security forces are not allowing us to go back home , unless we opt for extrajudicial conciliation . `` The police tell me I can only go home if I agree to reconcile with my opponents . '' The Moussa family have so far rejected the police bargain .
Ancient sites destroyed by ISIS Thu , December 8 , 2016 Daesh terrorists have blown up historical cultural heritage sites in the Middle East . These pictures show the ancient sites in all their glory before they were destroyed by ISIS . Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 20 The giant Buddha statues , which were destroyed by the Taliban in 2001 in Bamiyan province
A shocking report prepared by Russia 's Federal Atomic Energy Agency ( FAAE ) on information provided to them by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) states that the Obama regime has ordered a “ total and complete ” news blackout relating to any information regarding the near catastrophic meltdown of the Fort Calhoun Nuclear Power Plant [ photo top left ] located in Nebraska .
According to this report , the Fort Calhoun Nuclear Plant suffered a “ catastrophic loss of cooling ” to one of its idle spent fuel rod pools on 7 June after this plant was deluged with water caused by the historic flooding of the Missouri River which resulted in a fire causing the Federal Aviation Agency ( FAA ) to issue a “ no-fly ban ” over the area .
Located about 20 minutes outside downtown Omaha , the largest city in Nebraska , the Fort Calhoun Nuclear Plant is owned by Omaha Public Power District ( OPPD ) who on their website denies their plant is at a “ Level 4 ” emergency by stating : “ This terminology is not accurate , and is not how emergencies at nuclear power plants are classified . ”
Russian atomic scientists in this FAAE report , however , say that this OPPD statement is an “ outright falsehood ” as all nuclear plants in the world operate under the guidelines of the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale ( INES ) which clearly states the “ events ” occurring at the Fort Calhoun Nuclear Power Plant do , indeed , put it in the “ Level 4 ” emergency category of an “ accident with local consequences ” thus making this one of the worst nuclear accidents in US history .
Though this report confirms independent readings in the United States of “ negligible release of nuclear gasses ” related to this accident it warns that by the Obama regimes censoring of this event for “ political purposes ” it risks a “ serious blowback ” from the American public should they gain knowledge of this being hidden from them .
Interesting to note about this event was the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) Chief , Gregory B. Jaczko , blasting the Obama regime just days before the near meltdown of the Fort Calhoun Nuclear Power Plant by declaring that “ the policy of not enforcing most fire code violations at dozens of nuclear plants is “ unacceptable ” and has tied the hands of NRC inspectors . ”
This report further notes that the “ cover-up ” of this nuclear disaster by President Obama is being based on their “ fantasy ” of creating so-called green jobs which they ( strangely ) includes nuclear power into as their efforts to bankrupt the US coal industry proceed at a record breaking pace .
Unknown to the American people about Obama 's “ war ” on the US coal industry is it 's estimated to cost them over a 60 % increase in their electricity bills by 2014 and cause over 250,000 jobs to be lost in an already beleaguered economy .
More ominous for those American people whose lives depend on the coal industry that is being deliberately destroyed is the Obama regime 's massive “ security exercise ” currently ongoing in the major coal mining States of Ohio , Kentucky and West Virginia , and as we can read about , in part , as reported by InfoWars.Com :
“ If you 're still living under the delusion that the TSA is just restricted to airports then think again . A joint VIPR “ security exercise ” involving military personnel has Transportation Security Administration workers covering 5,000 miles and three states , illustrating once again how the TSA is turning into a literal occupying army for domestic repression in America .
The TSA , in alliance with a whole host of federal , state , local agencies as well as military personnel , is currently conducting a massive “ security exercise ” throughout Ohio , Kentucky and West Virginia .
“ The participating teams are composed of a variety of TSA assets including federal air marshals , canine teams , inspectors and bomb appraisal officers . They will be joined by state and local law enforcement officials to supplement existing resources , provide detection and response capabilities . The exercise will utilize multiple airborne assets , including Blackhawk helicopters and fixed wing aircraft as well as waterborne and surface teams , ” reports the Marietta Times .
Although the exercise is couched in serious rhetoric about preparedness , it relates to “ no specific threat ” and the details are nebulous to say the least and seems to revolve around little else than testing out high-tech surveillance equipment and reminding Americans who their bosses are . ”
Obama 's fears of the American people turning against nuclear power , should its true dangers be known , appear to be valid as both Germany and Italy ( whose people , unlike the Americans , have been told the truth ) have turned against it after the disaster in Japan and vowed to close all of their atomic plants .
Perhaps even more sadly for the American people is this report stating that the Obama regime is “ walking in lockstep ” with Japan in their attempts to keep the truth of nuclear accidents from their citizens ; which in the case of the Japanese can only be labeled as horrific as new evidence points to them knowing within hours of the Great Tsunami that their atomic reactors had melted down , but have only today ordered an evacuation of pregnant women from what are called “ radiation hotspots . ”
With a country that some scientists are now warning may soon become uninhabitable due to radiation damage , and with reports of mutant rabbits and radioactive whales now being reported , one wonders if in knowing the truth the American people would really want to follow Japan 's “ example ” instead of those people in Germany and Italy ?
But , with an already documented 35 % increase in the infant mortality rate for American mothers living in the western coastal regions of the US caused by radiation blowing onto them from Japan being ignored by these people there does n't seem to be much hope for them .
[ Ed . Note : Western governments and their intelligence services actively campaign against the information found in these reports so as not to alarm their citizens about the many catastrophic Earth changes and events to come , a stance that the Sisters of Sorcha Faal strongly disagrees with in believing that it is every human beings right to know the truth . Due to our missions conflicts with that of those governments , the responses of their ‘ agents ' against us has been a longstanding misinformation/misdirection campaign designed to discredit and which is addressed in the report “ Who Is Sorcha Faal ? ” . ]
http : //www.whatdoesitmean.com/index1493.htm USED BY PERMISSION
http : //rt.com/usa/news/calhoun-plant-safety-power
Cosmo Pyke 's latest single “ Chronic Sunshine ” is an elegant example of their talented musical abilities .
Having recently left world-famous BRIT School , the multi-instrumentalist from Peckham is slowly creating a promising musical career . Just last year Pyke supported Jaws upon a nationwide tour , and is soon to embark upon a tour of their own which culminates at south east London 's famous Montague Arms .
“ Chronic Sunshine ” builds upon a creative , spacey sound in which Pyke is known for . Their jazz/ neo-soul influences are obvious within the song through its echoed use of guitar and obvious bass-line . Lyrically , the single cleverly introduces a sense of nostalgic relaxation , it ideally should be listened to on the laziest of Sunday afternoons or after the most chaotic of club nights .
A regular in the London music scene , Cosmo Pyke is also prominent in the modelling industry , perhaps known for being cast in Frank Ocean 's “ Nikes ” video . However , it is their musical ability which is most impressive , their previous release “ Social Sites ” also received huge praise within the media and fans alike .
“ Chronic Sunshine ” provides the perfect starting point for a new listener , their sound is resemblant of a hybrid between King Krule and Mac Demarco .
For an 18 year old , Cosmo Pyke 's sound is incredibly mature , well developed and effective . Resultantly , one can only assume that their meteoric potential is entirely assured .
Listen to “ Chronic Sunshine ” via SoundCloud :
Follow @ eudaemoniablog on Twitter
Words by Alysha Shariff
Eudaemonia recommends “ Baya ” by Crosa Rosa
Image via Eudaemonia
Follow us on Facebook :
https : //www.facebook.com/eudaemoniablog/ ? ref=aymt_homepage_panel
Conservative celebrity and possible 2016 presidential candidate Ben Carson this week told the Christian Broadcasting Network ( CBN ) that gay rights activists are dividing America .
Carson told CBN 's David Brody that they feel God 's fingers pulling at their collar telling them to run for president in two years .
“ Has They grabbed you by the collar yet ? ” Brody asked . “ I read an article about that . ”
“ I feel fingers , ” Carson answered . “ But it 's mostly me . I have to be sure and it 's part of my personality that says always look before you leap but do n't leap before you have to . ”
“ May I potentially see you [ on the presidential campaign trail ] soon ? ”
“ I think there is a good chance you might , ” Carson replied .
Elsewhere in the interview , Carson said that gay rights and pro choice supporters are using “ hate speech ” to divide America for own political gain .
“ Americans have to recognize that we , the American people , are not each other 's enemies . The enemies are those people who try to divide everybody up . Who tries to incite people to anger and to hatred , ” Carson said .
“ A good example would be somebody who is pro-life , the inciters would come along and say , ‘ you 're anti-women , you hate women ' and they try to get women to hate you , when in fact you love women , you just happen also to love life and love babies . But that 's how they try to create the divisions , ” they added . “ Somebody who is pro-traditional-family , they 'll come up and say , ‘ he 's a homophobe , they hate gay people , they 're nasty ' and they just try to incite all this stuff really to further their own agendas . ”
Ironically , Carson has parleyed their opposition to equality into a possible political career .
About
Travesso Evolution
The Travesso Prima - user controlled exit valve
Travesso LLC is a company that was formed around the idea of creating a highly efficient miniature espresso machine that could be used in just about any location – at home , at the office , in a hotel room , in a dorm room , around a campfire , or even on a mountaintop .
So it began , drawing models , using a bicycle pump to create pressure , tweaking and editing until finally we had a working , functioning espresso device in our hands that consistently produced an exceptional shot of espresso with a nice , thick layer of crema ! Our next goal was to develop a working , functioning prototype that could be delivered to our fellow espresso enthusiasts . This was a time-consuming task as our quality requirements were high , but we did it !
early prototype
So here we are - from Prototype to Production Unit ! The Prima is our first design and is ready for manufacturing ! This compact unit delivers a truly exceptional shot of espresso , not only when compared to the other portable units on the market , but a shot that rivals many of the much more expensive counter top units when we performed side by side comparisons . It also fulfills the need of a smaller machine that takes up less counter top space in the kitchen , is easily stored away , is completely portable and makes a really great shot of espresso !
The Prima fits easily into a desk drawer !
Something else happened along the way ...
During our trials we realized we had created a slightly different process for producing a shot of espresso . One that turns the conventional theory of creating a quality shot of espresso upside down .
Our patent pending process uses both high pressure and a steeping method followed by a gradual pressure reduction during the extraction – unlike the continuous stream of pressure that most other machines exhibit .
Other portable espresso machines on the market incorporate a steady and continuous stream of pressure from the gas canister to move the water through the coffee . This results in those machines having to constantly fill an ever increasing volume of airspace during the extraction , which wastes N2O and results in fewer shots per cartridge . Other portable machines typically achieve around 8 shots per 8 gram cartridges .
The Travesso uses N2O or CO2 gas cartridges , but our process utilizes the gas more efficiently by delivering an initial charge of 15 bars/217 psi with the exit valve shut , allowing the Travesso to better infuse and high pressure steep the oils from the coffee before commencing the flow of espresso into the cup . Keep in mind with the Prima , the user has the ability to control and adjust the actual pressure used in producing a shot , as well as the ability to control the exit flow rate . Once the exit valve is opened and the flow of espresso begins , the pressure inside the Travesso slowly and uniformly decreases during the extraction . With this method , the Travesso can get approximately 20+ shots ( depending on your preferred level of pressure ) from a 15 gram gas cartridge . So , the two important key elements of our design ( and included in our patents ) are that we provide the user the ability to control the pressure level as well as the exit flow rate of the extraction .
pulling a shot
Adjusting the flow of the extraction via the exit valve
The rise of the Crema
Final extraction using the Travesso Prima
The benefits of our patent pending design and process include :
Consistent and superior crema
A bold but smooth espresso flavor
An extraction that is less acidic and less bitter
An espresso shot where more of the essential coffee oils are extracted
Simple and Basic - no complicated configuration
internal workings of other espresso machine
The Travesso Prima
Travesso Prima - Lid and Base ( Reservoir )
Where Kickstarter comes in
We are working with manufacturers to source our tooled parts as well as our components - but we need your help to jump from very small production runs of prototype units to full scale production of the Travesso Prima ! Our Kickstarter campaign funds will allow us to ensure the quality and quantity of the necessary tooling for full scale , high quality production of the Prima pod based unit . This Kickstarter campaign will also allow us to work on developing new and innovative coffee products including the Prima fresh ground unit currently on the drawing board !
Thanks for checking us out and thanks for your support !
Digital investigators say they ca n't tell who is behind thousands of new followers , only that the accounts likely are not real people
Most of Mitt Romney 's newest Twitter followers are fake , according to an investigation of bogus social media accounts .
A pay-for-follower service most likely drove the presumptive Republican nominee 's recent and dramatic spike in online followers , concluded Baccardua Labs , a digital security company .
The widely reported surge in tens of thousands of new followers for @ mittromney from 21 July – which provoked commentary and suspicion – appeared to have been purchased from a dealer , it said : `` We believe most of these recent followers of Romney are not from a general Twitter population but most likely from a paid Twitter follower service . ''
The analysis , part of a wider investigation into what the report called the underground Twitter economy , found telltale signals that about a quarter of the new followers were less than three weeks old and had not tweeted . Some 80 % were less than three-months-old .
The report 's author , Jason Ding , said there was no way of identifying whether it was the work of the Romney campaign , a Romney supporter or an opponent out to discredit him .
`` Romney 's newest followers could have been paid for by himself , their associates or by their opponents . So far , there is not a feasible way to confirm who is responsible . ''
Authentication was not required when buying Twitter followers from eBay or other websites , they said , and anyone could buy followers for other Twitter users .
As of Wednesday , Romney had nearly 800,000 followers .
Zac Moffat , the Romney campaign digital director , denied that their side was responsible . `` The Romney campaign does not buy Twitter followers , '' they told CNET . `` We have reached out to Twitter to find out additional information regarding the rapid growth . ''
By Wednesday afternoon @ mittromney had more than 792,800 followers . They gained 116,922 in a single day , 21 July . Around a tenth have since been suspended by Twitter .
Barracuda said this fit a wider pattern of clandestine Twitter trading which it began studying in May . `` Our team set up three Twitter accounts and purchased between 20,000 and 70,000 Twitter followers for each of them from eBay and another website searched from Google . ''
It identified `` dealers '' who charge an average of $ 18 for 1,000 followers . A dealer can earn up to $ 800 a day for 7 weeks of selling followings if they can control 20,000 fake accounts , it said . They can earn extra revenue by selling tweets and re-tweets .
The report defined dealers ' clients as `` abusers '' , with the average abuser boasting 48,885 followers . The phenomenon of fake accounts is not new . The oldest was said to be @ krails , created on 15 January 2007 . Dealers controlled the following speed and total following number of fake accounts to avoid being suspended by Twitter . `` Dealers can apply obscure techniques to make them hard to detect , eg randomly following some famous and some average people , or posting tweets grabbed from the Twitter stream , etc . ''
Prices for 1,000 followers ranged widely from $ 2 to $ 55 depending on how `` real '' they seemed . `` This underground Twitter business is just blooming , '' the report said .
Last week , BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti held an off-the-record company meeting , parts of which were tweeted by the company 's media reporter , Steven Perlberg .
Responding to a question about unions , Peretti reiterated to their Stateside staff that while they are not “ personally anti-union , ” they do not believe unionization is right for their particular shop . Telling employees it had been a “ good year for business , ” Peretti gifted their New York staff $ 250 bonuses , as well as BuzzFeed beanies . Some New York staffers took to Twitter to express their devotion to their company , and by extension their boss .
But this week , as their UK employees begin the grim process of deciding which chunk of their newsroom will be eliminated , they may be feeling less than grateful for the swag . During the yearlong attempt to have their union recognized , they were told , some say , by senior management that organizing could lead to a reduction in perks like free lunch , snacks , and yes , hoodies , as company lawyers fought the union through every step . And instead of negotiating what has been seen by some as a disjointed process through the National Union of Journalists , they head into the holidays after a messy couple of weeks .
In late November , Peretti sent a long email to their entire staff , extolling the virtues of their company and shouting out Twitter morning show AM to DM before mentioning , a couple hundred words in , a round of layoffs—layoffs editor-in-chief Ben Smith later told the London office would account to more than 20 jobs . Later that day , the London office announced the Christmas party would also be canceled . And a week later , staff representatives surprised employees by correcting the number of layoffs to 40 , across the business and editorial sides : Twenty-three of the UK office 's 76 journalists are currently up for elimination . The staff wisely held their own Christmas party and promptly headed to the pub .
Advertisement
Because UK labor laws are stricter than they are in the U.S. , staff cuts of this size require a company to negotiate layoffs for a period of at least 30 days . In the week leading up to Christmas , BuzzFeed UK staff are meeting with managers , who are assessing their roles and skills to determine which positions are considered redundant , as well as negotiating potential layoff packages .
Peretti sent an email with a single heart emoji in the subject line to the entire staff on the Saturday following the layoff announcement , thanking BuzzFeed for “ being so caring and thoughtful these past few days , especially those of you who said goodbye to close colleagues and friends. ” In the UK , the email was received in the dead of night by staff who had not even begun a process that is expected to last until midway through next month—a move one staffer described as “ tone deaf ” in the British press .
Current employees are reticent to speak about the layoffs , given that they 're in negotiations and fear the adverse effects of speaking about management . “ Obviously , it 's been a very trying time , ” one says , “ and morale is incredibly low , ” adding that it will be challenging to get employees “ back on board ” once the process concludes .
Advertisement
Peretti 's recent comments to their U.S. staff may sound familiar to the London office , who got a vastly expanded version of the speech in 2016 . Almost exactly a year before the layoff announcement , the BuzzFeed UK editorial staff sent a letter to UK editor-in-chief Janine Gibson requesting union recognition with the National Union of Journalists . In response , Peretti sent a letter referring to “ outside activists ” who had criticized their anti-union stances and reiterating that a union was not in BuzzFeed 's best interest , adding that it was important that they and their employees could “ speak openly and directly with each other . ”
To that end , Perretti sent BuzzFeed 's U.S-based “ head of people , ” Lenke Taylor , to the London office , where staff say they described their hoodie-wearing boss as not a “ regular CEO . ”
“ I think everyone sort of knew Jonah 's schtick about unions being bad was bullshit , ” says one former employee , who wished to remain anonymous due to a non-disclosure agreement . But “ the majority of the staff there are really , really young , and this is their first job . ”
Advertisement
Peretti themselves made a rare visit to the UK office almost exactly a year ago , hosting an all-staff Q & A to explain why a union might be right for other companies , just not for his , as well as a long “ social visit ” in the local pub and a next-day brunch . Employees from the time describe Peretti “ feigning ignorance ” about why their British employees would want to organize , and a sense that they took the drive personally , asking their staff why they wanted to go through a “ third party ” to address such issues as gender pay parity rather than speaking directly to their CEO . ( In the New York meeting , Peretti said they believed they and other senior management could more effectively “ advocate ” for employees than a “ third party , ” as well . )
Peretti , who once published a piece of Marxist theory in an academic journal , also offered a bit of critical theory to their employees during the 2016 visit . Employees at the time recall them speaking of Karl Marx 's ideas about the “ species being ” during the pub visit .
“ I understood [ Jonah 's ] argument to mean that they thought they had created such a utopian workplace that nobody was actually having to work , ” says one former employee , though the person added they were n't entirely sure . Neither BuzzFeed nor Peretti opted to clarify—or comment on the layoffs or anti-union campaign .
Advertisement
Over the next year , BuzzFeed 's lawyers fought the ratification of the union , filing lengthy rebuttals to contest each step of the process . As recently as this month , as staff was adjusting to news of the layoffs , the British Central Arbitration Committee reached a decision on the union 's proposed bargaining unit , rejecting BuzzFeed 's claims the UK “ Buzz ” team—the team responsible for viral content like quizzes—was closer in nature to advertising than editorial , given its emphasis on generating traffic , and should n't be included .
“ My main vibe is of dismay at the time and money they put into the anti-union fight , ” says the same employee who spoke to Peretti at length about Marx . “ The sheer effort of it . They they would rather destroy their own staff 's morale than grant them a basic right . ”
Having effectively canceled Christmas , the London office nonetheless treated its staff to an opulent free lunch this week—a privilege that 's still intact , as employees wait to find out who 's out of a job next year . On this week 's menu : caviar tartlets .
Advertisement
Correction : A former version of this story incorrectly stated Jonah Peretti studied Karl Marx during their time in graduate school , as a Buzzfeed rep was quick to point out . In fact , Peretti read a wide array of critical theory as an undergrad and later published a piece of Marxist theory in an academic journal , before they attended MIT . It was about advertising and “ resisting the logic of late capitalism . ”
Derek Thompson from The Atlantic manages to present 2,000 years of economic history in 5 paragraphs plus a colorful little graph by Michael Cembalest , an analyst at JP Morgan .
In Year 1 , India and China were home to one-third and one-quarter of the world 's population , respectively . It 's hardly surprising , then , that they also commanded one-third and one-quarter of the world 's economy , respectively .
Until the Industrial Revolution , Thomson explains , income growth was based on simple numbers : if lots of people died , incomes went up . If lots of people were born , incomes went down , which in turn led to more deaths and repeated the cycle . As a result , populations closely approximated a country 's GDP , they write .
But then came the game-changer , the Industrial Revolution .
Today , the U.S. accounts for 5 % of the world population and 21 % of its GDP . Asia ( minus Japan ) accounts for 60 % of the world 's population and 30 % of its GDP . So , one way to read the graph , very broadly speaking , is that everything to the left of 1800 is an approximation of population distribution around the world and everything to the right of 1800 is a demonstration of productivity divergences around the world — the mastering of means of manufacturing , production and supply chains by steam , electricity , and ultimately software that concentrated , first in the West , and then spread to Japan , Russia , China , India , Brazil , and beyond .
The post quickly accumulated over 100 comments , and some readers questioned the validity of the graph . RayTheFourth wrote :
The bigger question is how you compare economies across time using metrics devised in the 20th century with 20th century mathematical tools . Data is n't standardized across history because at different places and at different times varying sets of data may , or may not , be gathered While estimations can be made based off of these data sets , pairing them with the more precise modern data creates a distorted view of what we actually know . While I would love to be able to accurately compare modern economic apples to historical ones , all we can do with the data at hand is to compare modern economic apples to what we assume are oranges , which we then try to turn into apples .
In response , Thompson fired back with a second post the next day , complete with graphs of GDP per capita plotted against the same timeline .
This data visualization still points to Asia 's propensity to dominate economically . Thompson summarizes :
The industrial revolution did n't happen everywhere at the same time , but it did have the same effect everywhere : massively rising GDP/person . The Japanese and Chinese stories are the most dramatic . Japan , which was behind Eastern Europe before World War I , nearly caught the United States by the end of the 20th century . China , which fell behind Africa in the middle of the 20th century , is now perhaps the most massive success story in industrialization history .
More from Smithsonian.com : Great Depression Had Little Effect on Death Rates , Men of China 's Qing Dynasty Chose Trophy Wives to Flaunt Their Wealth
A federal judge has thrown out a rule that required companies to disclose payments made to U.S. and foreign governments for the extraction of oil , natural gas , and minerals .
The decision is a major setback for proponents of greater transparency and accountability in the extractive resources industry .
Congress instructed the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) to write the rule as part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank law . In their opinion today , U.S. District Judge John D. Bates ruled that the federal regulator erred in requiring public disclosure of the payment reports . “ The statute 's plain language poses an immediate problem for the Commission , for it says nothing about public filing of these reports , ” they wrote .
Senator Ben Cardin ( D-MD ) —one of the authors of the Dodd-Frank provision—said today that the Judge misinterpreted Congress 's intent . “ Congress was clear in the letter and the spirit of the law that this information should be in the public domain , ” they stated . Earlier this year , Cardin and other Senators submitted an amicus brief arguing that “ only public disclosure…serves Congressional intent . ”
Oxfam—which joined the SEC in defending the rule—said they “ strongly disagree ” with the Judge 's opinion , but they believe the SEC “ will be able to ultimately reissue the rules in the same form , with a stronger justification that satisfies the court 's requirements . ”
An SEC spokesperson said the agency is reviewing the Judge 's decision , according to Reuters .
Several years ago , the U.S. Court of Appeals threw out a different SEC rule that would have made it easier for shareholders to replace members of corporate boards . The agency did not appeal the Court 's decision .
The SEC 's resource transparency rule was challenged by groups representing oil companies and other corporations .
Complete offer , savings and restriction details :
◊ To qualify for the contract buyout program , a customer must order and install a qualifying Triple Play or limited Double Play promotion ; offers not available in all areas . Offer available to qualifying customers only who have no outstanding obligations to Charter . Check amount will be determined by the early termination fee on the final bill from the previous provider , not to exceed $ 500 . For contract buyout qualifications , go to Spectrum.com/buyout .
* Limited time offer ; subject to change ; valid to qualified residential customers who have not subscribed to any services within the previous 30 days and who have no outstanding obligation to Charter . Standard rates apply after yr. 1 . Price for Internet is $ 44.99/mo for yr. 1 ; standard rates apply after yr 1 . Installation , equipment , taxes , fees and surcharges extra ; additional services are extra . General Terms : INTERNET : Available Internet speeds may vary by address . Services subject to all applicable service terms and conditions , subject to change . Services not available in all areas . Restrictions apply . Enter your address to determine availability .
View all customer disclosures here .
Photo
I 'm a city girl from New York . I 'm also 82 and half-blind , so what am I doing deer hunting with my son , Sam , at the end of October in Montana ? We 're in the foothills of the Swan Mountains near Kalispell , south of Glacier National Park . For the last four days , Sam and I have been tramping dawn to dusk over tree debris that loggers call “ clear-cut. ” We have n't eaten since we left their cabin before dawn . Now it 's snowing , and I 'm wet , tired and bloody cold .
Because Sam wanted to make sure I would n't blow their head off by mistake , I learned how to load and fire a .22-caliber rifle in September at a shooting range off Fifth Avenue in Manhattan . I found out you needed only one eye to line up the sights . But when I got to Montana , it was n't a .22 Sam handed me but a .270 Winchester with a scope . They showed me how to haul it up , push it hard into my shoulder and jam my cheek along the stock , but the gun was so heavy I could ­barely keep it still . Even if I see a deer , I thought , how will I aim this wobbling bazooka ?
Sam calls hunting “ earning your food. ” Although I 've spent a lifetime buying , cooking and eating food , this would be the first time I 'd ever hunted and sought to kill . Others had always done that for me .
By noontime on this fifth deerless day , I have seen nothing but snowflakes and ravens . The air has been so milky that I fantasize coyotes , wolves , mountain lions , bears . Sam has pointed out the scat of all these , fresh and glistening , along with deer scat . But the whitetail stay invisible . I 've liked the challenge , but I 've also yearned to go home — not to Sam 's cabin but to my overheated New York apartment .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the Super Bowl era , when a team wins the turnover battle , it wins the game 77 percent of the time . The correlation is clear : Turnovers are game-altering events that can create huge swings in win probability . Even when turnovers do n't lead directly to points for the opposition , they can have a cascading negative effect . In addition to any emotional swing they might cause , turnovers can flip leverage in the field position game . Plus , any turnover essentially creates an extra possession for one team and cancels a possession for the other . That discrepancy is hard to overcome over the course of a game .
With the Super Bowl itself , that effect has been magnified . In the history of the league 's championship game , 88 percent of the teams that won the turnover battle also won it all .
Super Bowl LI pits two of the most disciplined , ball-protecting offenses in NFL history against each other . New England and Atlanta finished the regular season tied for best in the league with just 11 turnovers apiece — the third-fewest since the NFL 's 16-game schedule was instituted in 1978 . The turnover battle is now more important than ever . In a matchup between two nearly perfect teams , even one mistake by either the Patriots or Falcons could be the difference in the game .
During the regular season , the Falcons relied on ball security from their skill-position players combined with Matt Ryan 's 38-to-7 touchdown-to-interception ratio . As a team , Atlanta finished the season with a near-record 63-to-11 total-touchdowns-to-turnover ratio , only trailing the 2010 Patriots ' 65-to-10 mark .
The Falcons have carried that ball-control identity into the playoffs , where they 've yet to turn the ball over in victories over the Seahawks and Packers . All told , dating back to Week 15 , Atlanta 's gone 281 minutes and six seconds without turning the ball over , a streak spanning 298 offensive plays over 48 offensive drives . Since their last turnover , the Falcons have scored 20 touchdowns and 171 points — if that mistake-free football carries into Sunday 's game and Atlanta comes out on top , it 'd be the first Super Bowl–winning team to go an entire postseason without committing a turnover .
The Patriots were n't as prolific as the Falcons , but they still finished with an impressive 51-to-11 in touchdowns-to-turnovers differential . They accomplished that in large part due to Tom Brady 's ridiculous 28-to-2 touchdown-to-interception ratio . They threw a pick on just 0.5 percent of their throws this year , the third-best rate of all time among qualifying quarterbacks . But New England was also aided by an otherworldly fumble recovery rate — the Patriots fumbled 27 times but lost just nine of them .
New England has n't been quite so flawless this postseason ; the Pats coughed up three turnovers — a special teams fumble by Dion Lewis and two uncharacteristic interceptions by Brady — against the Texans in the divisional round . Luckily , New England 's defense picked up the slack , grabbing three takeaways of their own to finish even in the turnover battle and win the game .
Related The Patriots Defense Is Built to Stop the Falcons Offense
These two well-oiled offensive machines wo n't be matched up with blocking dummies , though . Both defenses have been grabbing takeaways at a high rate during their respective win streaks . New England is in the midst of a nine-game streak , and in that time the Patriots have amassed 19 turnovers that have led to 78 points . That 's an average of 2.1 turnovers a game , which would translate to nearly 34 turnovers across an entire season , one more than Kansas City 's league-leading 33 from this year . During Atlanta 's six-game win streak , the Falcons have created 13 turnovers leading to 59 points , an average of 2.2 per game — a rate that would give them nearly 35 over a full season .
Both teams are taking care of the ball with an incredible amount of discipline , and they 're both frequently taking the ball away from their opponents , too . While it 's unlikely that either offense suddenly plays sloppy football on Sunday , it 's also unlikely that we go a full four quarters without a turnover on either side . ( The last time that happened was in 1999 , and it 's happened only twice in 50 Super Bowls . ) So , with two of the best ball-protection teams in NFL history squaring off — and with their defenses as opportunistic as ever — it seems like something has to give . The first turnover we see on Sunday in Houston might be the last , but it also might be the play that decides the Super Bowl — even if we wo n't know it right away .
WATCH : Raw video showing extensive damage and debris from Air Canada flight 624 that crash landed in Halifax on Sunday
HALIFAX – Halifax lawyer Ray Wagner says at least one passenger is planning to sue Air Canada for reparations after Flight 624 crash landed late Saturday night .
There are also reports that a Halifax law firm is also considering a class action lawsuit .
None of the passengers or crew on the plane were seriously injured in the crash , though one person was still believed to be recovering in hospital on Monday night .
Some passengers were left on the runway for nearly an hour before being brought to a nearby hotel for assessment .
WATCH : Passengers Randy Hall and Lianne Clark describe the scary crash landing in Halifax and their anger over the lack of response once they were off the plane
READ MORE : AC624 passenger recounts harrowing experience
IN PHOTOS : Air Canada plane skids off runway at Halifax airport
Officials at Air Canada say they have been giving passengers funds to cover immediate expenses and will work with them on any additional matters .
More to come .
This past week , the Internet , our editorial pages , and our talk shows have been filled with calls for gun control . That happens every time there 's a terrible massacre like the one we saw in South Carolina . The talk always fades .
I support gun control , but these efforts are doomed and always have been -- and not just because of the power of the NRA . Guns are so enmeshed in American history , so much a part of our cultural DNA that there will never be truly meaningful gun control in the U.S . Advocates of gun control do n't seem to understand that and do n't seem to understand our founding national story .
Part of why we rebelled against the British was their attempt to take away our guns . In 1774 , the British only had 2,000 troops in heavily-armed and seething Boston , and the British response was to take control of the powder house , which meant that Bostonians would n't be able to use their guns . The British also started searching for guns and ammunition without warrants . And to suppress a rebellion against their rule , the British began effectively embargoing exportation of guns and ammunition to the Colonies .
The very first battles at Lexington and Concord between Americans and the British took place because British troops were coming to seize an American arms cache . So guns are right there at the founding of our nation -- they 're there before we had a flag , a Declaration of Independence , a government , a national anthem , before we had anything that truly united us . Guns , and holding on to our guns .
If you do n't understand that , you do n't understand American history -- and why repeated efforts at gun control have failed so miserably and will continue to fail no matter how much anguish we suffer . Citing gun control in other countries is pointless , because no other country has our unique history with guns and what they mean to us . Tragedies like the one in Charleston will keep happening , and so will the calls for change -- but our history ca n't be unmade .
Prince Khaled bin Salman , was given Saudi Arabia 's top diplomatic post as ambassador to the US .
Meanwhile , another of the king 's sons , Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman , was given one of Saudi Arabia 's most important positions , becoming state minister for energy affairs on Sunday .
Eight princes were also given deputy governor posts for cities or regions in Saudi Arabia including Mecca , Medina and Riyadh .
Young blood
Saudi Arabia 's ruling al-Saud family have dominated the country 's political system since the establishment of the third al-Saud state , with only a few senior roles given to non-royals .
Saudi Arabia has announced that benefits for military personnel and civil servants will be reinstated , as King Salman unveiled a series of royal decree on Sunday.The measures came after Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman reviewed the cuts , part of government efforts to curb spending when oil prices tanked in 2014.Mohammed bin Salman reasoned that the overall fiscal situation for Saudi Arabia looks better after two years of austerity and that Riyadh can ease off on some of its austerity measures . `` The royal order returns all allowances , financial benefits , and bonuses to civil servants and military staff , '' said the decree , according to Reuters.Riyadh 's experiment with austerity saw economic growth slow , after the price of oil went below the $ 30 a barrel mark early last year.Since then , the price of a barrel has stabilised to around $ 50 but economists argue that the days of plenty could be over for Saudi Arabia with oil will unlikely to rise significantly in the coming years.Saudi Arabia has unveiled an ambitious diversification programme called Saudi Vision 2030 , which Riyadh hopes will see growth in other non-oil sectors.Part of this mission is to see Saudi youth take a bigger role in government and running the economy , while the puritanical vigor of the ulama will be kept in check.This was seen with the announcement of a cabinet shake-up and new roles for young princes in diplomacy and government.One of King Salman 's sons , fighter pilot
In our first year running Fiercely Curious & Fiercely Made we 've gone from a ramshackle pop-up gallery show with 6 artists to one of Brooklyn 's biggest art & design shows . And this week , we 're hosting our next event with over 40 Brooklyn based artists , furniture designers and makers . Feb 27th — Mar 5th RSVP here . Here are 5 reasons you should come along : Abstract & Artful We 'll have plenty of soft tonal colors and textures on show from Brooklyn artists :
Landscapes by Shane Neufeld
September Creeping In by Emily Church Brooklyn Brewed & Baked Brooklyn is delicious . We 've curated the best of Brooklyn food and drink to serve you up for free during our week-long show . We 'll have Roberta 's Pizza & Threes Brewing Beer ( Feb 28th ) , Barrows Intense ( Mar 5th ) and Brooklyn Brewery all week long !
Local Brooklyn food and drink !
Color & Copper The best thing about mixing art and design is that we get to blur the boundaries — showcasing art next to design , design that looks like art and beautiful objects that defy classification . Digital Archetype 8 by Shane Neufeld “ In a world in which information may be disseminated easily and replicated with exhausting exactness , these images invert the typical relationship between the technical process of reproduction and content . Whereas typically , digital methods are intended to precisely reproduce archetypes , the images exploit digital techniques to perform just the opposite : to upend our traditional expectation of the machine and instead use it 's methods for purely imprecise and unique results . Thus , the technical process informs content rather than merely reproduces it . The result is a hybrid image that exudes traces of both a digital and human world. ” — Shane Neufeld The vibrance of color will be balanced against the neutral tones , warm metal and organic forms of TJ Volonis ' copper designs :
Aperture Coffee Table by TJ Volonis
Surf & Steel The things being made here in Brooklyn will amaze you — we 'll be showing some beautiful surfboards made in Williamsburg by Wax / Surf Co ! Come hang out with Mike and Tyler — ask them about surfing through the winter and what goes into the process of making these boards by hand . Surfboards in the front , steel in the back— across the back wall of our space we 'll mount a 7 foot cold rolled slab of beautiful steel to house the magnificent art installation by Susan Weinthaler — Waltz . Waltz is made with pages from Thoreau 's book “ Walden ” and Mandelbrot 's book “ Fractals in Nature ” , ink drawings , hardwood , glue , paint and polyurethane . Mounted on the steel canvas with magnetic backings , these artistic “ bits ” present infinite possibilities :
Waltz by Susan Weinthaler
Plants of Air & Petals We have something special for horticultural hedonists . First up — where science meets nature , bent wood sculpts around the air plants that are cradled within . These creations are from The Art of Plants — by Jenny Wong-Stanley in their Red Hook studio :
Jenny Wong-Stanley of Art of Plants
And we 'll also be showcasing some breathtaking watercolor paintings of peonies from William Suran 's Demon Series ( along with some prints too ! ) :
Portion of Demon 10 by William Suran
The definition of happiness can not have any simple answer . Happiness can not really be defined , or put into words , it is a feeling . The best thing about happiness is , it need not be found in grand gestures , the smallest of things can bring us lasting joy and happiness . Ask yourself , “ Am I happy ? ” , and then look inward to find the happiness you seek . While we may struggle to find happiness where as the truth is , it can be easily created . There are 5 simple ways all of us can do every day , for a fix of everyday happiness and in this post we share them with you . Who thought it would be so easy to ban blue days !
Do something you Love – Do n't just think of doing all those things you love to do , go ahead and do them ! True happiness can be achieved when we actually involve ourselves mentally , emotionally and physically in activities we find joy in . These need not be things which are time consuming or expensive . Does blowing bubbles make you happy ? How about painting or sketching if you 've been out of touch for a long time ? Maybe write something for yourself ! If you love photography , then take out your camera and click away . Happiness is all about living in the moment and doing the things that we love .
Eat something you Love – We say the happiest way to anybody 's heart is through the tummy , and not only a man 's heart ! Choose to eat something that you love eating . This is also a great way to assess your eating habits and to make choices to eat more mindfully . But then , a slice of chocolate cake every now and then can be a source of profound happiness and that is what life is all about !
Sing a song you Love – Not all of us are born singers , but all of us do love to sing . Also , it is a proven way to drive away negative feelings by helping us emote in ways that we did n't think we could . So instead of worrying how you would sound , raise your voice and sing out loud .
Dance to a tune you Love – The famous poet Rumi once said , “ Dance , when you are broken open . Dance , if you 've torn the bandage off . Dance in the middle of the fighting . Dance in your blood . Dance when you 're perfectly free. ” So let your heart free and dance to your favorite song . Dance with a smile on your face as if the world is your stage , and no one is watching !
Connect with someone you Love – Nothing can be more satisfying than having a deep and meaningful conversation with someone you love . Well , actually , the conversation does n't really have to be very deep or meaningful . Simply reaching out and letting the person know you are there for him/her and knowing that ( s ) he is there for you can be truly uplifting . Another great way to do this is to connect with someone you have n't been in touch for in a while . All it will take is a short email , or an even shorter text message to reach out and say “ Hi , how have you been ? It 's been long. ” The happiness that a simple gesture brings you is worth experiencing .
Being happy is a state of mind . Happiness is everywhere , all we have to do is look for it and in case we fail to find it , then create it ourselves . What are your own ways of creating happiness every day ?
Comments
comments
Beth has no interest in losing their foxy for most the day all the time . So it 's not unusual for them to try and get them to call in sick , or go in late , or go in with them attached ...
“ I have to go to work… ”
“ But I need my fox 's loving… ”
“ We already went two rounds this morning . ”
“ We usually do three . ”
“ I 'm running late . ”
“ It 'll be fast , I 'm already naked ! ”
“ You always go for the knot , it wo n't be fast . ”
“ I wo n't this time . I promise ! ”
“ You will . I 'll do that thing you like when I get home . ”
“ But I want it now ! ”
“ … ”
“ We can do it on the way ! ”
“ I am not having my boss see you STUCK ! … ( That would be awkward for a number of reasons… ) ”
“ I 'll hide inside a coat ! ”
“ You tried that before and were as subtle as an elephant in Little Rodentia . ”
“ PLEASE ! ! ! ”
Living with an eternally horny and energetic bunny has its upsides , but it can clash with life outside the home at times . It 's an almost daily struggle just to get out the door .
( Edit : Put entire conversation up . Do n't know why I did n't do so at the start ... )
Art by
-- -
William F'Talis ( c ) me .
Beth Hopps ( c ) Kulkum .
Zootopia and its characters ( c ) Disney .
- Huge thanks to them once again.Did a quick and subtle color-up , which is up with this one on my blog for these two ( knot-expected on tumblr ) . Beware nsfw will be fairly common theme there . Plan to do a more complete coloring in near future , but did n't want to hold this off till then . Enjoy !
Jason Getz
AP
Gale Walldorff holds a historic sign of a woman saying “ Do n't tell me what to do , ” during the “ Walk in My Shoes , Hear Our Voice ” Protest Monday , March 12 , 2012 at the state Capitol in Atlanta . The rally Monday comes after the Senate last week passed measures banning abortion coverage under state employees ' health care plans and exempting religious health care providers from having to cover birth control .
The first presidential election in which I voted was 1976 , with Jimmy Carter and Gerald Ford running for office . The election arrived on the heels of a tumultuous time in America : Nixon had resigned in disgrace and there was a dark mistrust of politics . Carter came in as the Washington outsider and carried the South ( unusual for post civil-rights Democrats ) because of their evangelical roots . As it turned out , Jimmy Carter was a big disappointment to the evangelical Christians – they believed they had the duty of upholding the Constitution and the wall of church-state separation . Like Kennedy , they believed their religion was private and not the basis for presidential decisions .
Only 12 years before those elections , the Civil Rights Act had been passed , and the year before the election , the twenty-year conflict in Vietnam finally came to a close . For some , the changes were frightening , but for others there seemed to be a renewed sense of hope : political change , changes in the long-standing social structure , and the idea that we would never again get ourselves into a long-drawn out conflict with little chance of resolution .
For me , as a young woman just starting their adult life , the women 's liberation movement and the inclusion of ‘ sex ' in Title VII of the Civil Rights Act gave me something very powerful . I did not have to follow the paths of my mother , grandmothers , or their mothers before them . I could have a career . I did n't have to find a husband to make me a complete person , and I could decide when or whether to have children .
Now , here I am , 36 years older , and I am watching in horror as those opportunities are being threatened by theocratic Christians .
I ca n't help but think of my niece . They are far too young to understand the repercussions that could come if the radicals are able to successfully eradicate the right of women to direct their own reproduction . They are too young to understand the full implications of this new ‘ war on the womb ' on their future . Yet , it will be she , not me , who will pay the ultimate price of religious enslavement to the biological heritage of being female .
They do n't understand .
But I do .
That 's why I need to be at the Reason Rally on the Mall this March 24 .
The “ war on the womb ” is not just about the bizarre notion that a blastocyst should be considered a human being , thus banning all forms of viable contraceptives . No . It is much more insidious than that . It is the radical Christian version of the burka–designed to keep women in their place , subservient to men .
If women ca n't determine their own reproduction , women will lose in the workplace , in education and in the right to live their lives as they choose . They will lose all they have gained over the past decades in terms of equality and opportunity . This holds true whether a woman is single , married , or divorced . Couples will no longer have the right to plan their own lives–to plan , for example , the number of children they want and when they want them . Some politicians and activists believe it is their ‘ God-given-right ' to interfere in the most private of decisions of both women and men . They want to own the family and police the bedroom
I have to say , I am really angry . I am beyond the age of having children , so it has little to do with my personal life-style or life-choices any longer . But I know from experience how important those choices were to me as I entered adulthood and the work force . I made personal decisions , and had the means to follow my dreams and ambitions . Such choices that were never afforded to my mother or grandmother . I want my niece , and others like her , to be able to make their own decisions about their life and their body . I want them to dream and work and struggle for whatever they want to achieve . I do n't want their dreams to die at the hand of those who would take this broad future away from them
Please join me in rallying for taking back our rights as individuals from those who seek to impose their religious beliefs on the rest of us . Stop the new radicals from enforcing their fanatical views and ignorance by way of the government . Do n't let them cloak our daughters in invisible burkas .
R. Elisabeth Cornwell is a executive director , Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science , United States .
More On Faith :
Richard Dawkins : Who would rally against reason ?
Fred Edwords : The great atheist ‘ coming out '
David Silverman : Why we need a Reason Rally
U.S. Rep. Jeff Miller , R-Florida , is the chairperson of the House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .
( CNN ) In America , honoring our veterans comes second nature to most citizens . That 's because the overwhelming majority of our people understand that , if not for the service and sacrifice of those who have worn the uniform , the United States would not be the extraordinary place it is today .
Unfortunately , this concept seems lost on the people at drugmaker Gilead Sciences .
The company is the maker of the hepatitis drug sofosbuvir , which can potentially cure hepatitis C , a chronic liver disease that affects about 3.2 million Americans , including nearly 200,000 veterans . The fact that Gilead is making this landmark medication available to consumers is an overwhelmingly positive development that deserves recognition .
But the way in which the company is picking and choosing who gets affordable access to the drug deserves condemnation .
Sofosbuvir does n't come cheap -- that is , unless you live in countries such as Egypt , where Gilead is making the drug available for around $ 900 for the full 12-week regimen
Meanwhile , here in the United States , the company is charging the Department of Veterans Affairs upward of $ 40,000 for the same treatment , which reportedly costs about $ 1,400 to manufacture . The department -- and Congress -- have been scrambling to cover the costs of the drug .
In fact , during the current and prior fiscal years alone , Congress has authorized an additional $ 2.7 billion for the VA to help prevent the department from having to ration veterans ' access to the drug .
The extraordinary prices Gilead is charging U.S. customers for sofosbuvir are making the company rich , bringing in more than $ 10 billion in the drug 's first year on the market .
But Gilead 's tone-deaf pricing strategy also fails to take into account the fact that without the Department of Veterans Affairs , the drug at the center of this debate would not even exist . Sofosbuvir was invented by a team led by a VA doctor , who sold the company that developed the drug to Gilead in 2012 .
In other words , Gilead is making billions by charging American taxpayers exorbitant prices for medicine a VA doctor helped invent . And to add insult to injury , Gilead is practically giving the drug away in Egypt and some 90 other developing nations .
Gilead , in a twisted attempt to defend this exploitation of our veteran community , will likely point to the fact that it is already providing sofosbuvir to the VA at a discount . While it 's true that the company is selling the VA its sofosbuvir products at discounted prices that range from $ 41,280 to $ 68,267 , this paltry price reduction pales in comparison to the deal Gilead is giving hepatitis sufferers in other countries .
The government should n't be in the business of telling private companies what to charge their customers . But by the same token , companies such as Gilead should n't price-gouge one group of consumers to subsidize its preferential treatment of another .
Gilead 's price discrimination against American veterans and the organization established to care for them is a slap in the face to the millions who depend on VA health care as well as the taxpayers who generously fund the department .
If there is any group of citizens anywhere in the world who deserve affordable access to life-saving medications such as sofosbuvir , it 's America 's veterans . It 's unfortunate that Gilead 's leaders are apparently too busy kowtowing to foreign countries to realize this .
The Trojan Family grew by 3,358 when the fall semester began , and many of those incoming students are first in their families to attend college . Almost 17 percent of the class of 2021 are first-generation college students , according to the USC Office of Admission .
Foshay graduates now at USC : Kathryn Johnston , Jose Martinez-Garcia , Dayanara Saucedo , Samantha Suarez , Katherine Loera , Jessica Hernandez-Flores , Angelica Vasquez , Fatima Saravia , Sergio Lopez and Nancy Hernandez , from left ( USC Photo/Gus Ruelas ) From Foshay to USC For the second year in a row , the Foshay Learning Center — a public high school less than a mile from USC 's University Park Campus — has sent more first-year students to USC than any other high school . One reason : USC 's Neighborhood Academic Initiative .
Find out more >
About two-thirds of the class are students of color . The incoming class also has the highest average test scores in USC history .
“ As the numbers show , our fall first-year student class is the highest achieving and the most diverse in USC history , ” said Provost Michael Quick . “ What the numbers do n't show is that these students are a remarkable group of motivated , innovative individuals who will take on the toughest challenges of the coming decades .
“ We have every expectation that we are developing scholars who will be their generation 's leaders . We could not be more thrilled that they have chosen to join the Trojan Family . ”
More high achievers saying ‘ yes ' to USC
Never before have so many applied to USC . A record 56,675 applications were received , while USC 's first-year admission rate hit a new low of 16 percent .
Of those offered admission , a record-high 37 percent accepted — up more than 3 percentage points from a year ago .
The average test score for first-time students was in the 96th percentile , versus last year 's , which was in the 95th percentile . Nineteen percent of this year 's first-year student class earned straight A 's throughout high school . The average unweighted grade-point average is 3.76 on a 4.0 scale — and well over 4.0 if weighted .
Making a USC degree affordable
The university increases funding for financial aid each year , and the net cost of a USC education has dropped for a considerable number of students .
“ Our commitment to our students can be seen in the robust financial assistance we offer — and in the declines in the net price of tuition many of them pay , ” Quick said . “ In four years , the net price of tuition has dropped nearly 14 percent for those whose families earn between $ 75,000 and $ 110,000 . That 's a strong signal of our support to our students — financially as well as academically . This is a commitment that we honor and will work to maintain . ”
With one of the most abundant financial aid pools in the country , USC provides more than $ 330 million in scholarships and aid . About 22 percent of the 2017 entering first-year class received a merit-based scholarship from USC , and over 60 percent received some form of financial assistance .
USC practices need-blind admission , referring to a student 's ability to pay , is not considered in the admissions process and all demonstrated need is met .
From close by and far away
For the second year in a row , Foshay Learning Center in South Los Angeles is the most represented high school in USC 's first-year student class , with 21 students . Foshay is less than a mile from the University Park Campus . Foshay was followed by Palos Verdes Peninsula High School , Troy High School , Torrey Pines High School and Corona Del Mar High School .
The class has at least one student from all 50 states . The majority , 41 percent , are from California , followed by New York , Texas , Illinois and Washington . Several notable geographic areas , including the Bay Area , New York City and Washington , D.C./Baltimore , sent more first-time students to USC than ever before , according to USC Admission .
Nearly 14 percent of this year 's class are international students — among the largest in USC 's history . The 462 students represent 46 countries . Most are from China , followed by India , Canada , South Korea and Taiwan .
More stories about : College Admissions
Published online 20 July 2011 | Nature 475 , 274-275 ( 2011 ) | doi:10.1038/475274a
News
Technological advances remove basis for government oversight of genetically modified crops .
When the US Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) announced this month that it did not have the authority to oversee a new variety of genetically modified ( GM ) Kentucky bluegrass , it exposed a serious weakness in the regulations governing GM crops . These are based not on a plant 's GM nature but on the techniques used for its genetic modification . With changing technologies , the department says that it lacks the authority to regulate newly created transgenic crops .
Glyphosate-resistant Kentucky bluegrass has outgrown US rules on genetically modified crops . SCOTTS MIRACLE-GRO COMPANY
The grass , a GM variety of Poa pratensis , is still in the early stages of development by Scotts Miracle-Gro , a lawn-care company based in Marysville , Ohio . The grass has been genetically altered to tolerate the herbicide glyphosate , which would make it easier to keep a lawn weed-free . On 1 July , secretary of agriculture Tom Vilsack wrote to the company to say that the variety `` is not subject '' to the same regulations that govern other GM crops . The decision allows Scotts to bypass the years of environmental testing and consultation typically required by the regulators for GM plants , although the company says there are no plans to market this particular variety .
The grass can evade control because the regulations for GM plants derive from the Federal Plant Pest Act , a decades-old law intended to safeguard against plant pathogens from overseas . Previous types of GM plants are covered because they they were made using plant pathogens . The bacterium Agrobacterium tumefaciens — which can cause tumours on plants — shuttled foreign genes into plant genomes . Developers then used genetic control elements derived from pathogenic plant viruses such as the cauliflower mosaic virus to switch on the genes .
By revealing similar elements in plants ' DNA , genome sequencing has liberated developers from having to borrow the viral sequences . And Agrobacterium is not essentially either ; foreign genes can be fired into plant cells on metal particles shot from a 'gene gun ' . Scotts took advantage of both techniques to construct the herbicide-resistant Kentucky bluegrass that put the USDA 's regulatory powers to the test .
`` The Plant Pest Act was completely inappropriate for regulating biotech crops , but the USDA jury-rigged it , '' says Bill Freese , science-policy analyst at the Center for Food Safety in Washington DC . `` Now we can foresee this loophole getting wider and wider as companies turn more to plants and away from bacteria and other plant-pest organisms . '' The USDA has not made public any plans to close the loophole and has also indicated that it will not broaden its definition of noxious weeds , a class of plants that falls under its regulatory purview , to facilitate the regulation of GM crops .
Nevertheless , Agrobacterium is still industry 's tool of choice for shuttling in foreign genes , says Johan Botterman , head of product research at Bayer BioScience in Ghent , Belgium . The technique is well established for many crops , and particle bombardment is less predictable , often yielding multiple , fragmented insertions of the new gene .
But Agrobacterium is n't suitable for some new techniques . Many companies are developing 'mini-chromosomes ' that can function in a plant cell without needing to be integrated into the plant 's genome . Last summer , agribusiness giant Syngenta , based in Basel , Switzerland , conducted the first field trials of maize ( corn ) containing engineered mini-chromosomes , and showed that the mini-chromosomes , which carried multiple genes for insect and herbicide resistance , were stable in the field . `` I would expect that by the end of the decade , this technology will be well used by many as a way to deliver large stacks of genes to plants , '' says Roger Kemble , head of technology scouting for Syngenta .
ADVERTISEMENT
Other techniques under development insert foreign genes into designated sites in the genome , unlike the near-random scattering generated by Agrobacterium . In 2009 , researchers at Dow AgroSciences in Indianapolis , Indiana , and Sangamo BioSciences in Richmond , California , announced that they had used enzymes called zinc-finger nucleases to insert a gene for herbicide resistance at a specific site in the maize genome ( V. K. Shukla et al . Nature 459 , 437-441 ; 2009 ) . Bayer is interested in harnessing other enzymes called 'meganucleases ' to do the same type of targeted engineering , a strategy that Botterman says may make it possible to introduce multiple new traits into existing GM crops .
Regulators need to adapt to these new techniques , or run the risk of over- or under-regulating GM plants , says Roger Beachy , a plant biologist at Washington University in St Louis , Missouri , and former head of the USDA 's National Institute for Food and Agriculture . The Kentucky bluegrass decision drives this point home , they say : `` It really speaks to the importance of reviewing the regulatory process periodically to ensure that it is keeping up with the advances in technology . ''
See Editorial page 265
Lolli : A Linear Logic Programming Language
Based on the web page by Josh Hodas , written 26 July 1995 . Recent updates by Dale Miller .
Table of Contents
Introduction
Lolli is a logic programming language based on a fragment of linear logic . As such it allows the programmer to exercise a significant degree of control over the pattern of use of certain program clauses ( or resources ) during proof search . The language was designed by Josh Hodas and Dale Miller and is described in the papers listed below .
Logic Programming in a Fragment of Intuitionistic Linear Logic , by Joshua S. Hodas and Dale Miller , Information and Computation , Vol . 110 , No . 2 , May 1 , 1994 , pp . 327-365 . ( DVI , Postscript ) .
Logic Programming in Intuitionistic Linear Logic : Theory , Design , and Implementation , by Joshua S. Hodas , Ph.D. Dissertation from University of Pennsylvania , Department of Computer and Information Science , May 1994 . Available as University of Pennsylvania Technical Reports MS-CIS-92-28 or LINC LAB 269 ( Postscript ) .
Lolli : An Extension of Prolog with Linear Logic Context Management , by Joshua S. Hodas , Proceedings of the 1992 Workshop on the Prolog Programming Language , Philadelphia , Summer 1992 . Dale Miller , ed . ( PDF ) .
See also : Overview of linear logic programming , by Dale Miller . Accepted as a chapter in the book Linear Logic in Computer Science , edited by Thomas Ehrhard , Jean-Yves Girard , Paul Ruet , and Phil Scott . Cambridge University Press . ( PostScript , DVI , PDF ) . An older survey article is also available .
Hodas has implemented a version of Lolli for version 0.93 of Standard ML of New Jersey and released it in 1992 . Version 0.701 of Lolli is available with the source code for the interpreter and examples of Lolli sources .
It seems that the most active implementation effort on Lolli now is being done on the language and compiler called LLP at Kobe University .
Motivations for the Development of Lolli
One way to understand Lolli is as a refinement of the logic of the language Prolog . The language Prolog extends the logic of horn clauses by allowing the use of implication not just in clauses , but also in goals . ( This is just one of several significant ways that Prolog extends Prolog . It also offers higher-order unification , arbitrarily scoped quantifiers , and types , to name just a few of its features . ) The meaning of the goal D G is based on the bottom-up reading of the standard rule for proving an implication formula in intuitionistic logic :
That is , the system should first load the clause D into the current program , and then try to prove the goal G using the augmented program .
There are two important differences between implication goals in Prolog and the use of assert in Prolog . First , whereas any logic variables contained in a clause added using assert are automatically closed with a universal quantifier , the variables in a clause added using an implication are not . So , the interpreter must be prepared to deal with live logic variables in the program . Second , regardless of whether the goal G suceeds or fails , the assumed clause is discharged as soon as the proof attempt is finished . Thus the assumption is scoped only over the subordinate goal .
While the use of intuitionistic implications to augment the goal language has been used to great success , two papers published in 1991 showed the limitations of this approach :
Representing Objects in a Logic Programming Language with Scoping Constructs , by Joshua S. Hodas and Dale Miller . Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Logic Programming , Jerusalem , June 1990 . David H. D. Warren and Peter Szeredi , eds . pp . 511-526 M.I.T . Press .
Extending Definite Clause Grammars with Scoping Constructs , by Remo Pareschi and Dale Miller . Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Logic Programming , Jerusalem , June 1990 . David H. D. Warren and Peter Szeredi , eds . pp . 373-389 . M.I.T . Press . ( DVI , Postscript ) .
Related Systems
Prolog is , as described above , the parent of Lolli . It is based on the logic of Higher-Order Hereditary Harrop Formulas , a fragment of ordinary ( that is , not Linear ) Intuitionistic logic . It extends Prolog in two directions . The term language is extended to allow arbitrary -terms with full higher-order unification . The formula language is extended to allow use of arbitrarily nested universal quantifiers and implications . The use of the latter is described above . Prolog was proposed and developed by Dale Miller and Gopalan Nadathur . In order to determine whether a logic more expressive than Horn clauses ( the logic of Prolog ) could still be seen as the foundation of a logic programming language , Miller and Nadathur carefully analyzed the notion of goal-directedness and made the following definition . A proof is goal directed ( or , in their words , uniform ) if whenever a sequent has a non-atomic formula as its right hand side ( that is , as the goal ) then the rule used at that point is the one to decompose the goal . Logic programming , as distinct from theorem proving , can be seen as the search for uniform proofs . A logic is appropriate as a foundation of a logic programming language if uniform proofs are complete for that logic . This idea , in one form or another , underlies the design of all of the languages mentioned here .
Lolli for Alice is an implementation of Lolli in the functional programming language Alice that has been used at the University of Edinburgh for Dialogue Planning .
Forum is an extension to Lolli . Unlike Lolli , and Prolog , however , it is based on the multiple-conclusion ( classical ) system rather than the intuitionistic one . Since there can be multiple goals active at once , it is natural to think of Forum as representing a parallel computation , rather than simply a sequential one . The design of Forum required extending the notion of Uniform Proof to the multiple-conclusion setting . Miller made the natural choice , saying that a multiple-conclusion proof is uniform if , when there is a non-atomic goal on the right hand side , the last rule acts to decompose one such goal . Further , for uniform proofs to be said to be complete , it must be that any of the non-atomic goals could be decomposed at that point . While Miller was guided by the notion of uniform proof in their design of Forum , they were not designing a programming language . As such , goal directed proofs ( as defined by uniformity ) only go so far . In particular , the language allows one to provide a `` program '' clause that has the operator ( one of Linear Logic 's two falsehoods ) as its head . Such a clause can be used to backchain for any atomic goal . This will inevitably lead to endless loops in any depth-first implementation . At present Miller , Hodas , and Jeff Polakow are analyzing Forum to identify the fragment that makes sense as a logic programming language . A preliminary implementation will be available shortly .
LO were the earliest proposals for a Linear Logic based logic programming logic . Like Forum it is based on a multiple-conclusion fragment of Linear Logic , and its design was motivated by the desire to implement a parallel , object-oriented language . The fragment of Linear Logic used is quite small . It essentially extends Horn clauses by allowing the heads of clauses to be formed not just of atoms , but of multisets of atoms joined by the par operator . Thus LO execution can be seen as largely multi-set rewriting . Linlog extends LO by adding several additional operators . In fact , like Forum , the fragment is complete for Linera Logic . It 's operational flavor is determinde by a notion of goal-directed proofs called Focusing Proofs which are closely related to Uniform Proofs . LO and LinLog were proposed and developed by Jean-Marc Andreoli and Remo Pareschi .
Lygon is a Linear Logic programming language based on a fragment of multiple-conclusion ( classical ) linear logic . Like the other languages described here the logic fragment that underlies the language was chosen based on the requirement that uniform proofs ( goal directed proofs ) be complete for that fragment . However , the definition of uniform proof chosen differs from that used in the design of Forum . In particular , whereas Forum requires that a sequent be provable only if any non-atomic formula on the right hand side can be selected for decomposition , Lygon requires only that some such formula be selectable . Lygon was first proposed by James Harland and David Pym .
An Annotated Bibliography
TJX Companies , the mammoth US retailer whose substandard security led to the world 's biggest credit card heist , has fired an employee after they left posts in an online forum that made disturbing claims about security practices at the store where they worked .
Security was so lax at the TJ Maxx outlet located in Lawrence , Kansas , that employees were able to log onto company servers using blank passwords , the fired employee , Nick Benson , told The Register . This policy was in effect as recently as May 8 , more than 18 months after company officials learned a massive network breach had leaked the details of more than 94 million customer credit cards . Benson said they were fired on Wednesday after managers said they disclosed confidential company information online .
Other security issues included a store server that was running in administrator mode , making it far more susceptible to attackers . They said they brought the security issues to the attention of a district loss prevention manager name Allen in late 2006 , and repeatedly discussed them with store managers . Except for a stretch when IT managers temporarily tightened password policies , the problems went unfixed .
`` I was basically hitting a glass wall , '' said Benson , a 23-year-old first-year student at the University of Kansas who worked at TJ Maxx beginning in October 2005 . `` Not one single thing was done . My store manager even posted the password and username on a post-it note . I told them not to do that . ''
So last August , Benson took to Sla.ckers.org , a website dedicated to web application security , and began anonymously reporting the shoddy practices in this user forum . Over the next nine months , they left eight posts in which they chafed at the password policy and what they should do about it .
`` I am not sure if this is just an isolated incident within this specific store , but it goes to show that you ca n't trust a company to protect your information , especially TJX , '' Benson wrote under the moniker CrYpTiC_MauleR . `` Today was a very sad day for me =o ( ``
A TJX spokesperson declined to comment for this story and turned down our request to discuss the company 's policies for passwords and other security matters .
Benson 's May 8 posting was prompted by news that managers had changed the password for employees to access the store server . Inexplicably , it was set to blank . When Benson first began working for TJX , their password was the same as their user name , they said . Then came word in January 2007 that unknown hackers had brazenly intruded on the company 's network over a 17-month period . For a time following the disclosure , TJX employees were required to use relatively strong passwords . The change to a blank password clearly represented a step backward , Benson thought .
The posts eventually caught up to Benson . On Wednesday , while marking down items on the TJ Maxx retail floor , they were summoned to the store office . Inside , a regional loss prevention manager told them their critiques had come to the attention of the company hired to monitor internet postings about the retailing giant . The manager told Benson they were being fired for disclosing confidential company information .
No one at Sla.ckers.org was willing to defend TJX or the shoddy security practices it is accused of following , but some have questioned Benson 's decision to speak so openly .
`` I would assume your disclosure of your company 's inner server workings on the internet means that they ca n't trust employees to protect their information ? '' one forum participant wrote in a response to Benson 's posts .
But critiques like that seem to overreach . Benson 's disclosures were n't specific enough to give attackers information needed to successfully breach TJX 's networks . And when you consider the right of TJX 's customers and employees to know that their data may be at risk , it 's not unreasonable to call them a whistleblower .
The account has us wondering if other TJX employees have tales similar to Benson 's . If so , please contact your reporter using this link . ( Anonymity assured . )
For Benson 's part , they have no regrets . `` They 're telling the public they 're PCI compliant , '' they said , referring to so-called payment card industry security rules governing businesses that accept credit and debit cards . `` That I think is unethical . ''
But they say their actions were also fueled by a healthy dose of self-interest .
`` My information is still on that server , '' they continued , referring to the machine that sits in an office at the TJ Maxx where they once worked . `` So if their network is insecure , then my information is insecure . I 'd prefer they get it fixed . '' ®
FreedomPop , a cellular hotspot company that lures customers with free , entry-level data packages , is getting into the smartphone business .
The company announced today that it 's launching a mobile phone service in which the entry-level package costs nothing and includes 500MB of data , 500 text messages , and 200 anytime voice minutes . Anything beyond that requires payment of usage fees . The company is calling this first offering a `` beta '' and will take signups at FreedomPop.com/phone .
At first , the free plans will only be available for the HTC Evo Design , a two-year-old phone running Android 2.3 . FreedomPop is selling refurbished versions of the device for $ 99 . That might entice some people who still use non-smartphones , but to really compete in the smartphone market , FreedomPop will need a broader lineup .
`` A year from now I 'd expect us to have at least six or seven of the most popular handsets in the market available but with a free plan , '' FreedomPop CEO Stephen Stokols told Ars . `` We 're not tied to one handset because you ca n't disrupt with one handset . Our objective is basically to look like any carrier , the difference being our plan is free ; you can get a free plan . ''
They also said FreedomPop plans to upgrade the Evo to Android 4.0 sometime after launch . ( UPDATE : The upgrade happened sooner than expected . FreedomPop now says , `` All of our phones are shipping with Android 4.0.3 . '' )
FreedomPop 's service rides on the Sprint network—which is rather slow , according to several Ars commenters .
Besides selling phones itself , FreedomPop will eventually allow customers to bring their own phones and get a free plan . `` Any phone attached to the Sprint network '' will work , a company spokesperson told Ars . While the Evo Design uses CDMA and WiMAX , FreedomPop plans to support LTE devices as well . No timelines for those upgrades have been announced .
FreedomPop will make money by selling fee-based plans to those who want more than what the free usage tier offers . $ 10.99 per month will provide unlimited voice and texting with the same 500MB data cap . $ 7.99 per month will provide 500 minutes , unlimited texts , unlimited FreedomPop to FreedomPop calling , and 500MB of data .
Customers will be charged one cent for each megabyte of data they use past 500 . That works out to $ 10 per gigabyte .
FreedomPop voice calling will happen entirely with Voice over IP ( VoIP ) to save the company money , Stokols said . The company 's version of the Evo Design has been optimized so that the native dialer can be used for FreedomPop voice calls , even though they 're being routed through the Sprint data network instead of the voice network , they said .
Stokols hopes to make some extra revenue on voice calling and future updates that add conference calling or video calls for a fee .
The phone launch comes one year after the company started its hotspot business . It 's been rocky at times , Stokols acknowledged . They pointed to early complaints about devices not dropping back to 3G when 4G was n't available and device orders being delayed .
`` There were a shitload of operational issues that we just had to learn the hard way , '' they said . The phone launch is more difficult than a hotspot , obviously , but they said FreedomPop is being far more methodical in its rollout this time around . Customer support has been tripled in the past two months to make sure FreedomPop can respond to customer complaints the day they come in , they said .
`` We know the phone is going to have 10 times the complexity of a hotspot , '' Stokols said .
This season Rodgers remarked that they had limited time to coach the team on the training ground due to more games . This should have been an invitation for FSG to step in and implement an idea they wanted all along : a Director of Football .
This would n't take any credibility away from Rodgers . If anything it showed that the owners not only backed them but valued their opinion and coaching ability . So they 'd be taking some responsibilities off of them in the hope of maximising their time on the training field . Win-win for both Rodgers and FSG .
Why this has n't happened yet is beyond me .
If you get chance listen to the AnfieldIndex Global Podcast , the guys on that talk about the structure in place at Swansea and how when Rodgers was appointed they agreed to fit in with what was asked , however when approached about the Liverpool job they would n't agree to their suggestions . It 's almost as though Rodgers saw Liverpool as a blank canvas and a way for them to really build something here , or at least build up their reputation .
I 'll quickly summarise what was said on that pod with regards to Swansea . When Rodgers was appointed they were instructed what type of football they played and they are n't allowed a mass turnaround of staff as they were to work with what was there already . So from their time at Swansea you can see Rodgers works well with structure but not only this , continuity at Swansea is key to their success .
Continuity at Liverpool
This is something that 's lacking at the club and a good start would be a DOF . No this is n't just a man that buys and sells players , they practically influence and implements the ideas of how the club aspires to be .
This would n't be a move to undermine Brendan Rodgers , but one to safeguard the future of the club .
In modern day football a manager does n't stay to build a dynasty . That job is down to the Director of Football . For sustained success you need continuity at the top . That 's what European sides have done for many years .
The Case Study
I 've decided to look at clubs who can be classed in the same category as Liverpool and looked at how continuity from the top has helped them rebuild and better themselves .
Fabio Paratici – Juventus since 2010 . You may argue Juventus is a class above Liverpool , but are they ? No European success for many years , they rarely spend huge amounts on players or wages but they 're able to convince some of the best players to play for them ? This is the club that got Vidal for £10 million , Carlos Tevez for £10 million , Paul Pogba on a free and potentially Sami Khedira on a free . He 's the guy that convinced Alvaro Morata that Juventus was the team to help them progress as a player . No doubt he 'll be the guy that gets a record transfer fee for Paul Pogba when he 's sold . They 've also got the youth market sewn up in Italy with the likes of Daniele Rugani and Domenico Berardi on their books .
Franco Baldini – Spurs since 2012 . It 's rumoured that Andre Villas Boas actively wanted a DOF because they knew the experience was needed . It was Baldini who assisted with looking for a replacement in summer 2014 , a manager who could fit in with what was already in place . Baldini is responsible for Spurs selling Bale , Huddlestone , Livermore and Caulker for more than they were worth . They and their scouting network ( yes they have their own and do n't just steal our targets ) helped identify Paulinho , Chadli , Chiriches , Eriksen and Lamela . Not only did they identify them they beat other clubs to their signatures , thus asserting their authority over other clubs even with lesser funds and no Champions League .
Walter Sabatini – AS Roma . Appointed in 2011 , Sabatini has overseen a rebuild at Roma . They removed the underperforming but high earning players and replaced them with young/unappreciated players . Similar to what FSG want to do at Liverpool . This transition at Roma saw them sign the likes of Erik Lamela , Marquinhos , Mehdi Benatia and sell them all for huge profits . All whilst reinvesting the money on players like Kevin Strootman , Gervinho , Radja Nainggolan , Adem Llajic and more impressively , Juan Iturbe when it looked certain Juventus had signed him .
Michael Zorc – Dortmund since 1998 . The ex-BVB midfielder has been at the club their entire life . They are the one constant that 's been there through the bad times and the recently good times . He 's oversaw 3 league winning sides and various other final appearances . They had an idea of how they wanted BVB to play and approached Klopp despite the fact they were fairly inexperienced . With the mix of home grown youth , Sahin and Goetze , and clever buys ; Kuba , Lewandowski , Gundogan and Reus , Klopp was able to coach this side to great success . Even with Klopp moving on this summer they 're still in a great position with Thomas Tuchel coming in to replace them and use what Zorc has for him .
Monchi – Sevilla since 2000 . Hardly the best run club but Monchi has kept them ticking over for the past 15 years . He 's won 4 Uefa Cups . Back to back on two occasions and this was when teams were signing their best players . They implemented a scouting network like no other and concentrated on the youth of Sevilla for great success . The likes of Jose Reyes , Alberto Moreno , Diego Capel , Jesus Navas and Sergio Ramos sold for big money . They also unearthed , and sold , the likes of Dani Alves , Julio Baptista , Federico Fazio , Ivan Rakitic and Geoffrey Kondogbia for massive profits . Sevilla lose players and managers regularly and never fall off a cliff . Premier League clubs lose ‘ one-star player ' and a poor season is excused .
A Director of Football helps shape the club . As Andre Villas Boas said “ someone who has experience of dressing rooms , represents the club , and is able to link up with players and agents ” . Not only this but they set up a youth system and a scouting system which means if a manager is to leave there is no upheaval . Everything is still in place and a new manager comes in who fits into this set up . A DOF gets you value for money in terms of buying and selling . They understand an academy is n't just to supplement the first team but also player sales too . They may not be good enough for Liverpool but they may be good enough for other teams . We seemingly let players leave on a free .
A DOF would give Liverpool some much-needed stability and foundations to build on . I 'm sure if Rodgers wanted to build a legacy it 'd be done beside a DOF , their work could be carried on by managers after them much like it was at Swansea .
Poland will hold parliamentary elections to its lower house , the Sejm , and its senate on 25 October , in what could be the most significant election outcome in a generation . Voting will have repercussions across Europe , from determining the country 's position on the refugee crisis , to a potential economic shift , as polls suggest the ruling party that saw Poland avoid the Euro crisis could lose power .
Post-communist Poland has never seen a single party command a legislative majority , which has meant rules under coalition governments as well as periods of minority rule . The previous elections in 2011 resulted in a coalition between the Civic Platform party and the Polish People 's Movement . All seats of both houses are up for re-election on Sunday 25 October .
Ahead of the elections , here is a brief guide to the candidates and their political parties .
Ewa Kopacz , Civic Platform
Kopacz succeeded Donald Tusk as prime minister in 2014 , when they resigned to become president of the European Council . They are Poland 's second female prime minister , after Hanna Suchocka , who held the position between 1992 and 1993 . The centre-right Civic Platform has been the main governing party since 2007 and in the 2011 parliamentary elections , Kopacz took 39.2 % of the votes with 207 seats .
The party represents pro-market elements in the government and compared to Law and Justice , which is currently frontrunner in the polls , Civic Platform tends to be more socially and economically liberal and less nationalistic . However , the party is opposed to abortion and same-sex marriage . In 2009 , Civic Platform approved a law making chemical castration mandatory for paedophiles in some cases , sparking criticism from human rights groups .
Beata Szydło , Law And Justice
Szydło was elected as a member of the Sejm in September 2005 . Opinion polls suggest the right-wing Law And Justice party will take over Civic Platform as the largest formation in the new parliament . The May presidential elections saw Andrzej Duda defeat incumbent Bronisław Komorowski , who was backed by Civic Platform . Since then , Law And Justice has maintained a lead over the ruling party .
The party is a member of the Alliance Of European Conservatives And Reformists , a European group that the British Conservatives also belong to . It was created in 2009 to campaign for the reform of the EU and is currently the third largest group in the European Parliament .
Barbara Nowacka , United Left
Nowacka is the leader of the electoral coalition United Left . They are the daughter of the former deputy prime minister Izabela Jaruga Nowacka , who died in the crash of the Polish Tu-154 aircraft in 2010 near Smolensk , Russia . The alliance of parties was formed in July by the Democratic Left Alliance , Your Movement , Polish Socialist Party , Labour United and the Greens , in part to contest the poor performance of the centre-left in the May election .
Key manifesto pledges include raising the minimum monthly wage to PLN 2,500 ( £424 ) , increasing pensions , cutting income tax for low-earners and lowering the retirement age , which was recently raised to 67 . The coalition has spoken out in support of taking in refugees , a divisive issue in Poland . Nowacka also backs abortion and a more limited role for the powerful Catholic Church .
Janusz Piechociński , Polish People 's Party
Leader of the agrarian Polish People 's Party Janusz Piechociński has been the deputy prime minister of Poland since December 2012 . In November 2012 , they were declared the president of the party . The Polish People 's Party was the junior party in the coalition with Civic Platform . The party − along with Civic Platform − are members of the European People 's Party , the largest party in the European Parliament .
Janusz Korwin-Mikke , Coalition For The Renewal Of The Republic – Freedom And Hope
Janusz Korwin-Mikke is the founder of the eurosceptic Coalition For The Renewal Of The Republic – Freedom And Hope party . They are a conservative liberal commentator in Polish politics and currently the chairperson of the party , and also holds the position as an MEP .
They have spoken out against the EU and women 's suffrage and has defended Russia 's annexation of Crimea . Korwin-Mikke also recently described migrants as `` human trash '' in the European Parliament .
Paweł Kukiz , Kukiz'15
A former rock star , Pawel Kukiz came in third in May 's presidential elections , taking more than a fifth of the vote . Their popularity has appeared to have waned since , according to polls . The anti-establishment party campaigned for electoral reform . Prior to their political career , they sang in a band called Piersi or Breasts .
Adrian Zandberg , Together
The Together ( Razem ) party , not to be confused with Poland Together , formed in May 2015 and advocates labour rights and opposes deregulation . A social democratic party , it advocates gender equality , sex education and LGBT rights . Although polls suggest the party is unlikely to get into parliament , Adrian Zandberg was a surprise hit at a recent pre-election debate , prompting Polish media to re-examine the 36-year-old leader and raising the Razem 's profile from relative obscurity .
Ryszard Petru , Modern
Modern is an economically and socially liberal party founded in May 2015 by Ryszard Petru , who worked as an economist for the World Bank , Price Waterhouse Coopers and several Polish banks . Petru also heads the Polish Association of Economists .
The launch of Justin Trudeau 's campaign to prove they are more than a pretty face and a famous name suggests they may indeed have the right stuff to win the leadership of the Liberal party .
Whether they have what it will take to win the next election is an entirely different issue .
Their campaign kickoff in Montreal was well choreographed , nicely scripted , and decidedly nothing close to an outbreak of Trudeaumania Jr .
In a clever move intended to show they are their own man , Trudeau never mentioned their famous father or mother , and the backdrop signage in the room was all about `` Justin . ''
Canadians tuning into the speech to hear where Trudeau stands on pressing issues of the day learned that they `` absolutely loves Canada ; '' the nation needs a foreign policy `` that can bring us hope ; '' and that the economic future of the country lies with the middle class .
No matter . They said it all with apparent conviction , and most importantly for a political launch party , they made no grievous mistakes .
Confronting the inconvenient truth that they have n't said much of substance on most major policy issues , Trudeau offered that they are not presenting themselves `` as a man with all the answers . ''
One of the questions they have yet to answer is how , exactly , a Trudeau-led Liberal party would win the next election .
The Conservatives have won the past two elections by asking voters whom they would trust to have a steady hand on the tiller through potentially dangerous economic seas .
The Liberals under Justin Trudeau would likely compete for votes against Tom Mulcair and the NDP , Greg Weston writes . ( Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press )
On that score , voters have been thoroughly underwhelmed by both of the last two Liberal leaders , Stéphane Dion and Michael Ignatieff .
Interim Liberal leader Bob Rae likely is n't running for the permanent job in large part because they could n't shake a lot of negative economic baggage they picked up as Ontario premier more than 25 years ago .
That is not to say the strongest economic credentials necessarily make for the strongest leadership — witness Paul Martin and John Turner .
But so far , Justin Trudeau has yet to make a convincing case they would be either a strong leader or a steady hand on the economy .
Rebuilding the Liberal Party
If Trudeau 's campaign speech made anything clear , it is that they are coming from the deep left of the Liberal party .
As Liberal leader , that would put them and their party competing for the same turf as Tom Mulcair and the New Democrats , a potential vote-split that could elect mostly Conservatives .
Truth is , a lot of Liberals who saw their party decimated in the past two elections are n't expecting Trudeau — or any other leadership candidate currently on the horizon — to lead the party to sweeping victory the next time out at the polls .
They would settle for someone who can best help rebuild the party , inspire the base back into action , save the furniture in the next election , and set up the Liberals for a possible return to power in some future campaign .
For that , Trudeau may just be their guy .
Whoever wins the leadership will be condemned to a gruelling life on the rubber-chicken circuit for at least two years , coaxing wayward Liberals back to the fold and recruiting a new generation to the cause .
Trudeau is a youthful 40 , energetic and in top physical shape — witness their boxing prowess .
The combination of their famous name and charisma have a certain crowd appeal that can fill a banquet hall with partisans like none of the others likely to run for the leadership .
The new Liberal leader is going to have to raise a huge amount of money as the party gets hit with a double punch in the pocketbook .
The leadership race is sure to suck a lot of cash from Liberal pockets , at the same time as the Harper government is turning off the tap of public financing to all political parties .
Trudeau has the power of social media at their back — at last count , they have over 150,000 followers on Twitter alone .
Finally , one of the nicest guys in federal politics , Trudeau seems to have much of the national media eating out of their hand .
Some Liberal strategists are calling Trudeau 's candidacy for the leadership the party 's Hail Mary play , a potentially game-winning football pass that has little chance of completion .
Whatever the final outcome , Trudeau is off to a running start .
Disquiet and disaffection , like a fast-moving swarm of sticky locusts , are spreading through the drought fields of democracy . Look around , beyond the borders in which you 're living . Public disenchantment with politicians and official “ politics ” is on the rise everywhere , stirred up by factional infighting and mischief-making populists .
Ask the citizens of Greece , or Hungary or Ireland what they think about democracy : a clear majority say that it 's a fine ideal that now feels corrupted and practically broken . Significant minorities of citizens in democracies otherwise as different as Spain and Chile , Italy , Japan and India , say much the same thing .
Some so-called democracies , Israel and Ukraine among them , are breeding active disillusionment with democratic ideals . And in the United States , a 2010 poll conducted by Opinion Dynamics for Fox News found that nearly two-thirds of Americans ( 62 % with a sampling error margin of plus or minus 3 percentage points ) think that their own imperial democracy is in decline . The figures have n't since changed . And now these same citizens ask : has democracy come to Iraq , or to Afghanistan ? Will it come to Syria ?
Answers to such questions seem redundant . Little wonder that the doubters of democracy are feeling encouraged . “ The marriage between democracy and capitalism is over ” , says Slavoj Žižek , the self-styled Lenin of our age . “ Democracy equals monetary abstraction equals an organised death wish ” , writes their French philosopher friend Alain Badiou . “ The West has become very conceited ” , says Fu Ying , China 's Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs . “ At the end of the day , democracy alone can not put food on the table . That 's the reality . ”
Sensing that political tides are flowing in their favour , they and other critics play up the crumbling social foundations of democracy . Here they have a point . Among the prime political lessons of the great Atlantic stagnation caused by a burst banking bubble is the deep structural dependence of democratic ways of handling power upon markets . Market failures have bred democracy failures , with painful social consequences . Hourglass-shaped societies are taking shape . Gini coefficients and wealth inequalities are widening .
In more than a few democracies , the rich are now hyper-rich . Middle class anxieties are spreading ; a new precarious class of semi-employed or permanently unemployed people has been born ; xenophobia and nationalism are on the rise ; and with jobless figures high and rising among young people ( 30 % in Italy , 50 % in Spain , 5.5 million in the EU alone ) many young citizens feel excluded from the democratic game .
Who can blame them ? Young citizens look around and see few intelligent political leaders who speak their language , represent their interests and are able to change things . Obama stands for broken promises . For them , electoral democracy is phantom democracy . It resembles a game played by rich and powerful men . Political parties are unattractive . Politicians breed nausea .
Parliaments are , well , worse than talk shops . Especially worrying , many young people say , is the present-day dramatic jump in the use of executive powers . In a whole range of matters , from drones and nuclear weapons to imposed fiscal austerity and environmental protection , decisions of basic importance to the lives of millions of people are being decided ( or blocked ) arbitrarily , often behind closed doors in remote cross-border settings .
It 's possible that the complaints of the young generation are early warning signals , sirens announcing worse things to come . Nobody knows , but the parallels with the great crisis that brought democracy to its knees during the 1920s and 1930s seem palpable .
It 's true that web-based public scrutiny of power is flourishing ; that the universal franchise is widely thought to be a settled issue ; and , at least on paper , that there are record numbers of “ free and fair ” electoral democracies ( at least 25 according to the Economist Intelligence Unit , double the number since 1945 ) . And , yes , Mussolini , Hitler , Stalin and Hirohito are conspicuous by their absence ; instead there are quiet figures , Mario Monti , Angela Merkel and Yoshihiko Noda among them .
The differences must be borne in mind . Yet the fact is that we are living in times when parliamentary democracy is suffering arteriosclerosis . Big money disproportionately wins votes . Surrounded by lobbyists , legislative committees outsource vital political decisions , politicians are consequently mistrusted and parliamentary mechanisms often seem toothless . The rhythms of representative government are out of whack with environmental catastrophes such as Bhopal , Deepwater Horizon and Fukushima . Parliamentary democracy seems unhinged , reactive , dragged down by its inability to address large domestic and cross-border issues…and effectively to solve them , fairly and squarely .
It 's these trends that demand unorthodox political thinking , a new sense of urgency about democracy 's strengths and weaknesses , its past , present and future global fortunes . We must try to jump over our own shadows , set aside givens , make room for new challenges , such as whether and how the right of democratic representation can be extended to our biosphere , or examining whether the Asia and Pacific region holds the keys to the future of democracy , or whether new justifications of its superiority can go beyond the Winston Churchill cliché that it 's the least bad form of government . But fresh democratic thinking , new democratic imaginaries as the political philosophers say , require different methods of saying things , of articulating what can not easily be said , of exposing silences and taken-for-granted presumptions .
The professional journal article , littered with political science jargon published a year after submission and acceptance by anonymous peer readers , then studied by a few handfuls of the same , is n't right for capturing the moment . Books and chapters in books still have their place , but their publication lead time means they risk obsolescence at the hands of fast-moving novelties . Random op-ed pieces come and go , but are readily forgotten . So what 's required is something that 's both more immediate and more durable : fresh ways of writing , perhaps mixed with other media , vivid ways of capturing heterodox ideas , the long-term significance of events , the immediacy of characters , setbacks , political scandals , breakdowns and breakthroughs .
Notebooks are a medium for doing these things . Not to be confused with the tear-jerker film by that title , or with wafer-thin laptops , they 're a democratic form of writing . Made up of broken and interrupted fragments , they refuse cock-sure certainty . They grip the ground but do n't suppose they own it . Notebooks refuse to indulge the bad habits of traditional intellectuals and politicians proud of their ability to defend and advance large abstractions . Notebooks expose perplexities . They pose question marks . Wherever possible , they add semi-colons , blanks and margin notes to the grandiose bluff and bluster of democracy apologists like Samuel Huntington Jr. and Francis Fukuyama , or anti-democracy ideologists such as Alain Badiou and Slavoj Žižek .
Modesty is the most striking quality of notebooks . They keep conversations going . As Tocqueville first showed during their jottings from the United States in the early 1830s , democracy notebooks capture particulars . They strive for accuracy , but they make no pretence to “ truth ” . They have a strong sense of the contingency of things and in this respect they express one of the most important unique features of democracy as a lived political form : the way it calls on citizens and their representatives to live openly as equals with the stresses and strains of political uncertainty .
Jottings on democracy word-pressed into web-based notebooks , written for unknown readers in unknown lands : not a straightforward task , as you 'll see during the coming days , weeks and months . It 's a testing strange art with few guidelines , but two standing examples spring to mind . One of them is Arundhati Roy 's Listening to Grasshoppers : Field Notes on Democracy ( 2009 ) .The famous Indian novelist and Booker prize-winning political activist and citizen of the world asks a string of disturbing questions : is there life after democracy ? What happens once democracy has been hollowed out and emptied of meaning , when its institutions have metastasized into something useless , or dangerous ? What happens now that democracy and the free market have fused into a single predatory organism with a thin , constricted imagination that revolves almost entirely around the idea of maximizing profit ? Is it possible to reverse this process ? Can something that has mutated go back to being what it used to be ?
Roy says that what we need today , for the sake of the survival of this planet , is long-term vision . They ask : can governments whose very survival depends on immediate , extractive , short-term gain provide this ? Could it be that democracy , the sacred answer to our short-term hopes and prayers , the protector of our individual freedoms and nurturer of our avaricious dreams , will turn out to be the endgame for the human race ?
For my taste , Roy 's field notes suffer from carping self-importance . Short on irony , they leave out all the remarkable rough-and-tumble counter-trends of India 's “ banyan democracy ” . Dialectics is not among their favourite words . Thorns never come with roses . That 's to say their jottings are one-eyed and one-sided ; untrue to their own modest literary form , they capture certain troubling trends in Indian democracy ( the military occupation of Kashmir and the Naxalite uprising , for instance ) but not significant others , such as the freedom of the powerless publicly to organise trade unions , or to protest and vote against big-time corruption .
Roy 's account of the prevailing “ working model ” at the global level , “ Western liberal democracy ” , rests on similar misrepresentations . Them jottings amount to a “ feral howl ” . They 're their chosen words and they squarely depend throughout upon a vague but never-defined vision of “ genuine democracy ” . Are they nostalgic for Gandhi 's vision of self-governing village republics ? Or is they perhaps a fan of Greek assembly democracy ? They do n't say .
The ambiguity brings me to H.L . Mencken 's Notes on Democracy . It 's different fare . Published in 1926 and written by the American writer who 's today called the Sage of Baltimore , Mencken 's notes denounce democracy as an organised form of political ignorance . Prone to rigidity , they read like Nietzsche against the New Deal , and ( less stridently ) against fascism . With democracies such as Italy , Poland and the Weimar Republic tottering on the edge of self-extinction , or democide , Mencken 's notes were determined to give the whole idea of democracy a push , over the cliff , into the abyss .
If Roy is tediously un-ironic , Mencken was savagely sarcastic . Heaping scorn on representative democracy from every angle , there 's never a dull note . Anecdotal , witty and irreverent , democracy is “ incomparably idiotic ” , an ill-conceived and unworkable system in which inferior men dominate their superiors . Democracy is the beatification of mediocrity . It unleashes ignorant mob rule by demagogues . Elections resemble vast geysers of hormones . “ Government under democracy is thus government by orgy , almost by orgasm ” .
You get the picture . Faced with a choice between Arundhati Roy and H.L . Mencken , both of them hanging judges issuing warped verdicts on the false ambitions and hypocrisies of democracy , it 's time to progress . Join me in the field notebook adventure . But remember : there are no known maps , timetabled destinations or guaranteed safe passages .
Risk level ( s ) Risk level ( s ) Germany - Take normal security precautions Take normal security precautions in Germany .
Safety and security Safety and security Crime Violent crime is rare , but does occur . Numerous incidents of muggings and sexual assaults have occurred during large gatherings in Cologne and other German cities , most notably on December 31 , 2015 . Exercise normal security precautions and be particularly vigilant if attending events drawing large crowds . Petty crime ( pickpocketing and purse snatching ) occurs in major cities and train stations , airports and Christmas markets . Pickpockets often work in teams and target people on trains and at railway stations and airports . Their methods include distracting a victim who is boarding or exiting a train or surrounding a victim in line-ups or at check-in counters . Individuals have been harassed or attacked for reasons of race or foreign-looking appearance . Ensure that personal belongings , including passports and other travel documents , are secure at all times . Arson attacks on parked vehicles have occurred . Terrorism There is a threat of terrorism in Europe . Terrorists have carried out attacks in several European cities . In Germany , previous incidents have resulted in injury and death . They include random violent assaults in public areas and a truck driven into crowds at a Christmas market in Berlin . Further attacks in Europe are likely . Targets could include : government buildings , including schools
places of worship
airports and other transportation hubs and networks
public areas such as tourist attractions , restaurants , bars , coffee shops , shopping centres , markets , hotels and other sites frequented by foreigners Always be aware of your surroundings when in public places . Be particularly vigilant if attending sporting events and during religious holidays and other public celebrations , as terrorists have used such occasions to mount attacks . The Government of Germany maintains a public alert system on terrorism . Alert level changes are communicated through local media . More information about public security - Germany 's Federal Ministry of the Interior , Building and Community Demonstrations Demonstrations may occur . Even peaceful demonstrations can turn violent at any time . They can also lead to disruptions to traffic and public transportation . Avoid areas where demonstrations and large gatherings are taking place
Follow the instructions of local authorities
Monitor local media for information on ongoing demonstrations More about mass gatherings ( large-scale events ) Road safety Roads and public transportation are excellent . Bicycles are numerous throughout the country and often have dedicated pathways between sidewalks and roadways . You should exercise caution when crossing these paths , as bicycles have right of way . Dial 110 in the event of a traffic accident . Air travel We do not make assessments on the compliance of foreign domestic airlines with international safety standards . General information about foreign domestic airlines Migrants and refugees There has been a significant increase in the number of migrants and refugees entering Europe . Some countries have already experienced disruptions to transportation services , including at ferry ports and railway stations , and have seen major delays at border crossings . The situation also heightens the potential for demonstrations that could turn violent without warning , particularly at railway stations and other transportation hubs . If you are travelling in the region , monitor local news and follow the advice of local authorities , and contact your transport carrier to determine whether the situation could disrupt your travel .
Entry/exit requirements Entry/exit requirements Every country or territory decides who can enter or exit through its borders . The Government of Canada can not intervene on your behalf if you do not meet your destination 's entry or exit requirements . We have obtained the information on this page from the German authorities . It can , however , change at any time . Verify this information with foreign diplomatic missions and consulates in Canada . Latest information on German immigration law and regulations - German Federal ministry of interior . Schengen area Canadian citizens do not need a visa for travel to countries within the Schengen area . However , visa-free travel only applies to stays of up to 90 days in any 180-day period . Stays are cumulative and include visits to any Schengen area country . If you plan to stay in the Schengen area for a longer period of time , you will need a visa . You must contact the high commission or embassy of the country or countries you are travelling to and obtain the appropriate visa ( s ) prior to travel . General information about the Schengen area
Foreign diplomatic missions and consulates in Canada Passport Entry requirements vary depending on the type of passport you use for travel . Before you travel , check with your transportation company about passport requirements . Its rules on passport validity may be more stringent than the country 's entry rules . Regular Canadian passport Your passport must be valid for at least 3 months beyond the date you expect to leave the Schengen area . Passport for official travel Different entry rules may apply . Official travel Other travel documents Different entry rules may apply when travelling with a temporary passport or an emergency travel document . Before you leave , check with the closest diplomatic mission for your destination . Useful links Foreign diplomatic missions and consulates in Canada
Canadian passports Temporary border controls The German government has reintroduced internal border controls at certain border crossings . Canadians may be required to pass through immigration controls when entering Germany , even if arriving from another Schengen area country . Visas Tourist visa : Not required for stays up to 90 days Business visa : Not required for stays up to 90 days Student visa : Required The extension of tourist visits longer than 90 days is not possible . You must apply for a residence permit and provide a valid reason . If you must stay beyond the 90-day limit unexpectedly ( for example , due to illness ) , contact the Foreigners Registration Office ( Ausländerbehörde ) in the district in which you are staying for information on how to legalize your extended stay . Registration If you intend to reside in Germany for three months or more , you must register with the German authorities ( Einwohnermeldeamt ) within seven days of your entry into the country . Children and travel Learn about travel with children . Yellow fever Learn about potential entry requirements related to yellow fever ( vaccines section ) .
Laws and culture Laws & culture You must abide by local laws . Learn about what you should do and how we can help if you are arrested or detained abroad . Canada and Germany are signatories to the Convention on the Transfer of Sentenced Persons . This enables a Canadian imprisoned in Germany to request a transfer to a Canadian prison to complete a sentence . The transfer requires the agreement of both Canadian and German authorities . Identification Carry adequate identification at all times , such as a passport or residence permit . Police have the right to ask to see it . Keep a photocopy of your passport , in case it is lost or seized . Illegal drugs Penalties for possession , use or trafficking of illegal drugs are strict . Convicted offenders can expect jail sentences or heavy fines . Illegal activities Using or displaying Nazi symbols or material , such as flags or memorabilia , is illegal . Dual citizenship is legally recognized in Germany . If you are a Canadian citizen , but also a citizen of Germany , our ability to offer you consular services may be limited while you 're there . You may also be subject to different entry/exit requirements . General information for travellers with dual citizenship Driving You must be at least 18 years old to drive a vehicle in Germany . An International Driving Permit is recommended . A Canadian driver 's licence can be used for a maximum of 6 months . After 6 months , you must exchange your Canadian licence for a German one . Allow up to 6 weeks for German authorities to exchange the licence . You must always carry : your driver 's licence
insurance and vehicle documents
written permission from the registered owner , if the vehicle does not belong to you Observe traffic laws and regulations , particularly rights-of-way and speed limits . Much of the autobahn network authorizes much higher speeds than normally allowed in Canada . Exercise caution . The use of cellular telephones while driving is prohibited , unless they are fitted with a hands-free device . Penalties for drinking and driving are severe . The legal blood alcohol limit is 0.05 % . Convicted offenders can expect heavy fines , and your driver 's licence may be confiscated immediately . More about driving in Germany - European Commission
More about the International Driving Permit Money The currency of Germany is the euro ( EUR ) . Credit cards are widely accepted at major hotels , shops and restaurants . ATMs are widely available . If you are carrying more than €10,000 or the equivalent in other currencies , you must make a declaration to customs upon your entry or exit to the European Union . The sum can be in cash , cheque , money order , traveller 's cheque or any other convertible asset . This does not apply if you are travelling within the European Union or in transit to a non-EU country . More information about cash controls - European Commission
What is the perfect apparatus , the model-apparatus that would eliminate all misunderstandings with regard to the very notion of apparatus ? The perfect apparatus , it seems to me , is [ the highway ] . In it maxi­mum circulation coincides with maximum control . Nothing moves that is n't both incontestably “ free ” and strictly classified , identified , individuated in exhaustive files of digitized registrations . A network endowed with its own fueling stations , its own police , its autonomous , neutral , empty , and abstract spaces , the highway system perfectly represents the territory , as if laid out in bands over the land , a heterotopia , the cybernetic heterotopia . Everything has been carefully parameterized so that nothing happens , ever . The undifferentiated daily flow is punctuated only by the statistical , foreseen , and foreseeable series of accidents , about which THEY keep us all the better informed as we never see them with our own eyes-accidents which are not experienced as events , as deaths , but as a passing disruption whose every trace is erased within the hour . In any case , THEY die a lot less on state high­ ways than on the interstates , as the DOT reminds us . And it is hardly as if the flattened animals , noticed only in the slight swerve they induce in passing cars , remind us what it means to LIVE WHERE OTHERS PASS . No atom ofthe molecularized flow , none ofthe imper­ vious monads of the apparatus needs us to remind it that it should get moving . The highway system was made-with its wide turns , its calculated , signalized uniformiry-solely in order to merge all types of behavior into a single one : the non-surprise , sensible and smooth , consistently steered toward a destination , the whole traveled at an average and ￼ speed . Still , the slight sense ofabsence , spanning the distance from end to end , as ifone could stay in an apparatus only if struck by the prospect of getting OUt , without ever having really been in it , been there . In ￼ end , the pure space of the highway captures the abstraction of all place more than of all distance . Nowhere have THEY so perfectly substituted places with names through their nominalist reduction . Nowhere is separation so mobile , so convincing , and armed with a vocabulary , road signs , less apt to subversion . T hus the highway : the concrete utopia of cybernetic Empire . And to think that some have heard of the “ information superhighway ” without sensing the total police surveillance to come .
☛ “ A critical metaphysics could emerge as a science of apparatuses… ” in This Is Not a Program by Tiqqun , tr . by Semiotext ( e ) , Los Angeles : Semiotext ( e ) , 2011 , pp . 151-153 . PDF : 3MB . Translation corrected .
First published in French as “ Une métaphysique critique pourrait naître comme science des dispositifs… ” in Tiqqun , issue no . 2 , 2001 , p. 136 . See the end of this post for the original French text .
Compare with this comment by Gilles Deleuze , from their 1987 lecture “ What is the Creative Act ? ” :
Control societies will no longer pass through places of confinement . Even the schools . We should closely watch the themes that develop over the next forty or fifty years . They will explain how wonderful it would be to pursue both school and a profession . It would be interesting to see what the identity of schools and professions will become with constant training , which is our future . It will no longer entail gathering children in a place of confinement . Control is not discipline . You do not confine people with a highway . But by making highways , you multiply the means of control . I am not saying this is the only aim of highways , but people can travel infinitely and “ freely ” without being confined while being perfectly controlled . That is our future . ( Two Regimes of Madness , Texts and Interviews 1975-1995 , ed . by David Lapoujade , tr . by Ames Hodges and Mike Taormina , MIT Press , item no . 44 , p. 322 ) .
The original lecture “ Qu'est-ce qu'un acte de créaction ? ” was first given at the FEMIS on March 17 , 1987 . One can watch the lecture –with English subtitles– on YouTube and read the French transcript at WebDeleuze . For some reason , WebDeleuze dates the lecture on May 17 , 1987 ( the FEMIS video recording has March 17 , 1987 for the date of the event ) .
• • •
Original French text from Tiqqun no . 2 :
Quel est le dispositif parfait , le dispositif-modèle à partir de quoi plus aucun malentendu ne pourrait subsister sur la notion même de dispositif ? Le dispositif parfait , il me semble , c'est l'AUTOROUTE . Là , le maximum de la circulation coïncide avec le maximum de contrôle . Rien ne s ' y meut qui ne soit à la fois incontestablement « libre » et strictement fiché , identifié , individué sur un fichier exhaustif des immatriculations . Organisé en réseau , doté de ses propres points de ravitaillement , de sa propre police , de ses espaces autonomes , neutres , vides , abstraits , le système autoroutier représente à même le territoire , comme déposé par bandes au travers du paysage , une hétérotopie , l'hétérotopie cybernétique . Tout y a été soigneusement paramétré pour que rien ne se passe , jamais . L'écoulement indifférencié du quotidien n ' y est ponctué que par la série statistique , prévue et prévisible , des accidents dont on nous tient d'autant plus informés que nous n'en sommes jamais témoins , qui sont donc vécus non comme des événements , des morts , mais comme une perturbation passagère dont toute trace sera effacée dans l'heure . Au reste , ON meurt beaucoup moins sur les autoroutes que sur les nationales , rappelle la Sécurité Routière ; et c'est à peine si les cadavres d'animaux écrasés , qui se signalent par le léger décrochage qu'ils induisent dans la direction des voitures , nous rappellent ce que cela veut dire DE PRÉTENDRE VIVRE LÀ OÙ LES AUTRES PASSENT . Chaque atome du flux molécularisé , chacune des monades imperméables du dispositif n ' a d'ailleurs nullement besoin qu'on lui rappelle qu'il est dans son intérêt de filer . L'autoroute est toute entière faite , avec ses larges virages , son uniformité calculée et signalétique , pour ramener toutes les conduites à une seule : le zéro-surprise , sage et lissé , finalisé à un lieu d'arrivée , le tout parcouru à une vitesse moyenne et régulière . Léger sentiment d'absence , tout de même , d'un bout à l'autre du trajet , comme si on ne pouvait demeurer dans un dispositif qu'happé par la perspective d'en sortir , sans jamais y avoir vraiment été là . Au final , le pur espace de l'autoroute exprime l'abstraction de tout lieu plus que de toute distance . Nulle part on n ' a si parfaitement réalisé la substitution des lieux par leur nom , par leur réduction nominaliste . Nulle part la séparation n'aura été si mobile , si convaincante , et armée d'un langage , la signalisation routière , moins susceptible de subversion . L'autoroute , donc , comme utopie concrète de l'Empire cybernétique . Et dire que certains ont pu entendre parler d ' « autoroute de l'information » sans y pressentir la promesse d'un flicage total ? ( 2001 : 136 ) .
• • •
Formula One 's commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone has backed Red Bull 's call for action to rein in Mercedes 's engine advantage and make races more competitive after a one-sided start to the season .
However , the 84-year-old played down talk of the former champions walking away from a sport they dominated only recently .
“ They are absolutely 100 % right , ” Ecclestone said when asked about the Red Bull principal Christian Horner 's statement that the FIA should apply an “ equalisation mechanism ” to narrow the gap .
“ There is a rule that I think [ the former president ] Max [ Mosley ] put in when they were there that in the event … that a particular team or engine supplier did something magic – which Mercedes have done – the FIA can level up things . They [ Mercedes ] have done a first class job which everybody acknowledges . We need to change things a little bit now and try and level things up a little bit . ”
Ecclestone said it was not a case of doing everything possible to stop Mercedes but simply to allow other manufacturers more flexibility .
“ What we should have done was frozen the Mercedes engine and leave everybody else to do what they want so they could have caught up , ” they said . “ We should support the FIA to make changes . ”
I 've always admired skilled wine tasters—if “ admired ” is the proper word for someone who spits perfectly good alcohol into a bucket—for their ability to determine a bottle 's origin through flavor . With one sip , grape variety , probable climate , soil conditions and , thus , origin are revealed to them . This is thanks to terroir , the idea that the environment in which grapes are grown and produced has a distinguishable and reliable impact on a wine 's flavor . It 's been accepted in the wine world for centuries .
When tasting beer , however , we tend to ignore terroir 's influence . Cascade hops are Cascade hops , whether grown in Yakima or Idaho or Tasmania . Right ?
Maybe not . During a recent trip to California , I took part in one of the most unique tasting experiences I 'd ever come across : an exploration of the impact of hop origin on a beer 's flavor . Hosted by Marvin Maldonado , owner of Federalist Public House in Sacramento , California , the tasting featured four beers from Sacramento 's Ruhstaller Beer , each brewed to to be identical in every way , from grain bill to time in the kettle and fermenters to a Cascade-exclusive hop schedule . The only difference ? Where those Cascade hops came from .
“ It was fascinating to me the first time I ran through this , ” Maldonado says . “ I figured , ‘ There 's no way I 'm going to experience that much difference . ' And then to taste it , and for it to be that different ? It 's wild . ”
He 's not kidding . Our tasting featured four beers in Ruhstaller 's “ Does It Matter ? ” series , and the contrast between them was unmistakable . The first IPA , made with Cascades grown on Ruhstaller 's own farm in Dixon , California , featured a pleasantly floral , honeylike character . The second , grown in Sloughhouse , California , had an almost tangy citrus quality , like pulpy orange juice . Tropical fruit rind flavors characterized the Kuchinski Hop Ranch IPA , made with hops grown in Lake County , while the IPA designed with Orphan hops—what Maldonado calls the “ commodity Cascades ” grown in Oregon , Washington and Canada , and purchased in massive quantities by breweries like Sierra Nevada and Lagunitas—was even and herbal , like dried greens . Aroma , flavor , even the character and level of the bitterness were all discrete . It was like drinking four completely different beers .
“ I do this three times a month , and it 's the same every time , ” Maldonado says . “ They 're all so different . And it does n't get old . It 's fun taking people down this path and letting them experience it . We showcase it every time we talk to people about beer , because it 's such an interesting conversation that I do n't think anybody else has had . ”
Clearly the exploration of the impact of terroir has n't been thorough enough , and there 's something missing from the story we 're telling about beer . These farms are not separated by much ; save the Orphan stuff , the farms on which these Cascades are grown are all within 100 miles of one another . For there to be so much difference between them tells me that the place a beer 's ingredients are grown matters , and much more than we give it credit for .
The NBA is the latest sports league to jump into the growing eSports arena , following the NFL and FIFA through Electronic Arts ' Madden NFL and FIFA video game franchises .
Through the NBA 's licensing partnership with game publisher 2K ( a division of Take-Two Interactive ( ttwo ) ) , NBA 2K16 : Road to the Finals has kicked off a cross-platform competition on Sony 's ( sne ) PlayStation 4 and Microsoft 's ( msft ) Xbox One that will run through May 8 . Gamers can form NBA 2K Pro-Am teams and compete online in any of 16 events . On May 21 , the 16 winners on both the PS4 and Xbox One will go head-to-head in a single-elimination tournament . The winners will then face off in the $ 250,000 championship in June at the NBA Finals .
“ The popularity of competitive gaming continues to grow around the world , and NBA 2K16 's Road to the Finals is a great way to bring passionate gamers together , ” says Matt Holt , the NBA 's vice president of licensing .
Jason Argent , senior vice president of basketball operations at 2K , believes that NBA 2K 's being tied to a real sport versus a more traditional fantasy video game such as Riot Games ' League of Legends has great potential to widen the eSports audience and take it more mainstream .
“ Our game has been competitive amongst NBA players , basketball fans , and our community for well over a decade , so this is just bringing that competition element to the forefront , ” Argent says . “ We feel that eSports as a part of NBA 2K is a natural fit given the game 's format and the desire from our community for competitive play . ”
For more on the NBA , watch :
Game developer Visual Concepts created the new Pro Am game mode to allow gamers to design their own identity and team up with friends to move up the ranks in an NBA simulation environment .
“ ESports is all about creating an even playing field where a player 's skills determine the outcome versus their opponent , and we feel Pro Am in NBA 2K16 delivers that unlike any other sports simulation game , ” Argent says .
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban told Fortune that eSports was something the NBA was going to focus on through its partners . And 2K has loftier long-term eSports goals through its NBA partnership .
“ We are taking a pragmatic approach to eSports so this is just one of the first steps , but down the road we can envision the opportunity for large-scale live spectator-filled events that not only highlight the game , but some of the NBA athletes that represent our brand alongside other pop and fashion icons , ” Argent says .
“ 2K has a unique license on its hands that has a global appeal , so the potential is there with NBA 2K , ” says Joost van Dreunen , CEO of SuperData Research . “ But it will require a long-term plan , and the accompanying funds , to capture its potential . ”
Electronic Arts ( ea ) , which is heading up its new internal EA Competitive Gaming Division , integrated its Madden Live Challenge eSports competition into its Super Bowl 50 activities and Madden Bowl XXII earlier this month in San Francisco . The top four professional Madden players were flown to San Francisco to compete first at the NFL Experience and then at the actual Madden Bowl event . It marked the first time the traditional competition between the top NFL players also opened its doors to the best gamers .
Get Data Sheet , Fortune 's technology newsletter .
The FIFA Interactive World Cup 2016 will feature the top 32 EA Sports FIFA 16 gamers in New York City March 20 to 22 competing for $ 25,000 in cash and a trip to the FIFA Ballon d'Or Gala . Over 2.3 million online gamers from around the world took part in this year 's annual competition .
Peter Warman , CEO of research firm Newzoo , says the number of hours gamers spent watching EA 's FIFA 16 on Twitch in January increased by more than 80 % since last November , while the number of hours gamers watched NBA 2K16 videos on Twitch more than doubled in the same period .
“ The increased direct viewership is a way we believe sports games will broaden the eSports audience , as it attracts a different group of gamers , ” Warman says .
The Alabama special election is two weeks away , and three recent polls now show Republican candidate Roy Moore is likely to win .
Jones had opened up as much as an 8-point lead in one mid-November poll taken in the days and weeks after the first women came forward with sexual misconduct allegations against Moore . Now that gap has closed .
A JMC Analytics Poll released Wednesday that surveyed 650 registered Alabama voters Monday and Tuesday had Moore with a 5-point lead over Jones , 48 to 43 percent . About 4 percent of voters planned to write in a candidate , and about 5 percent remained undecided . Moore has made up ground : In another JMC Analytics Poll taken right after the Washington Post reported that Moore sexually assaulted a 14-year-old girl when they were in their 30s , Jones was up 4 points , with 46 percent of voters planning to vote for Jones versus 42 percent for Moore .
That 's in line with two other recent polls . Change Research , in an online survey conducted Sunday and Monday found that Moore led Jones by 5 points , 47 percent to 42 percent among registered voters . About 7 percent of voters were undecided , and just shy of 4 percent said they would opt for a write-in candidate . The same firm conducted a November 15-16 poll that put Jones up by 3 points . Moore has since closed that lead , and then some .
And in an Emerson College poll released Tuesday , likely Alabama voters supported Moore 53 percent to 47 percent . The previous Emerson College poll — taken the weekend right after the first Moore revelations — had Moore up 10 points . In a podcast about the poll , Spencer Kimball of Emerson College said the results put Jones within the margin of error and within “ striking distance. ” The good news for Jones , Kimball said , is that independents are supporting them by a 2-to-1 margin . But undecided voters are still leaning toward Moore , about 57 to 44 percent .
Trump supported Moore , and their voters do too
Several factors might be sending voters back to Moore . The flurry of allegations that followed the Washington Post story , including a woman who said Moore groped them when they were 14 and they were 32 — have died down , and no new allegations have emerged since around November 15 .
Moore also laid low for a little more than a week ; until Monday night , the candidate had n't hosted a public event in 11 days .
President Donald Trump also broke their silence on the Moore situation before Thanksgiving , saying Moore “ totally denied ” the allegations . They have continued to bash the Democrat in the race , firing off on Twitter that Jones “ would be a disaster . ”
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime , WEAK on the Border , Bad for our Military and our great Vets , Bad for our 2nd Amendment , AND WANTS TO Raise TAXES TO THE SKY . Jones would be a disaster ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 26 , 2017
The Change Research poll found that about 3.5 percent of Trump voters said the president 's backing inched them closer to voting for Moore .
Potential turnout among Trump voters may be behind some of the polling swings toward Moore . In the mid-November poll that had Jones up by 3 points , 82 percent of Trump voters surveyed said they 'd “ definitely ” vote . That number is now up to 88 percent .
The Change Research poll also found that among Trump voters , only 9 percent believe the allegations against Moore ( 63 percent do not ) . Overall , 42 percent of voters believe the allegations , while 38 percent do not . That 's down from the mid-November poll , which found 46 percent of voters believed the accusations .
Written By Andrew Hamilton
As the coalfields of Southwest Virginia attempt to find new industries and businesses to revitalize the local economy , one resource presents itself readily : the night sky .
If local governments are smart , this time next year Bark Camp Lake , situated in the Thomas Jefferson National Forest between Dungannon and Coeburn , will be a dark sky park . For those unaware , a dark sky park is an area kept free of artificial light pollution in order to promote astronomy and give a clear view of the night sky . Viable locations for these parks are becoming increasingly difficult to find and therefore limits scientific research .
A study conducted last year by Science Advances found that an estimated 80 percent of Americans ca n't see the night sky clearly due to artificial light obstruction or pollution . This represents a great need in areas which can offer a clear , unobstructed view of the night sky .
While generally we might think of areas such as the New River Valley of Virginia and other nearby areas as key locations for dark sky parks , these areas are generally too obstructed by artificial lighting , as well . Light pollution has become such an issue in the 21st century that there is a growing international movement to find locations designated as “ dark skies , ” and our area now has the opportunity to become a part of that fast-growing movement .
Bark Camp Lake 's night skies are so clear and unobstructed by lights , planes , pollution , etc . that it qualifies as a potential dark skies park , which presents an incredible advancement for the area . Ecotourism is quickly growing and for a minimal economic investment , local businesses and governments can benefit from people venturing to the area for research , stargazing and other activities . Not to mention the possibility of a Dark Skies Festival , which , if planned well , could attract hundreds if not thousands of visitors and star fanatics from across the country . Advocates have already discussed the possibility of holding a festival in October , effectively extending the tourism season for the region .
As a longtime space enthusiast and strong advocate for development in Southwest Virginia , Wise County Clerk of Court Jack Kennedy has been at the forefront of this effort . However , they have n't been alone . Local Eagle Scout Daniel Rose and Coeburn Boy Scouts Troop 301 , with the aid of Kennedy and several NASA DEVELOP volunteers , have been pushing the application process with the International-Dark Skies Association in Tuscon , Az . Together , they have brought awareness and action to a highly beneficial possibility for Southwest Virginia , and now they need the support of local governments , organizations and residents .
Last year , two other Virginia counties , Alleghany County and Bath County , experienced a growing movement for a dark skies park there , which saw the support of local businesses , nonprofits and local residents . That idea , however , went dark in local government , seeing no further advancement towards implementation .
To see this idea fall through would be a waste of an opportune moment . UVa-Wise has continually sought ways to help the local area grow and this opportunity presents itself not only as an economic benefit , but an academic benefit for students doing research and work in astronomy . More students , community members and activists in the local area need to speak out on this issue , so that we can all benefit from the wonderful views and natural beauty of Southwest Virginia .
Visit the Canopy Growth Corp Investor Dashboard and stay up to date with data-driven , fact based due diligence for active traders and investors .
OTTAWA , July 6 , 2017 /CNW/ – The Canadian AIDS Society announced today a first of its kind research program funded by Canopy Growth Corporation ( TSX : WEED ) ( OTC : TWMJF ) . The program is designed to provide up-to-date information on the current state of evidence and research pertaining to the use of cannabis for medical purposes and to build tools for healthcare professionals to allow them to confidently assess and prescribe cannabis to appropriate patients .
Funded over two years at $ 100,000 per year by Canopy Growth Corporation — and guided by a newly created Cannabis Research Task Force of experts in the field of cannabinoid medicine — the project aims to develop guidelines and recommendations regarding the medical use of cannabis for optimal wellness , quality of life and pain management .
“ Our goal is to leverage our existing knowledge and expertise in both HIV and the use of cannabis for medical purposes to create a better quality of life for many Canadians facing debilitating health conditions — particularly in the area of chronic pain management , ” said Gary Lacasse , Executive Director of the Canadian AIDS Society . “ This project builds on a body of existing knowledge and research developed by CAS over several years . ”
The Task Force will be addressing issues surrounding the current lack of information — for Canadian health care practitioners and ultimately for patients — regarding guidance on the use of cannabis for medical or therapeutic purposes . It is estimated that 10 % of Canadian physicians have written an authorization for medical cannabis .
“ We are confident that this partnership with the Canadian AIDS Society and the broad medical and social expertise of the Task Force will result in practical guidelines for the use of cannabis that can be applied to many medical conditions , ” said Mark Zekulin , President , Canopy Growth Corporation . “ We have dedicated a great deal of effort toward physician education over the last three years and I feel confident that this work will create another valuable tool that Canadian healthcare professionals and Canadians alike can use when considering cannabis as a therapy .. ”
The Cannabis Research Task Force is expected to review the current state of research for the use of medical cannabis and develop a scope of work for evidence-based Canadian guidelines in such areas as treatment , contraindications , dosing , chronic pain , risk management and regulatory issues , among others .
Fact Sheet
Cannabis Research Program
Funded by Canopy Growth Corporation
In Canada , approximately 75,500 are living with HIV and about 250,000 are living with hepatitis C ( HCV )
Cannabis has been proven to be effective to relieve symptoms — including chronic pain management — related to many medical conditions .
The Cannabis Research Task Force brought together by the Canadian AIDS Society is expected to review the current state of research for the use of medical cannabis and develop a scope of work for evidence-based Canadian guidelines in such areas as treatment , contraindications , dosing , chronic pain , risk management and regulatory issues , among others .
As of July 6 , 2017 , the members of the Cannabis Research Task Force include :
About the Canadian AIDS Society ( CAS )
The Canadian AIDS Society ( CAS ) is a national coalition of community-based AIDS organizations across Canada . CAS is dedicated to strengthening the response to HIV/AIDS across all sectors of society , and to enriching the lives of people and communities living with , or affected by , HIV/AIDS . For more information , please visit www.cdnaids.ca .
About Canopy Growth Corporation ( CGC )
Canopy Growth is a world-leading diversified cannabis company , offering distinct brands and curated cannabis varieties in dried , oil and capsule forms . Through its wholly owned subsidiaries , Canopy Growth operates numerous state-of-the-art production facilities with over half a million square feet of GMP-certified indoor and greenhouse production capacity , all to an unparalleled level of quality assurance procedures and testing . Canopy Growth has established partnerships with leading sector names in Canada and abroad , with interests and operations spanning four continents . The Company is proudly dedicated to educating healthcare practitioners , providing consistent access to high-quality cannabis products , conducting robust clinical research , and furthering the public 's understanding of cannabis . For more information visit www.canopygrowth.com .
Original press release : http : //www.newswire.ca/news-releases/canadian-aids-society-announces-innovative-cannabis-research-program-funded-by-canopy-growth-corporation-632899833.html
The most reliable , fact-based information on Canopy Growth Corp. found only on its Investor Dashboard .
Get ahead of the crowd by signing up for 420 Investors , the largest & most comprehensive premium subscription service for cannabis traders and investors since 2013 .
Published by NCV Newswire The NCV Newswire by New Cannabis Ventures aims to curate high quality content and information about leading cannabis companies to help our readers filter out the noise and to stay on top of the most important cannabis business news . The NCV Newswire is hand-curated by an editor and not automated in anyway . Have a confidential news tip ? Get in touch
An Illinois prosecutor said Friday that new evidence proves that a man convicted in the 1957 abduction and murder of a 7-year-old girl could n't have committed the crime .
DeKalb County State 's Attorney Richard Schmack said their court-ordered , six-month review of the case included new evidence that reaffirmed an alibi for Jack McCullough , who was initially cleared in the case but was then charged in 2011 .
Schmack said evidence convinced them that McCullough could n't have been anywhere nearby when Maria Ridulph vanished on Dec. 3 , 1957 , while they were playing outside in the snow near their home in the community of Sycamore .
The girl was choked and stabbed to death in an alley , and their body was found months later , dumped in the woods more than 100 miles away and their murder remained unsolved for decades .
McCullough was a neighbor at the time of the murder . They had long ago been cleared by authorities before a renewed effort was launched to solve the case . They were found guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison .
Schmack said in a court filing that they joined in the defendant 's motion to set aside the guilty verdict . A hearing is scheduled for Tuesday .
Some of the new evidence includes a recently subpoenaed phone records that proved McCullough made a collect call to their parents from a phone booth in the lobby of a Post Office in Rockford , about 35 miles from Sycamore . The call was placed minutes after the abduction was said to have taken place .
That had always been McCullough 's professed alibi , though the precise location of the phone had previously come under doubt .
Testimony that the abduction had taken place earlier was also discredited , Schmack said , meaning there was no possibility McCullough could have committed the crime and driven to Rockford in time to place that call .
`` I know there are people who will never believe that they are not responsible for the crime , '' said Schmack , whose own family has lived for 30 years in the small Sycamore neighborhood where the crime occurred . `` But I can not allow that to sway me from my sworn duty . ''
Schmack said the findings also cast doubt on the fairness of a photo array that authorities prepared for a witness who identified McCullough as the suspect a half-century later .
`` We 're very pleased , '' said McCullough 's attorney , public defender Tom McCulloch .
Their appeal will be back in court on Tuesday , and McCulloch , now 76 , is hopeful their client could be released soon .
`` Given this filing , hopefully this comes to a rapid and favorable conclusion , '' they said .
Schmack 's conclusions are based off FBI reports from 1957 and 1958 which were ruled inadmissible during the 2012 trial , according to the DeKalb Daily Chronicle . They also claim the state 's timeline falls apart when compared to federal authorities ' reports .
But Maria 's sister remains convinced that McCullough is guilty .
`` It 's all very upsetting for us , '' said Patricia Quinn of El Paso , Illinois , their voice cracking with emotion . `` We 're just trusting in what the judge will do Tuesday at the hearing . ''
McCullough 's conviction had put to rest some of the decades of anguish endured by Maria 's family and friends .
At their sentencing in 2012 , McCullough turned to them in the courtroom and proclaimed their innocence .
`` I did not , did not , kill Maria Ridulph , '' said the silver-haired McCullough , who grew up in Sycamore and was 17 when Maria died . `` It was a crime I did not , would not , could not have done . ''
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
When doing business in China , overseas companies are best to leave the satire to the locals .
Furniture retailer Ikea has apologized and retracted a television advertisement that has sparked public outrage for the way it has depicted single Chinese women and their families .
After just one day of broadcast on Chinese television stations , Ikea has pulled the commercial , saying in a statement that they `` apologize for giving the wrong impression . ''
The 29-second-long commercial features an adult Chinese daughter having dinner at home with their two parents whose disapproval of their daughter 's lack of marriage prospects brighten immediately when they unexpectedly produce a boyfriend from out of nowhere .
​​In a series of quick edits , the parents upgrade their home with Ikea furnishings , which are marked in the commercial with their product names and prices .
However , the part of the commercial that has inflamed public outrage is the line of dialog that sets up its premise . Right at the beginning , the mother puts down their chopsticks loudly and complains to their daughter : `` If you do n't bring a boyfriend home , do n't consider me to be your mother anymore . ''
Despite the comedic effect of the sudden mood shift of the parents as well as the father changing their shirt by ripping it off , the satire of the commercial went unnoticed by a public angry at the way it depicts single women .
READ : Ikea Set to Offer Online Shopping in China ,
But Initially Snubs Beijing
Viewers complained of being `` disappointed '' at the TV commercial for being `` inappropriate '' and showing the `` wrong sense of worth . ''
One person complained that the ad promoted discrimination against shengnv , otherwise known as `` China 's leftover women . ''
`` Not bringing a boyfriend home will result in a mean face and no festive atmosphere , but doing so will result in smiles and welcomes . How is this a family ? '' read the complaint .
Another complaint used the furniture retailer 's corporate image against them . `` It 's hard to believe that the system of values ( shown in the commercial ) comes from Ikea and its brand of lifestyle comfort , '' it read .
In a statement , Ikea acknowledged that the advertisement 's depiction of `` gender equality '' may have offended some people .
Although some online comments suggested that some people may be `` too sensitive , '' one commenter replied that such an opinion substantiated the outrage .
One person said they `` need to be sensitive '' because `` this ad enforces the idea that women are 'unprofitable enterprises ' unless they can bring home a boyfriend . ''
`` This TV ad tried to show how Ikea can help customers easily and affordably convert a typical living room into a place for celebration . The purpose was to encourage customers to celebrate moments in everyday life , '' read the statement .
Not all comments found the advertisement to be offensive . One comment suggested that some people in China are n't confident when it comes to gender issues , saying : `` A double standard exists when it comes to public opinion over the treatment of men and women . ''
The outrage over Ikea 's recent commercial measures far beyond the reception given to a recently-made commercial that features the exact same themes , but made by a Chinese company .
Made by Thai director Thanonchai Sornsriwichai , a commercial for Didi Chuxing that debuted this past spring also features an unmarried adult Chinese daughter with disapproving parents . However , the prospective son-in-law is able to win the trust of the parents by comedically producing physical proof of their credentials , sometimes without even being prompted .
The ad sought to emphasize that Didi Chuxing 's scrutiny of its drivers is as strict as Chinese parents ' examination of a candidate for marrying their daughter .
The Didi Chuxing commercial prompted some negative feedback , but the company neither issued an apology nor retracted their commercial .
The Chinese public has been upset before at commercials made by foreign companies .
A commercial promoting second-hand Audi cars in China caused controversy earlier this year when yet another overbearing Chinese mother was seen inspecting the mouth of their prospective daughter-in-law immediately preceding the exchange of wedding vows .
Meanwhile , Ikea has the focus of public backlashes after they tried to ban freeloading seniors from their cafeteria and people from sleeping in their beds , something that , as of last month , is still going on .
But while the Swedish retailer was able to successfully fend off rumors of selling horsemeat , they eventually acquiesced to extending a recall to China after a campaign led by multiple Chinese newspapers .
It could be that Ikea is the best outlet for venting your anger in China , or at least a way to relieve yourself .
More stories from this author here .
Twitter : @ Sinopath
E-mail : charlesliu1 @ qq.com
Images : Miaopai , Weibo , Youku
The 2022 World Cup in Qatar should be played between 5 May and 4 June rather than in the winter , according to Europe 's biggest clubs and leagues .
Qatar was awarded the event in 2010 , with leading Fifa figures subsequently backing a proposed winter tournament .
But a proposal by the European Club Association ( ECA ) and European Professional Football Leagues ( EPFL ) says it could be played safely at the start of the summer .
A decision is expected by March 2015 .
World governing body Fifa announced last month that the most likely dates for the tournament would be either January/February or November/December 2022 , with the organisation 's medical chief warning that temperatures in the Middle East state between May and September posed a `` highly critical risk '' .
What is the European Club Association ? Representative body made up of 214 top European clubs Formed in 2008 by 16 founder members including Manchester United , Chelsea , Bayern Munich , Barcelona and Real Madrid Also includes Arsenal , Liverpool , Manchester City and Paris St-Germain Each of Uefa 's 53 national associations is represented by at least one club Chaired by former West Germany international Karl-Heinz Rummenigge
But the ECA and EPFL - an association of 21 European leagues - believe their new proposal demonstrates how the tournament could be played in May and June without putting the health of players , supporters and officials at risk , with cooling systems deployed in stadiums .
They argue that their proposal would have the least impact on the 2021-22 or 2022-23 club fixture calendars , which would need to be seriously revised if either of the options favoured by Fifa is ratified .
It is also claimed that a May/June World Cup would have no impact on confederation tournaments or the Fifa Club World Cup , and limited impact on Uefa club competitions while not clashing with the Winter Olympics , or the Muslim holy month of Ramadan which finishes on 2 May .
Whilst moving house in late 2012 Stateovmind found a collection of unmarked discs buried deep inside a cardboard removalist box . On these discs were four ProTools sessions filled with rough unfinished songs and concepts , all of which were recorded over M-Phazes beats that State had originally acquired in 2007 .
Stateovmind had long thought that these discs , beat stems and recorded demos were lost forever until this rediscovery . The beats hidden on these discs carried the distinct drums and vintage sound of M-Phazes , and so State decided that they were too good to be left unused and that they should be heard .
In mid 2013 , Stateovmind then re-wrote and in some instances re-recorded the four once forgotten songs to update them and bring them to life . 5 years after their original conception , the four tracks now carry new meaning and a fresh reinvigorated sound .
State has finally shown these beats justice as they are now showcased on their latest EP Lost and Found .
Long thought to be lost forever they have now been found…
Tracklisting :
1 . Move feat . Legit ( Prod . M-Phazes )
2 . Granted ( Prod . M-Phazes )
3 . Concepts and Statements feat . Context ( Prod . M-Phazes )
4 . Top Of The World feat . Paryce ( Prod . M-Phazes )
All Beats by M-Phazes
All Cuts by Krumb
Recorded by Timmy Tools @ Home
Mixed and Mastered by Ben Kramp @ Earthshake Audio
Artwork and Design by Jon Stevens sketchedstevens.tumblr.com
Facebook || Twitter || Caps Lock Collective
Two incumbent Massachusetts mayors beat back challengers and a town rejected recreational marijuana businesses in municipal primaries held Tuesday , while a crowded field in a special election in the Bristol-Norfolk Senate district was narrowed , according to unofficial election results .
A Foxborough Democrat and an Attleboro Republican won their respective primaries Tuesday in the race to fill a Bristol and Norfolk state Senate seat , according to unofficial election results .
On the Democratic side , Paul R. Feeney , a former Foxborough selectman , defeated Sharon resident Edward R. “ Ted ” Philips .
Advertisement
For the GOP , Jacob J. Ventura was the winner in a four-way contest that included three candidates from Walpole : Michael C. Berry , Harry C. Brousaides , and Tim Hempton .
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Feeney and Ventura will now face off against Joe Shortsleeve , a former WBZ reporter who lives in Medfield , in the Oct. 17 election .
Since announcing their candidacy , Shortsleeve changed their designation from Democrat to independent , but has said if elected they would join the Senate Democratic caucus .
Those three are vying for a seat vacated by Walpole Democrat James E. Timilty , who is taking over the job of Norfolk County treasurer .
Ventura , an attorney , said the primary was hard-fought and condensed because of the nature of the special election . In the general election , they said , voters will see a stark contrast between themselves and Feeney .
Advertisement
“ People are fed up with how state government is being run from a fiscal standpoint , ” they said .
Massachusetts Republican Party chairperson Kirsten Hughes said their organization was proud to support Ventura , whom they said would be a “ champion for taxpayers . ”
Brousaides , one of Ventura 's GOP opponents , congratulated them on their victory .
“ I think Jacob Ventura is a fine candidate and they will make a great state senator and they will represent our district the way it should be represented , ” they said .
Calls to the other GOP contenders were not immediately returned .
Advertisement
The Massachusetts Democratic Party chairperson Gus Bickford in a statement praised Feeney , the Democratic primary winner , calling them “ a strong progressive champion for the working families and residents of Massachusetts . ”
Feeney and Philips could not be reached for comment .
Citing Feeney 's support of Bernie Sanders and calling Ventura “ very , very conservative , ” Shortsleeve said , “ It looks like there 's a big highway in the middle for someone who is independent . ”
Elsewhere , incumbent mayors in Brockton and Somerville rolled up large margins of victory in their preliminary contests .
Brockton Mayor William Carpenter topped a three-way race , receiving 2,253 votes . They will face second-place finisher Jimmy L. Pereira , who received 775 votes , according to the city 's election commission .
Somerville Mayor Joseph A. Curtatone received 58 percent of the ballots cast in that city , compared to 35 percent for Payton Corbet , who placed second in the three-way race , according to election results posted on the city 's website .
Exact vote totals for the race were not posted on the website .
In Attleboro , incumbent Mayor Kevin Dumas placed second to challenger Paul Heroux in that primary , the Sun Chronicle reported .
The Globe could not independently verify the results . Multiple messages left with the Attleboro city clerk 's office were not returned Tuesday night .
In Milford , residents voted to ban recreational marijuana businesses , by a 56 percent majority , according to unofficial results provided by the town clerk 's office .
“ We 're thrilled , ” said Geri Eddins , a spokesperson for Milford CARES , a registered ballot question committee that supported the initiative . “ We 're absolutely thrilled . ”
Milford Board of Selectmen chairperson William Kingkade said the initiative would now go to Town Meeting , where it would need to be ratified by a two-thirds vote in order to take effect as a town bylaw .
Bryan Cole , a leader of Milford Citizens for Fairness , which opposed the ban , said in an e-mail the group was disappointed by the outcome of the referendum .
“ The group behind this ballot did everything they could to quickly and quietly push this vote through , and the process was never fair or transparent , ” they said in a statement .
Globe correspondent Adam Sennott and Frank Phillips and Dan Adams of Globe Staff contributed to this report . Danny McDonald can be reached at daniel.mcdonald @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ Danny__McDonald
Deutsche Version Dutch Version Spanish Version
Welcome to the Facebook Crystal Set Radio Group ! Hello friend . My name is Dave Schmarder . I am the owner and operator of makearadio.com . My homemade hobby radio website has been on the net since 2002 . Yes , this is the home of that crazy guy of German heritage that builds all those radios . This website is about the homemade radio projects that I have built . I show all the circuits and offer good quality pictures . Each project has a description added . I did all this so you , the radio builder hobbyist would have some good plans . Starting in early 2010 , makearadio.com was transformed into an ad supported website . The income helps offset the hosting costs as well as a little for me . Please whitelist me in your adblocker . Thanks ! ( BTW , The Ublock Origin extension is an excellent blocker and does allow individual website whitelisting . ) Or please donate $ 5 via PayPal , if you like my website or found something useful here . Thanks .
I also host The RadioBoard , CrystalRadio.US and 1n34a.com .
( After I send a thank-you note , I then will delete your e-mail address , for your privacy . ) Do you have , or are you interested in the Google Home speakers ? Check out my recent website about this great device .
Crystal Radios Remember that crystal set you made with your dad or grandpa ? I remember my experiences to this day . In early 2002 the crystal set bit me again . This time I really got excited and started building one set right after another . I was going to stop when I built a couple of radios that would display well . But there was no way I was going to quit . So here I am at 78 radios and counting ! I hope you find one that you would like to build . See what I have made to show you .
Tube Radios Soon after I started building crystal sets , the lousy summer band conditions convinced me that I should expand my activities in to active devices . Encouraged by my web visitors , I built a bunch of tube radios to experiment with . I did n't build regenerative radios when I was a kid , so this was new territory for me . I am pleased with the outcome and I hope you are too . So , I proudly present my tube radio main page .
Solid State Radios Transistors ? Bah humbug . But I 've heard that they have become popular and more and more people have switched from tubes to transistors . So far there is only one radio , but I hope to add more . So please accept my meager attempt for now
Audio Amplifier I love tube amplifiers . But as my solid state section , my amplifier section has only one example to show you . It is a nice small , low powered audio amp . Several others have built this design and are quite happy . So check out my amplifier section and encourage me to make more !
Loop Antennas have been in my family since I was a little guy . I still have the big red loop that my dad built and that started my interest in these magical devices . I built some smaller loop antennas to connect to my old time radios to improve my reception . My loops are beautiful !
My Non-Radios Websites I also have a website called ichweissnicht.com which has a bunch of banner graphics that I made , plus a DIY home page template . I have a section that I call `` EBayisms '' that are funny things found on the popular auction website . To round out the site , I added some product reviews . For a complete list of sites that I built , check out my Websites Portfolio Page .
The RadioBoard Forums As someone that is interested in the topic of homemade radios , I wish to extend an invite to join other like minded people at a forum that I operate , called The RadioBoard ! I also want to invite you to the other sections of The RadioBoard website including the RadioContest section . Here you will see some more very nice examples of well built homemade radios . Also , new on the site is a section that I have named The Best of the Best . Over the more than 5 years of The RadioBoard Forums , there have been some real outstanding posts by our members . There are some popular technical threads that deserved a better spotlight . So I took those posts and boiled them down into some nice articles . As time allows , this section will become larger .
SAN FRANCISCO — Controlling the future of the smartphone was the defining technology battle of the last decade . Now , technology companies are betting that the next 10 years and beyond will be spent battling for control of the self-driving automobile .
On Friday , Lyft , the ride-hailing company , announced that it was developing its own self-driving technology , marking yet another company 's gamble that the future of transportation will be marked by self-driving cars .
Lyft is marking the occasion with the opening of a new self-driving-research facility in Palo Alto , Calif. , and plans to heavily recruit new engineering and technical people for the facility after it opens in the coming weeks .
“ We are n't thinking of our self-driving division as a side project . It 's core to our business , ” said Luc Vincent , vice president of autonomous technology at Lyft . “ That 's why 10 percent of our engineers are already focused on developing self-driving technology — and we 'll continue to grow that team in the months ahead . ”
Vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine appeared in Greensboro , North Carolina on Wednesday and LGBTQ rights were on their mind .
“ In Philadelphia last week , there was a speaker , Sarah McBride , who made history . Some of you know her , they were the first transgender person ever to speak at a national convention . And they talked about the continuing battle we have in this nation to fight against discrimination , ” Kaine said , referring to the 2016 DNC .
Related : Leaked DNC Email Calls McCrory “ Moronic Little Bigot Of A Tarheel Governor ”
“ I know in North Carolina there 's been some pain over this issue , ” Kaine continued . “ They snuck through in the legislature this HB2 , and they tried to introduce it kind of in the dead of night , and ( thought ) , ‘ Can we do an end run and make it happen really fast ? And maybe people wo n't notice , and maybe people wo n't complain . ' But you all have stood up in a major way , and you 've said , ‘ This is not who we are , this is not who North Carolina is , these are not our values . ' And that 's one of the reasons North Carolina is so intensely focused on this race . ”
Kaine shared that Roy Cooper , the state 's attorney general , who is running against Gov . McCrory in the gubernatorial race , told them they did n't want people to think of North Carolina as going backwards .
“ We got ta go forward , not backward , ” Kaine said , which brought chants of “ Forward together ! ”
Related : Donald Trump Promises To Protect LGBTQ People , Twitter Reacts
The North Carolina NAACP has been using the phrase . NC NAACP President Rev . William Barber II gave a speech at the 2016 DNC .
Kaine pointed out that Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence also tried to enact discriminatory laws and when businesses began to pull out of Indiana as a result they “ had to do a u-turn. ” Gov . McCrory and the Republican controlled North Carolina General Assembly have instead dug in their heels and watched companies such as PayPal pull out , and events like concerts , conventions and most recently the 2017 NBA All-Star Game hightail it out of the Tar Heel state as well .
“ This is somebody who has said LGBT people would bring about a ‘ societal collapse . ' That 's just not right , folks. ” Kaine said of Pence .
HuffPost Pollster has Clinton holding a slight lead over Trump in the state , and Cooper with a slight lead over McCrory in the race for governor .
McCrory signed HB2 into law , which requires transgender people to use the bathrooms and locker rooms matching the gender on their birth certificate in public buildings , and allows private businesses to set their own rules around the issue . It also capped the state 's minimum wage , nullified any pre-existing discrimination ordinances passed by cities and municipalities in North Carolina and took away the right to sue for workplace discrimination in the state courts .
Related : 6 Times Hillary Clinton Stood Up For The LGBTQ Community
This last provision was changed , but LGBTQ people are still unable to sue for workplace discrimination in the state , as there are no protections for them and there are no protections federally , either . Clinton has pledged to work with Congress to pass the Equality Act , which would prohibit discrimination against the LGBTQ community in employment , housing , education , obtaining credit , federal funding , jury service and public accommodations .
Kaine also praised the recent court decision to strike down restrictive voting laws , which were passed after the Supreme Court , in 2013 , made it possible for Southern states to change their voting laws without federal preclearance , which they had been required to do since the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
Intersection of Lake Wheeler and Saunders Street
With lots of eyes looking at the future of Dorothea Dix Park , there is sure to be new development and plans to help connect it to downtown Raleigh . Between the two , one of the largest such projects announced so far is along Saunders Street so I thought it a great time to walk the area .
We 've talked about a lot of new stuff taking place near the intersection of Saunders and South Streets but going away from downtown , there are buildings and land available for new projects .
A local development firm , Five Horizons , plans for something special in the mostly wooded area along the eastern side of Saunders . Residential towers with skyline and park views plus ground-floor restaurants may one day make up this area . See the map below to get an idea of where the group is making plans .
Planned development is shown in orange . Click for larger .
Roughly nine acres in size , the area is mostly undeveloped with some businesses facing Saunders and the Rocky Branch creek on the northern edge of the property .
From the intersection of Lake Wheeler to where McDowell Street begins , a series of auto-repair shops and light warehouses line the streets . Some are open , some empty .
For this area , the Five Horizons project will create a transformation .
When looking at the currently open rezoning request , the developers are planning for an appropriate zoning that allows buildings between 12 and 20 stories tall with the shortest being in front of the creek .
In addition to a new interior public street , the buildings will be laid out so that every floor has a great view by design . This was mentioned several times from the design team at the CAC meeting I attended .
Starting with the creek , the developers are looking in to ideas to create a public space , such as a boardwalk , here . Bridges from the new development over the creek to the existing greenway could happen as a way to make the downtown skyline view available to all .
Rendering with building massings . Click for larger .
The development could have a mix of residential , office , and retail to create activity throughout the day and night .
The new street will be planned narrower as a way to create more space for people and make it more walkable .
Street and block plan . Click for larger .
After presentations and conversations at the CAC over the last few months , the response has been pretty positive towards this project . This month , the CAC has voted in favor of the rezoning for this project .
Five Horizons say that they are still years away from starting on the first parcel so I imagine this area will certainly take time to be fully built out . I expect that change may also take place nearby so Saunders could become a new downtown district in the near future .
One of Trinidad and Tobago 's most beloved cultural icons has passed away . Holly Betaudier ( also known as ‘ The Arima Kid ' , a nod to their hometown ) died on May 30 , 2016 at the age of 91 .
They were a television pioneer who hosted one of the longest running local talent shows , Scouting for Talent , which helped launch many a musical career , especially in the genre of calypso . They were also an aficionado of parang music and up until recently , hosted a radio programme , Toute Bagai ( a Patois expression meaning “ everything ” ) , which was a platform for them to proudly speak one of the dying languages of Trinidad .
On learning of their death , netizens immediately began to pay tribute . Journalist and blogger Vernon O'Reilly Ramesar posted an interview they had done with Betaudier , calling them “ diminutive ” and “ a giant of culture in T & T ” .
Sharing Leslie Ann Boiselle 's Facebook post , iconic calypsonian David Rudder said :
Rest in peace Holly Betaudier . You 've given all that you could give to Trinbago . Thank you sir .
Popular local radio station 96.1 WEFM hailed Betaudier as “ the original host of one of the best nation-building cultural shows , Scouting for Talent ” :
Holly B 's love for local culture began in their childhood days in Arima . They became involved in media and entertainment in the 1940s at the U.S. Armed Forces radio service network , WVDI . They moved to television when TTT was inaugurated in 1962 and helped develop local entertainment and cultural shows that reflected Trinidad and Tobago . “ Through ‘ The Eyes of the Nation ' Holly presented the real Trinidad and Tobago to a generation of national audiences , building bridges and creating understanding of the diversity of Trinidad and Tobago . There will always be only one Holly B , ” the National Carnival Commission ( NCC ) wrote about Holly B , who is considered a ground-breaker in the television industry in T & T .
The National Parang Association of Trinidad & Tobago also paid tribute to one of its most dedicated supporters :
We are extremely grateful for their priceless contributions to the Parang art form , particularly for their pioneering programme ‘ Holly 's Parang Bandwagon ' which was aired on Trinidad and Tobago Television ( TTT ) . We are moreover pleased that Mr. Betaudier 's legacy in Parang has been kept alive as the programme continues through their son Holly Jr. who also serves as the host of our annual Junior Parang Festival .
Former Port of Spain mayor Louis Lee Sing , on whose radio station Betaudier had their show , shared warm memories of their friendship :
Holly Betaudier was not just the person you meet and you remember for that moment [ … ] Simple , sweet , and blessed with irresistible charm [ … ] as they grew into manhood they looked after too many as they became the go-to man , if you wished to launch a career in entertainment . [ … ] Holly was brave to a fault and it is this Betaudier brass , which created the brand – Holly B !
They created the bridge between their and successive generations and in their latter years offered to those with ears to hear , the opportunity to listen to their oral history on not only his , but the experiences of many of our early artists who painted the tapestry of life in Trinidad and Tobago !
Gayelle TV , one of the few stations dedicated to broadcasting local programming , also tipped its hat to Betaudier :
What sad news we woke up to this morning . Rest well uncle Holly . One of the nicest people you would have had the pleasure of meeting.‪ # ‎ArimaKid‬ ‪ # ‎ScoutingForTalent‬ . ‪ # ‎TTT‬ ‪ # ‎SweetParang‬ . Thank you for everything .
Naturally , Betaudier 's death affected the media fraternity very deeply ; but their influence was felt in all spheres of the country 's life , with both the government and the opposition extending official condolences on their passing .
Other Facebook users who had been touched by Betuadier 's easy manner and love of local culture were also saddened . Brenda Baptiste said :
Trinidad & Tobago and the Caribbean at large has lost a great servant and gentleman .
Mark Owen added :
To say they loved our culture is an understatement…he was our culture…thank you for your contribution [ … ] you will be missed…
On a blog dedicated to honouring the pioneers of broadcasting via the country 's first television station , Trinidad and Tobago Television ( TTT ) , Beatudier themselves recalled what it was like to be a part of that movement — it read almost like a final farewell :
Battalion Chiefs Unite For Strength Of Teamsters Local 355 Representation
( BALTIMORE ) –Anne Arundel County Fire Department battalion chiefs have voted unanimously to join Teamsters Local 355 in Baltimore .
The group organized three years ago as an independent association , but decided in September to seek the organized umbrella of a larger union that could provide the experience and assistance they need to continue to negotiate and enforce their contract .
“ Though we have had success defending our contractual rights , we have had limited resources to pursue some issues . We are a small unit of 17 members , unconnected and without access to the advice and resources of a larger labor organization , and the county knew it , ” said Michael Smith , former president of the Battalion Chiefs Association .
Smith has been with the Anne Arundel County Fire Department for 25 years , moving up the ranks from firefighter to their current position as battalion chief .
“ We 're happy to have this group join our ranks , ” said Dan Taylor , a business agent with Teamsters Local 355 . “ I think we 'll have a great working relationship and we look forward to positive negotiations starting in early January 2015 . ”
The chiefs serve directly under the fire chief of Anne Arundel County . The county is divided into four geographic areas with four battalion chiefs covering each of four schedule shifts , and one “ rover ” chief designated to cover vacations and other leave . They support 31 town and city fire stations , directing and coordinating management and delivery of emergency fire and medical services to the citizens of the county .
Smith is a Second Battalion chief , charged with coordination oversight for 76 employees and nine fire stations from the Bay Bridge to the Key Bridge .
Until recently , Teamsters Local 355 's relationship with the chiefs association was an indirect one . Both labor groups have a common link through the local labor counsel , Jim Rosenberg .
Attorney Rosenberg represented the battalion chiefs in grievances and arbitrations .
Initial meetings between Teamsters Local 355 leadership and the Battalion Chiefs Association were held in 2013 . In September of this year , a change in Association leadership generated a renewed interest in the Teamsters Union .
In October , they submitted a decertification petition to the county and the employees were notified in early December a representation election had been scheduled .
They voted to join Teamsters Local 355 in a representation election held December 10 , 2014 .
“ We are thrilled to be with the Teamsters . The big union is like our big brother , ” said Smith , pleased that their group showed their unanimous agreement at the ballot box .
Smith and former Association vice president John McNally will be shop flight attendants for Teamsters Local 355 's newest unit .
At around the same time as Ms. Tzur Ben-Moshe 's move to the Shapira Quarter , Israel 's first hostel for women trying to get out of prostitution and undergoing rehabilitation , Saleet , opened nearby . Ms. Tzur Ben-Moshe built the first course with Ido Recanati , a local fashion designer , offering women from the hostel training in sketching , fabrics and stitching . They then teamed with Iris Stern Levi , who had worked for 20 years at the rape crisis center . They founded an association , called Turning the Tables , and now are directors of the program , whose weekly sessions take place over a period of several months . Some students come from the hostel ; some via Elem , an Israeli organization for youths in distress ; and some are from a shelter for women straight out of prison .
Financing has come from the National Council of Jewish Women , an American organization of volunteers and advocates of social justice , as well as local companies and private individuals . Many Israelis connected with the fashion industry — designers , fabric suppliers and the Gertrude fashion house among others — have donated time and materials .
The efforts , Ms. Tzur Ben-Moshe said , are “ our little bit , to show there 's a way out . ”
At a recent session in a building off Dizengoff Street , in the heart of Tel Aviv 's chic shopping and cafe district , half a dozen women practiced unpacking boxes of stock at a workshop given by Uri Reiss of 911 Fashion Ltd. , which imports unique brands to Israel and runs a chain of stores in and around Tel Aviv at which the women will get some work experience .
Pulling a short chiffon dress out of a box , Aviva , amply built with long , dyed-blonde hair and a deep laugh , guffawed , “ For me , that 's a shirt . ”
Alona , whose thin arms bear the scars of years of drug abuse , offered advice to Mr. Reiss about how stores can fall short — customers buying shoes might have nowhere proper to sit , or mirrors might not go all the way to the floor . Shoplifters , they added , often cover security tags with nylon or aluminum foil to prevent them beeping at the exit . “ A salesperson , ” they said , “ always needs to keep an eye . ”
Many prostitutes here begin as teenagers and have little education and no other work experience .
“ Working in stores will help them integrate into the real world , ” Mr. Reiss said .
The courses also teach them how to get through a job interview and to cope when prospective employers ask whether they have ever stolen or used drugs .
Mark March 29 , 2015 at 12:10 pm
Dear KL ,
‘ Yes – the Wikipedia definition given by David is the same . What is your point ? '
My point is that the public discourse is unbalanced . The word misandry is not given an equal amount of public debate as misogyny , virtually zero public money is spent on addressing the problem , a problem which is just as destructive as male aggression . Domestic Violence has become synonymous with male aggression whereas female aggression and perfidy is rarely if ever spoken about , but is swept under the carpet . This is incongruous in a society that promotes equality .
‘ That 's odd as both the corporate world and the government have stated policies to improve gender balance . '
The whole political paradigm has shifted to the left over the last three or four decades . Nevertheless this fact does not negate the ‘ merit superior to quota ' argument .
‘ So what about the wrongful dismissal of the Save the Children staff , the UN report , the torture report , and the Moss Review , all of which backed up the report from the HRC . Women and children are being raped while Morrison , Abbott and Brandis attack the messengers . '
“ Mr Morrison was asked on Sunday whether they conceded they had got their comments wrong .
They said the allegations had been presented to them in a formal report at the time and they referred them to the Moss review to be investigated along with other sexual assault allegations .
“ It was my action , on seeing all of those allegations , not to draw any conclusions on them at all , as I said at the time , and to refer them off to an independent review , ” Mr Morrison said .
“ So I 'm pleased the independent review has been taken that the Government has received it and the Government has responded to all of the recommendations in a positive way . ”
When specifically asked if they would apologise to Save the Children , they replied “ I made no allegations , I referred allegations for a proper inquiry ” . ”
Scott Morrison initiated the inquiry and no doubt there will be investigations and if any allegations of criminality against guards can be proved they will be dealt with under the law , as they should be .
Moss detailed allegations that at least three women had been raped inside the centre . Who were the perps and should they be brought to Australia to be tried ?
You see , Labor , the Greens and the left in general would love to break Morrison 's successful border protection policy and they will use any means to achieve this . After all they stated boldly before the last election that an Abbott government could n't stop the boats . But they did . Accept it and move on . None of this would 've happened if Rudd had not had thrown open the borders . Another monumental mess of astronomical proportions created by Labor .
‘ There are stat decs from witnesses and the newspaper had to pay a settlement to Ms Ramjan for calling them a liar . '
Stat decs are evidence to be weighed , not proof . The Australian opted to apologise and to pay a settlement to Ramjan for an article it published written by Michael Kroger in which they called Ramjan a serial liar . Kroger stands by what they said and has not apologised .
‘ Actually sexual harassment in the workplace is against the law . '
As I said , Tony Abbott baited the usual suspects , and in their haste to vilify , they took it hook , line and sinker . You failed to address that point . Would they say the same about Mike Baird ? I guess they could , objectively , and no doubt a lot of women would agree with him .
‘ I will not dignify your comments on housework and abortion with an answer but I will say that the fear of an organisation formed to support progressive women candidates seeking election to political office is telling . '
This is the Gillard response akin to ‘ I find your views abhorrent , etc , etc ' , a cop out . You say that I have a fear of progressive women candidates . I fear the damage they can inflict on society as a collective with a divisive agenda . There are many women in public and private life whom I admire and respect , based on their strength of character and achievements . Sadly I do n't see such women in groups such as Emily 's List . What are your views on full term abortion and the right of the father to have a say on what happens to their child ?
‘ As far as “ natural born victims ” victims is concerned , the majority of women I know could chew you up and spit you out in a heartbeat sunshine . '
Ha , the Parthian Shot , as inevitable as the sunrise . You do n't know me but I would probably hold the door open for the majority of women you know , not because they are women but because I 'm a gentleman .
‘ You seem very threatened by any suggestion of women being powerful or fighting for women 's rights .
I may seem threatened to you but I do n't feel threatened . A case of wishful thinking on your part I think . It affirms your self comforting belief that any man who questions the modern feminist agenda is an inadequate , woman hating troglodyte . As for Pickering 's site . It has n't been stopped yet . Perhaps a government of progressive women one day can implement a Tanya Cohen Policy . Pickering is open to all comers and amongst the motley crew there there are some wise and erudite contributors who would put some of the posters here to shame .
As a final note , last night 's election result in NSW shows there is still hope for this country .
They called them The Package , because they contained so many gifts , and because people always seemed to be waiting for him . Lamar Odom would bolt unannounced from the University of Rhode Island 's campus , turn off their cell phone , and check into a hotel so they could be alone . Three days later , he 'd call head coach Jim Harrick . “ This is The Package , ” he 'd say . “ The Package has arrived. ” One of those many gifts is their charm . Everybody laughed , as if the disappearances were a quirk , and not a signal .
Last Saturday , Odom vanished again , to a brothel 70 miles northwest of Las Vegas called the Love Ranch . But in truth he 'd been gone much longer . For more than a year , NBA sources who were once close to Odom shared concerns about him . Among the laments : “ Nobody knows where they are…He wo n't return anybody 's calls ... He keeps changing their number…He says we 'll get together and they do n't follow through…I 'm worried. ” Sightings on TMZ , and at 24-Hour Fitness in L.A. 's San Fernando Valley , did little to quell the anxiety .
The world waits again for The Package , feverishly refreshing gossip websites as they lay in a coma at Sunrise Hospital in Las Vegas , tubes in their nose and cocaine reportedly in their system . Trauma has followed Odom since they were 12 and their mother died of colon cancer , sending them sprinting into the streets of Queens , until they reached Lincoln Park and shot jumpers all night . Their father was a heroin addict , so they were raised by their Grandma Mildred , who died in 2003 . Three years later , to the day , their 6-month-old son died of SIDS . Some athletes are able to push past their personal catastrophes . Odom clung to their ghosts , staring at photographs of dead relatives every morning , then scrawling their names on their sneakers in the locker room before games .
Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE via Getty Images
​
Beyond their 6'10 ” frame , their sublime handle and their joyful countenance , their misfortune became their identity . They fashioned themselves a tragic figure , buying a white Mercedes because that was the car Lloyd Daniels drove the day they met . Daniels , one of the most celebrated players ever to come out of New York , went to rehab three times , was arrested in a drug deal , and survived a shooting in another . “ People used to call me Little Lloyd , ” Odom once said , from behind the wheel of their own pearly Benz .
They experienced the worst of urban America and grassroots basketball , that familiar but devastating one-two punch . A playground prodigy , bought and sold by coaches and runners before they turned 18 , Odom attended three high schools and sparked two NCAA investigations . They declared for the draft after a year at Rhode Island—where they wore their first backpack—but then they reconsidered and tried to pull out , recognizing they are n't ready . Alas , he 'd already signed with an agent . At 21 , the Clippers made Odom a captain , and they violated the NBA 's anti-drug policy twice in eight months .
Years later , during an autograph signing at an Orange County mall , a fan presented Odom with a card from their time with the Clippers . Odom stared at the picture for a solid 20 seconds . “ Look at that , ” they cooed . “ That 's me. ” By then , they were a Laker , and four months later he 'd be a champion . But they did n't sell the story of their own transformation , perhaps because they did n't buy it . “ There 's a fine line between utopia and disaster , ” one of their high school coaches , Bob Oliva , once said . Odom tiptoed that line with their size-16 ½ high tops .
• THE CAULDRON : For Odom , basketball only thing that ever came easy
“ Be nice to everybody , ” their mother told them on their deathbed , and they followed those words like gospel . They invited D-Leaguers to expensive dinners . They paid private-school tuition for kids he 'd never met . They incurred fines for holding up the Lakers bus so they could sign more autographs . They invested in one cockamamie project after another , from the T-shirt line to the fancy restaurant . “ No was not in their vocabulary , ” an Odom confidante says . Their benevolent spirit earned them every benefit of the doubt . Questionable behavior was chalked up to loveable eccentricity . Blow off a meeting ? Oh , that 's just Lamar . Report to camp hopelessly out of shape ? Oh , that 's just Lamar . Skip out on the Mavericks following the All-Star break ? Oh , that 's just Lamar . I once heard them ask a locker-room attendant to fetch $ 60 in Red Bull . Again , Lamar .
They did n't fork over money simply because they were generous . They did it also because they were needy . They craved connection , and for a while the Kardashians provided the family they never had , until they discovered that their dynamic was nearly as dysfunctional as their own . Odom thought they were ready for the reality show and all the tabloid mania that comes with it . After all , they were a Laker , a New Yorker , famous since they were 16 . But there is a big difference between sports celebrity and Hollywood celebrity , and they underestimated the gap .
​
Andrew D. Bernstein/NBAE/Getty Images
​​
Those who know Odom best debate the thing that started their spiral : the show or The Trade . In Dec. 2011 , the Lakers sent Odom to New Orleans in a deal that netted Chris Paul . But the move was promptly vetoed by the league office , and when the Lakers tried to welcome Odom back , they recoiled . L.A. shipped them to Dallas , and the plunge began . Over two frenzied weeks in 2013 , they went missing for 72 hours , was arrested for a DUI and got into a car accident . They checked in and out of rehab . Around the NBA , where Odom is as beloved as any player , their name provoked dread . Everybody worried that the next time they heard it , the news would be worse .
They wound up in Las Vegas , appropriate , since that was the city where they entered the mainstream consciousness . They initially committed to play college basketball at UNLV—one of a thousand bad decisions—but they were kicked out before the fall semester of their first-year student year , over questions about the validity of their ACT score . Jerry DeGregorio , the man Odom calls “ my white dad , ” once said : “ Putting Lamar in Vegas is like putting Orson Welles in a bakery. ” The descriptions of Odom 's weekend at the ranch recall Nicolas Cage 's character in “ Leaving Las Vegas , ” an alcoholic who drinks themselves to death in the company of a prostitute . “ I do n't know if I started drinking ‘ cause my wife left me or my wife left me ‘ cause I started drinking , ” the character says . “ But f -- - it anyway . ”
Odom could never hurt anybody besides himself . I remember interviewing them on the Lakers practice court while E ! cameramen flitted around us , filming for the Kardashian show , in which they played Khloe 's husband and sidekick . Odom covered their mouth . “ Do you want to be on the show ? ” they whispered . “ Okay , ” I replied . “ Are you sure ? ” they asked . Leave it to Lamar Odom to ask the follow-up question that everybody should have been posing to him . Strip away the size and the handle , the addictions and the demons , and you are left with the sweetest of souls .
It 's all part of The Package .
• GALLERY : Classic photos of Lamar Odom over the years
PRESQUE ISLE , Maine — For more than a decade , Kyle Mitchell has enjoyed walking along the roadsides near their home in the Star City , collecting discarded returnables and taking them to the nearest recycling center .
“ It is a great way to make a bit of money and also save the planet at the same time , ” the 50-year-old said recently . “ I used to do it way back when I was in high school with a group of friends , and sometimes friends still come with me . ”
They said this week , however , that they are more cautious now because of the remnants of methamphetamine manufacturing that have been discovered with increasing frequency in discarded bottles along roadsides in various communities , including at least a half dozen in Aroostook County in the last month .
The Maine Drug Enforcement Agency has confirmed in several cases that the bottles contained residuals of the “ shake and bake ” method of making meth .
Commonly called the “ one pot ” method , the process uses a single sealed container that is generally flipped upside down to cause the reaction needed to turn several toxic ingredients into meth .
The materials can remain highly toxic and flammable .
Mitchell said Monday that they have never found such a bottle , but because of recent warnings such as those posted on the Aroostook County Sheriff 's Office Facebook page , they are “ much more aware ” when they are working .
“ When I was a teenager , I would just go out there with a trash bag , ” they said . “ Now , I wear a pair of gloves and actually bend down and visually inspect the bottle before I put it in the bag . I make sure it does n't have anything sticking out of it or left in the bottom of it . ”
Houlton Elementary School Principal Candace Crane said Friday afternoon that they have cautioned their students about picking up bottles alongside roads or in fields because of the dangers the items could possibly present .
“ I do n't want any of my kids out there picking up bottles because you just do n't know what is safe , ” Crane said .
The principal said they were working with the Houlton Police Department to have an officer come to the school to speak to students about the dangers these bottles present . They also plan to have photos made up so the students know what unsafe bottles may look like .
The school typically organizes a spring cleanup day around this time each year , but Crane said administrators are having second thoughts about hosting the event this year .
“ It 's a serious issue that needs to be addressed , ” Crane said of the potential dangers these bottles present .
According to Aroostook County Sheriff Darrell Crandall , bottles that were suspected of being used in the “ one pot ” meth-making method were found so frequently in April that the Aroostook County Sheriff 's Office decided to stop posting about news of its discovery on Facebook .
On April 15 , a resident of Weston found a couple of suspicious looking plastic bottles in a plastic bag beside the Harris Hill Road . Deputy Reid Clark determined that the items indeed were remnants of the meth-making method .
Three days later , according to Crandall , a caller reported finding a suspicious bottle in the ditch beside the West Ridge Road in Mars Hill , which the sheriff 's office determined to be “ methamphetamine-related trash . ”
Similarly , meth-making ingredients were identified in bottles found April 20 off McDonald Road in Littleton , April 21 off West Road in Portage , and April 24 in a ditch in Woodland .
Crandall said that the public should be careful handling bottles and if they look disfigured , burned or appear to have something in them , leave them alone and call the sheriff 's office at 800-432-7842 .
At the Bangor Redemption and Beverage Center in Bangor , Alberta Surdica , manager of the store , said that all of the employees have been cautioned to be careful about handling bottles that could have been used to make meth .
“ We let them know about the dangers of this , probably not even a month ago , ” Surdica said . “ It has been all over the news . They are well-aware , so they know to be cautious about it when handling the bottles , and they know all of the signs to look for . ”
At Parsons Street Redemption Center in Presque Isle , owner Barbara Nardone echoed Surdica 's comments .
“ We have all watched the news , so we know that methamphetamine manufacturing can be very dangerous , ” they said . “ All of our employees are trained on what to look for and what to do just in case a bottle does come in . ”
Michigan Gov . Rick Snyder advised Michigan grads to choose Detroit over Chicago `` If you want to make a difference . '' View Full Caption Bill Pugliano/Getty Images
CHICAGO — While encouraging University of Michigan students to stay in the mitten state after graduation , Michigan Gov . Rick Snyder described Chicago as a place for `` yuppies . ''
Snyder said Detroit 's future job potential should not be ignored , according to The Michigan Daily .
“ It 's one of the coolest places in the country , ” Snyder said of Detroit , according to the Daily . `` I 've told people , if you want to be another yuppie , go to Chicago . If you want to make a difference , move to Detroit . ”
Snyder should be concerned .
According to a study released last summer , 56 percent of new Cook County residents come from Michigan and many of them went to college there .
In their book `` Nothin ' But Blue Skies , '' writer and Michigan native Edward McClelland said half of Michigan State University 's grads in 2010 left Michigan , with most heading for Chicago .
The influx of people with Michigan ties into Chicago is significant , with the North Side earning the nickname `` Michago '' among the ex-pats , McClelland said .
For young Michiganders , moving to Chicago is `` the accepted endpoint of one 's educational progression : grade school , middle school , high school , college , Chicago , '' writes McClelland .
Snyder 's tweet about Chicago being for yuppies was liked by a few dozen Michiganders on Twitter , but one skeptical student replied : `` 'Yuppies ' are exactly what Detroit needs . ''
Raspberry Pi gets launched into atmosphere to take near-space pictures
The Rapsberry Pi is an impressive mini-computer we saw launch recently , and it 's already won the hearts of many . An individual from the UK named Dave Akerman was apparently looking to have a real adventure with their new Pi , so they strapped the gadget to a weather balloon for it to be sent up into Earth 's atmosphere to take pictures from near-space . And it actually did quite well . The photos can be viewed on Akerman 's Flickr account .
Akerman saw that the Pi had had a USB port offering fast and easy access to a webcam , so they could obtain live images sent down to them from the payload . Dubbed the “ Raspberry Pi In The Sky ” project , the weather balloon reached about 40 kilometers before bursting , which is not bad since most balloons carrying small loads like tracking devices or sensors for temperature and pressure can reach altitudes of about 30 kilometers or so .
Akerman admitted that there were a lot of challenges faced along the way , including the obviously harsh environment from reaching near-space , which has less than one percent atmosphere with temperatures dropping down to -50 degrees Celsius . The Pi itself also had its own set of challenges to work with , which included an SD card , power requirements and operating system .
You can check out Akerman 's launch video below and their blog post here .
[ via WebProNews ]
Rather than offer one of these programs , servicers often suggest loan forbearance , in which the borrower stops making payments temporarily . But because interest keeps piling up on the loan during the forbearance period , this is an expensive alternative . And some private student loan servicers charge a $ 150 fee to put an account into forbearance .
Servicers say the complexity of federal student loan arrangements creates problems both for their workers who must try to explain these deals and for borrowers who need to understand them .
But servicers receive $ 600 million a year for their work , and explaining loan terms is surely one of the jobs they are being paid to perform . “ For a servicer to see a student loan borrower struggle and not help them get into the right repayment plan is a huge customer service failure , ” Ms. Wang said .
It is also a taxpayer risk , given that such practices raise a borrower 's potential to default .
Mr. Wittwer , who lives in Philadelphia , said they had encountered difficulties with some of their loan payments even though they arranged for them to be deducted automatically from their bank account last year .
“ After six or seven months , I get a late notice for my federal loans and I go in to my bank and double-check that the loan was being paid , ” they said . “ My loans had been transferred to another office , but the original office had kept collecting it . ”
It took about a month to fix the problem , Mr. Wittwer said . “ You have to be hypervigilant about it because student loans are constantly being sold and moved . ”
Ms. Dundon of the Center for Responsible Lending said that the Education Department had fixed some of the problems in its servicing contracts but that financial incentives were still misaligned in certain areas . For example , service companies receive more money if the loans they oversee are being paid off , and less if borrowers stop paying . While this system encourages servicers to keep borrowers current — a good thing — it discourages them from working with borrowers who fall behind .
In 47 of 50 cities in 2018 , the cost of Obamacare 's lowest-priced plan would be deemed `` unaffordable '' by the Affordable Care Act 's own definition , according to a study from eHealth , Inc .
Under the Affordable Care Act , health insurance becomes unaffordable when the lowest-cost plan costs more than 8.16 percent of a household 's gross income . Usually people who fall in this category can get an exemption from paying Obamacare 's individual mandate .
`` Government subsidies are available to people earning up to 400 percent of the federal poverty level , but middle-income households earning 401 percent or more of the federal poverty level are not eligible for subsidy assistance , '' eHealth explains .
The study evaluated families with two adults and one child in 50 cities who were paying the lowest-price plan in 2017 . The study then applied a 10 percent increase to premiums to project the rates seen in 2018 and found that in 47 of those cities , coverage would be unaffordable . The increase that the study projected was moderate , since many have estimated that premiums could increase by as much as 20 percent next year .
In addition , these families would need to incur an extra $ 28,939 before the plan became affordable . On average , a family of three would have to earn a six-figure salary—or $ 110,823.32—for coverage to be affordable .
Click for more from The Washington Free Beacon .
The year began last Friday with a match against Temple , which Oregon won in three straight sets . Saturday saw a doubleheader against St. John 's and Navy in the Temple Invitational . Against St. John 's , the Ducks were off to a fast start and a 25-12 first set win . They did n't look back . Their toughest set saw them down in the third 19-15 , but they came back to win the match and win nine straight to take three games over the weekend . Martenne Bettendorf suffered an ankle injury against St. John 's and sat out the match against Navy .
Oregon came out hitting and look to get into the Top Ten when the polls come out on Tuesday . They hit .315 while holding their opponents this weekend to .038 . The road trip continues for the Oregon Ducks this week with trips to LIU in Brooklyn and George Washington in Washington DC on Monday and Tuesday .
Arsene Wenger 's two decade reign at The Emirates Stadium looks set to end when their contract runs out at the end of the season . They are yet to be offered an extension amid suggestions that they will stand aside and Allegri 's representatives have been locked in talks with Arsenal hierarchy . The Sunday Express understand that those discussions are at an advanced stage but no agreement has yet been reached .
GETTY Arsene Wenger looks set to stand down as Arsenal boss this summer
GETTY Massimiliano Allegri is in advanced discussions with Arsenal to become the next manager
Juventus is on course for a hat trick of Serie A titles under Allegri who has until March to inform the Italian giants about their plans for next season . Allegri began to look at their options after having a huge bust up with some of Juve 's biggest stars after they crashed out of the Italian Super Cup . They are used to working within a budget and would relish going head to head with Chelsea boss Antonio Conte who they replaced in Turin .
Twitter reacts as Arsene Wenger is charged for misconduct during Burnley clash Mon , January 23 , 2017 Express Sport brings you all the best tweets as fans react to Arsene Wenger 's misconduct charge during Arsenal 's win over Burnley Play slideshow SKY SPORTS 1 of 10 Fans react to Arsene Wenger 's misconduct charge
Google announced YouTube TV just a few weeks ago , and now it 's available ... sort of . Those of you in one of the select launch markets can sign up for YouTube TV right now . The first round of YouTube TV cities includes Chicago , Los Angeles , New York City , Philadelphia , and the San Francisco Bay Area . Everyone else can only look on in envy .
In case you ca n't quite recall the details , YouTube TV is a live TV streaming service with more than 40 channels , including local ones . If you are one of the lucky few with access , the service costs $ 35 per month and includes up to six accounts per subscription . There are also some premium add-ons like Showtime . YouTube TV includes unlimited online DVR storage , however your recordings are only stored for nine months .
The tie-in with local broadcasters is probably the reason for the limited rollout . Google will have to figure out all the specifics in each market to make YouTube TV available . Once you 're signed up , YouTube TV works on all your devices including phones , tablets , and computers . There 's also Chromecast support in the app . That app is live in the Play Store , but device support is lacking . It 'll probably be opened up soon , but in the meantime we 've got it on APK Mirror as well .
Unless you 're a committed cog in the Colorado GOP machine , chances are you 've never participated in the state 's early voting process . To many , it can be confusing . This presidential year you might be even more confused because Republican leaders in Colorado canceled their traditional presidential preference poll at the March 1 precinct caucuses . What 's that mean exactly ? We 'll get to that . But one thing it does n't mean is that presidential politics wo n't play at least some role during the local party get-togethers taking place March 1 . And besides , there are a whole bunch of other important local and state elections to worry about .
So if you 're a young Republican , new to Colorado , or are just thinking about participating in your first caucus this year , here 's what you need to know . ( Democrats can click here for a similar story about their own caucuses . )
Democrats are holding an official straw poll for president at the March 1 caucuses , so why are n't Republicans ?
In August , GOP leaders in Colorado chose not to hold a traditional presidential preference poll on March 1 . Why ? They did n't want to tie the hands of delegates who will go to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland . Party officials said new rules by the RNC would bind Colorado delegates to the candidates who won the straw polls going into Cleveland . They wanted our GOP delegates to be free agents , so they scrapped the poll . It 's disputed whether the rules would have bound delegates to a candidate if that candidate dropped out , and there was a time when some party people called for the GOP to re-instate the straw poll , but that did n't happen . So this means there wo n't be any official presidential straw polls at neighborhood caucuses across Colorado on March 1 . Not everyone is happy about it , for sure , but the move did n't lead to a complete meltdown . Party officials point out that the vote was unanimous among an executive committee that is a good mix of Tea Party liberty-types and establishment Republicans .
For their part , Colorado Republican Party Chairman Steve House downplays the significance of nixing the straw poll . They describe previous ones merely as “ media events. ” In 2008 , for example , Mitt Romney won it in Colorado , while John McCain went on to become the nominee . And in 2012 Rick Santorum won in Colorado , and , like Romney , did n't get the nomination .
“ So Colorado picked these two guys , they did n't get any delegates because of it [ and ] delegates are not bound in a caucus process , ” House says . “ The only way they would be is if we had a presidential primary , and this state does not do a presidential primary . So we decided this year— we had the option to do a straw poll and bind our delegates— and through lots of discussion back in August the executive committee made the decision not to bind the delegates and hold the straw poll because it just was n't sensible in an election year that we potentially will have a convention with multiple candidates on the first ballot . We did n't want to be bound . ”
So are the March 1 , 2016 GOP caucuses important beyond presidential politics ?
Oh , yes . And if you want to see steam shoot out the ears of a Republican Party leader in Colorado , try to say otherwise .
The precinct caucuses are about party building , and there 's much to be done at the local level during these neighborhood political gatherings . Registered Republican voters will help select their neighbors to positions of power in the party structure . They 'll help form the state 's Republican organization for the next two years by electing precinct captains , district captains , and other positions on up to convention delegates .
The caucuses are also a place where you can meet candidates for local and state office , and also just get a sense of what 's going on politically .
“ I call it the grassiest of roots , ” says Denver GOP County Chair Sue Moore . “ If you want to get involved and you want to know what 's happening , that 's the place where it all starts . ”
In Elbert County , for instance , the area is so heavily Republican that the races for two open seats on the county commission are likely to be decided in the GOP primary , says Tom Peterson who heads up the Elbert County GOP . “ So that is one strong draw ” for the precinct caucuses , they say .
In Boulder , the new county Republican Party chair there , Peg Cage , says she 's heard concern in the past that some people just showed up to the caucuses during presidential election years so they could hit the straw poll and then split , blowing off the local stuff altogether . They wonder if perhaps not having a presidential poll this time around will bring out those who are more committed .
I 've been a registered Colorado Republican , but I 've never participated in this process . What are these ‘ precinct caucuses ' happening on March 1 ?
These are neighborhood events that take place at the homes of local party leaders , or in community centers , schools or churches near where you live . You 'll show up and hear speeches from candidates ( or their supporters ) for state , local and national office , depending on your location . This year there 's a very contentious GOP primary for U.S. Senate in the race against Democrat Michael Bennet , so that will likely be a big focal point .
Most importantly , though , in most counties caucus-goers will be electing delegates to the next level , which is the county convention . Some counties might take an unofficial straw poll to see where local Republicans stand on the current announced crop of GOP candidates for U.S. Senate . But that 's really a county-by-county thing . Douglas County , for instance , has a tradition of doing straw polls for all statewide elections . Other counties might just stick to the local stuff .
But will there be any talk about the 2016 presidential race at the March 1 precinct caucuses in Colorado ?
Of course . There will be more than one Republican in a room , so yeah , presidential politics is going to come up .
“ They will be talking about the Republican candidates for president . They just wo n't be taking a preference poll , ” says Colorado GOP Chairman Steve House .
Now , some counties might actually take unofficial straw polls for president anyway just to see where people stand . But these polls will not be sanctioned by the state or national party . County party officials might even put the numbers out on social media , but there wo n't be an official count by the Colorado GOP .
Sedgwick County Republican Party Chairwoman Claudine Kappius says they hate the presidential straw poll , so she 's fine with not having one this time around . “ I think it 's the worst thing that anybody ever tried to do , ” they say . They clarified that they meant the poll just did n't have much value to them The GOP candidates whom Colorado caucus-goers chose in recent elections , they said , did n't become the nominee .
In Pueblo , county GOP chairperson George Rivera does n't think not having a presidential straw poll this year will affect turnout . They have n't decided whether the Pueblo County GOP will do an unofficial one yet , but they believe enough Republicans are galvanized by the political moment to bring them out to the 2016 caucuses .
“ They 're pretty upset with what 's going on with the country , ” they said . “ People are upset and they 're motived … I just think we 're going to have more involvement than we have had in the past … I think people still want to have their voices heard and express at least where they 're at . ”
OK , I 'm going to the caucuses . How do I know when and where to show up ?
Sometime in the next week or so the state party will have a link on its website where voters can register to avoid lines on caucus night . Registered Republican voters can sign in online to register at the state party website , but can also just show up without registering online . If you pre-register online the party will e-mail you your caucus location .
Back to presidential politics for a minute . It 's 2016— a presidential election year ! Will March 1 have any bearing on the presidential race for Colorado Republicans ?
Yes , in a way .
If you go to a Republican precinct caucus on March 1 , you 'll be helping elect delegates to the next level . The levels after the March 1 precinct caucuses are the congressional conventions and the state convention . These delegates selected March 1 at the precinct caucuses are people who will eventually go on to make up 34 of the state GOP 's 37 delegates at the national convention held later this year in Cleveland . So if you have a favorite presidential candidate , you 'll want to make sure you elect delegates who also support that candidate . And plenty of the presidential campaigns are trying to figure out the best strategy for getting their candidate help in Colorado on March 1 .
But delegates are n't bound to a candidate even though they say they might support someone , right ?
So this is interesting . That 's technically correct— only if someone trying to get selected as a delegate to the national convention does n't pledge their support for a candidate in writing on what 's called an intention-to-run form . If they do opt to put a candidate 's name on this form then the delegate is bound to that candidate when and if they get to Cleveland , says Colorado Republican Party director Ryan Lynch .
But these potential delegates do n't even have to fill out this form until after the March 1 caucuses . So , on March 1 , could some Republicans running to become a delegate to the national convention promise to name a presidential candidate on their form as part of a strategy to get elected as a delegate ? Sure .
So some Colorado delegates might end up bound to a candidate when they get to Cleveland ?
“ It 's possible , ” says the Colorado GOP 's director Lynch .
But it all comes down to strategy . If a presidential campaign thinks its candidate is super popular in Colorado they might tell their supporters who are running to become national delegates to indicate that they 're supporting that candidate . If a different campaign does n't think they have that much support here , perhaps they 'll urge their supporters running to become delegates to run as an unbound delegate — a free agent .
“ It 's going to be individual strategies by each campaign depending on how they go about doing it , ” Lynch says , adding that presidential campaigns are calling the state party daily to try and better understand the caucus system on March 1 and how they can devise a strategy from there .
So March 1 is the first step in a long game when it coms to the 2016 race for the White House . Presidential contenders are going to want their supporters elected each step of the way so the voting body ( the delegates to the congressional and state conventions ) are stacked with supporters of their candidate .
But the national convention is a long way off . And anything could happen before then . Candidates could and likely will drop out .
And meanwhile , there are local issues that can affect voters ' lives perhaps even more than who wins the presidential nomination , says Garfield County GOP Chairmain Dave Merritt . Every member of the Colorado House of Representatives is up for re-election this year , as is half the state Senate . In Garfield County , for instance , there are two races for county commissioner . “ So all those , frankly , are at least as important to individuals at the local level as trying to influence the presidential election , ” they say .
So if I 'm not a diehard , party-building type , but I 'm still a registered Republican and I want to participate , why should I spend time on March 1 to caucus ?
Other than that it just might be your duty as a registered voter in a major political party to participate in local elections and make your voice heard about who should represent you and your party ?
Well , if you want to nationalize it , if you have a favorite Republican candidate for the White House who you want to see nominated by the Republican Party , then you can get in on the ground floor early to find out who of your local potential delegates are also in your corner . And , most importantly , you yourself can run to become a delegate .
Another big reason to get involved this time is to hep decide who could run against Bennett for U.S. Senate . In April , only three GOP candidates out of the dozen or so who have announced they 're running will make it out of the state convention . That 's because a candidate needs to crack 30 percent of the delegate vote in order to get on the GOP primary ballot for U.S. Senate .
“ You very much can have an impact whether you run for delegate or you elect delegates who support candidates that you like , ” at the March 1 caucuses , says Lynch . “ Your vote goes so much further in a caucus process simply by showing up . ”
Photo credit : DonkeyHotey on Flickr
And most important of all , it 's a total hoot . I played it yesterday , and have compiled a list of reasons why you really should give it a go . Because I 'm good like that .
One Weapon , one tool , immense possibilities
In The Ball , much like in Portal , you have but a single technological toy with which to do everything . And despite its seemingly limited abilities , its simple mechanics are a conduit to a whole raft of mind-bending environmental puzzling .
Trapped in the remains of a subterranean Incan-style civilisation , you immediately find a kind of clockwork-and-magic-powered gravity gun . The catch ? Your new tool , a short-range energy punch aside , will only interact with the giant metal ball you find a moment later .
A right click pulls it towards you from anywhere it might be in the environment , and a chargeable left click boosts it ahead . By holding onto it you can roll it around in front of you wherever you may travel . And that 's it . Thus , the ball is the long arm of your will , able to hit distant switches , fill spikey pits o ' death with a sturdy , if unstable , walking surface , shield you from incoming fire , and squash enemies flat in gloriously messy insta-gib fashion .
From there , The Ball 's gameplay shoots off in a multitude of interesting directions . Later on , you can dunk the ball in oil and use it to paint a trail of flammable goop around the floor , trapping soon-to-be flambéed enemies and triggering otherwise unreachable explosives alike . It can also grow spikes , conduct electricity , and be tied to objects , allowing you to drag around previously immovable parts of the environment . But whatever new properties it picks up along the way , the ways in which you use them remain the same . Grab , roll , fire . That 's all you 'll ever need to understand .
It just wants you to have fun
The Ball knows it has a good concept and it does n't want anything to get in the way of that . Thus , it lets it shine without interference or complication . Combat always takes second billing to environmental puzzling , meaning that this is a game without pressure or panic . The real enjoyment comes from thinking your way around each challenge , and from the simple fun of manipulating your big spherical friend 's instinctive and immediately accessible physics .
In sympathy with this , the game 's pacing and ambience , despite the subterranean surroundings , are light , airy and upbeat . Puzzles play out just long enough for a sharp shot of stimulation and reward , and then it 's straight on to the next one . The environment , although enclosed , is a constant eye-pleaser , thanks to some creative clockwork steampunk design and the Unreal Engine 3 's proficiency in making caves look really rather beautiful .
And the sound design is great , the subtle Incan music providing swathes of atmosphere without ever feeling oppressive . Even the sound of the rolling ball , which you 'll hear a hell of a lot , is soft and soothing enough to never grate . A minor miracle , given the teeth shattering annoyance it could have been .
Navigating puzzles is as instinctive as sneezing
The hardest part of designing an action-puzzle game is the signposting . Making an environmental conundrum taxing enough to intrigue but clear enough to solve is an unsung balancing act of cryptic plotting and benevolent visual design . The Zelda games have it nailed . Portal has it down , in a slightly more arcane manner . And The Ball has it absolutely sorted .
Walk into a room , have a quick scan of the furniture and objectives , and you 'll be straight in to solving them . The answer might not always be immediately apparent , but the objects and signifiers will all be in clear line of sight , in a layout that draws an immediately comprehensible chain of cause and effect . Again , there are no barriers to you just getting involved and having fun as quickly as possible .
The separate challenge mode is brainy but brutal
Aside from the main story campaign , which we 've been told should take around six hours to complete , there 's also a set of separate survival stages . These beastly buggers set you in an enclosed but large and complex environment set up for tactical combat , and send waves of progressively tough enemies after you . They 'll track you down from all angles , so it will take constant adaptation and improvised use of both ball and surroundings to wipe them all out and live .
Aside from the ball 's surprisingly versatile abilities – the steamroller approach is good , but we much preferred to boomerang it out behind the mooks and squash them by yanking it back as they made a beeline for our beautiful face – the arenas are packed with deathtraps you can trigger either directly or with the use of your big rolling deathbringer . Spike traps and explosives are all over the place in these twisting , turning killhouses , and with combo bonuses available for big chains of smackdown , this mode could turn into quite the addictive diversion , even if it is never as arresting as the main campaign .
As mentioned up top , The Ball is out today on Steam , priced $ 19.99/£17.99 . Check it out via Valve 's magical game delivery service , and take a look at developer Teotl Studios'sitefor more info and media .
Virtual Switching System ( VSS ) is a method to combine two physical switches into one logical switch to achieve physical redundancy , Spanning-Tree blocking elimination , and increased bandwidth . VSS was first available in Cisco 6500 but it has recently been introduced to Cisco 4500 and 4500X . This article provides configuration that will allow you to easily enable VSS on these switches .
Background Information
While a similar technology ( Multi-Chassis Etherchannel , MEC ) exists in Nexus datacenter switches known as vPC , the Nexus switches only appear to other adjacent switches as one switch across L2 links while maintaining two separate control planes and management points . VSS actually does a better job of emulating a single switch with one active , and one ( or more ) standby control plane allowing it to fully support a dual-homed L3 routed link . If you are familiar with Cisco Stackwise technology in 3750/3850 switches , VSS is probably more comparable to those except VSS only supports up to two switches and instead of using Stackwise cables , it uses multiple 10G links for interconnecting switches ( ie . VSL ) .
VSS on Cisco 6500
Requirements
Virtual Switching Supervisor 720-10GE ( VS-S720-10GE-3C and VS-S720-10GE-3CXL ) with IOS 12.2 ( 33 ) SXH1 and IP Base
or Supervisor 2T ( VS-S2T-10G and VS-S2T-10G-XL ) with IOS 12.2 ( 50 ) SY and IP Base
Note : Please check Cisco documentation for more detail
Cabling Between Chassis
Minimum of two 10Gbps links with at least one on the Supervisor
Minimum of one ( more is recommended ) 1Gbps or 10Gbps links for dual-active detection
Dual Active Detection Method
There are three available options ; BFD , Fast Hello , Enhanced PAgP . EPAgP requires a downstream switch that is EPAgP-capable , which is sometime hard to find . BFD requires an IP address to be configured on the interface . Here we choose to use Fast Hello , although more than one method can be configured .
Configuration Steps :
Make sure all cabling between two switches are completed before proceeding
On Switch 1
1 . Set switch number to 1
! switch set switch_num 1 local switch read switch_num local ! confirm 1 is returned !
2 . Configure virtual domain then save config
! configure terminal switch virtual domain 1 switch 1 mac-address use-virtual ! optional but recommended ! do wr mem !
3 . Configure VSL links .
! interface Port-channel 1 desc -- - To Switch 2 VSL -- - switchport switch virtual link 1 no shut ! interface range TenGigabitEthernetx/x-y ! modify as necessary channel-group 1 mode on no shutdown ! do wr mem exit !
4 . Convert switch to VSS mode . Confirm and switch will reload
! switch convert mode virtual !
On Switch 2
1 . Set switch number to 2
! switch set switch_num 2 local switch read switch_num local ! confirm 2 is returned !
2 . Configure virtual domain then save config
! configure terminal switch virtual domain 1 switch 2 mac-address use-virtual ! optional but recommended ! do wr mem !
3 . Configure VSL links .
! interface Port-channel 2 ! must be different number from switch 1 desc -- - To Switch 1 VSL -- - switchport switch virtual link 2 no shut ! interface range TenGigabitEthernetx/x-y ! modify as necessary channel-group 2 modes on no shutdown ! do wr mem exit !
4 . Convert switch to VSS mode . Confirm and switch will reload
! switch convert mode virtual !
Wait until switch 2 comes back and join VSS
You can only make config changes on the active supervisor now
On the active switch
1 . Adjust switch priority
! configure terminal switch virtual domain 1 switch 1 priority 110 switch 2 priority 100 !
2 . Configure dual-active detection
! switch virtual domain 1 dual-active detection fast-hello ! interface ra GigabitEthernet1/x/x ! modify as necessary desc -- - VSL Fast Hello -- - dual-active fast-hello no shutdown ! interface ra GigabitEthernet2/x/x ! modify as necessary desc -- - VSL Fast Hello -- - dual-active fast-hello no shutdown exit ! show switches virtual dual-active fast-hello ! verify !
VSS on Cisco 4500/4500X
Requirements
Supervisor Engine 7-E ( WS-X45-Sup7-E ) ( IP Base )
Or Supervisor Engine 7L-E ( WS-X45-Sup7L-E ) ( Enterprise Services )
Or 4500X Switch Family ( IP Base )
Minimum IOS XE 3.4.xSG
IOS XE 3.5.0E for L3 MEC and Fast Hello Dual-Active Detection support ( Recommended )
Note : Please check Cisco documentation for more detail
Cabling Between Chassis
Minimum of two 10Gbps links with at least one on the Supervisor ( 4500 Only )
Minimum of one ( more is recommended ) 1Gbps or 10Gbps links for dual-active detection
Dual Active Detection Method
Only Enhanced PAgP used to be supported but , as of 3.5.0E , Fast Hello is made available . EPAgP requires a downstream switch that is EPAgP-capable , which is sometime hard to find . Here we choose to use Fast Hello , although more than one method can be configured .
Configuration Steps :
Make sure all cabling between two switches are completed before proceeding
On Switch 1
1 . Configure virtual domain then save config
! configure terminal switch virtual domain 1 switch 1 mac-address use-virtual ! optional but recommended ! do wr mem !
2 . Configure VSL links .
! interface Port-channel 1 desc -- - To Switch 2 VSL -- - switchport switch virtual link 1 no shut ! interface range TenGigabitEthernetx/x-y ! modify as necessary channel-group 1 mode on no shutdown ! do wr mem exit
3 . Convert switch to VSS mode . Confirm and switch will reload
! switch convert mode virtual !
On Switch 2
1 . Configure virtual domain then save config
! configure terminal switch virtual domain 1 switch 2 mac-address use-virtual ! optional but recommended ! do wr mem !
2 . Configure VSL links .
! interface Port-channel 2 ! must be different number from switch 1 desc -- - To Switch 1 VSL -- - switchport switch virtual link 2 no shut ! interface range TenGigabitEthernetx/x-y ! modify as necessary channel-group 2 modes on no shutdown ! do wr mem exit !
3 . Convert switch to VSS mode . Confirm and switch will reload
! switch convert mode virtual !
Wait until switch 2 comes back and join VSS
You can only make config changes on the active supervisor/switch now
On the active switch
1 . Adjust switch priority
! configure terminal switch virtual domain 1 switch 1 priority 110 switch 2 priority 100 !
2 . Configure dual-active detection
Mary Bono ( née Whitaker and formerly Mary Bono Mack , born October 24 , 1961 ) is a former U.S. Representative for California 's 45th congressional district , and previously the 44th , serving from 1998 to 2013 . They were first elected to Congress to replace their late husband , Sonny Bono , who had died months before . They are a member of the Republican Party . Bono 's district was based in Palm Springs and included most central and eastern Riverside County . They sat on the Energy and Commerce Committee , and was Chairwoman for the Subcommittee on Commerce , Manufacturing and Trade .
Bono was defeated in their bid for reelection in 2012 by Dr. Raul Ruiz . They are , at the time , the sole female Republican in California 's congressional delegation , and until Congresswoman Mimi Walters was elected in November 2014 , no other female Republican was part of the delegation .
On March 19 , 2013 , Bono announced they were joining Washington , D.C.-based federal affairs firm Faegre Baker Daniels Consulting as senior vice president . [ 1 ] Now a principal , they focus their government advocacy and consulting practice there on legislative , regulatory and policy matters related to the entertainment , media and information technology sectors . They also are a nationally recognized advocate for drug abuse prevention and treatment .
In the wake of the Michigan State University sex abuse scandal and the Deborah Daniels report as a result , Bono was named on October 12 , 2018 as the interim president and chief executive officer of USA Gymnastics . [ 2 ] They resigned four days later , following criticism over their previous role as a lobbyist for USA Gymnastics and for them marking out the Nike logo on their sneakers and their support for Colin Kaepernick . [ 3 ]
Bono is married to former astronaut and retired Navy rear admiral Stephen S . Oswald . [ 4 ]
Early life and career [ edit ]
Bono was born Mary Whitaker in Cleveland , Ohio , the daughter of Karen Lee ( née Taylor ) , a chemist , and Dr. Clay Westerfield Whitaker , a physician and World War II veteran . In 1963 , the family moved to South Pasadena , California . [ 5 ]
They graduated from the University of Southern California in 1984 [ 6 ] with a bachelor of arts in art history . They were an accomplished gymnast in their youth . [ 7 ]
In 1986 , they married actor/singer Sonny Bono and moved to Palm Springs where the two operated a restaurant they owned . [ 6 ] Sonny Bono served as Mayor of Palm Springs from 1988 to 1992 before being elected to Congress in 1994 . [ 8 ] Sonny Bono died in a skiing accident on January 5 , 1998 .
In 1998 , before they were elected to the Congress , they strongly supported the Copyright Term Extension Act .
Subsequently , they won the Republican nomination for the special election to succeed them in what was then the 44th District . They then won in the special election held on April 7 , 1998 . They won a full term later that same year , in November 1998 . They were re-elected six more times from this district , which was renumbered as the 45th after the 2000 census . Before 2012 , their only close race was in 2010 , when former Palm Springs mayor Steve Pougnet held them to 52 percent of the vote .
After the 2010 census , however , their district was renumbered as the 36th District and made somewhat more Democratic . In a significant upset , Democratic challenger Raul Ruiz , a physician , defeated them with 53 percent of the vote to Bono Mack 's 47.1 percent . [ 9 ]
As a principal at Faegre Baker Daniels Consulting , Bono advises clients on telecommunications , energy , health care , land management and water policy sectors , as well as strategic communications . They work with telecommunications companies to `` develop thoughtful policies that grow the Internet economy and maximize broadband networks throughout the U.S. '' [ 10 ] In June 2013 , a group of leading telecommunications firms announced formation of the 21st Century Privacy Coalition , which focuses on updating U.S. privacy and data security laws . Mary Bono and Jon Leibowitz , former Federal Trade Commission chairperson , were named co-chairs of the coalition . [ 11 ]
In June 2013 , Bono helped lead expansion of Faegre Baker Daniels and Faegre Baker Daniels Consulting into Silicon Valley , in their home state of California . Bono leads Faegre Baker Daniels Consulting 's focus on information technology services in Silicon Valley while operating primarily from the firm 's Washington , D.C . office . [ 12 ]
In 2018 they were interim CEO of USA Gymnastics for 3 days .
Congressional career [ edit ]
Bono , c. 2007
Mary Bono served in Congress for 15 years , where they worked on legislation and issues related to intellectual property , energy , health , telecommunications , privacy and more . Them legislative work includes a bill that calls for country-of-origin labeling for fresh fruits and vegetables , as well as several energy-saving bills to reward companies for utilizing clean burning fuel technologies and increase the energy-efficiency of federal buildings . In 2000 , Bono helped pass legislation that established the Santa Rosa and San Jacinto Mountains National Monument in the Palm Springs region . The House of Representatives passed them Securely Protect Yourself Against Cyber Trespass ( SPY ACT ) , which would protect an individual 's personal information on the Web . Bono secured federal recognition of Frank Sinatra Day , which was to be every subsequent May 13 . Also , Bono has sponsored legislation that provides funding for obesity studies and improved nutrition programs nationwide , autism research , and Federal funding under the Ryan White HIV/AIDS Act . [ 13 ] In 2011 , their bill , H.R . 2715 , was signed into law with bipartisan support to amend and improve the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 . [ 14 ] The daughter of a veteran , Bono also played a key role in creation of much-needed VA clinics in Blythe and Palm Desert , California . [ 15 ]
National Journal gave Bono a 60 % composite conservative score and a 40 % compositive liberal score based on their 2012 voting record . [ 16 ] Bono followed the Republican Party line 89 % of the time , according to Congressional Quarterly . [ citation needed ] In 2004 , they received an 84 % approval rating from the Christian Coalition of America , but this fell to 33 % in 2008 . [ 17 ] In 1999 , they voted in favor of the Largent Amendment to ban adoption by same-sex couples in Washington , D.C. [ citation needed ] Bono has , however , voted twice against the Federal Marriage Amendment which would have banned same-sex marriage . They are pro-choice and NARAL Pro-Choice America gave them a 100 % rating in 2012 . [ 16 ] In June 2009 , they voted for the American Clean Energy and Security Act , which would have implemented a national cap and trade system for greenhouse gas emissions . [ 18 ] In December 2010 , they were one of fifteen Republican House members to vote in favor of repealing the United States military 's `` Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell '' ban on openly homosexual service members . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] In 2013 , after losing reelection , Bono was a signatory to an amicus curiae brief submitted to the Supreme Court in support of same-sex marriage during the Hollingsworth v. Perry case . [ 21 ]
In 1998 , Bono was added to the House Judiciary Committee by the Republican leadership in anticipation of the consideration of impeachment proceedings against President Clinton , thus becoming the only Republican woman on the committee . [ 22 ] Bono voted along party lines on all four motions for impeachment in both the committee and on the House floor , [ 23 ] [ 24 ] despite other moderate Republican House members voting against Articles II , III , and IV . [ 24 ]
They have received numerous awards from such organizations as Americans for Tax Reform , National Federation of Independent Businesses , the National Association of Manufacturers , and the SunLine Transit Agency for their support of alternative fuel technologies . [ 13 ] They signed the Taxpayer Protection Pledge . [ 25 ]
Committee assignments [ edit ]
Bono was chairperson of the House Energy Subcommittee on Commerce , Manufacturing and Trade . This committee debates legislation related to intellectual property , telecommunications , energy and healthcare . They were the first Republican woman to chair this subcommittee . They were co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on Prescription Drug Abuse . [ 26 ] In 2012 , they formed and chaired the House Women 's Policy Committee , which included 24 female Republican lawmakers from 17 states . [ 27 ]
Caucus memberships [ edit ]
America Supports You Caucus
Intellectual Property Promotion and Piracy Prevention Caucus ( Co-Chair )
International Conservation Caucus
Recording Arts and Sciences Caucus ( Co-Chair )
Congressional Hispanic Conference { associate member }
Republican Main Street Partnership
Advocacy and causes [ edit ]
Bono is a leading advocate for drug abuse prevention and treatment . At the Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America 's ( CADCA ) 15th Annual Drug-Free Kids Dinner , Tom Reddin , vice-chair of the 2013 Drug-Free Kids Campaign , introduced her :
We all know and respect Mary Bono for their commitment to drug abuse prevention , treatment and recovery . Specifically , Mary drew national attention to prescription drug abuse and made it a major focus before it was ever named an epidemic . They served as co-chairperson of a congressional caucus on prescription drug abuse and the Youth Drug Prevention Caucus . Now Mary represents a wide array of interests as senior vice president for Faegre Baker Daniels Consulting , but , she 's also staying very active on the drug issue as a board member of CADCA . [ 28 ]
In addition to serving on CADCA 's board , Bono is the honorary chairperson of Mothers Against Prescription Drug Abuse [ 29 ] and the honorary chair of Rally2Recovery . [ 30 ] They have spoken and presented awards at numerous events in support of prevention and recovery , including the Association of Recovery Schools Conference , America Honors Recovery , Recovery for Life Gala and the Annual Drug-Free Kids Campaign Awards Dinner . [ 31 ]
Bono serves on the Tribute Committee of the Navy SEAL Foundation , which focuses on honoring SEALs and supporting their families . [ 32 ]
Media coverage [ edit ]
In August 2013 , Bono was a panelist at the National Journal 's Women 2020 event and discussed their experiences as a woman in Congress and work that still needs to be done regarding gender equality . [ 33 ]
They have been the subject of numerous profiles for a wide array of publications and television shows , including People , Capital Style , Elle , Entertainment Tonight , Esquire , George , Good Housekeeping , Hello ! , Ladies ' Home Journal , and PBS . Bono 's national profile increased significantly in 1998 when they sat on the House Judiciary panel to consider impeachment articles against Bill Clinton . [ 34 ]
They were named one of the `` Most Fascinating Women of 1998 '' by Ladies ' Home Journal magazine in conjunction with CBS Television . They were also selected by the former George magazine as one of the 20 most fascinating women in politics . In 2008 , they were named the `` Seventh Hottest Politician in the World '' by Maxim .
Personal life [ edit ]
In 1986 , they married actor/singer Sonny Bono and moved to Palm Springs where the two operated a restaurant they owned . Sonny Bono served as Mayor of Palm Springs from 1988 to 1992 before being elected to Congress in 1994 . During their marriage to Sonny Bono , Mary took courses in Scientology but never took to the religion . After Bono 's death in 1998 , they began dating Brian Prout , drummer of the country music band Diamond Rio . [ 35 ] The two became engaged in 2001 but did not marry . [ 36 ] [ 37 ]
In 2001 , they married Wyoming business person Glenn Baxley about 18 months after they met in Mexico . They filed for divorce in 2005 . [ 38 ] On December 15 , 2007 , Bono married Congressman Connie Mack IV ( R-FL ) in Asheville , North Carolina . [ 39 ] In May 2013 , the couple announced they had separated on amicable terms and divorced later that month . [ 40 ]
In September 2015 , Bono married former astronaut and retired Navy rear admiral Stephen S . Oswald . [ 4 ]
Mary Bono has a son born in 1988 , and a daughter born in 1991 , from their marriage to Sonny Bono . In addition to their family , Bono has interests in music and outdoor activities such as hiking and camping . In the April 2008 edition of Golf for Women magazine , they were listed as `` one of the 50 most powerful women who play golf . `` [ 41 ]
After attending a lecture by mountaineer-turned-humanitarian Greg Mortenson , Bono worked with them to aid their efforts to build schools for girls in the mountainous regions of Pakistan . Bono is quoted in Mortenson 's book Three Cups of Tea as saying `` I 've learned more from Greg Mortenson about the causes of terrorism than during all our briefings on Capitol Hill . `` [ 42 ]
See also [ edit ]
Here are the decklists from the top-16 in the Hearthstone EU Spring Prelims in 2016 ! The top-8 players will be moving on to the Hearthstone EU Spring Winter Championships !
AKAWonder probably has the most unusual set of decks , they brought 3 different C'Thun decks and an N'Zoth Paladin !
Hearthstone EU Spring Prelim Information
Unique/Different Decks
If you want even more decks from the tournament , check out a bunch more right here .
Hearthstone EU Spring Prelims – Advancing/Qualifying Top-8 Players
These are the players that are moving on to the Hearthstone EU Spring Championship Tournament !
AKAWonder 's Decks
Casie 's Decks
Crane333 's Decks
Georgec 's Decks
Iner 's Decks
Loyan 's Decks
Thijs ' Decks
Turna 's Decks
Other Day 2 Decks
Cipher 's Decks
Devou 's Decks
Faramir 's Decks
iThomas 's Decks
Ostkaka 's Decks
Sjow 's Decks
StanCifka 's Decks
YouKnowWP 's Decks
Greetings to all our Patient Backers ,
We have pressed the reset button ... In 1975 Chaosium started out as a quirky boutique game company . We were all about creativity , artistry and craftsmanship . With every game we provided you with new realms of imagination and entertainment . Over the last few years we forgot that , and lost our way .
The Great Old Ones have Returned…
Greg Stafford , founder of Chaosium and creative force during its heyday , is now President . Sandy Petersen , world renowned game designer who brought Cthulhu into the light three decades ago , has rejoined the team as well .
Greg says : `` Chaosium is part of my legacy . My intent is to restore it to its rightful place in the world of gaming . Something we can all take pride in , and something that fans will look forward to.Where 'what 's next ? ' is answered with ' I ca n't wait ' . ''
The Stars are Right…
Sandy says : `` I am excited to return to active participation in the Call of Cthulhu line , and I 'm eagerly looking forward to working directly with Greg again . We are Chaosium 's original team from the 1980s . My first focus is going to be the Call of Cthulhu 7th edition Kickstarter campaign . ''
Our main plan is simple ( but will be a lot of work ) :
Quickly sift and sort through the current company problems
Immediately ship the remaining Horror on the Orient Express backer rewards
backer rewards Focus on the Call of Cthulhu 7th edition Kickstarter backer rewards
7th edition Kickstarter backer rewards Return to regularly making awesome new games .
We offer new hope , and ask only for your patience . ''
Please visit Chaosium.com for regular news and updates . Contact us with questions , kudos , curses , or kindness . We are listening , and we will respond .
Greg Stafford , President and CEO of Chaosium Inc .
I 'm puttin ' the band back together .
Cobblers boss Aidy Boothroyd has spoken of their ‘ delight ' at the permanent signing of experienced central defender Clarke Carlisle .
Following two successful loan spells at Sixfields , the 33-year-old has today put pen to paper on an 18-month deal that means they will be a Cobblers player player until the summer of 2014 .
Carlisle was a key man in the second half of last season as they helped Town avoid relegation from npower League Two while on loan from Burnley .
When a free agent in the summer , the former Queens Park Rangers man decided against signing on at Sixfields , instead joining York City to be nearer their family home in Halifax .
But Carlisle had a change of heart two months into the season , rejoined the Cobblers as a loan player , and now , after again becoming a free agent , has now decided to commit their future to the club .
“ I am delighted to have Clarke on board , ” said boss Boothroyd , who was also Carlisle 's manager at Watford .
“ He was a key part of us staying up last year and they are a leader , they have plenty of experience and they are a superb addition to the squad .
“ He is the sort of player and the sort of person who inspires and improves others around them and I am delighted they will spend the next 18 months with us . ”
Carlisle has to date made 23 loan appearances for the Cobblers , scoring one goal .
After missing the New Year 's Day win over Dagenham & Redbridge due to registration issues , Carlisle is set to return to the Cobblers team for tomorrow 's Sixfields date with Fleetwood .
Audio Technica has been rolling out the “ X ” series for around a year or so which basically means old classics have been given a bit of a facelift and some tuning to keep them relevant in the face of some pretty stiff competition . No more so than the portable headphone market where the likes of Aiaiai and even Sennheiser have been hard at work trying to steal the old M50 crown as one of the major bass competent headphone and an evergreen choice for DJ 's around the world . I had one , you had one , and everyone who has tried headphones has had a go at the M50 . It is almost a rite of passage for the budding audiophile and honestly , if it came up in my collection again I would n't bat an eyelid . Well the M50 now also has had the “ X ” treatment by Audio Technica and we managed to get one for review just in time for Xmas .
I have heard and owned quite a few Audio Technica headphones in the past ten years and have always felt that my second pair of M50s were quite amazing for the price . They were so good to me that I actually preferred them overall to some Audio Technica 's more expensive open back headphones . M50s do n't always sound exactly the same though and I am not sure whether it is due to variations in performance from batch to batch or if it is just due to yours truly having different front-end equipment every time I try a different pair . It is true that different DACs and amps do make a difference in how these cans will sound , however , I also believe that the former is true as well based on what I have read online from several users of the product .
Build Quality and Accessories
So now what about the M50x ? Are they the same headphone as the older M50 versions ? Well , the main difference is that the m50X has a removable cable design unlike the fixed cable on the older versions . The M50X comes with 3 sets of cables ( Coiled , Straight , and a short straight cable for portable use as well ) so they are in essence like an M50S , and a coiled cable version M50 all rolled into one with an additional short cable included . The looks , comfort , and foldability factor are the same as the old M50s as well so far as I remember as well . The padding feels a bit thicker than the M50 though this could be simply just mine being worn out on the old one but other than that both the M50 and the M50X look almost identical . The packaging is a small upgrade on the plastics of ‘ ATH yesteryear ' with a fold-out cardboard box and carton shaped holder on the inside . The cables are safely wrapped up along with a spare quarter jack ( gold plated ) .
Here are some specifications for the tech geeks among us :
• Critically acclaimed sonic performance praised by top audio engineers and pro audio reviewers
• Proprietary 45 mm large-aperture drivers with rare earth magnets and copper-clad aluminum wire voice coils
• Exceptional clarity throughout an extended frequency range , with deep , accurate bass response
• Circumaural design contours around the ears for excellent sound isolation in loud environments
• 90° swiveling earcups for easy , one-ear monitoring
• Professional-grade earpad and headband material delivers more durability and comfort
• Detachable cable ( 3 cables included )
• Comes in 3 colors : Black , White , and Limited Edition Blue .
The new M50X as you can see has a choice of three colors much like the older M50 , though ATH did start varying they M50 color scheme until later in the product cycle with the Limited Edition with some silver and white accents and a red version otherwise black was the main color for a long time . Note though the limited edition Blue version will end production this year ( 2014 ) so stock will dwindle and run out eventually during 2015 . My money is still on the classic black version – still looks the business .
Sound Impressions
So far as the difference in sound quality is concerned , I ca n't really say for sure whether they are exactly the same as my old M50 but they do sound very close based on memory taking into account the differences in amplification used . I think I prefer them a little more out of my old JDSLabs O2 against my Schiit Vali Tube hybrid mostly due to the fact that there is a slight hiss present when using these very high sensitivity cans with the Vali . However these differences may not be too significant for most people because we are talking very small differences here , in fact they sound just fine out of my Ipad mini . Back about the two amps used , the O2 and the Vali 's differences get more pronounced and swings in favor of the Vali when used with more revealing open headphones like the AKG Q701 or the Sennheiser HD650 but those differences do n't really apply here so I would n't really worry about it that much .
For those that are getting confused about my rambling and do n't know what the M50 series sound signature is in the first place , let me describe it for you . The M50s are a slightly V-shaped sounding headphone with no annoyingly abrupt peaks or dips in the range . Do they have bass ? Yes , good ear rattling bass that does not distort when feeding them some club-like ear vibrating decibels . Do they have clean highs ? Yes , the highs are clean although they do sound slightly steely and artificial since there is more treble volume than there is midrange . Nothing annoying there , in fact , I think most people looking at cans like these will dig the sparkling highs based on feedback from other people I know that have these cans .
What about the mids ? The midrange is smooth and solid as well although slightly recessed in volume against the bass and the treble . What about the dynamics , detail , soundstage and all the other good stuff ? Well , do n't expect too much . These will not give an out of the head experience as well as some high-end open back headphones and will not show all the low-level detail as well as those same higher-end audiophile oriented reference cans , but what you get here is an honest to goodness punchy , booming , and clear sounding pair of headphones that may shame cans by beats and bose for a good number of people .
Final Thoughts
I would recommend these cans based on how they compare with other closed headphones I have tried in their price range . They are among the best closed headphones I have heard for the price and if I wanted cans with good bass and clear highs , these are the ones to get . I myself do not like typical bassy closed cans anymore though so if you are a listener with an ear for airiness and detail then I would venture to try some other closed headphones to find that holy grail in tonal balance . I myself have n't found it yet in closed cans though so good luck in finding that which is why I prefer open or semi-open designs more even though I could use the extra isolation of closed cans .
If you already have the original M50 then the cable mechanism physically is a major difference and brings the ATH-M50X bang up to date with some of the newer rivals such as Aiaiai . The choice of cables is excellent and the straight cable is noticeably lighter and easier to use than the older heavier non-detachable coiled cable . The packaging has improved somewhat also but other than that it might be a tough call to say it is time to sell your own M50 and got for the X version unless the detachable cable really means a lot to you and for some people , this might be enough to buy yet another M50X . If you are a first-time buyer then get onboard and join the club , everyone else has at one time or another !
Technical Specifications
DRIVER DIAMETER 45 mm
MAGNET Neodymium
VOICE COIL CCAW ( Copper-clad aluminum wire )
FREQUENCY RESPONSE 15 – 28,000 Hz
MAXIMUM INPUT POWER 1,600 mW at 1 kHz
SENSITIVITY 99 dB
IMPEDANCE 38 ohms
WEIGHT 285 g ( 10 oz ) , without cable and connector
CABLE Interchangeable cables : detachable 1.2 m – 3.0 m ( 3.9′ – 9.8′ ) coiled cable , detachable 3.0 m ( 9.8′ ) straight cable and detachable 1.2 m ( 3.9′ ) straight cable
ACCESSORIES Protective carrying pouch , 6.3 mm ( 1/4″ ) screw-on adapter
oh wait , they 're still serious ?
The Texan Institute For Creation Research is still dead set on issuing an M.S . in creationism , and they have 80 pages of ( nonsensical ) reasons why .
In the end of March , I wrote about the Institute for Creation Research applying for the authority to issue science degrees and being denied right after the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board could catch its breath after laughing . After the huge debate died down and the story dropped from the radars of social bookmarking sites , I thought that would be the last we hear of the ICR 's bizarre quest . I was wrong . The ICR is back and they 're suing the Coordinating Board into handing them the right to give science degrees in creationism .
On what grounds ? Apparently , the Board violated their freedom of speech , freedom of press and freedom of religious exercise . Right . Which is exactly why they 're free to complain about the decision , continue to run their institute in peace , publish whatever they want on the subject and keep believing in Christian fundamentalism . Essentially , the ICR is complaining that those in charge of making sure that education is based on sound facts rather than personal opinions of preachers disagree with their ideas and that disagreement is somehow tantamount to persecution . It 's like a spoiled child throwing a temper tantrum when they do n't get a shiny new toy that catches theirs eye .
The complaint itself is some 80 pages and contains even more of the same facepalm- inducing arguments I 've taken to task before . According to the sharp legal minds at the ICR , since the Board 's Commissioner was n't alive during the Big Bang , they had no authority to have it taught as fact . Really ? In that case , those who were n't alive during the American Revolutionary War ca n't possibly have the authority to teach it . Do you know any living person who was stationed in Valley Forge with George Washington ? No ? No one at all ? Well , let 's strike that from the curriculum . Without eye-witness knowledge , it 's all just the opinion of school board members and mainstream historians .
But what 's that you say ? We have documents and evidence for the Revolutionary War ? Well , funny you should mention that because thanks to the laws of physics , we can look back in time and get a good idea of how the visible , known universe started out . The ICR might want to read up on some actual science before they go around issuing science degrees . The fact that the speed of photons in a light beam is finite and when we look at the sky , we 're looking back in time is part of a basic middle school science class . It 's hard for me to imagine a college graduate with a B.S . or M.S . degree who is n't aware of this fact .
Just because you think something is true does n't make it so and no matter how devoted you are to your idea , it does n't give you the right to arbitrarily issue science degrees . The THECB 's Commissioner is n't randomly coming up with whatever they want to be taught in colleges . Dr. Raymund Paredes relies on hundreds of thousands of peer reviewed papers and meticulously researched books by experts based on evidence ranging from genetics to the fossil record , to zoology and laboratory experiments . The ICR , on the other hand , uses nothing but blind faith and fiery but empty rhetoric devoid of any scientific fact . Of course , if they want to drag out a second rejection and waste hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees , nobody will stop them .
The alleged gunman is in custody after an hourslong standoff with police inside a Planned Parenthood clinic . They have been identified as Robert Lewis Dear , 57 .
One officer and two civilians were killed in the attack . The officer has been identified as Garrett Swasey , 44 , who was married with two children .
President Barack Obama on Saturday directly addressed the shooting : `` This is not normal . We ca n't let it become normal . ''
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo. -- A community is slowly beginning to pick up the pieces after a gunman laid siege to a Planned Parenthood clinic , ending three lives and affecting so many more .
Bloodied , terrified witnesses tried to flee the area of the clinic and its surrounding strip mall as alleged gunman Robert Lewis Dear , 57 , fired shot after shot Friday , killing two civilians and a University of Colorado police officer who volunteered to make their way to the crime scene .
It 's still unclear why Dear , who 's scheduled to make their first court appearance on Monday , targeted that Planned Parenthood clinic , or why they decided to take lives before they finally surrendered after an hourslong standoff . Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers said that people can make `` inferences from where it took place . ''
It is clear , though , that this community does not plan to be paralyzed by fear . Planned Parenthood clinics in Colorado , Nevada , New Mexico and Wyoming continued to provide care on Saturday , and said they would have heavy security at their Colorado locations . The Colorado Springs facility remained closed , though its CEO , Vicki Cowart , said Saturday at a vigil that all 15 employees at that location were safe , and promised that the clinic would reopen quickly .
Witnesses heard the gunshots Friday and fled as several onlookers stopped to stare at an injured man who staggered from the Planned Parenthood parking lot to a nearby grocery store , The New York Times reported .
“ He lifted their shirt up and they had holes in their chest , ” said Miranda Schilter , 17 , who was at a coffee shop inside the grocery store .
Andy Cross via Getty Images Police escort the shooting suspect out of an armored vehicle after the Planned Parenthood attack .
The officer who died was Garrett Swasey , 44 , a six-year veteran of the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs police department , the school said . Swasey , who was married with two children , was a leader at their church and described by a friend as `` an absolute man of courage '' who frequently responded to off-campus calls .
Two civilians were also killed during Friday 's shooting , police spokesperson Lt. Catherine Buckley said . Their identities have not yet been released . Nine others -- five officers and four civilians -- were also shot during the attack and were in good condition .
Dear had lived part of the time in a cabin that lacked electricity and running water in the North Carolina mountains , The Associated Press reported .
Suspect confirmed as Robert L. Dear date of birth of 4/16/1958 pic.twitter.com/4v2GtIsUgT — Springs Police ( @ CSPDPIO ) November 28 , 2015
Witness Ozy Licano spoke through sobs as they described looking into the shooter 's eyes .
`` I ca n't imagine . It 's not right . I just do n't know what possessed him , '' Licano said to Reuters . `` There were five seconds we stared at each others , and in that five-second period those bullet holes were going right through my windshield . ''
President Barack Obama addressed the shooting in a statement Saturday morning .
`` The last thing Americans should have to do , over the holidays or any day , is comfort the families of people killed by gun violence , '' they said . `` And yet , two days after Thanksgiving , that 's what we are forced to do again . ''
The president said that something needed to be done about the `` easy accessibility of weapons of war . ''
`` This is not normal , '' Obama said . `` We ca n't let it become normal . ''
Google Maps The Planned Parenthood building in Colorado Springs .
Colorado Springs Police Chief Peter Carey had little to say after the suspect 's capture late Friday .
`` I have as many questions as you do , '' Carey told reporters at a press conference . `` I have some hurt police officers , they 're at the hospital . That 's where I 'm headed to next . ”
Mayor John Suthers said there is `` no continued peril to the citizens of Colorado Springs . ''
Colorado Springs has a population of around nearly half a million people and is 78.8 percent white , according to the most recent available Census data . The town is home to the U.S. Olympic Training Center and several schools , including the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs and Colorado College .
The town also has a big evangelical presence , partly due to an economic development effort to bring Christian missionaries there in the 1980s , according to PBS .
Ryan Grenoble/The Huffington Post A police car is seen Friday night at the intersection of Fillmore St. and Centennial Blvd. , near the Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs .
Denise Speller , a manager at a Supercuts salon located down the road from the Planned Parenthood clinic , spoke to The Huffington Post on Friday afternoon while on lockdown inside their store .
`` Cops came flying through the parking lot , they almost hit each other they were driving so fast , '' they said . They said they `` heard multiple shots fired '' and `` saw an officer go down '' before they and others hunkered down in a back room .
`` We ca n't go near the windows , '' they said . `` We ca n't stop shaking and crying . ''
Just heard SWAT yelling `` we need a sniper '' and rush someone away in a tactical van . # ColoradoSpringsShooting # 9news pic.twitter.com/LtMyket1Xo — Jessica Oh ( @ Jessica9NEWS ) November 27 , 2015
Duy Tran , manager at Fusion Nails in the nearby strip mall , told HuffPost they thought one of the banks was getting robbed when employees saw officers come barreling into the strip mall parking lot . They said bullets started flying and people took cover .
`` The world is crazy , you just have to learn to live with it . I still have hope , '' they said .
In a statement Friday evening , Cecile Richards , president and CEO of Planned Parenthood Federation of America , said : “ Our hearts go out to the families and loved ones of the brave law enforcement officers who put themselves in harm 's way in Colorado Springs . '' They added , `` We are profoundly grateful for their heroism in helping to protect all women , men and young people as they access basic health care in this country . ”
Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton , Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) and Martin O'Malley all tweeted about the shooting .
Earlier this year , a series of heavily edited undercover videos claimed the family planning provider was harvesting fetal tissue after abortions and selling it . The group denies the charges and says it only donates fetal tissue for medical research when the patient requests it , and does not make a profit from the donation .
Congress is investigating Planned Parenthood 's practice of fetal tissue donation , and has so far found no evidence of wrongdoing .
Friday 's attack unfolded less than a month after a shooting rampage in Colorado Springs left four people dead , including the gunman .
This past Halloween , 33-year-old Noah Harpham fatally shot three people in Colorado Springs . Four Colorado Springs Police Department officers were placed on administrative leave after fatally shooting Harpham , who was recovering from substance abuse and wrote a rambling blog entry just days before the attack discussing religion and their spiritual beliefs .
* Upfront payment 16.5 bln euros , potential for 4.7 bln more
* Visa to issue senior unsecured debt worth $ 15- $ 16 bln
* Increases share buyback by $ 5 bln
* Visa shares down 3.4 pct ( Adds Breakingviews ; Updates shares )
By Richa Naidu and Sudarshan Varadhan
Nov 2 ( Reuters ) - Visa Inc said on Monday it would buy former subsidiary Visa Europe Ltd for up to $ 23.3 billion in a deal that will give the world 's largest payments network a chance to cut costs over the long term and raise fees in the second-biggest card market .
The price for the long-anticipated deal was higher than many had expected , but ended a period of strategic uncertainty that had dogged Visa in recent months .
Visa Inc and Visa Europe , a cooperative of European banks with more than 500 million cards , were part of a global bank-owned network until 2007 .
Most of the units merged to form Visa Inc , which went public in 2008 , leaving Visa Europe as a separate entity .
The deal brings all of Visa 's networks under one roof again , cementing its lead over nearest-rival MasterCard Inc .
By value of payments , Visa Europe had a 52.2 percent share of the European card market in 2013 . ( bit.ly/1HVUjqe )
Visa said it would pay 16.5 billion euros up front in cash and convertible preferred stock , with potential for an additional payment of up to 4.7 billion euros based on revenue targets four years after the deal closes .
More than 3,000 companies stand to profit from the deal .
Barclays Plc , the most active bank in the Visa Europe network , is likely to be the biggest winner , Bernstein analyst Chirantan Barua wrote in a note .
Barclays said in a statement that it expected an after-tax profit of about 400 million pounds ( $ 619 million ) next year when the deal closes .
The bank could receive up to 1.2 billion euros in total , a person familiar with the matter said .
Lloyds Banking Group Plc said it expected a pretax gain of about 300 million pounds when the deal closes , while payment services provider Worldpay Group Plc said it expected about 1.25 billion euros from the deal , including 592 million euros when it closes .
Visa said it was targeting savings of $ 200 million from the deal in 2020 , a 30 percent reduction from the current run rate . Much of the savings will come from integration of technology .
HIGH PRICE
Currently , Visa Europe charges the banks - its owners - less than MasterCard . That is likely to change , analysts said .
“ We will work with our banks , who formally were members , to come up with relationships that are more commercial than what you might have struck when you were dealing with an owner , ” Chief Financial Officer Vasant Prabhu told Reuters .
Chief Executive Charlie Scharf declined to disclose details on pricing in Europe on a call with analysts .
Wedbush Securities analyst Gil Luria was among those who had expected Visa to pay a lower price . Luria and others had expected a deal worth $ 20 billion- $ 21 billion .
Visa , whose shares were down 3.4 percent at $ 74.98 in afternoon trading , also reported a slightly lower-than-expected quarterly profit , due mainly to higher costs .
The deal , which will be partly funded by the issue of senior unsecured debt of up to $ 16 billion , is expected to be dilutive to full-year adjusted earnings in fiscal 2016 , but accretive to revenue and earnings growth in 2017 .
Visa said it would increase a buyback program by $ 5 billion for Class A common stock in 2016 and 2017 to offset the effects of issuing the preferred stock .
Visa said its fourth-quarter net income jumped about 41 percent to $ 1.51 billion , or 62 cents per diluted class A share , in the three months ended Sept. 30 , just short of the average analyst estimate of 63 cents , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S . ( $ 1 = 0.6466 pounds ) ( $ 1 = 0.9082 euros )
The Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) uses civil forfeiture to seize millions of dollars from Americans who have n't been charged with a crime , according to the group Injustice for Justice .
The libertarian , civil liberties , public interest law firm says in a new report ( pdf ) that the IRS seized more than $ 242 million from 2,500 individuals and businesses from 2005 to 2012 . The agency was able to take away such vast sums because of “ lax civil forfeiture standards ” that have permitted the IRS to “ seize first and ask questions later. ” As a result , people have had their bank accounts drained without the IRS putting any effort into investigating the situation . Property owners are then forced into a difficult legal battle to reclaim their money .
Many of the seizures come because the IRS suspects someone is “ structuring ” bank transactions in order to avoid a $ 10,000 limit over which a transaction must be reported to the IRS . Structuring is also illegal and the IRS has the power to use civil forfeiture to seize assets it believes are involved in such a scheme .
Most IRS seizures are civil forfeiture , in which the item seized is considered to be “ guilty. ” Under criminal forfeiture , assets may only be seized if their owner is found guilty of a related crime . The standard to make a civil forfeiture is much easier for the IRS .
Like civil forfeitures by state agencies recently curtailed by a ruling by Attorney General Eric Holder , the IRS has incentive to continue seizing assets because they 're allowed to keep them to further law enforcement activities by the agency .
Injustice for Justice argues the “ surest way to prevent innocent people from losing money unjustly would be to end civil forfeiture and replace it with criminal forfeiture . Short of that , removing the financial incentive to seize , raising the standard of proof to forfeit and enacting other procedural reforms would help protect people from losing their bank accounts when the government has little or no proof of criminal wrongdoing . ”
In its report , Injustice for Justice concluded :
· “ Structuring-related seizures are becoming more frequent : In 2012 , the IRS initiated more than five times as many such seizures as it did in 2005 , yielding a 166 percent increase in forfeiture revenue . ”
· “ The IRS overwhelmingly favors civil forfeiture procedures over criminal . From 2006 to 2013 , nearly four out of five forfeitures for suspected structuring were civil . ”
· “ At least a third of the IRS 's structuring-related seizures arose out of nothing more than a series of transactions under $ 10,000 , with no other criminal activity , such as fraud , money laundering or smuggling , alleged by the government . ”
-Noel Brinkerhoff , Steve Straehley
To Learn More :
Seize First , Question Later : The IRS and Civil Forfeiture ( by Dick M. Carpenter II , Ph.D. , and Larry Salzman , Injustice for Justice ) ( pdf )
Feds Reel In Asset Forfeitures that Southern California Cops Feast On ( by Ken Broder , AllGov California )
Police Departments Like to Seize Fancy Cars and Cash…Computers and Jewelry Not So Much ( by Noel Brinkerhoff and Steve Straehley , AllGov )
Across U.S. , Police Asset Seizures Fuel ” Slush Fund ” for Buying Weapons , Luxury Cars , Travel…and Even a Clown ( by Noel Brinkerhoff and Steve Straehley , AllGov )
AP Photo
While the state of Michigan appears to have no interest in “ bailing out ” Detroit , it is giving a substantial boost to the Red Wings , the city 's professional hockey team . Less than a week after Detroit filed for the largest municipal bankruptcy in history , a press conference revealed a deal that will transform 45 blocks of the city with a new hockey arena ( or “ events center , ” as the jargon goes ) and a mixed-use entertainment district meant to link two of the city 's healthiest neighborhoods—downtown and midtown .
“ This is a catalyst project , ” Governor Rick Snyder said , according to Crain 's Detroit Business . “ This is going to be where the Red Wings are . Who does n't get fired up in Detroit about the Red Wings ? Come on now , the people that are criticizing are people from outside of Michigan . This is something that is important to all of us . ”
The Red Wings are one of the city 's calling cards most worthy of celebration right now : one of the “ original six ” teams in the National Hockey League and winner of 11 Stanley Cups , most recently in 2008 . The team broke the league 's record for consecutive home wins last season ( 23 ) , and has nurtured legends of the game , from Gordie Howe to Steve Yzerman to Nicklas Lidstrom . They 've made the NHL playoffs 22 seasons in a row and counting—the longest such streak in all of pro sports . While Detroit is home to three other professional sports franchises , the city has embraced its “ Hockeytown ” nickname .
For the last 33 years , the Wings have played in the Joe Louis Arena ( or “ the Joe ” ) , an uninspiring cube on Detroit 's riverfront bizarrely disconnected from the rest of the city . The 20,058-seat arena is Detroit 's largest indoor venue , and was an outlier when it was built downtown , just as the Pistons and Lions fled the city for suburban stadiums . ( The Lions have since moved back into the city . ) The Joe made a memorable debut by hosting the 1980 Republican National Convention , which nominated Ronald Reagan.11 In their terrific telling of the Joe 's peculiar history , Matthew Lewis and Aaron Mondry quote former mayor Coleman Young 's autobiography on the arena 's emergence : `` Although Detroit was and is an overwhelmingly Democratic city , and although I have traditionally been at cross-purposes with the prevailing ideology of the Republicans , as a champion of the United States Constitution and the spirit of bipartisan cooperation , I fully supported their right to assemble and spend lots of money in our hotels , shops , and restaurants . I also appreciated what the national exposure could do for the city 's image , which was still characterized by the '67 riot and out-of-date murder charts . And I was thrilled to see Joe Louis Arena enjoy such a conspicuous and honorable christening . At the same time , the convention was an event that I find difficult to index historically . To this day , it sticks in my craw that Ronald Reagan was nominated in the damn building that I put myself on the line for . ''
For the team 's new downtown home , developers are reimagining a patchy stretch of land inhabited by pubs , cab companies , vacant lots , and largely low-income houses and apartments , as well as historic landmarks like the Masonic Temple and Cass Tech—one of the brightest lights among the city 's schools .
Detroit 's bankruptcy compels developers to make a stronger than usual case for why the arena should be a priority , even as that the city struggles to pay for public services . Otherwise , the deal carries a whiff of war profiteering . To that end , developers tout estimates that the arena will create 2,900 direct construction jobs , along with an additional 1,480 construction jobs on nearby development . Under the public financing deal , half those jobs must be filled by Detroiters .
The financing plan for the arena was put together so that it would be as invulnerable as possible to the uncertainties that come with Detroit 's bankruptcy filing , according to Robert Rossbach , media liaison for the Detroit Economic Growth Corporation . Rather than relying on city coffers , the Michigan Strategic Fund—part of a quasi-public state agency—will sell bonds to cover the public costs on the arena . Detroit 's Downtown Development Authority ( DDA ) will put in about $ 284.5 million captured in property taxes from its district to pay off those bonds over 30 years . The DDA will also redraw its district lines to encompass the neighborhood where the arena will be built , although General Motors—headquartered in the Renaissance Center—will remain its largest single taxpayer . The rest of the $ 365.5 million bill will be paid by Olympia Development , an arm of the family-run organization that owns the Red Wings ( as well as the Detroit Tigers and Little Caesars . ) The DDA will own the arena , but Olympia will operate it under a 35-year agreement , with multiple renewal options . If all goes smoothly , the soonest the Wings will play in the new arena is the 2016-2017 season .
But some shady deals have blighted the shiny new arena 's aura . An obscure new owner took over three low-income apartment buildings in the area targeted for development this spring . This mysterious landlord gave residents 30 days to leave . A Detroit News expose led to an extended eviction deadline , and then no eviction at all—but not until after many residents had already left . Following the press conference on the arena , the newspaper wrote that , “ Since 2012 , The Detroit News has reported on a series of mysterious land deals in the Cass Corridor—mainly involving blighted properties . Although it was widely speculated that the property was being amassed for an arena project , the deals have been cloaked in secrecy , with sellers signing confidentiality agreements and buyers not revealing themselves through public documents . The buyers in the land deals , ( it was ) revealed Wednesday , have been ‘ a mix ' of city and Ilitch Holdings. ” ( Illitch Holdings is affiliated with Olympia Development ) .
AP Photo/Paul Sancya , File
Corridors Alliance ( CA ) is a group of Detroit citizens , business owners , and neighborhood stakeholders that emerged not in opposition to the new arena , but in support of it moving forward in an equitable and sustainable way . Francis Grunow , a Detroit lawyer on the steering committee , said CA is concerned about ensuring that the arena is built with the connectivity of residential neighborhoods in mind , lest it become an effective blockade between downtown and midtown . “ We are worried that such a large single use project , with its large footprint , sporadic but intense use , and need for massive amounts of parking could have a very negative effect on the surrounding community , ” Grunow said . “ On the other hand , if the arena is designed sensitively and with a high level of community input , we believe these concerns could be mitigated to some degree . ”
The way to do the arena right ? According to CA , there 's no getting around the urgency of community outreach , giving residents a meaningful way of participating in the project 's construction and lifetime of use . The development should also maximize sustainable infrastructure and quality open space , in part by integrating with existing parks . Traffic—especially pedestrians and cyclists—should be minimally disrupted and parking facilities should not interrupt neighborhood flow . The arena should be built to scale with the streetscape , making the most of the opportunities for mixed-use , density , landscaping , and historic building stock .
Grunow tells me that CA has “ had a pretty consistent line of communication open since last summer with Olympia Development ” about the project . That 's good , because serving Detroit well in this process is the best way to honor a beloved team , and the citizens-turned-fans that stand by it .
While the joy the Red Wings bring to the city would be worth it in its own right , the potency of sports comes from its power in bringing people together—including people very unlike one another—under a common civic pride . This is particularly true in Detroit . In a city spread out over 139 square miles in an expansive metro region , where divisions of class and race have painfully shaped the difficult spot the city is in today , there is no measuring how needed it is to have spaces where Detroiters find themselves on the same side , cheering in a common voice for the home team . At Red Wings games , it 's become a point of tradition for the Journey 's “ Do n't Stop Believin ' ” to play over the PA system—and for the thousands in the crowd , singing along , to crescendo joyously at the line “ … born and raised in South Detroit ! ” ( And then proceed to giggle to each other about how there is no South Detroit neighborhood . )
National narratives about Detroit 's bankruptcy have tended to blur the line between City Hall 's finances and private business . While the city is bankrupt , there has been a great deal of investment in Detroit in recent years . While this is great for the long-term economic health of the region , the vulnerability of City Hall right now translates into weakened municipal oversight over businesses that , de facto , have unusually large influence in shaping the city—literally . Particularly for projects with massive footprints , like the new arena , we need vigilance to ensure that it comes through on its potential to play a part in Detroit 's promising future—and does not , instead , through poor planning and limited community involvement , exacerbate Detroit 's divisions and inequities . Corridors Alliance is one of those watchdogs ; journalists , like those at the Detroit News , are another . I 'd like to see sports fans—not just local ones—become yet another source of scrutiny . If it 's true that the new arena will be a “ public benefit ” —thereby justifying the subsidized jobs for a private investment—than the public has a right to play a part in the process . I love the Red Wings as much as any Detroiter , but let 's be real : it 's not just public money , but actual lives that are on the line .
The Elin in all their glory . Before and after censorship .
MMO Tera features a fictional race of scantily clad young anime girls called the Elin . In South Korea , where the game was made , player controlled Elin characters are free to prance about Tera 's persistent fantasy world wearing outfits that would make their mothers blush .
But for our version of the game US publisher En Masse and European publisher Frogster censored the Elins , replacing panties with `` shorties '' , adding longer tights and covering up exposed bellies . To say this decision , first announced back in 2010 , caused a stir among Tera 's loyal and vocal fanbase would be an understatement .
Last month , just weeks before launch , Frogster issued a statement explaining the Elin were censored to ward off `` unsavoury users '' . The German company did n't say it outright , but it did n't need to . It was worried about paedophiles playing its game .
Now , with Tera a week and a half old , in-game chat channels are often filled with Elin talk . Some have accused Frogster of censorship in order to secure Tera 's PEGI 12 rating in Europe . Some have even broken Tera 's terms of service and modified client files to force the Elin to wear their Korean clothes - well , what there is of them . Now , Frogster 's Lucile Le Merle offers their side of the story , addressing the controversy still raging in Tera 's virtual world in an interview that highlights the gaping cultural divide between Asia and the West .
How has the European launch gone for you ?
Lucile Le Merle : We 're quite happy with the launch . Usually when you release a new MMO you can expect a lot of server crashes and technical issues , but thankfully , everything went really smoothly . Obviously there are still some issues here and there . People can not connect to their accounts , for example . But we had no major trouble , which was very good . Everyone could connect to the servers . We had records of CCUs and attendance . We had peaks of visitors on the website . So in my opinion we had a very successful launch .
How popular is the game ? Is it the most popular game in Frogster 's history ?
Lucile Le Merle : I ca n't give you numbers . But we were just told in Germany we are the best-selling game at the moment . Obviously Tera is Frogster 's flagship title , so we have high expectations of the game . We 'd say it 's very successful at the moment and we 're going to monitor the numbers to see if we need to do any additional marketing campaign or if there are some users who need to be more satisfied . We 're going to do surveys in order to know if they 're satisfied with the game .
Tera has a PEGI 12 rating in Europe , but a 17+ rating in the US . A lot of European players are unhappy at that . Can you explain how our rating was achieved ?
Lucile Le Merle : I was n't involved in the PEGI process , but as far as I know the US is way stricter on any kind of naked bodies . So it may be due to the sexy costumes and equipment some of the characters are able to wear . That might be a reason for the US to say this game is no longer 12+ , it 's 17+ .
Did you request the 12 rating or did you submit the build and then wait for PEGI 's decision ?
Lucile Le Merle : It 's decided by PEGI , not by us . We only send a specific version of the client to PEGI , which rates it and sends it back to us with the final decision . Then we can contest it , if we deem it 's not the right rating . But we do not decide the rating . PEGI does , and they have their own process for that . I believe there may be some sensitive information which can not be disclosed .
There has been a lot of debate about the Elin race , which has been censored versus the Korean version . Can you explain what happened ?
Lucile Le Merle : Yes . This topic has been discussed for about a year and a half now , ever since the Elin were announced at G-Star in 2010 . There has been a huge amount of controversy because of the different ways Asian , Europeans and Americans see this kind of graphic content . The decision to change slightly the Elin armour was made with En Masse , the US publisher of the game . At first there was supposed to be a massive change on this race . We were supposed to add tights on every single one of them , but we knew there was going to be a massive community uproar and this is not what we wanted for the game , which is why we had a lot of discussion about it . Now , the models of the armour have changed , but only slightly .
The lads are at it , too . The Elin are one of a long list of fantastical races in Tera , and it should be noted that most - but not all - carry a heavily sexualised anime style . Female Humans and High Elfs wear just enough , with the kind of breast physics that would make a Dead or Alive developer proud . But male Humans and High Elf avatars do their best to compete on the exposed flesh front . Many of the male models have their androgenous features proudly on show , including six packs and shaved chests . An MMO for everyone ?
Based on the comparison videos and images , there is less flesh exposed in the Western version versus the Korean version .
Lucile Le Merle : Yes . Basically all the armour that contain panties or anything a little bit sexual has been replaced by shorties . And the bellies on some armour have been covered . That 's it .
In late April you issued a statement saying these changes were made because the Elin could have attracted to the game unsavoury users . What exactly does that mean ?
Lucile Le Merle : It 's a matter of point of view . We did not want to implement the Elins as they were in the original version because if you look at the forums and how users usually react to this race , it 's either people offended by the way they look , or it 's people trolling , saying , hey , I 'm `` pedobear '' . This is the kind of behaviour we want to avoid at all costs .
We know unless we removed the race entirely from the game , which would have caused an even bigger uproar , we could not avoid having such comments . But we wanted to reduce the amount of comments because some people are offended or some people have a different opinion .
You also say it 's part of Frogster 's responsibility to protect younger audiences from the unsavoury users . Is that a suggestion that there may be people who are attracted to playing Tera for reasons that are n't to do with playing it in the right way ?
Lucile Le Merle : Exactly . Obviously just like any other online game , there are going to be people who will be on the game but not to play it . They are going to be child predators , harassers , people who insult each other . That 's something we can not avoid .
However , we have customer support , which is working very hard to ensure nothing like that happens . And especially in regards to the Elins , we have had a few users in the past who were doing , let 's say , bad communication , running around with an Elin character saying sexual content . Those users have been banned because this is not the kind of attitude we want to see in the game .
What exactly is that bad communication ?
When you have a user playing an Elin character saying , oh , I 'm a flat chested girl , come ... I wo n't say any bad words but you know what I mean , this can be even more offensive than if you have a big boobs character running around saying the same thing .
Lucile Le Merle : Obviously this appears to all characters , whether it 's a Human , High Elf or an Elin . But it 's even more offensive when it 's an Elin . So , for example , when you have a user playing an Elin character saying , oh , I 'm a flat chested girl , come ... I wo n't say any bad words but you know what I mean , this can be even more offensive than if you have a big boobs character running around saying the same thing .
There seems to be a big cultural difference between how we view this and how Koreans view this .
Lucile Le Merle : In Asia their mindset is completely different . To them it is not a problem . It is not related to paedophilia . It 's just part of the culture to have small , little girls that run around smiling . People just find it normal . If you read manga or watch anime , this is the exact same thing . People consider this normal . But we do not have the same mindset in Europe , which is why this change had to be made .
Some genuine anime fans who are upset that they 're being tarnished as unsavoury users .
Lucile Le Merle : Yeah . I understand . But in my opinion , if you like the Elins for how they look you should n't make an uproar just because they have their tights cover three centimetres more . Their faces still look the same . Their bodies still look the same . Their size is the same as well . I do n't think it is that much of a problem .
Additionally , we have some very clever users who are changing the textures from the European to the Korean files . While this is not something we promote actively , because changing the files of the game is prohibited by our terms of service , we know this is happening and we are not planning to do any kind of witch hunt if people have their own personal preferences .
So you 're just going to turn a blind eye to it ?
Lucile Le Merle : Yes . The same goes for some modifications that can be made to the game files . For example you can meddle with the .ini files of the game and change the depth of field , or remove the bloom , which is not something you can change directly in the in-game options .
While it is not explicitly authorised , we let it go because it has nothing to do with hacking . It does n't give the player a clear advantage in the game . It 's just a matter of personal preference .
If we wanted to actively fight that issue we would have to ban users by checking their files . It would create more trouble than it 's worth . It would only create a negative community and communication . So I do not think it is worth doing a witch hunt for that .
While this is not something we promote actively , because changing the files of the game is prohibited by our terms of service , we know this is happening and we are not planning to do any kind of witch hunt if people have their own personal preferences .
Tera is developed by a Korean studio . How much influence does Frogster actually have over the content ?
Lucile Le Merle : Yes . There are two phases of development . There is the actual development , which is made in Korea by Bluehole Studio . And then there 's the westernisation , which is made by EME in the US . We 're working closely with EME to provide the feedback from the European community . Usually the North American community has the same kind of feedback . Western players in general want the same thing , so we combine our feedback .
Either EME develops its own content , which it adds to its own version of the game , which is then sent to us . Or it is sent to BHS to implement new features or dungeons . New features such as new dungeons , for example , is something expected by all players from all countries . So for addition and content , this is handled by either EME or BHS , depending on the size of the content and the type of the content .
As for us in community management , we do a report to both BHS and EME with the suggestions we 've received on the forum as well as bugs that appeared in the latest version . Right now , there is n't a big amount of in-game bugs . It 's pretty much bug free , at least for the first 15 to 20 hours . For any major problem we might have , it 's usually fixed pretty quickly .
We had some issues in open beta that have been fixed for release within one week 's time frame . That 's because EME and ourselves are working around the clock to provide information to Bluehole Studio .
The problem is , for every MMO , when there are new suggestions , it takes a long time to be translated , to be developed , to by QA 'd , to be localised , and then sent and implemented in our build . This is why sometimes people feel they 're not being listened to , because their suggestions are not being applied in the next patch . But this is a month-long process . We are doing as much as we can as quickly as we can , but we are not superheroes .
At Town Hall Meeting , Republican Lawmakers Get An Earful Over Health Care
Enlarge this image toggle caption Zach Hirsch/NCPR Zach Hirsch/NCPR
Lawmakers in the House of Representatives are back in their home districts for a recess this week . After seeing the reception some of their colleagues got in previous town hall-style meetings following the election of Donald Trump , most House Republicans are skipping them .
But a handful are diving in headfirst .
On Monday night , a few days after voting in favor of the House bill to repeal and replace major parts of the Affordable Care Act , Rep. Elise Stefanik , 32 , from Northern New York , held a town hall at a public television station .
Stefanik is a moderate Republican in their second term . She 's also the youngest woman ever elected to Congress . After refusing for weeks to say how they planned to vote , they were one of a handful of last-minute `` yes '' votes for the GOP health care bill .
Also on Monday , the Washington Post reported that the crowd at Republican Rep. Rod Blum 's town hall in Iowa drowned the representative out as they tried to reassure them that `` if you 're getting your insurance through the group health insurance , nothing changes . ''
Enlarge this image toggle caption Zach Hirsch/NCPR Zach Hirsch/NCPR
`` That 's not true , that 's not true ! '' the crowd shouted , at one point drowning them out , according to the Post . They also received boos and the audience held up red sheets of paper to signal they disagreed with him .
Back in Plattsburgh , N.Y. , Stefanik got an earful about their `` yes '' vote from their constituents . Because of limits on space , 100 people chosen by lottery were allowed in for the taping . Many of those who were n't selected — about 250 of Stefanik 's critics — protested outside .
`` Shame . Shame . Shame , '' they chanted . A few protesters were dressed as the angel of death , and they carried a fake coffin with a list of pre-existing conditions scrawled on it .
The protesters got there early to greet Stefanik , but the member of congress arrived even earlier .
Stefanik welcomed the audience in the studio , saying they looked forward to `` a respectful give and take . ''
`` I know there are a lot of questions on people 's minds and many people particularly want to hear about health care . So I 'm looking forward to answering those questions , '' they said .
The room felt icy and tense . The event remained orderly — it was taped and livestreamed , which seemed to help keep a lid on things . Still , outrage kept rumbling to the surface .
When Stefanik answered one question about `` why the rich are getting tax breaks '' under the House Republicans ' health care bill , some in the crowd detected a dodge and they started heckling .
`` It is true — Obamacare increased taxes on Americans across the board on cost of health care , '' Stefanik said before the crowd interrupted . Moderator Thom Hallock asked them to quiet down .
`` Our legislation repeals the Obamacare taxes , whether it 's the medical device tax , the tax on high quality health care plans . We repeal the tax , the health insurance tax . That will help lower costs , '' they said .
`` You did n't answer the question , '' someone called out .
No one other than Stefanik had anything good to say about the bill . Nina Matteau , a breast cancer survivor , said the GOP plan includes loopholes that threaten people with pre-existing conditions .
`` Can you explain how this constitutes better health care at lower premiums as promised ? '' Matteau asked .
`` There is language in the American Health Care Act that explicitly prohibits insurers from not accepting patients that have pre-existing conditions , '' Stefanik said , pointing people to a House GOP website for the bill . `` That was an important provision . ''
The Republican plan does give insurance companies more flexibility when dealing with customers with pre-existing conditions . It also rolls back federal support for the Obamacare Medicaid expansion , something that also prompted jeers from the crowd .
The audience was n't completely critical — some applauded Stefanik for taking climate change seriously — but they did n't win over the room . Several people on their way out said Stefanik was n't really listening , and their answers seemed canned .
Stefanik said they heard the frustration . They also said repealing Obamacare was one of their earliest campaign promises .
`` I know there are certain areas where we 're going to disagree , but it 's my job to listen , '' they said . `` And I think I did that tonight . ''
In 1759 , Arthur Guinness signed a 9,000-year lease on a small , unused brewery in St. James 's Gate , Dublin . Leasing the space cost them just 100 pounds , with an annual rent of 45 pounds , and gave them rights to water from the Wicklow mountains , which would become crucial to the brewery 's future .
The brewery is rich with history , so much so that it has its own full-time archivist on site to maintain documents ( including that 9,000-year lease ) essential to Guinness ' history as well as things like the brewery 's original brewing books ( with the original recipe for Guinness inside ) , and some of the first bottles the beer was packaged in . Having a full-time archivist is n't something that many breweries choose to invest in , but when you see everything Guinness has in its archives , you immediately understand why it 's something they 've chosen to invest in .
We recently had the opportunity to spend a few hours in the archives in Dublin and see and touch some of Guinness ' history . Take a look at the gallery , to get a glimpse into the history of Guinness and a little bit of a look at what it has in store .
Metro-riding crowds clamoring to get into the new Harry Potter-themed section of Universal Studios will soon have a totally new , much safer way to get from the Universal City Red Line stop to the park . A new bridge for pedestrians is expected to open in early April to `` coincide '' with the April 7 opening of the much-anticipated Wizarding World of Harry Potter attraction , says a Metro report on the project ( via Los Angeles magazine ) . The Rios Clementi Hale Studios-designed bridge will allow people to go from the subway to a Universal Studios shuttle bus stop without having to wait for car traffic to stop .
The bridge , which hooks across Lankershim and Universal Hollywood Drive , was originally proposed as a $ 19.5-million project , but the pricetag eventually swelled to $ 27 million . Opponents argued that this was a lot to pay for a kind of bridge that lots of people ignore , and which does n't link up to a nearby bus station ( the bridge hits three of the four corners of the intersection , but not the fourth one , where the bus stop is ) .
Love it or hate it , the bridge will be complete this spring and bring with it landscaped plazas on each end of the span , plus the draw of elevators and escalators that will be covered and out of the elements . The structure itself will be open but covered in `` a wire mesh for safety and transparency , '' says Los Angeles .
One person was killed after an argument erupted at a crowded shopping mall in North Carolina on the afternoon before Christmas , police said Thursday.Detectives from the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department are investigating what the department called `` an officer involved shooting '' inside the Northlake Mall in Charlotte.Police said in a statement that off-duty officers who were working at the mall arrived at the scene after the fight broke out . One `` armed '' person was shot and pronounced dead at the scene.No officers were injured.The police statement said that the situation was not considered `` an active shooter situation , '' an indication that no armed suspects were on the loose . An investigation is ongoing.Jeff Keith , deputy director with Mecklenburg EMS , said the mall was closed but people were still hiding in stores and were trying to get out . Police said that family members should go to the AMC parking lot to look for relatives.John Dawson , a salesperson who lives in Charlotte , said they were at the mall buying a gift for their date when the shooting erupted . They said it began with an argument inside a store , which they said was packed with customers . `` There was a dude fighting with one or two dudes , and I kind of stopped and looked over there , '' Dawson said . One person pulled out a gun and started `` shooting everywhere . `` He said other shoppers began running when the shots were fired . They said a police officer was nearby and returned the fire.Dawson said the suspect appeared to have been hit twice by the police officer . They said they backed up against a wall and watched as people fled the scene.Don Willis , who works as a valet at the mall , said they heard gunshots , then saw a wave of people exiting the mall . `` It was wild . I heard the first shot and I thought , 'Wait . What was that ? ' And kind of like started turning around and walking and saw this huge line of people - wave of people coming - and I thought a bomb was about to go off , and I just took off , '' they said .
They said : “ While understandable reasons lead many , especially the young , to emigrate , this decision brings in its wake a great cultural and spiritual impoverishment to the city . Today I wish to repeat what I have said on other occasions : in the Holy Land there is room for everyone ! ”
On Sunday in Jordan the pope argued that Christians had a role here in reconciliation , that their very presence eased the strife , and that the decline of that presence could help to increase extremism . When the mix of beliefs and lifestyles goes down , orthodoxy rises , they implied , as does uniformity of the cultural landscape in a region where tolerance is not an outstanding virtue .
A Syrian international aid worker said , “ When other Arabs find out that I am Christian , many seem shocked to discover that you can be both an Arab and a Christian. ” The worker asked to remain anonymous so as not to bring attention to their faith .
The Middle East is now , of course , overwhelmingly Muslim . Except for Israel , with its six million Jews , there is no country where Islam does not prevail . This includes Lebanon , where Christians now amount to a quarter of the population , and the non-Arab countries of Iran and Turkey .
Local Christians are torn between sounding the alarm and staying mum , unsure whether attention will reduce the problem or aggravate it by driving out those who remain .
With Islam pushing aside nationalism as the central force behind the politics of identity , Christians who played important roles in various national struggles find themselves left out . And since Islamic culture , especially in its more fundamental stripes , often defines itself in contrast to the West , Christianity has in some places been relegated to an enemy — or least foreign — culture .
“ Unless there is a turn toward secularism in the Arab world , I do n't think there is a future for Christians here , ” said Sarkis Naoum , a Christian columnist for the Lebanese newspaper Al Nahar .
Photo
Just as some opponents of President Obama sought to defame them by claiming they were a Muslim , so in Turkey was President Abdullah Gul accused of having Christian origins . Mr. Gul won a court case last December against a member of Parliament who made the accusation .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A century ago there were millions of Christians in what is today Turkey ; now there are 150,000 . There is a house in Turkey where the Virgin Mary is believed to have spent their last days , yet the country 's National Assembly and military have no Christian members or officers except temporary recruits doing mandatory service . Violence against Christians has risen .
Among Palestinians , Islam is also playing an unprecedented role in defining identity , especially in Gaza , ruled by Hamas . Benedict 's arrival in Jerusalem on Monday prompted a radical member of the legislature in Gaza to call on Arab governments not to greet them because of their contentious remark in 2006 regarding the Prophet Muhammad .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The West Bank Palestinian leadership , more secular , tries to include Christians to ward off separatist sentiments and stop the population decline . It has been a losing battle . In 1948 , Jerusalem was about one-fifth Christian . Today it is 2 percent .
Rafiq Husseini , the chief of staff of President Mahmoud Abbas 's office , said of the exodus of Christians : “ It is a very negative thing if it continues to happen . Our task , from the president downwards , is to keep the presence of the Christians alive and well . ”
In Bethlehem , where the Church of the Nativity marks where Jesus is said to have been born , Christians now make up barely a third of the population after centuries of being 80 percent of it . Emigration is the first option for anyone who has the opportunity , and there are large communities of Christian émigrés throughout the West to absorb them .
“ Economy , economy , economy , ” said Fayez Khano , 63 , a member of the Assyrian community , explaining the reasons for the continuing exodus while cutting olive-wood figurines in their family workshop on Manger Street . Mr. Khano 's three adult children live in Dublin , and since business is slow they and their wife are about to go to Dublin for six months .
The story has been similar in Iraq . Of the 1.4 million Christians there at the time of the American invasion in 2003 , nearly half have fled , according to American government reports and local Iraqi Christians .
Many left early in the war when they were attacked for working with the Americans , but the exodus gained speed when Christians became targets in Iraq 's raging sectarian war . Churches were bombed , and priests as well as lay Christians were murdered . As recently as March 2008 , an archbishop was kidnapped and killed outside the northern city of Mosul .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And in Egypt , where 10 percent of the country is Coptic Christian , the prevalent religious discourse has drifted from what was considered to be a moderate Egyptian Islam toward a far less tolerant Saudi-branded Islam .
In Saudi Arabia , churches are illegal . In the rest of the Persian Gulf region , Christians are foreign workers without the prospect of citizenship .
The decline of the Christian population and voice in the region is not only a source of concern for Christians , but for broadminded Muslims as well .
“ Here in Lebanon , Muslims will often tell you Lebanon is no good without the Christians , and they mean it , ” said Kemal Salibi , a historian . “ The mix of religions and cultures that makes this place so tolerant would disappear . ”
Morrissey has fractured their index finger after being attacked by a dog . As they squabble with fans and searches for a new label , the noted vegetarian was apparently confronted by a canine critic – sending the singer to hospital . Thankfully , the incident will not interrupt their tour .
Here 's what we know : some time since their appearance at last week 's Hop Farm festival , Morrissey was attacked by a dog . It happened in England , according to their preferred online mouthpiece , True to You . `` Morrissey has attended hospital in Malmo ( Sweden ) where x-rays reveal a fractured index finger on their right hand , '' according to the site . `` The cracked bone is at the tip of the finger . The injury will not affect upcoming shows . ''
Unfortunately , the brief report raises almost as many questions as it does answers . What , er , happened ? Was it Morrissey 's dog or someone else 's ? Which hand did they hurt ? Why did n't they go straight to a doctor in the UK ? And if they had to wait , then why did n't they go to a Danish hospital ? Their gig last night was in Copenhagen , 25km from Malmo , and their tour does n't roll into Sweden until Thursday .
While most of Morrissey 's fans were suitably worried about their hero , their enemies at Morrissey-solo.com wallowed in schadenfreude . `` Any truth in the rumour that the dog then spat them out complaining that they were old , stale , tasteless and way past their use-by date ? '' wrote one , er , `` fan '' . Another snarked at the misfortune of the notorious animal rights activist . `` Do n't animals realise everything [ Morrissey ] has done for them ? The ungrateful bastards . ''
Despite Morrissey 's bit of bad news , there have been some happy tidings too . Tickets for their 8 August gig at the London Palladium reportedly sold out in five minutes . However , tickets are still available for the singer 's 7 August concert at the O2 Academy in Brixton .
In the United States of America today , churches and religious groups are treated with enormous sensitivity and deference by politicians and the media , a deference they have not earned . Far too often , the government and society in general bends over backwards to accommodate and encourage religious beliefs even when there is no rational reason why they should do so . The most egregious example of this is the sweeping tax exemptions granted to religion .
It is not just one tax that religious organizations are excused from paying , but an entire constellation of them . Clergy are exempt from federal taxes on housing and can opt out of Social Security and Medicare withholding . Religious employers are generally exempt from federal and state unemployment taxes , and in some states , religious publications are exempt from sales tax . Church benefit and retirement plans do not require the church employer to match its employees ' contributions . Churches are automatically exempted from filing annual public informational reports on their financial status and activities , and donations made to churches are eligible for income tax deductions . And , of course , the two major tax breaks : church groups do not have to pay income tax and do not have to pay taxes on property which they own .
It is time to end this unfair and unjustifiable special treatment . Religion has done nothing to deserve it , and has done much to disqualify itself . There are compelling reasons to tax the churches , and this post will examine them .
Repealing churches ' tax exemption prevents unnecessary and complicated legal tangles . At the moment , the tax-exempt status of a church gives groups a strong incentive to declare themselves to be religious organizations , which inevitably leads to protracted legal battles over whether a given organization is a church or not . ( The space alien cult of Scientology ‘ s multi-year legal battle with the U.S. government to win tax-exempt status is a case in point . ) This policy puts the government in the unenviable position of having to set policy on exactly what constitutes a religion .
As part of its tax-exempt status , a recognized church may not endorse candidates from the pulpit . However , it can speak out without restriction on issues , a loophole large enough to drive a truck through , and one which has been exploited to the hilt by church groups of every political faction . Any church leader with an ounce of intelligence can figure out how to use this as a backdoor strategy to make it exceedingly clear which candidate their parishioners are expected to vote for , and again the government is placed in the unenviable situation of examining church leaders ' statements and trying to figure out whether they only concern issues or whether they are about candidates ( and if a church leader takes all the same positions on the issues as a candidate , how is this any different from endorsing that candidate directly ? ) . If anything fosters an “ excessive entanglement ” between church and state , this does .
Eliminating the tax-exempt status of churches would neatly slice these two Gordian knots and solve both of these problems in a single stroke . If churches paid taxes like any other group , there would be no reason for anyone to fight over whether a particular group is “ religious enough ” to constitute a church or not , and no reason for anyone to affect that status as a tax strategy . And if churches could endorse candidates the ludicrous loophole that currently allows them to do so free of charge would be closed . They are already doing so anyway ; they might as well pay taxes for the privilege like everyone else .
Repealing churches ' tax exemption threatens no one 's freedom of religion . If a church sought to rent property from a private owner to conduct religious services but could not afford the rent that the owner was asking , would the church members ' freedom to practice their religion have been destroyed ? Obviously not : the freedom to practice religion that is guaranteed by the First Amendment does not mean that a religious group has an absolute right to take any property they want for their own use . Church taxation is the same . If a religious group could not afford to pay taxes on property that they owned , this does not mean that this group has been prevented from practicing its religion ; it means that the group must seek out a new location to do so , one which they can afford . In the highly unlikely scenario that a church could not find any property whose taxes they could afford to pay , they would still be free to hold services on public property , such as a park , or in their individual members ' residences . Even in such a case , no one 's freedom of religion has been infringed in any way . The only “ right ” that is threatened by church taxation is the facetious and imaginary right of a religious group to do anything they want just because they are religious .
Churches are fundamentally unlike the other kinds of groups that usually declare not-for-profit status . Charities and educational institutions , for example , serve all people equally . However , churches do not . They are free to discriminate , and do discriminate , against people who do not share their beliefs ( this is called the “ ministerial exemption ” ) . They can and do discriminate against people for being gay , for being women , for being unmarried , for their age , for having health problems , or for virtually any other reason . ( A recentarticle , “ Where Faith Abides , Employees Have Few Rights “ , gives more information on the liberties given to churches that would never be granted to any other employer . ) At the very least , these groups should pay taxes if they intend to treat their employees in this way . Even better , this special treatment should end , and they should be held to the same anti-discrimination rules as any other business .
In addition , unlike other tax-exempt entities , churches can and very often do make a substantial profit . A great number of church leaders enjoy wildly expensive and lavish lifestyles . What is so objectionable about asking these incredibly wealthy groups to pay taxes on the money they take in ?
Repealing churches ' tax exemption ends their unfair free ride . Most of all , churches should be taxed because it is the right thing to do . There is simply no good reason why churches should be tax-exempt . The common assertion that churches provides a necessary inducement to morality fails to find support in the evidence : multiple studies have found that nonbelievers are at least as moral as religious people , and possibly more so . For example , in The God Delusion , Richard Dawkins discusses a study which found that there was no statistically significant difference between the answers of atheists and the answers of religious people to a variety of moral dilemmas .
Additionally , the tax exemption given to churches harms the rest of us : because they do not pay taxes on the assets they own , all the rest of us must pay higher taxes to make up for that lost revenue . This ought to irk believers enough , knowing that they are paying more because of the vast assets owned by rival churches , but atheists are harmed worst of all . Having no equivalent organizations that are free to raise money and acquire assets with such abandon , we are in effect subsidizing all tax-exempt religious activity , to the tune of millions of dollars per year . ( An aside : If , as some apologists say , atheism is a religion , does that mean those apologists would support giving atheist groups the same tax exemption given to churches ? ) This baseless and unconstitutional discrimination should be ended immediately by taxing the churches .
Church tax exemptions also tilt the playing field and violate the principles of the free market . Allowing churches to buy up as much land as they want , and hold it forever without paying taxes , stifles the ability of other people to make meaningful use of that property in the future and grants churches an unfair advantage when providing social services that compete with other businesses . Even worse , churches are also unfairly exempt from many licensing and regulation requirements that all other types of businesses must comply with . Churches are even exempt from taxes on side assets like parking lots .
There can be no justification for this special treatment . Religious groups have been given a free ride for far too long just because they are religious . If churches want to take part in our society , they should contribute to its upkeep just like everyone else . It is time to tax the churches .
As racial separation in education steadily grows , California now leads the nation in children going to school with their own kind , a UCLA study released Wednesday contends .
On the 60th anniversary of the landmark U.S. Supreme Court Brown vs. Board of Education ruling intended to dismantle segregation , the report by UCLA 's Civil Rights Project says that California students are more likely than ever to attend racially isolated schools .
In the Bay Area , most schools followed the same pattern , though were more integrated than schools in Southern California .
The report analyzes data on all the state 's school districts and a few charter schools . It shows segregation both at school and state levels has come to be widely accepted . The average white student in Union Elementary District in San Jose attends classes that are 19 percent black and Latino , while across town the average Latino student in the Alum Rock Union district attends a school that is 82 percent black and Latino .
Even within school districts , racial divides persist . In Oakland Unified , the average Latino child attends a school where 83 percent of the students are black and Latino , compared with the average white child who attends a school where 45 percent of students are black and Latino .
Those results , study co-author Gary Orfield said , are “ disappointingly predictable. ” But the surprise is the racial separation unfolding in the suburbs , including the South Bay and East Bay . “ The sheer scope of the Latino transformation is more than what anybody expected , ” Orfield said .
School districts contend that they are indeed battling for equity . San Jose Unified spokesperson Traci Cook said the district offers choices in enrollment , free busing and magnet schools to lure students out of their neighborhoods , all part of a voluntary integration plan .
But 30 years after the district was sued for segregating Latino students , the average black or Latino student goes to a school that is 69 percent black and Latino , while the average white or Asian student goes to a school that is only 39 percent black and Latino .
Similarly , in Contra Costa County 's Mount Diablo Unified School District , the average Latino student attends a school that is 60 percent black and Latino , while the average white student attend a school that is 30 percent black and Latino .
The most segregated schools are in those communities that are overwhelmingly poor or wealthy . The average West Contra Costa black student attends a school that is 80 percent black or Latino ; the average Hillsborough white student attends a school that is 92 percent white and Asian .
The highest incidence of segregation is in Los Angeles and the Inland Empire , according to the report . Some of the most integrated schools are in the Fresno and Sacramento areas . Locally , the most integrated districts include Newark , Milpitas , San Mateo Union High and Castro Valley .
Statewide , by the report 's measures , Latinos and African-Americans are among the most racially isolated in the nation , which the report says “ calls into question the state 's racially progressive image . ”
The average black student in California attends a school that is 82 percent students of color . The average Latino student attends a school that is 84 percent students of color . While historically Texas was more segregated than California , the report says the Golden State has moved backward faster . In fact , 7.3 percent of California 's 10,000 schools are 99 percent nonwhite .
Overwhelmingly , low-income students are concentrated in schools with black and Latino students .
The risk of such separation , the report warns , is that Latinos , the fastest growing segment of California 's population , attend schools of poorer quality and fewer opportunities , and have the least success in higher education . The report warns that when “ the group with the most severe educational problems replaces the groups that have greater educational success , the pattern of schooling deserves and demands urgent attention . ”
The UCLA report contrasts today with just 20 years ago when no racial or ethnic group attended schools of overwhelming poverty , and all schools had substantial middle-class enrollment .
Among remedies the authors suggest are coordinating housing and education policy , improving teacher training in diversity , collaborating regionally and across districts , placing the strongest teachers with the most needy students and giving students from segregated schools priority in college admission .
But overall the report 's tone is dismal . Noting that California lacks initiatives or even discussion of the goals of Brown vs. Board , the report says , “ Segregation is again being accepted as normal , and its spread into suburbia is not being addressed , although people are leaving communities because of it . ”
Contact Sharon Noguchi at 408-271-3775 . Follow them at Twitter.com/NoguchiOnK12 .
BILLY Slater has recounted one of the most difficult weeks of their NRL career , revealing the intense torment they felt in grand final week last year .
After suffering a season-ending shoulder injury in round one , Slater had plenty of time to become accustomed to life on the sidelines in 2016 but nothing could prepare them for the envy they felt watching their teammates prepare for the big dance .
Speaking immediately after their match-winning preliminary final performance against the Broncos , the champion fullback admitted they had to give themselves a pep talk to snap themselves out of a “ selfish ” mindset that overcame them for a couple of days , so they could be a more positive influence around the team leading up to their grand final clash with the Sharks .
“ Very difficult . I remember one of the most awkward photos I 've ever had was the grand final photo , I think it was on the Tuesday , and I honestly did n't want to go , ” Slater said .
“ But I was a part of the team and I had to suck it up and go and get the photo but it was very awkward going into that room and going to get that photo done .
‘ COLD HEARTED ' : CRONK BOTTLING-UP BIG DECISION
Live stream the 2017 NRL Telstra Premiership on FOX SPORTS . Get your free 2-week FOXTEL NOW trial and start watching in minutes . SIGN UP NOW !
Billy Slater sits injured in the 2016 grand final team photo . Picture : Colleen Petch . Source : News Corp Australia
“ ... I felt the first few days of the week were really tough and I did n't really know how to approach it .
“ To be honest , there was one moment I was actually driving in the car with my wife and I just thought to myself , basically stop being selfish and thinking about myself .
“ I had the opportunity to help the team and from that moment I wanted to do everything possible to help the team prepare and I felt I did that from that moment on . ”
Slater 's change of mood was n't enough to turn the result for their side , with Melbourne falling agonisingly short as the Sharks triumphed for their first premiership win by two points .
No one will ever know if things had been different had Slater been fit but he 's determined to ensure grand final heartbreak does n't hit their club for a second consecutive season .
Billy Slater awaits the 2016 GF team photo with their kids Jake and Tyla Rose . Picture : Colleen Petch . Source : News Corp Australia
It 's a triumph of body and mind that Slater , now 34 , is even back on the field at NRL level , let alone playing at a standard worthy of one of the greatest players to ever grace their position .
With the preliminary final on a knife 's edge early in the second half , the veteran was one of the difference makers , scoring two crucial tries to give their extraordinary club another opportunity for grand final glory .
On the cusp of a massive personal achievement , Slater reflected on a torturous 24 months as they went through multiple surgeries on their left shoulder and was forced into two long stints of rehabilitation .
While they never gave up the fight to return to the field and refused to consider hanging up the boots , Slater admitted they had doubts that their shoulder would ever again be strong enough to cope with the rigours of professional rugby league .
Billy Slater celebrates with Suliasi Vunivalu and Will Chambers after a prelim final try vs Brisbane . Source : Getty Images
“ Did I know I was going to get back ? No . I honestly did n't know , ” Slater said .
“ I did n't know if my shoulder was going to let me or get strong enough to play in the NRL again , but I was certainly willing to give it a crack and it 's certainly fulfilling those enjoyments now and it 's all worth it .
“ It was a long road . I remember only a couple of weeks after last year 's grand final I was still training , I did n't stop training .
“ I suppose the good thing about it , and people might be surprised that I 'm 34 and think people usually lose their speed and their agility and all that sort of stuff , but I still had me legs and I was still able to improve in some areas of my game , so I was training a couple of weeks after the grand final last year and I just did n't want that opportunity to slip and when I did get my chance I was going to be ready .
“ ... Injuries are part of the game , everyone goes through them at different stages and I 've had my fair share . I suppose they certainly test you mentally . And I was tested mentally as much as anyone else .
“ ... I was never going to give up . I did n't know what my body was thinking but my mind certainly was never giving up . ”
In the narrative of the conquest of Canaan in the Book of Joshua , the Battle of Jericho is the first battle that is described . According to Joshua 6:1-27 , the walls of Jericho fell after Joshua 's Israelite army marched around the city blowing their trumpets . Excavations at Tell es-Sultan , the biblical Jericho , have failed to produce data to substantiate the biblical story , and scholars are virtually unanimous that the Book of Joshua holds little historical value .
Joshua 6:1-27 [ edit ]
The story of Jericho is told in Joshua 6:1-27 .
The first five books of the Hebrew Bible tell how Noah cursed Canaan to become a slave , and how God gave the land of the Canaanites to Abraham and their descendants . The children of Israel ( descendants of Abraham ) themselves became slaves in Egypt , but through Moses God brought them out of Egypt and to the borders of the promised land of Canaan . There Moses instructed them to seize the land by conquest , and placed them under the command of Joshua .
Joshua sent spies to Jericho , the first city of Canaan to be taken , and discovered that the land was in fear of Israel and their God . The Israelites marched around the walls once every day for six days with the priests and the Ark of the Covenant . On the seventh day they marched seven times around the walls , then the priests blew their ram 's horns , the Israelites raised a great shout , and the walls of the city fell . Following God 's law of herem the Israelites took no slaves or plunder but slaughtered every man , woman and child in Jericho , sparing only Rahab , a Canaanite prostitute who had sheltered the spies , and their family .
Origins and historicity [ edit ]
In 1868 , Charles Warren identified Tell es-Sultan as the site of Jericho . [ 4 ] In 1930–36 , John Garstang conducted excavations there and discovered the remains of a network of collapsed walls which they dated to about 1400 BCE . Kathleen Kenyon re-excavated the site over 1952–1958 and demonstrated that the destruction occurred c.1500 BCE during a well-attested Egyptian campaign of that period , and that Jericho had been deserted throughout the mid-late 13th century BCE . Kenyon 's work was corroborated in 1995 by radiocarbon tests which dated the destruction level to the late 17th or 16th centuries . A small unwalled settlement was rebuilt in the 15th century , but the tell was unoccupied from the late 15th century until the 10th/9th centuries .
Most scholars agree that the book of Joshua holds little of historical value . Its origin lies in a time far removed from the times it depicts , and its intention linked with a theological scheme in which Israel and their leaders are judged by their obedience to the teachings and laws ( the covenant ) set down in the book of Deuteronomy , rather than as history in the modern sense . The story of Jericho , and the conquest generally , probably represents the nationalist propaganda of the kings of Judah and their claims to the territory of the Kingdom of Israel after 722 BCE ; these chapters were later incorporated into an early form of Joshua written late in the reign of King Josiah ( reigned 640–609 BCE ) , and the book was revised and completed after the fall of Jerusalem to the Babylonians in 586 , and possibly after the return from the Babylonian exile in 538 . The combination of archaeological evidence and analysis of the composition history and theological purposes of the Book of Joshua led archaeologist William G. Dever to deem the biblical story of the fall of Jericho as `` [ not ] founded on genuine historical sources '' and `` invented out of whole cloth . ''
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
CLARKSVILLE , Tenn. ( CLARKSVILLENOW ) – Join the City of Clarksville along the banks of the Cumberland River to celebrate Clarksville 's river heritage at the 28th annual Riverfest Celebration , Sept. 8-10 , 2016 .
This FREE , three-day music and arts festival features three stages of local and nationally-known and diverse entertainers , cultural groups , delicious food , and fun for the entire family .
PHOTOS : Riverfest 2015
THURSDAY , SEPT. 8
The Festival kicks off on Thursday , Sept. 8 with the Riverfest Art Experience . This free event will be held at the Wilma Rudolph Event Center and Amphitheater at Liberty Park , beginning at 5 p.m . Event will include both a Juried Art Show and Film Festival featuring art and films from local talent . Food and drinks will be available to purchase .
FRIDAY , SEPT. 9
Riverfest continues Friday , Sept. 9 at McGregor Park with a performance by the Fort Campbell Army Band at 5 p.m. on the Miller Lite stage , followed by performances by Kendre Streter , Madeleine , and more . The First Baptist Church stage will host Christian performers Emma Feldman , Sons of Levi , Lydia Walker and more on the Riverbend stage . Back again , the Wicked Good Sandwiches Stage will once again feature alternative rock bands from across the mid-South .
SATURDAY , SEPT. 10
The entertainment continues beginning at noon on Sat. , Sept. 10 . The Miller Lite stage will feature Ramblin ' Man Music , Lacey Canfield , and a host of other country artists . On the Riverbend stage , watch as local dance academies strut their stuff followed by a Step Show hosted by Daymar Institute .
Saturday evening , the Miller Lite stage will light up the RiverWalk with performances by Jared Hard , Jon Royce Band , Runaway June and at 9 p.m. , singer and songwriter , Brandy Clark . On the Riverbend stage Head Trauma , Artifas , Almost Kings and more will perform followed by Shallow Side at 9 p.m .
For full entertainment lineup visit www.clarksvilleriverfest.com
McGregor Park , RiverWalk North ExtensionChildren can explore hands-on games and activities while learning about the environment and cultures . Enjoy performances by cultural groups every hour on Saturday .
Most games and activities are free for children . This includes the booths operated by our partner organizations and craft area . Children WILL be required to purchase a wristband if they wish to use the inflatables . The cost is $ 10 per person and is valid for unlimited use on both Friday and Saturday . The same wristband MUST be kept on if you will use it both Friday and Saturday . No replacements will be given . Inflatables will be available Friday from 5-8 p.m. and Saturday from noon to 8 p.m .
New this year – PARENTS : Pre-order your child 's wristband online today and pick it up at the Clarksville Parks + Rec Main office ( 102 Public Square ) through Sept. 8 or at the Info Booth located in the Kids Area at the Festival .
BE A DIVER SCUBA EXPERIENCE
McGregor Park Boat Launch Area – Friday and Saturday
A giant 60×40 tank will let visitors , ages 10 and up , test their scuba skills for FREE . The experience is brought by DEMA , the national diving education association , in partnership with Water Dogs Scuba .
HUMAN FOOSBALL TOURNAMENT
McGregor Park , RiverWalk North Extension
Saturday , Sept. 9 , 10 a.m. – 8 p.m .
Grab five of your favorite friends and compete for your chance to win ultimate bragging rights . Six-man teams will compete in this life-size version of your favorite table top game in one of three divisions : Youth ( 10-17 years old ) , Adults ( 18-30 years old ) , and Semi-Pro ( 31 years old and above ) . Cost is $ 60 for the entire team . Register your team today at www.clarksvilleriverfest.com .
CARDBOARD BOAT REGATTA
McGregor Park Boat Launch Area
Saturday , Sept. 10 , 10 a.m .
This fan favorite is back for the ninth year . Boats are constructed from recycled materials and raced down the Cumberland River in a 100-yard dash . Divisions include : adult , youth ( with adult ) , civic/churches , businesses , and local government agencies .
FOOD + DRINK
Food and drink are available to purchase with tickets ONLY . Tickets are available at six different ticket booth locations . No outside food or drink is allowed at the festival .
SHOPPING
Over 80 vendors with everything from handmade art , retail items , to great information from local businesses .
ROAD CLOSURES & PARK INFO
Friday , Sept. 9 and Saturday , Sept. 10
• 6 a.m. , Both south bound lanes on Riverside Drive and center turning lane closed . Only one north bound and one south bound lane will be open for two-way traffic .
• 7 p.m. until midnight Riverside Drive will be closed to through traffic from Spring Street to College Street .
• Midnight , Far south bound lane of Riverside Drive only closed .
The courtesy boat dock and boat ramp at the RiverWalk will be closed through Sunday evening . Boats can be anchored on the county side of the channel during the festival , however , no boat may anchor in the channel or on the RiverWalk side of the channel . River traffic may be subject to safety checks . There is no swimming in the event area after sunset , from the Train trestle to the Red River/Cumberland River confluence . These regulations are subject to change at any time .
PARKING & SHUTTLES
Free parking will be available at First Baptist Church parking lot . Shuttles taking patrons to Riverfest will run every 30-45 minutes on Saturday only , beginning at 10 a.m. and continuing until 11:15 p.m ..
Riverfest parking will not be permitted at Two Rivers Business Center at any time or at Riverside Drive businesses during their business hours . Handicap parking will be available at designated parking lots directly across from McGregor Park .
FESTIVAL POLICIES
• No pets allowed
• No outside food or drinks allowed
• No coolers allowed
• No weapons of any kind to include handgun permit carriers ( pocket knives not allowed )
• No roaming solicitation allowed
• No flash photography , camcorders , or recording devices during headlining concerts ( after 8 p.m . )
• No fights or foul language
• No amplification devices allowed
• Any violation of these policies will result in immediate confiscation of items and/or expulsion from the festival .
Scripture once offered five answers to good and evil , but only two of them made it into the Bible as we now know it . The other three were cut as an accidental side-effect of bookmaking technology .
Fortunately , history has not completely erased these ancient jewels , which survive to complement the Bible 's answer to the most timeless of questions , Why is my life like this ?
According to Deuteronomy , good things happen to good people and bad things happen to bad people . Follow God 's ways and you will prosper . Stray from God 's ways and you will perish .
This is the first answer to good and evil , and it 's simple , compelling , and attractive . The world is fundamentally fair . But even in antiquity , this theology 's biggest failing was evident : it does n't work . We all know good people who suffer and bad people who thrive .
The Book of Job addresses this obvious shortcoming . There , the uber-righteous Job suffers almost unspeakable losses . Toward the end of the book , Job asks God why they have suffered so terribly . God answers along the lines of : “ Who do you think you are ? You do n't even know how I made the oceans . What makes you think you could ever understand good and evil , suffering and joy ? ”
According to the Book of Job , life is fundamentally enigmatic . “ God works in mysterious ways , ” we might now say . Though potentially accurate , that theology does n't usually offer much help to people who are suffering .
Three books that were almost lost explore good and evil more deeply . They are the Life of Adam and Eve , which tells the second half of the Adam and Eve story and details the first couple 's life after exile from the Garden of Eden ; the Apocalypse of Abraham , which exposes Abraham 's childhood ; and the Book of Enoch , which , among other things , explains the mysterious Watchers of Genesis .
Toward the beginning of the Life of Adam and Eve , Adam confronts the Devil with the question we all want answered . “ What did I ever to do you , ” Adam demands to know , “ that you should hunt me like this ? ” In other words , Why do people suffer ? The Devil explains that they torment people not because of anything they do , but because of who they are . Having been created little less than divine , humans automatically attracted the wrath of the Devil .
Unlike in Deuteronomy , suffering here is not a punishment . It 's not something we deserve . And there is nothing we could have done differently . Suffering is simply part of being human . We are asking the wrong question with , Why is this happening to me ? Life is fundamentally a mixed bag .
The Apocalypse of Abraham goes a step further . In the second part of this sometimes troubling book , God grants Abraham a personal audience , which the first monotheist uses to ask , “ Why do people suffer ? ” God answers that suffering is ultimately of human origin . “ So why did You create humans who were capable of causing suffering ? ” Abraham — along with both ancient and modern readers — wants to know .
God answers that the ability to do harm is an inextricable part of free will . Our unique ability to choose makes life worth living , but also makes it possible to choose evil over good . According to the Apocalypse of Abraham , life is fundamentally in our own , collective , control .
The boldest answer comes from the Book of Enoch . Written before the Book of Daniel and quoted in the Book of Jude , Enoch was among the most beloved and popular writings in antiquity , but it was whitewashed from mainstream religion in the first millennium AD .
Enoch 's position is that God designed a perfect universe , one which had no evil or suffering . But then things went awry . Even God 's own angels deviated from their proper course . We suffer , says Enoch , but God does n't want us to . Misery was n't part of God 's plan . According to the Book of Enoch , life is fundamentally a little out of control .
These five answers combine to offer a more balanced perspective on life . The demise of a parent , the loss of a spouse , or the devastating death of a child ; joblessness , divorce , or hunger ; and the shattered dreams of childhood or the surprising realities of adult life : All of these are tied up with the mystery of Job and the reward and punishment of Deuteronomy , but also with Enoch 's imperfect world , with Abraham 's realization that it 's the price we pay for the ability to choose , and the penetrating observation from Adam and Eve that to live life as a human is to mix suffering with joy .
A bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along a Florida beach in an unbelievable photograph .
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach by John Bailey , WPTV reported .
Bailey told the television station that the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water .
Scroll down for video
Life in the water : A bobcat was snapped hauling a shark along Sebastian Inlet State Park
However , Bailey told WPTV the bobcat might have been scared by their presence , since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find .
Amy Kight , Busch Wildlife Sanctuary 's Animal Care Director , told WPTV : 'My first reaction was amazement that somebody actually took that picture because bobcats are generally very , very reclusive .
'You do n't really see them out and about too often . '
A spokesperson for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has said they believe the image is genuine .
FWC 's Liz Barraco told WESH 'There is no reason to believe it 's fake . '
The bobcat exhibited typical behavior , FWC officials told the NBC affiliate station .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May : We still want to cut net migration to 'tens of thousands '
Theresa May has indicated that the Conservatives will again promise to cut net migration to the `` tens of thousands '' in their election manifesto .
Speaking in Harrow , they said migration levels were having an impact on public services and low-paid workers .
Asked if this meant the target - missed repeatedly since 2010 - could be hit , they said it was important to continue to aim for `` sustainable '' levels .
Other parties said the target was `` artificial '' and should be dropped .
On Sunday , Home Secretary Amber Rudd refused to say whether the pledge - which was in the 2010 and 2015 Tory manifestos - would be repeated but the BBC understands it will definitely be in the 2017 manifesto , due to be published next week .
Net migration is the difference between the numbers of people moving to the UK for more than a year , and the numbers of people leaving the UK to live elsewhere for a year or more . The most recent figure was 273,000 and the last year that it was below 100,000 was 1997 .
Questions had been raised about whether the target would be retained after Culture Secretary Karen Bradley recently said that immigration was `` not about putting numbers on it '' but about ensuring Britain had the skilled workers it needed .
Image copyright PA Image caption Net migration has been above 300,000 for much of the past two years
Analysis
By political editor Laura Kuenssberg
While Theresa May has recommitted to the target that she , as home secretary , missed for six years in a row , ministers have been busy reassuring businesses they will be able to get the people they need , whether builders , bankers , or fruit pickers . If the economy needs them , they will be allowed to come .
That does n't sound like a recipe for getting the numbers down to Theresa May 's preferred level . And even though we are on our way out of the EU , there is still huge scepticism over whether the target is remotely achievable . So why keep it ?
Read more from Laura
Ms Rudd told BBC Radio 5 live 's Pienaar 's Politics on Sunday that while they believed immigration should be lowed , the party had a `` lot to think through '' and the manifesto would not be `` identical '' to previous ones .
But on a campaign visit in north-west London , Mrs May indicated there would be no back-tracking from the target . Net migration numbers , they said , had gone up and down over the past few years but the commitment still stood .
`` I think that it is important that we do say and continue to say that we do want to bring migration to sustainable levels . We believe that is the tens of thousands . ''
They added : `` Once we leave the EU , we will of course have the opportunity to ensure we have control of our borders . We will be able to establish our rules for people coming from the EU . That is a part of the picture we have not been able to control before . ''
EU migrants accounted for about 44 % of the 596,000 people who came to the UK in the year to last September ,
Of these , an estimated 294,000 came to work , 134,000 were long-term students , 74,000 came to join existing family members while 61,000 came for other reasons - including asylum seekers and those receiving medical treatment .
Before the Brexit vote , the Conservatives sought to reduce the `` pull factors '' which it said were attracting EU migrants , such as access to benefits . Now they have promised new migration controls once freedom of movement no longer applies , but they have yet to set out the precise model they would adopt .
Dr Carlos Vargas-Silva , from Oxford University 's Migration Observatory , said they expected the target to apply to a longer period than five years and possibly exclude certain groups .
`` The key question is to what point this is going to be a flexible target ... and react to the economy and new developments in the country , '' they told BBC Radio 4 's Today .
Image caption There have been calls for students to be taken out of the migration statistics
`` The previous one was fixed . It did not change over five years . Maybe this one will be adjusted along the way . ''
But they said ministers would still face the challenge of reducing levels of migration from outside the EU . Although figures are currently at a three year low and well down on 2010 , they remain above the 250,000 mark . Students currently account for about 70 % of the total .
Labour says it accepts that the principle of the free movement of people - which EU leaders say goes hand-in-hand with single market membership - would have to end after Brexit but that new immigration controls should not be the `` overarching priority '' as the UK leaves .
Jeremy Corbyn said migrants working in the UK 's public services made a `` massive contribution '' and changes to the system resulting from Brexit had to be fair .
`` Theresa May made that promise in 2010 and made the same promise in 2015 , and did n't get anywhere near it on any occasion at all , '' they said .
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said the target was a product of political manoeuvring and `` meant very little '' while Green Party co-leader Jonathan Bartley said it had helped `` split up families and encouraged hostility towards migrants '' .
UKIP said the target was `` vacuous '' and the Conservatives had broken their promises `` time and time again '' on the issue .
Announcing its own proposals , including a five-year ban on unskilled and low-skilled foreign labour , it said its ambition to reduce net migration to zero would put `` clear water '' between itself and the other parties .
Sign up to get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily , no spam , no fuss .
Capcom 's free-to-play online adventure Deep Down will be delayed so that Capcom can take full advantage of the PlayStation 4 hardware , the company has said .
While Deep Down has only been currently confirmed for release in Japan , the game was expected to go into beta roughly around the same time the PlayStation 4 launches in Japan on February 22 .
`` About Deep Down , I think we 'll give full fledged information to everyone after the summer , so you may have to wait for a little while beyond the launch [ of PS4 ] on February 22nd , '' said producer Kazunori Sugiura in Dengeki Online ( translated via Dual Shockers )
Explaining the decision , Sugiura said that the team wants to take full advantage of the hardware inside the PS4 . `` Since we do n't want to risk being told ‘ This could have been done on PS3 ! ' we want to finish a game that fully uses the PS4 hardware specs . ''
Deep Down is set in 2094 New York , though the game has a Medieval aesthetic . The game is said to feature four-player co-op play with randomly generated dungeons .
FRISCO , Texas ( Tuesday , Feb. 10 ) – FC Dallas has signed midfielder Fabian Castillo to a new five-year deal , the club announced today . Per league and team policy , the terms of the agreement will not be disclosed .
“ We 're very excited to have secured the services of Fabian Castillo for the future , ” said FC Dallas Technical Director Fernando Clavijo . “ He is the future of this franchise . They are a player we have been able to help grow . We also believe they have yet to achieve their full potential . FC Dallas has a more mature and complete player in Fabian today than we did a few years ago , but each year they remain with FC Dallas , the better they will become . ”
Castillo , 22 , enjoyed a breakout season in 2014 . They notched career highs in goals ( 10 ) , minutes played ( 2,282 ) , games started ( 26 ) , shots ( 74 ) and shots on goal ( 32 ) . Four of their 10 goals were game-winning goals . They were named to the MLS Team of the Week four times and was named FC Dallas ' Team MVP following the season .
In four seasons with FC Dallas , Castillo has scored 20 goals , putting them 12th all-time in club history .
Seventy women in Prince George donned Muslim head scarves , most for the first time , as part of a 'hijab for a Day ' event at the University of Northern B.C. , in Prince George this week .
70 women don hijab for a day
Students from the campus women 's centre presided over a box of colourful scarves , offering women on their way to class a chance to wear a hijab around campus .
`` I 'm not Muslim , but I just got a hijab put on me by another student , '' said Dara Campbell . `` There are a lot of myths and false things that go around about what a hijab means . We should understand other women 's choices . ''
`` I do n't wear the hijab , but putting it on today , I felt super fierce , '' said Yousra Moutii , an environmental engineering student at UNBC , right , with Hira Rashid , left . ( Betsy Trumpener/CBC )
The idea , said student organizer Hira Rashid , is to de-stigmatize and demystify the hijab and encourage people to ask questions .
Hijab ' a symbol of free expression '
`` It 's not just a piece of cloth . It 's not a symbol of oppression , '' said Rashid , who used to wear hijab but no longer does . `` It 's a choice . It 's a symbol of free expression . ''
Social work student Modupe Abioye tried on a head scarf before heading to class .
`` It takes a lot of courage to wear it , '' said Abioye . `` You stand out . People look at you . Some are brave to ask questions , [ but ] a lot of people are looking at me and looking away . ''
`` People should n't be judged for what they put on their head , '' said Abioye . `` That should n't be any reason for people to hit you , judge you , give you some nasty words . Having it on does n't make you a jihadist . ''
'It takes a lot of courage to wear it '
Beside the campus Tim Hortons , student Anna Saenz modelled their borrowed hijab for friends .
`` It 's really cool , '' said Saenz . `` The more you know about it , the less afraid you are of it . ''
Maria Amir wears a hijab every day.Today , they enjoyed being one among many .
`` In class , when you 're the only person wearing it , it 's a bit awkward . Especially now , when you get so much negative feedback in the media , '' said Amir . `` But when you see so many people [ in a hijab ] , it feels really good . ''
Hear the reactions from women trying a hijab for the first time .
For more stories from northern B.C . follow CBC Daybreak North on Facebook .
Barcelona reject Madrid complaints
Barcelona have dismissed Real Madrid 's “ easy excuses ” after Carlo Ancelotti and Sergio Ramos blamed referee Alberto Undiano for their Clasico defeat .
• Hunter : No fortune for the brave
• Rigg : What ifs for Real Madrid
• Tomas : Neymar and Alexis tip balance
Madrid were beaten 2-1 at the Camp Nou on Saturday as La Liga leaders Barça moved six points clear of their arch-rivals , but the visitors felt they should have had penalties for an Adriano handball and a Javier Mascherano push on Cristiano Ronaldo .
After the match , Ancelotti said : “ There were two clear penalties and although I do n't like to try and justify defeats by talking about referees , there are some things you can not fight against . ”
Ramos also believed the visitors should have had two “ blatant ” penalties , and added : “ There are things you ca n't do anything about . I 've said it before . The ref decided the result . ”
The Barcelona camp had little sympathy , though , with Cesc Fabregas saying they themselves was the victim of a “ crystal clear ” penalty when fouled by Pepe , and Dani Alves argued that Ramos should have been given “ the red card they deserved ” in the game .
Sergio Busquets was particularly forthright when asked about Madrid 's “ crying ” over the officials .
“ Every time they lose they resort to the easy excuse of blaming the referee , but they ca n't complain and much less so this season , ” they said .
Written by Ashish Thusoo , cofounder and CEO of Qubole , a big data startup .
I was working on some mundane “ big data ” problem late afternoon , when I heard a colleague mention with a lot of excitement an article about big data . I was forwarded this snapshot and was instantly asked for my take on the subject by my colleague :
Well , quite simply : He 's right . There 's no need for big data when you have structured datasets that fit into the computing capacity of a single machine . I mean , why bring in heavy machinery when all you need is to pick up a few tables and chairs ? But the majority of people , just like Jeff Atwood , took the wrong side on the discussion and attacked Hadoop . While I agree on many of those points , I believe it was a great opportunity to address some of the Buzzword Bingo people are playing .
Hadoop And Big Data
Let 's be short : Big Data , in this sense , suffers just like Agile . While it must be sensed as a set of beliefs and practices , people have a cognitive affinity not to concepts , but to tools . Agile was reduced to Scrum , Testing , and Kanban Boards , and some people even really tried hard to map the Waterfall as an Agile Method ( it is n't ) .
Same thing happens to Big Data . Hadoop is only one of the enablers of Big Data , but Big Data itself should be seen as a set of ideals . I 'll try to outline :
* Decoupling Abstractions of Storage and Processing : At the turn of the century , it was essential for an organization to pick smartly where it should store its data in order to process it . Depending on the nature of the data and the type of processing it needed , organizations would use technologies that used proprietary data formats and were expensive - data warehouses of yesteryear .
I believe this is Hadoop 's first radical shift : By decoupling storage ( HDFS ) from processing ( MapReduce ) , it offered developers a real choice of options , and permitted people to be able to handle several heterogeneous data types ( csv files , json files , and external services ) without the need to rely on a vendor extension or be afraid of any vendor lock in .
* Embraces Heterogeneity : In the example , the author mentioned Pandas , which is an amazing platform for general data Handling . Pandas itself was modeled after R 's concept of a data frame . Unfortunately , Pandas is one of a kind , and if you want to have something equivalent to Pandas ' power , you need to use either Python or R. Depending on the platform you choose , it is going to be tricky .
This is not a case against Python or R. Their problem is that you 're stuck to a single language . Hadoop allows Java and Scala to act as first-class citizens , but you 're not limited to that , and you can use basically anything which is able to read a name and print “ Hello World ” by using Hadoop Streaming . Language heterogeneity means that the same data set , stored in the same file system , in the same open format , can now be accessed through many different types of abstractions - giving users an option to choose the tools that they want to use .
* The Data Culture : All organizations could have access to relevant data , without too much bureaucracy or resource limitations . It is no secret that the current large Hadoop deployments are used by several different departments , including unusual suspects like marketing in order to gain more insight and answers . Compare this to traditional approaches which required an expensive operation team . Requests were served on a “ best effort ” basis .
By turning storage and processing into a commodity , Hadoop allows organizations to be more nimble and agile . SQL-based Hadoop ( read : Hive ) could be used by SQL users , or a new product team could instead use scalding ( which the author admits is great ) or standard Unix Streaming to achieve results , or a data scientist could use Python libraries that they have come to depend on , all in the same framework and more importantly on the same infrastructure .
The key aspect here is self-service . By allowing people to play and tinker with data , self-service technologies allow people to fail quickly and cheaply , and this allows innovation to happen .
Hadoop Defined
I believe Hadoop should really be considered for what it is , which means :
* A File System Abstraction : By default , its HDFS , but you could use cloud object stores such as S3 or even local files as data stores .
* A Parallel Processing Framework : MapReduce deserves to be remembered for being a great case for “ Embarrassingly Parallel ” . This is defined as so easy to resolve in parallel that you 're somewhat Embarrassed by its simplicity when solving .
* An Ecosystem : By turning those two aspects into services , it allows several other frameworks and platforms to be built upon it .
By decoupling the first two , it allowed the third to happen . The second one is a key concern in the article : True , MapReduce is not suited for all cases , but it is suited for the great majority of it , especially a lot of counting and correlation problems . And in computing , being able to solve 95 % using 5 % of the time allows you to look at the remaining 95 % as something you could nail into something useable by MapReduce or something else ( remember : “ If your hammer is the only tool at your disposal… ” ) .
So your take is…
While I admit the author is right at some point - you do n't need Hadoop for what is not big data - I believe the article completely missed the point on some other aspects which make Hadoop attractive for usage , especially around how it democratizes data and the rich variety of interfaces it and the ecosystem of its projects give to the data users .
Ashish is the CEO and co-founder of Qubole , a pioneering Big Data startup . Ashish is also the co-creator of Apache Hive and served as the project 's founding Vice President at the Apache Software Foundation . Before Qubole , Ashish ran the Data Infrastructure team at Facebook , leading the team in the creation of one of the largest data processing and analytics platform in the world .
by Eldon MacDonald ( edited by @ ChrisRalphTHW )
The mid-sized forwards ( 6 ' 0 to 6 ' 2 ) have been okay as a group but most have issues of some sort – injury , offensive game or defensive game that has limited their elevation in the prospect 's rankings . All five of the following forwards are still ranked in the first round in the 2015 NHL Draft War Room Top 100 Rankings . The two future franchise forwards named McDavid and Eichel were not included in the top five given they are both in another stratosphere in this draft class .
2015 NHL Draft War Room :
Top 5 Average-Sized Forwards ( 6 ' 0 to 6 ' 2 , Not Including Connor McDavid or Jack Eichel )
( Overall December War Room ranking in brackets from NHL Draft Ultimate Prospect Tracker ; stats through Dec. 20th )
1 . Mathew Barzal ( 12th from 4th pre-season ranking )
Seattle , WHL , C , R , 6 ' 0 , 177 ( 16-7-11-18 )
Mathew , I had 4th overall coming out of the gate . I expected them to be this year 's Sam Reinhart ( Buffalo – 2014 – 2nd overall ) , a player who out-thinks their opposition as well as having high-end passing and stickhandling skills . However , this year has been just OK for Mathew with just over a point a game , not enough for a modest-sized forward to rate top 10 for me . Why the difference versus expectations ? Was it a minor injury or is they just not as good as I thought . Whatever the answer , it will have to await Mathew 's return to hockey in early January from a knee injury .
Here is an example of why a lot of scouts like Mathew Barzal .
[ Editor 's Note : For the record , I am still enamoured with Barzal 's potential . As I noted on Twitter in November : “ Through 15 @ TheWHL GP , contributing on a # WHL best 45.95 % of @ SeattleTbirds goals for . # THW ” ]
For your second intermission reading , here is my feature with Mathew Barzal : http : //t.co/AIZYwosB7w — Andy Eide ( @ AndyEide ) October 18 , 2014
2 . Kyle Connor ( 17th from 9th pre-season )
Youngstown , USHL , C , L , 6 ' 1 , 182 ( 21-11-15-27 )
After a great 2013-14 season and a great U18 tournament last spring , I thought Kyle Connor would start the season on fire . However , Kyle had a rather mundane start to the season with just 18 points in their first 16 games . They have been picking it up of late though as they have put up 9 points in their last 5 games . I think Kyle has turned the corner and you will continue to see the high-end results expected of a player with excellent skating , stickhandling , drive and creativity not to mention a decent defensive game . If Kyle continues on their recent pace , they will be hard-pressed to keep out of the top 10 .
Here are a couple of back-to-back goals against the Dubuque Fighting Saints for your viewing pleasure .
3 . Colin White ( 18th from 5th pre-season )
US U18 NTDP , C , 6 ' 0 , 183 ( 19-10-10-20 )
Colin was 5th in my pre-season rankings as I thought they were poised to produce some high-end offense . While that high-end offense did n't materialize , an all-around player who does all the little things right did . Colin is this year 's version of Curtis Lazar ( Ottawa – 2013 – 17th overall ) or Dylan Larkin ( Detroit – 2014 – 15th overall ) . I expect Colin will end up selected somewhere in the teens like Colin and Dylan did before him .
http : //t.co/NpWH0tZaAn
# 15 Colin White @ colinwhite37
Versatile center who exudes character & leadership through play . Developing skill-set . — ISS Hockey ( @ ISShockey ) December 18 , 2014
4 . Daniel Sprong ( 20th from 15th pre-season )
Charlottetown , QMJHL , RW , R , 6 ' 0 , 192 ( 36-20-20-40 )
Daniel Sprong was a player I had high expectations for coming into their draft year . They had an excellent playoff last spring against the Halifax Mooseheads and then when they appeared in camp with an almost NHL sized body ( 6 ' 0 , 192 lb . ) I thought top ten was a real possibility . Such has not been the case so far as Daniel has continued the tendency ( but to a lesser extent ) to be one man show and has not improved as much as I thought they would in spite of playing with much better centres this year ( Filip Chlapik or Kameron Kielly ) . Part of the problem I think is that Daniel Sprong is wound up tighter than a two-dollar watch . You get some sense of this in Sportsnet 's interview with their General Manager , Grant Sonier . If they can get this mental issue to their game under control , I think you will see more of that Patrick Kane or Phil Kessel type game that their style has been compared to .
Here are a couple of goals from Daniel against the Moncton Wildcats to give you some idea of their skill level .
[ Editor 's Note : Sprong is heating up with 9 points in their last 6 games and 4 goals in their last 3 games . ]
5 . Brock Boeser ( 24th from 50th pre-season )
Waterloo , USHL , RW , R , 6 ' 1 , 192 ( 21-12-14-26 )
I was admittedly not very familiar with Brock coming into the season . I knew that they had a shot that made them a potential big-time goal scorer but that was about it . A big-time goal scorer they turned out to be . They tied for the goal scoring lead in the summer Ivan Hlinka tournament and continued that success in the regular USHL season with 12 goals in just 21 games . They have that big time shot , quick release and the ability to get into position to utilize it . Normally , I would rate Brock higher than 24 due to their goal-scoring ability but their play without the puck has been disappointing . They play smaller than their decent size frame ( 6 ' 1 , 192 lb . ) would suggest . Their team , the Waterloo Black Hawks , has been like the Montreal Canadiens this year – they do n't have wins and losses ; they have wins and catastrophes and I witnessed some of the latter . I believe that Brock could use some work in the gym on their physical strength so that they could get comfortable playing a more physical style of game on the ice . It will be interesting to see how Brock and the rest of the Black Hawks powerplay do now that their power play quarterback Brandon Montour has joined the University of Massachusetts Minutemen hockey team . They recently won gold with Team USA at World Junior A tournament , scoring a tying goal and setting up Tommy Novak 's goal which clinched it :
It took 33 shots , but Brock Boeser ends Sorenson 's incredible shutout . Great wrist shot over the blocker . 1-1 with 8 to go in 2nd . # WJAC2014 — Steven Ellis ( @ StevenEllisNHL ) December 20 , 2014
More from the 2015 NHL Draft War Room “ Top Five ” Series
A 20-year-old Eugene man who allegedly shot and killed a teenage friend at an apartment party is scheduled to go on trial Tuesday on a manslaughter charge that will put them behind bars for a minimum of 10 years if they are convicted .
Shooting suspect Zachary Beauchamp appeared Friday in Lane County Circuit Court for a pretrial hearing , where a judge ruled that prosecutors will be allowed to present to a jury evidence that Beauchamp gave incriminating statements to police after they were arrested in the Aug. 30 death of 17-year-old Eugene resident Justin Gardner .
Beauchamp�s lawyer , Jacob Daniels , had sought to have those statements excluded from trial , and accused Eugene police of improperly coercing a confession out of their client .
But Judge Maurice Merten � after listening in court to Beauchamp�s post-arrest , recorded interview with detectives � said they �saw nothing coercive� and concluded Beauchamp voluntarily gave the information to investigators .
During the interview , Beauchamp told police they fired a gunshot through the door of a unit at the Stadium Park Apartments on Commons Drive because they feared several men who attended a party there were about to attack him .
Authorities allege the bullet struck and killed Gardner . Beauchamp , who cried throughout the interview with police , told detectives that Gardner was a friend of theirs who had arrived at the party with them and Sean Edward Jones , who also was arrested in the case .
�I was just trying to protect us , � Beauchamp told Eugene police Detective Mel Thompson during the interview , in explaining why they fired the gun .
�I didn�t think it was Justin , � Beauchamp said . �I really , really didn�t.�
Beauchamp is charged with first-degree manslaughter . Prosecutors allege they killed Gardner in a reckless act , and do not accuse Beauchamp of intentionally shooting the teenager .
Jones , who had been set to join Beauchamp on trial next week , instead pleaded guilty on Friday to a felony charge of unlawful use of a weapon , along with misdemeanor counts of menacing and recklessly endangering another person . They accepted a plea deal with prosecutors that calls for them to be sentenced to 15 months in prison when they return to court on Dec. 17 , defense attorney Dan Kruse said .
Daniels said in court that they expect Jones will testify against Beauchamp at trial .
Jones , 20 , of Springfield , fired at least one gunshot at the party � but did not injure anyone � before they fled the scene with Beauchamp . Jones was on probation at the time for a prior weapons offense , having been convicted in July 2014 of unlawful possession of a firearm .
Follow Jack on Twitter @ JackMoranRG . Email jack.moran @ registerguard.com .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Jan. 14 , 2015 , 4:21 AM GMT / Updated Jan. 14 , 2015 , 12:52 PM GMT
A Utah woman is thrilled that their 3-year-old son figured out the password to their cellphone after the boy was able to answer a call from police looking for the car they were in when it was stolen and abandoned Tuesday .
Ogden police called Aiden Barrios a hero and named them an honorary Junior Police Officer for the day after they honked the horn at the request of an officer while they sat in their mom 's 2012 Mazda 3 , alerting police to where they are . Elizabeth Barrios told NBC station KSL of Salt Lake City that their son was able to get the instructions because they not only knew how to answer their cellphone — which she 'd left with them in the running car while they made a quick stop — but they even knew them password .
`` I 'm so glad we found them as fast as we did , '' said Barrios , who said they would never again leave their car running during quick stops . `` Just be very careful . Even if you do n't think it can happen to you , it can . It can . ''
IN-DEPTH
SOCIAL
— M. Alex Johnson
A 22-year-old man suffered an erection for seven weeks after a mountain bike crash . The hard-on finally subsided after two weeks of medical treatment in a hospital .
`` It was an anxious time for the patient , as it would be for any young man , '' Dr. Ronan Browne , a doctor at Dublin 's Tallaght Hospital , where the man was treated , told the Irish Examiner .
The man received the injury—described as `` high-flow '' priapism `` with rigid erection '' —after crashing into their handle bars . For reasons that are n't clear , they waited five weeks before seeking treatment at Dublin 's Tallaght Hospital , where it took doctors two weeks to find a cure .
From the Irish Examiner :
Medics eventually treated the man after inserting gel foam and four tiny platinum coils at an abnormal connection between an artery and a vein that supplied blood to the man 's penis . This reduced the high-flow blood supply to the penis , ending the erection .
`` We were very happy with the outcome , '' Browne said , adding that they expect the man to make a full recovery from their `` unusual '' injury .
[ Image via Shutterstock ]
The world 's second-largest economy is tightening its grip on online media , with new government regulations that aim to curb information published and distributed on the internet .
The rules , issued by the Cyberspace Administration of China ( CAC ) , become effective June 1 and apply to websites , blogs , livestreaming video , mobile messaging and social platforms . The government also specifically singled out topics including politics , economy , military , foreign affairs and `` other areas of public interest . ''
All services must have a Chinese citizen as the top editor , and all editorial staff must be officially credentialed and approved by regulators . While this has been a longstanding requirement of traditional news media operating in the mainland , online channels have fallen into a gray area .
The new curbs are meant to `` strengthen management of information on the internet , promote the healthy and orderly development of internet news , in accordance to law , '' the CAC said in a statement published online .
This is the latest move by Beijing to restrict what information mainland citizens can access online .
The author 's Williamsburg apartment .
A weeklong series of ideas for improving urban life .
It 's been six years and several hundred guests since I first tossed the second bedroom in my Williamsburg apartment on Airbnb , and in that time I 've been labeled “ the king of Airbnb in NYC ” by the New York Post , used revenue from the site to fund a hit iPhone app and pay for an apartment renovation , hosted the company 's CEO , met future business partners and friends , and been on the receiving end of a nearly endless supply of gifted wine and chocolate from all corners of the Earth .
In other words , life as a top Airbnb host can be very , very good . But with 38,000 listings in NYC alone , competition is fierce . And reaping these rewards is contingent upon staying near the top of the site 's search results , rather than getting buried at the bottom . So check your local laws , file any applicable taxes , do your best not to piss off your landlord , and steal some of my simple , pulled-from-the-field tricks for joining me at the top of the home-sharing game .
Take your inspiration from me . Photo : Richard E. Aaron/1981 Richard E. Aaron
Screen your guests , David Lee Roth–style .
Finding a great guest on Airbnb is a lot like online dating : The best matches are the ones who have actually read your profile and are n't just spamming a “ ‘ sup ” at everybody in a ten-mile radius . These guests are more likely to actually want to stay at your place and wo n't be disappointed when they see that your four-roommate Bushwick walk-up is n't the Ritz . The challenge then becomes getting potential guests to read your listing , and screening for those who do .
For this , we turn to a trick I stole from our good friend David Lee Roth . As anybody who listens to “ This American Life ” knows , the high-kicking Van Halen singer was infamous for long and incredibly detailed tour riders that included seemingly arbitrary requests such as a demand that no brown-colored M & Ms be allowed backstage . Of course , as we now know , Diamond Dave 's request was less about being a diva and more about serious safety : If the band spotted any of the verboten candies , they could instantly and easily determine that the venue had not thoroughly read their rider — and with complex technical and pyrotechnic demands , that was a serious warning sign .
Which is why I hide a seemingly innocuous request deep in my Airbnb listing : that potential guests repeat a simple code phrase back to me at the top of their initial message . If I see “ Bonus points are fun ” ( or whatever your phrase of choice is ) , I know they 've read my listing . If they do n't , I give them another chance with a simple note : “ I find that guests have the best experience when they read my listing in its entirety , as it likely answers any questions you have. ” Usually , the guest will come back with the code phrase and a laugh , and we 'll complete the booking . If they do n't , I do n't want them anyway .
Hack the algorithm .
Maintaining a high placement in the Airbnb search results can be a single-minded obsession . The company uses a complex algorithm to rank how listings show up in search , and understanding the data points that go into this system can be the difference being seen by millions of potential guests and relatively few .
According to Vanessa Schneider , Airbnb 's host communications manager , here are a few things that can help your search ranking ( beyond the obvious of getting a ton of great reviews ) :
Respond quickly and to every single guest inquiry — even if it 's just to politely decline their request . You 'd better believe Airbnb tracks how quickly you get back to potential guests . To help with this , turning on notifications in the Airbnb app is a must for staying on top of incoming inquiries .
inquiries . Do n't cancel trips . If you 're a flaky host , your search juice will suffer .
suffer . Verify your account by following the site 's directions to confirm you are who you claim to be . For obvious reasons , Airbnb likes knowing who its hosts are .
are . Use Airbnb-supplied professional photographers . The company obviously wants nice photos at the top of its search results .
results . Turn on “ Instant Book. ” This feature lets guests book your room without a lengthy back-and-forth . Obviously , not every host will be down with this , but turning it on can give you some serious search boost .
boost . Add amenities . Airbnb gives hosts the ability to list whether they have things like cable TV , central AC , or a hairdryer . Since guests can filter their search results to just show places that have particular perks , taking the time to fill in these boxes helps get your listing in front of a lot more eyeballs .
If you 're looking to go ultra-super-ninja on the Airbnb algorithm , it also helps to optimize in some more subtle ways . For example , Airbnb tracks how often you book back-to-back bookings without any downtime in between . If you do this regularly , the site is more likely to show your listing to searchers seeking a block that falls immediately after another guest checks out . Likewise , if you often confirm reservations months in advance , your listing is more likely to show up to guests who are looking for a spot way down the road .
Want to rent my room ?
Maximize your photos .
Airbnb has become famous for providing professional photography to any host who wants to class up their listing . The service is free , and you should take advantage of it as soon as you possibly can . Not only will these photos make your place look far better than your phone camera can , but the fact that you have Airbnb-provided photography actually helps your search ranking within the site ( Airbnb obviously wants good-looking listings to pop at the top ) .
And while Airbnb 's photographers tend to be well-trained ( and have likely photographed countless apartments prior to arriving at your door ) , do n't be afraid to direct them or ask them to focus on things that you are particularly proud of . The first photo in your listing is the most important — it 's the thumbnail that shows up in search . So be sure the photographer gets at least one wide-angle shot that really gives a good sense of what your place looks like , without forcing users to browse through a ton of close-up shots of each individual room .
And do n't neglect your photo captions , which are arguably the most important piece of text in your entire listing . “ People read photo captions more than they read the listing , so put the most important information in them , ” says Chip Conley , Airbnb 's head of global hospitality .
Cheap , but effective . Photo : Ruaridh Stewart/© Corbis . All Rights Reserved .
Add a little something extra .
I 'm the guy who hoards hotel toiletries — having access to these little shampoo bottles really does make guests happy — and you 'd be amazed how far a three-dollar bottle of Trader Joe 's wine can go toward making a guest feel welcome . Ditto for a cheap bar of chocolate or a few tea bags . These things are super cheap but are frequently mentioned in reviews by guests who found them to be a welcoming surprise .
“ I customize the body wash , shampoo , and conditioner to the guest 's sex and age , ” Lynn Marziale , a Staten Island–based host , tells me . “ For example , students get big , fluffy slipper socks and youthful products like Herbal Essence or Pantene . For gentlemen , I provide men 's body wash and shampoo , and I also change the towels and the bedspread from the floral sides to striped or solid . ”
“ We always have toothbrushes and toothpaste and premium coffee beans available for guests , but the thing that gets the most mentions are the neighborhood recommendations , ” says Roberto Gonzalez , another longtime Airbnb host ( who happens to be my neighbor ) .
And while Airbnb gives hosts the option of creating an interactive map where they can call out their favorite nearby spots , I find that guests love getting this info ahead of time in a Word document . Mine contains basic NYC tips as well as a list of my favorite nearby haunts and happenings . Airbnb guests tend to be the type that seek out an insider-y , off-the-beaten-path experience , and an easily recyclable and forward-able file is a simple way to share your insider smarts while encouraging guests to support your favorite local businesses .
Minimize the labor .
I know many people who would love to host on Airbnb but assume their demanding day job or nomadic lifestyle will make it impossible for them to maintain a listing and check in on new guests .
Truth is , taking care of an Airbnb can be far less work than you 'd assume , and a slew of new products and services ( most of which are surprisingly affordable ) further cut down the hassle . Worried that you ca n't be there to meet your guests ? Sign up for Keycafe : It 's a service that lets you use vetted neighborhood shops as key concierge services , where guests can pick up a key without you having to be present . ( As a bonus : The service gives you a plan B in case you get locked out of your apartment . )
Worried about finding time to clean and prepare the room , or find it difficult to book a cleaner for exactly the right time ? I 've found success with Handy 's vacation rental service . The on-demand cleaning service makes it easy to book cleaners for specific times , which is great if you have a short window between when one guest checks out and a new one arrives . Just be sure to select the service 's specialized “ Vacation Rental ” cleaners . These folks are specially trained for Airbnb turnovers and just generally do a better job than normal Handy cleaners ( whom I 've had mixed results with ) . The service is also pretty darn cheap ( thanks , VC funding ! ) , with a one-bedroom turnover costing around $ 50 .
Be smart — and flexible — about pricing your place .
There 's a reason the same hotel room costs different amounts on different nights : As seasons change and big-draw events come through town , the supply-and-demand balance shifts . Still , many Airbnb hosts take a set-it-and-forget-it approach to pricing .
Even so , most hosts are amateurs when it comes to guessing what rooms should cost on any given night . To solve this problem , Airbnb just announced a new feature called Smart Pricing , an opt-in feature that lets the site — based on its massive store of data — set the price for each individual date . The pricing is constantly updated , and hosts can choose if they want to price aggressively in order to maintain full occupancy , or prefer fewer big-money guests . Smart Pricing is currently being rolled out to some hosts while they perfect the product . So if it 's not an option for you now , it will be soon .
It should be noted that a number of third-party services have recently popped up that offer dynamic pricing based on predicted demand . By baking this service directly into the platform — and offering it for free — Airbnb is probably putting these companies out of business .
Some guests are bad news . Photo : H. Armstrong Roberts/Corbis
Know how to handle ( bad ) reviews .
It 's not hard to tell when a negative review is coming . It 's always the guests who are the most demanding or put off by your still-gentrifying neighborhood 's lack of proximity to Times Square or think that if they complain a lot they 'll get something for free from either you or Airbnb . I recently had guests who asked to use my washing machine . At the end of their stay , they wrote me a passive-aggressive note about how it did n't get their clothes fully clean , and since my washing machine was the only reason they had booked my place , I 'd effectively ruined their NYC vacation . ( Seriously . ) It was n't hard to predict where their review would come down .
Of course , the best way to prevent bad reviews in the first place is to manage expectations and make sure that the guests who stay with you are ones who actually want to be there . “ Put it in the first paragraph : ‘ Some people find my neighborhood to be hip and cool and their favorite neighborhood in New York , but it 's not for everyone , ' ” Conley says . “ By saying it in the first paragraph , you create an editing function for the right people to find you . ”
But what about those rare times when you just know a guest is going to leave a less-than-flattering review ? Airbnb does n't actually publish reviews until both the host and guest have written them , with a two-week window for them to do so . If you wait until the very last minute to write your review , you can at least squeeze a few extra weeks of bookings in before the blow lands .
Iranian website ShahrSakhtafzar just went online with a review on the Ryzen 7 1700X processor . Shahryar states that they did not receive the processor and motherboard from AMD , but was obtained ( likely ) through a regular e-tail channel .
The content released prior to the embargo tomorrow was bound to happen I guess . Earlier this year a french magazine already posted a wide scope of results .
The review carries a good number of benchmarks based on a B350 motherboard from MSI as well as what they claim to be is an AMD Ryzen 1700X processor . Looking at the photo it is an engineering sample though . But that model would be and indeed has a 3.4 GHz base and 3.8 MHz Turbo clock . They use a GeForce GTX 980 for gaming , which definitely forms a bit of a GPU bottleneck . ShahrSakhtafzar goes through the benchmark paces with a Core i7 7700K , 6700K and 6950X for comparison .
Their full review is posted here . Below a couple of benchmarks courtesy of ShahrSakhtafzar , click the thumbnails to enlarge .
FBI Director James Comey 's announcement Friday that their agents had uncovered new emails related to their investigation of Hillary Clinton has scrambled the presidential race with little more than a week to go before Election Day .
Democrats have accused Comey of attempting to boost Donald Trump 's chances by breaking with longstanding policies that bar law enforcement professionals from commenting on open cases . Republicans , in turn , have praised Comey for bucking the Justice Department 's top brass , who reportedly advised against Comey 's efforts to make the resurrected probe public .
While the FBI has not elaborated on what specifically triggered their interest in the new emails , here 's what we know about the probe to date .
FBI agents have a search warrant
The bureau secured a search warrant for emails related to the Clinton probe on Sunday .
Agents discovered those emails on at least one device belonging to Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin . Weiner , a disgraced former member of congress , was under FBI investigation for a separate matter involving the sexually-charged messages and photographs they allegedly shared with a minor . Abedin , their now-estranged wife , was Clinton 's deputy chief of staff at the State Department .
The warrant will allow investigators to search the emails on laptops shared by Abedin for records related to Clinton , the State Department or the Clinton Foundation , rather than information related only to Weiner 's case .
Investigators discovered 650,000 emails
Agents must now sift through as many as 650,000 emails found on the devices used by Abedin and Weiner .
While Weiner may have produced some of those records , thousands could have come from the server Clinton set up in their basement during their State Department tenure . Abedin is the only other person known to have hosted an account on the `` clintonemail.com '' domain .
FBI never closed its Clinton Foundation probe
Investigators have continued their investigation into allegations of influence-peddling and financial misdeeds at the Clinton Foundation for more than a year . The bureau did not end that probe when Comey announced the end of the email-related investigation in July .
At least four FBI field offices are reportedly involved in gathering evidence for the investigation , despite the fact that Justice Department leaders discouraged the effort in February .
There are now four FBI investigations tied to Clinton
With the addition of the reopened Clinton email probe , the FBI is presently pursuing four separate investigations with ties to Clinton and their allies .
The first , and perhaps oldest , is the Clinton Foundation probe . The second is the investigation into Weiner 's sexual misconduct , which last week dovetailed into a third probe of Clinton-related emails .
The fourth investigation involves the campaign finances of Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe . The longtime Clinton ally was accused of accepting illegal donations from a Chinese business person .
Abedin has no idea how FBI found new emails
Abedin told their colleagues that they do not know how thousands of their emails ended up on a laptop belonging to their husband , Politico reported Monday .
They had previously turned over emails to the FBI from two laptops and a Blackberry phone .
Publicly , the Clinton campaign has maintained that they have no clue as to what the FBI might be investigating .
Democrats accused Comey of breaking the law
Sen. Harry Reid sent a scathing letter to Comey on Sunday that accused him , among other things , of violating the Hatch Act by announcing the investigation into newly-discovered emails on Abedin 's computer .
The Hatch Act bars most executive branch officials from engaging in political activities .
Reid was among several Democrats who assumed Comey 's move was an explicit effort to aid Trump 's presidential campaign .
In an internal memo sent to FBI agents , Comey explained that they felt compelled to supplement their previous testimony before Congress with the new information given that their previous statements about the status of the investigation were no longer accurate .
Tottenham are preparing to test the regime change at Crystal Palace with another move for Wilfried Zaha .
Palace chairperson Steve Parish hit out at Spurs for a 'ridiculous ' £12million bid for Zaha in August , at a time when Spurs winger Son Heung-min was the subject of interest from Wolfsburg .
But the campaign has gone badly at Selhurst Park , and Alan Pardew was fired as manager last week .
Spurs are preparing to test new Crystal Palace regime with another move for Wilfried Zaha
Zaha had flourished under Alan Pardew , who was relieved of their duties by Palace on Thursday
The 24-year-old star was the subject of a bid in August , which Palace branded 'ridiculous '
New Palace boss Sam Allardyce has always liked Zaha and there is no hint they want to sell one of Palace 's most creative players .
Allardyce tried to sign the forward while in charge at West Ham and considered recalling them for England during their brief spell in international football .
But Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino rates the 24-year-old winger , who won two England caps before their switch of allegiance to the Ivory Coast , where they were born .
Son , with six goals this season but only one since the end of September , is again in demand from Wolfsburg and Paris Saint-Germain .
Pochettino , while broadly satisfied with their squad , would like greater pace and variety from the forwards who support Harry Kane . Moussa Sissoko and Georges-Kevin N'Koudou , two wide players signed on deadline day in August , have made little impact .
Pardew has paid the price for a miserable run of form that leaves Palace 17th in the table
Sam Allardyce has been confirmed as Pardew 's replacement , and is a big fan of Zaha
But Pochettino would like greater pace and variety from their forwards supporting Harry Kane
' I am happy with the squad , ' said Pochettino . 'It is always very difficult to improve in January because it is difficult for teams to allow their best players to leave halfway through the season . If some special situation happens , maybe we need to be open but it will be tough to improve the squad . '
Asked directly about Zaha , the Spurs boss replied : ' I do n't want to speak about a player in another club . I like good players and maybe they are a good player . But I do n't like to start focusing on some names . '
Spurs will not pursue Manchester United midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin , who played for Pochettino at Southampton , partly because of the rise of academy graduate Harry Winks , 20 .
To be onest you are `` partly '' right , but no at all . C++ is possibly most powerfull language where you can manage all your memory with pointers . That give you basically absolute power with a memmory managment . That 's why everybody uses C++ for graphics games , because they need that Xtra % of performance . But there are also several problems , which may cause fatal consequences in final . If you wrongly use just one pointer to memmory , it could be like a gate for hackers.But back to the track .. There was a research which prove that almost 90 % of C++ applications are not `` optimalized '' as it can be , and they actually suffer with a performance lose cause of it . This is pure prove that C++ can be really powerfull but extremlly diffucult to write . Other languages like Java , C # or JavaScript use Garbace collector , which basically manage automatically memmory by itself , for a small % cost of performace . In the other way those languages are far faster to write in . Thats why they are so popular . Why do you think everybody uses Python for chat bots ? Because write chatbot in python is like matter of half hour , on the otherhand write bot in c++ may be work for like 3to4 hours . Why ? because in c++ you must do everything by itself , because chatbot in pythong will be long like 200 lines of code ... In c++ ? ? good luck with 1 000 atleast.Please first look at V8 JS engine from Google , which is used in nodejs & Google Chrome and look how it works . Of couse there can be terrible , extremly terrible JS codes . Which will run 15x or maybe 30x slower than C++ code . But if you do n't do `` bad practise '' in your JS code ( mixing datatypes in arrays , extending already existing objects and so on .. ) , it can actually run faster than not optimized code in C++ . And yes optimized code in C++ will run faster than optimized code in JS . But its pretty much small % of that performence , what doesnt matter at all . And im sure that Max know how to write optimized and proper JS code inspired by `` good practise '' .If you do n't agree than i lose all hope with you , on the other hand if you do n't understand please do your research .
What OS is written in JavaScript ? Any web or database servers written in JavaScript either . In fact , NodeJS is written in C++ , NOT JavaScript . Lisk is using the wrong language for something that needs to perform well . Dev , besides being easier to write , why did you select JavaScript for the core . You understand JavaScript is missing functionality needed to write core software . This is a joke or a scam .
As more Asian teams are rising into the CS : GO scene , we interviewed a 1.6 legend Geun-Chul ‘ solo ' Kang from WeMade FOX and project_kr , to remind us the potential threat the Asian teams could have . solo has been considered one of the best individual players in the world back in the 1.6 era and probably the best in Asia , even with difficult conditions such as lack of teams to practice against , the lack of popularity of CS due to RTS games like Starcraft , and the lack of teammates who could be capable of competing against the elites .
solo was very flexible with their plays , they were capable of filling almost every , or even every single role for their team . They could adapt their play style to the role they were filling , switching their level of aggressiveness to fit their new placed role . They were unique in this way as other top players like GeT_RiGhT and neo have the team to adapt to them .
They retired from CS due to required military duties in Korea , but they went out with a top place in World eSports Masters 2010 , beating SK 2:0 .
Their accomplishments are
- 1st in World eSports Masters 2010
- 3rd in IEM Global Challenge Chengdu ( 2009 )
- 5-6th in Intel Extreme Masters III ( 2009 )
- 3rd in World Cyber Games 2008
- 3rd in World eSports Masters 2008
- 2nd in Electronic Sports World Championship 2008
- 2nd in Intel Extreme Masters II ( 2008 )
- 6th in 2006 CPL Winter
- 3rd in World eSports Masters 2006
- 2nd in World eSports Masters 2005 S03
The interview was done in Korean and translated into English , contact me for the Korean version .
You quit CS after the military duties , what happened ? If military was n't mandatory , would you have continued playing CS ?
solo : I did n't quit CS after my duties , I just went to Korean CS : Online events instead of CS 1.6 or Global Offensive . CS : Online is pretty similar to 1.6 and I 've won all tournaments I attended . If military was n't mandatory , I would have been playing in the tournaments with players I was close to like f0rest , GeT_RiGhT , neo and Taz . I would n't have stopped playing CS .
Do you play and follow CSGO ?
solo : I 've been playing a lot since a month ago , I 'm using the Chinese auto-matching making program ( 5ewin ) to play .
The popularity of CS : GO is getting higher pretty quickly , could you be coming back to CS ? 1.6 players like ave , minet , sunde from mTw are coming back to CS and the numbers of Korean teams are increasing , unlike the 1.6 era when you had barely any team to practice against , and you have been recognised by numerous amount of people , and even considered top 15 players in the world back in the day . So any chance you might come back to the CS scene ?
solo : Currently I am working as a Game System Designer and I 'm also making a FPS game . If there were CS : GO tournaments in Korea , I am willing to try my best , but at the moment I 'm just having fun with the game .
There are rumours of Bail and glow coming back to the CS scene , do you know anything about it ?
solo : Glow is having fun with the game , playing it very often . Bali is now married and has a son , they do n't game anymore .
The most asked questions about Asian CS is why is n't the Asian scene as big as the Europeans and the North Americans ?
solo : In Asia , Counter-Strike is n't very popular . Especially in Korea , the gamers are n't very fond with Steam or Origin as they would have to pay for the games . They mostly play online fps games , they prefer simpler and easier online games . In Asia , online FPS games are pretty common so I think that 's the reason why many does n't play CS : GO . For China , it 's mainly CrossFire .
What is the most memorable memory from your CS career ?
solo : It was when I won the World eSports Masters 2010 .
Who did you like to fight against the most ?
solo : I had the most fun playing against Swedish teams .
Have you ever thought of a comeback ?
solo : No , I have n't thought of a comeback .
Last question , do you eat cereal with a teaspoon or a table spoon ?
solo : Hahaha , it 's a funny question . Who asked this question ? Maybe we should do a 1 vs 1 game haha . I use a table spoon , got ta eat more .
Thank you for allowing me to interview you !
solo : No problem , haha .
These are a couple of highlight videos of solo back in 1.6 .
I initially wrote a bit of a mixed review , but it 's a year later and I 'm still playing and enjoying this game . I have it on both steam and Android , and it was completely worth it . So many cool challenges , and so much time spent enjoying playing this game . It has * tons * of really fun maps and interesting twists and I highly recommend it to anyone remotely interested in it .
I initially wrote a bit of a mixed review , but it 's a year later and I 'm still playing and enjoying this game . I have it on both steam and Android , and it was completely worth it . So many cool challenges , and so much time spent enjoying playing this game . It has * tons * of really fun maps and interesting twists and I highly recommend it to anyone remotely interested in it . Check this box if you received this product for free ( ? ) Do you recommend this game ? Yes No Cancel Save Changes
Living up to the looks of “ Blade Runner , ” Ridley Scott 's 1982 science-fiction classic , was stressful for Renée April . They began designing costumes for “ Blade Runner 2049 , ” the sequel starring Ryan Gosling , with the bar already set pretty high , they said . Over-the-top zoot suits , slashed stockings and other fashions that mixed punk and noir had made Mr. Scott 's hyperfuturistic world unmistakable .
“ You have no idea how many sketches I did of crazy stuff in the beginning , ” Ms. April said by phone from their home in Montreal . But in the end , the “ 2049 ” director , Denis Villeneuve , wanted these characters brought back down to earth , three decades later .
[ Movie Review : “ Blade Runner 2049 ” ]
The atmosphere of the original film , starring Harrison Ford as the troubled hunter of android replicants , was “ dark , ominous , always raining , but this world is brutal , ” they said . “ It 's snowing , freezing , pollution everywhere . There is no fashion . We had to be humble . ”
But not too humble : some flamboyant characters do make their way into the film ( due Oct. 6 ) . And Ms. April , a big fan herself , slipped in plenty of nods to the original : a transparent raincoat here , a practically nude android there . It 's still science fiction , after all .
By John Kiriakou / OtherWordsThis piece originally ran on OtherWords .
I sometimes say the government turned me into a dissident — after I spent 14 years at the CIA and two more at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
I only say it half-jokingly . While I 'm proud of winning this year 's PEN Center 's First Amendment award , I never intended to make a career out of being at odds with the government .
Sometimes , though — like when I spent two years in prison for blowing the whistle on the CIA 's torture program — it 's felt like the government 's gone out of its way to be at odds with me .
And it 's clear that our government demonizes people who disagree with the official line . Things got bad for anyone who disagrees with the official line right after 9/11 .
We slid down the rabbit hole with the passage of the so-called PATRIOT Act . Enacted six weeks after the terrorist attacks , the law legalized actions against American citizens — including widespread Internet surveillance and phone taps — that had previously been unthinkable .
When the government hired me in 1988 , it was widely understood that if the National Security Agency intercepted the communications of an American citizen — even accidentally — heads would roll . Congress had to be informed , an investigation would be launched , and the intercept had to be purged from the system .
Today , the NSA has an enormous facility in Utah big enough to save copies of every email , text message , and phone conversation made by every American for the next 500 years . You can bet they intend to .
I do n't know about you , but I do n't want my government trampling my civil liberties like this .
Still , people sometimes ask me why they should care if the authorities read their email or listen to their phone calls . “ I have nothing to hide , ” they say , “ so why should I worry about it ? ”
This question sends chills up my spine .
As anybody who 's worked in the intelligence community will tell you , the government can learn a lot more about you than you realize .
Metadata — the raw information about who you talk to on the phone , or what websites you visit — is incredibly revealing . Analysts do n't need the actual content of your calls or emails to know what you 're up to .
Are you calling an abortion provider ? A divorce lawyer ? A secret girlfriend or boyfriend ? A substance abuse counselor ? The feds can find out , even though it 's none of their business .
What kind of porn do you like ? What websites do you visit ? What church , club , or political group do you belong to ? They can figure that out , too .
Most of us do n't want anyone poking around our lives , even if we 're perfectly innocent . ( Though with a little manipulation , anybody can be made to look like a troublemaker . )
Believe it or not , our founders saw this coming .
James Madison , the Constitution 's primary author , wrote the First Amendment to protect everyone — especially people who disagree with the government 's policies . We all have a constitutionally guaranteed right to freedom of speech , press , religion , assembly , and petition .
The Bill of Rights is the only thing standing between us and fascism . Monitoring the things we say is the first step toward prosecuting them .
So am I a dissident ? I do n't know . I do n't care .
The important thing is that I 've become passionate in my defense of our constitutional rights . I have an inalienable right to freedom of speech , and I 'll continue to exercise it — even at the risk of getting locked up again .
As more of us tough it out in prison , the government will lose its power to take our rights away . As more of us write and speak about government overreach , our chances of preserving our freedoms will grow .
It 's worth the risk .
OtherWords columnist John Kiriakou , our Truthdigger of the Week in May , is an associate fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies and winner of the 2015 PEN Center USA First Amendment award .
San Jose Mercury News / MCT / Sipa Kevin Pollard , 21 , of Redding reloads their shotgun at a public shooting range in Redding , Calif. , on Feb. 19 , 2013 .
To Wes Morosky , president of Duke 's Sports Shop in New Castle , Penn. , the universal background check proposal now under debate in Congress would be a boon for business . “ It 'd keep everyone on the same playing field , ” they said of proposals to require background checks for all gun sales that would put licensed dealers like their store at the center of gun culture . “ And we 'd charge for it . ”
But not everyone agrees . The National Shooting Sports Foundation , a firearms industry trade group traditionally opposed to regulation , claims most firearms dealers are opposed to universal background checks because they will increase workload and legal risk .
“ The retailer is required for all the same entries and record-keeping as if they were selling the gun , ” said Lawrence Keane , the senior vice president and general counsel for NSSF . “ They can be dragged into product liability lawsuits , so they 're exposed on a firearm that they did n't sell and may not have insurance for . And there are inventory issues in states with waiting periods . ”
Just who wins this debate may help determine the outcome of the fight over gun control in the Senate . At stake is not just the President 's priority of establishing universal background checks for gun purchases , but the end game of a two decade battle to bar all sales of firearms to people with felony records or mental instability that has been determined to be dangerous by a judge .
Currently , only the 60 % of gun buyers who shop at licensed gun dealers need to undergo background checks . Dealers must check the names of buyers against a federal database of people not allowed to buy guns . If a name clears , the federal government keeps no record of the buyer , but the gun store is required to keep a basic record of the transaction .
For the roughly 40 % of guns purchased from sources other than a licensed gun dealer , including collectors and individual sellers at gun shows , no background check is required . That would change under the “ universal ” background check system that has been proposed by the White House and Senate Democratic leadership . In the new system , private sellers and buyers would be required to meet in person with a licensed dealer , where the dealer would check the buyer against the federal database for a fee . As with dealer purchases , a record of the sale would be retained by the licensed dealer . The federal government would still be prohibited from creating a national records database .
For the National Rifle Association , these new requirements are , nonetheless , “ a step toward national gun registration ” by the federal government that would take away the rights of law-abiding gun owners . “ The whole thing , universal checks , is a dishonest premise , ” said Wayne LaPierre , the association 's executive vice president in an appearance Sunday on NBC ‘ s Meet The Press . “ There 's not a bill on the Hill that provides a universal check . Criminals are n't going to be checked . They 're not going to do this . ”
In an unconventional turn , gun control advocates are touting the potential benefits for dealers in embracing universal background checks due to increased foot-traffic . “ It 's something that existing dealers like because they get traffic , ” says John Lowe of the Brady Campaign , “ A lot of dealers make most of their money off of accessories . ”
The system of universal background checks envisioned on the federal level already exists in the state of California . For decades , all gun purchases have required checks against the federal database , with little incident .
Mike Klein , an owner of a gun store called Warrior One in Riverside , Cal . where state law mandates 10-day waiting periods and that all private sales be conducted through a licensed dealer , points to the success of universal background checks . “ There are a lot of people who get denied — people who got in trouble when they were younger and thought it 'd be clear or just wishing to get lucky , ” they said . “ Stuff gets caught left and right [ in private sales ] . ”
While the details of the new legislation — including the role of gun retailers — are being negotiated , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has begun preparing for debate and a vote on the proposal as part of a broader post-Newtown gun control package . It is expected to begin shortly after Congress returns from recess on April 8 .
JAIPUR : The recent Supreme Court ruling that sex with a minor wife amounts to rape , could be a huge relief for underage girls in Rajasthan , where 6.3 per cent of the total women population between 15 and 19 years are already mothers or been pregnant.According to the 2011 Census , 31.6 per cent of girls in Rajasthan were married before the age of 18 . A more recent survey by the National Family Health Survey ( NFHS-4 ) 2015-16 pointed to an even higher number , with 35.4 percent of girls aged between 20 and 24 years getting married before attaining the legal age.Rajasthan , which has the highest cases of child marriage in the country , reported at least 366 divorcees between 10 and 14 years . The report also points out that there are 3,506 'widowed ' and 2,855 'separated ' children within the same age group.NFHS-4 figures show that more men are married before they attain the legal age of 21as compared to women . According to the report , 35.7 per cent of men ( 25-29 years ) got married before they turned 21.Even though the percentage of minors who are already mothers or pregnant has come down from 16 per cent to 6.3 per cent in the past 10 years , the state still has a long way to go as the practice is deeply entrenched in peoples ' minds . It is common to get children married on designated auspicious days . The state also has a tradition of attasatta or exchange of brides.There is also a tradition called Nyas when a member of a family dies , the family members get their children married within 13 days of death to ensure peace for the departing sould . In 2016 , the directorate of women empowerment , depart ment of women and child development launched a joint campaign Sanjha Abhiyan to address the issue of child marriage. “ The state strategic action plan developed by the state government has shown results with girls getting opportunities to complete their education and realise their aspirations in life , “ said United Nations Population Fund state programme co-ordinator Sunil Thomas Jacob.Riti Bharti of Saarthi Trust , who has been instrumental in annulling K child marriages in Rajasthan , particularly in the western part of the state , has hailed the decision and termed it as a major decision in combating the menace and a gift for activists on the International Day of the Girl Child . They have to their credit all the 33 cases reported in the matter so far . “ During my mission to annul child marriages from 2012 , I have come across two such cases , where minor girls were sexually abused by their husbands . But since no such law existed then , they had to suffer the trauma and the husbands let off scot-free , “ said Bharti . Last year , they were approached by a girl who got married at the age of 15 and sent to their husband . “ The girl objected to sex , but their husband and others in the family refused to relent . The shocking part was that even their mother refused to help or support her , terming it ` normal ' , '' said Kirti . Unable to bear the pain , they finally approached Bharti for annulment .
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
Eric Holder and Loretta E. Lynch have been perhaps the most flagrant partisans ever to hold the office of attorney general .
Year after year , they rubber stamped whatever the Obama administration wanted to do , legally or otherwise .
So it was an eye-roller when Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , New York Democrat , announced Thursday why they were going to vote against fellow Sen. Jeff Sessions ' nomination for U.S. attorney general :
“ I am not confident in Sen . Sessions ' ability to be a defender of the rights of all Americans , or to serve as an independent check on the incoming administration , ” Mr. Schumer said .
“ Rights of all Americans ? ” “ Independent check ? ”
The attorney general , who heads the Justice Department , takes an oath to enforce federal laws and uphold the Constitution . We 're at the tail end of an administration in which the highest legal office in the land was weaponized along racial lines and openly attacked laws that the progressive left disliked , such as the federal Defense of Marriage Act and state voter ID statutes .
Under Mr. Holder , the Justice Department looked the other way as the Internal Revenue Service harassed tea parties and conservative groups . They aided and abetted the administration 's violations of labor law , environmental law and provisions of Obamacare again and again . They ignored the Federal Communications Commission 's unconstitutional seizure of authority over the internet . They actually sued states for helping to enforce federal immigration law .
This past May , the Justice Department joined the Department of Education in issuing a bizarre reinterpretation of Title IX and ordered schools to allow biological males identifying as females to access girls ' bathrooms and locker rooms .
Under Mr. Holder , the department stonewalled congressional investigations into the Fast and Furious scandal , in which federal agents inexplicably provided guns to Mexican drug cartels , including a weapon that killed a federal agent .
Even an ideologically divided Supreme Court routinely rejected the Obama Justice Department lawyers ' zany reasoning . From January 2012 to June 2013 alone , the Supreme Court unanimously rejected the Justice Department 's absurd positions nine times . “ The cases ranged from criminal procedure to property rights , religious liberty to immigration , securities regulation to tax law , ” Forbes.com noted .
Finally , the Justice Department 's and FBI 's mishandling of the Hillary Clinton email scandal is in a class by itself , epitomized by Ms. Lynch 's meeting with Bill Clinton aboard a plane at the Phoenix airport supposedly to discuss their grandchildren . Right .
Ultimately , the “ independent check ” on any administration is supposed to be the Fourth Estate , that is , the media . This presents us with a problem . The media are not remotely independent or fair , as was glaringly evident during the presidential campaign and continues to be the case as they brazenly try to sabotage the Trump administration before it even begins .
On the morning of the second day of the Senate Judiciary Committee hearings on Sen . Sessions ' nomination , the major TV networks played up charges of racism leveled at them by fellow Democratic New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker and Rep. John Lewis , Georgia Democrat .
Here 's “ Good Morning America 's ” Mary Bruce : “ Thirty-one years ago before the same panel , Sessions was rejected for a federal judgeship over concerns they made racist remarks . Those are charges they have passionately denied … Senator Cory Booker says they have to speak out because Sessions ' comments are a call to conscience . ”
“ Absent from any of the network coverage was the fact that Cory Booker worked with Jeff Sessions in 2015 to introduce legislation to honor demonstrators who participated in the 1965 civil rights march in Selma , Alabama , ” notes the Media Research Center 's Kyle Drennen . “ At the time , Booker said they felt ‘ blessed and honored to have partnered with Senator Sessions ' on the matter .
“ When it came to John Lewis ' upcoming testimony against Sessions , the morning shows seemed to forget that Sessions held hands with Lewis as the two walked across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in 2015 as part of a march commemorating the 50th anniversary of the same march from Selma to Montgomery Alabama . ”
Regardless of the ginned-up hysteria , complete with demonstrations by left-wing zealots inside the committee room , Sen . Sessions presented themselves with dignity and grace .
When the Alabama senator takes the reins , the Justice Department will once again be worthy of its name .
• Robert Knight is a senior fellow for the American Civil Rights Union .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Most people see electric grids like roads and highways connecting A and B . And actually this is true . The grid basically connects the energy sources with energy consumers . But taking a more in depth look will make us realize , that the dynamic of the system is a much more complicated .
Let 's assume you switch on a netflix movie on a lazy sunday . While you 're watching the movie , the power for your TV is being produced somewhere . More important : it 's being produced at the exact same time . Sources are burning fuel , solar panels , wind turbines or nuclear reactors . There is nearly no storage of electricity on the grid . Hence , to ensure that you can watch the new blockbuster , the grid operator has to balance the grid ( the utility frequency ) . Therefore , two main applied measures can be observed .
Expanding the grid to transport energy from renewable sources
With the growing number of renewable energy sources , the balancing becomes more and more challenging . As renewables are often placed at very lucrative areas ( e.g . solar panels in sunny areas ) , the grid has a regional surplus in one area but missing energy in another area . To compensate this , governments and grid operators plan high investments in grid expansions to transport this surplus energy and decrease the probability of blackouts . For example , the outdated US grid is going to cost up to $ 5 trillion to replace .
Interruptible loads are helping out to stabilize the grid
We might think that the power plants produce enough energy day AND night . And yes , they normally do . But what happens when they do n't ? For these occasions we have interruptible loads . These are for example energy intensive manufacturing plants , where the plant operator agreed on adapting their energy need according to the available offer and total need of energy in the grid . The plants are being turned down during critical times in order to stabilize the grid and prevent blackouts . In return the provider of these interruptible loads are being paid for this `` service '' . These costs are included in the price per Kilowatt . Basically , you pay these fees while watching your movie .
Why not using households as interruptible loads
So why not adopting the approach of interruptible loads on any kind of ( energy intensive ) device ? Instead of turning down plants , which might be hundreds of miles away from your TV , we can turn down local devices . Let 's take your neighbor 's laundry machine . Let 's switch it off and then turn it back on after you have finished the movie . In exchange , the owner is getting paid for this flexibility . Let 's call this local interruptible loads . One might answer “ Well , if the grid operator then needs to track and refund each single households , it will become pretty painful for their billing department , right ? ” . True . So instead of organizing this “ manually ” , one need a possibility of autonomous tracking and transactions .
Use Blockchain as a caretaker against blackouts
For this context , I picked up the role of Blockchain in the energy market in my last post .
Regarding the described challenge , Blockchain may play the role of a caretaker for the grid balancing . More precisely , the Blockchain enables each device to participate by recording their availability . As soon as the local grid sends the need of saving energy for a period of time ( e.g . due to a temporary shortage ) , a device can react autonomously by “ accepting ” the request through the Blockchain ( no user interaction ) . The Blockchain is mapping these transactions as a ledger . Furthermore , the Blockchain is the trading platform between the local interruptible loads and the consumer . Either it 's being managed autonomously or by a grid operator .
As the devices agreed to change their operation time to a time slots with enough surplus energy in the local grid , less energy needs transportation from A to B , less cost intensive manufacturing plants ( miles away ) need to be turned down and the grid expansion can be limited to a minimum . Therefore , the German Energy Agency states : “ Blockchain has the potential to reduce grid costs through better balancing , reducing metering costs , making information streams faster and more immediate , and adding customer value through more detailed and transparent information about energy origin and evolution. “ Although , this approach requires investments in smart grids , smart ( digital ) meters , smart devices and furthermore , Blockchain enables a new possible cost efficient alternative for the future .
Peggy Sheehy , a media specialist for the Ramapo Central School District , of which Suffern is a part , said such virtual worlds allowed students to learn academically as well as socially .
“ They 're able to explore other options , other genders , other races , other personality types , ” they said . “ A very outspoken , confident person may go into Second Life and be just that , or they could take a side seat , or a student who is very shy may not feel intimidated and becomes a much more vocal part of the community . ”
Linden Lab , which created Teen Second Life , charges schools a one-time fee of $ 700 to buy and own property in its virtual world and a $ 147.50 monthly use fee . About 180 schools around the world participate in Teen Second Life , which is a version of Second Life restricted to users from ages 13 and 17 .
Photo
The idea of video games in the classroom has concerned some parents , who say it can be a distraction , but many of the games are relatively new and have not been used widely enough to generate much criticism .
In Elizabeth , the district approved the use of Spill in two required economics classes at Thomas Jefferson Arts Academy in March after a teacher discovered it online ; the district is considering whether to expand its use next year . The game is available at no cost to schools through a contest sponsored by the accounting and consulting firm Deloitte and BrandGames , a company that specializes in the use of computer game technology in business communications .
It took almost a day to load the game software onto the school 's computers , which are normally blocked from using gaming sites . “ They were pretty excited , ” said Donald Stewart , a social studies teacher . “ They were playing a video game ; that was my selling point . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Then the fun started . Students designed their own avatars from a menu of options . One heavyset boy added a paunch to their avatar . Jalisa Wilson , 18 , chose a male avatar because they felt a man would have a competitive advantage in business . They named them Bob .
The Spill game throws tasks and challenges at students to give them a taste of real-life work experience . Students were graded on how well they measured up . There were meetings with the mayor , negotiations with vendors , even an on-screen glossary to look up unfamiliar business terms — like outsourcing and accounts receivable — and a notepad for jotting down assignments .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Students found out quickly that they could not just click mindlessly .
If they forgot a vendor 's name or a meeting location , the mayor 's assistant gave them a hard time . The mayor themselves had an attitude , telling avatars in jeans and sneakers not to come back until they were properly attired .
“ She just yelled at me , ” said Nina-C'mone Helms , 18 , staring at their computer in disbelief last month . “ She got smart with me because I chose the wrong person . My feelings are hurt , but it deals with real life because people really do talk to people like that . ”
Another student was caught off guard when a vendor demanded that they pay for a Ping-Pong table and soda machine for their workers . The student refused and negotiated the price down .
Donato Coppola , a teacher , said the only problem with learning in the virtual world was that it could be hard to go back to the real world . When access to the game was blocked because of a technical glitch , they had to give an impromptu PowerPoint lecture on jobs and wages to the students .
“ They were disappointed , ” they said . “ I tried to make it enthusiastic , but economics is a hard sell . I did n't have enough animation in the PowerPoint for them , I guess . ”
I did not know
that no one was planning
to bring me back , either .
from `` Laika , '' by Ben Florin
As if amazed it 's his ,
they hold their hand up
before the mirror , hand
too big now for the boy 's
body , hand he 's turning
slowly front to back
to front , then closes to
a fist they just as slowly
opens like an exotic
flower to its full extent .
The boy so newly merged
with the emerging man
it 's hard to say what 's boy
or man but for the eyes ,
the boyish rapt confusion
in the look they looks
with at their mobile features
as they draw a blunt finger
over the shadow of hair
along their upper lip .
Shadow of hair in armpit ,
crotch , voice deeper
than it was , then higher ,
deeper , while the eyes
astounded , furtive , are the eyes
of someone who can not
quite wake up from the dream
in which they suddenly
discovers they are naked
among a crowd of strangers
or like the eyes of Laika ,
Soviet space dog ,
in an old drawing
I remember , the stunned ,
not yet distrusting but
no longer trusting look
from within the comical
glass bubble of the gawky
helmet tilted atop
the comical white spacesuit ,
as the spaceship hurtles
out toward the stars , the earth
a star behind it , the earnest
dog eyes fixed on black
space like a door
the masters have walked through
and will return from , surely .
Surely they 'll come to get me .
Surely they did n't love me
all that time for this .
Alan Shapiro
Alan Shapiros most recent book , Song and Dance , was published by Houghton Mifflin in 2002 .
West Coast mainstay Lyrics Born 's roots might be in forward-thinking hip-hop , but that does n't mean they ca n't find time to wander into different sonic territory . Anyone who 's flipped through their extensive solo and collaborative discography knows full well that dude likes to mix it up . And for their latest release — the 24-track Lyrics Born Variety Show Season 5 : On The Floor — he 's jumped headfirst into the realm of boogie music .
With DJ Ice Water on mixing duties , Lyrics Born runs through boogie and 2-step versions of a slew of tracks from their discography and a bunch of exclusive new booty-shakin ' jams . The end result is 46 minutes worth of undeniable grooves and driving bass , a combination that will likely cause spontaneous dancing as soon as you throw this on .
You can download the mixtape here . Watch its trailer and view its track listing below .
Intro Freestyle @ The Kneez * * Just 2 Get U A Rep Cakewalk Lovin ' ( ft Baby Jaymes ) U The 1-4 Me Coulda Woulda Shoulda Biz ( ft Sam Sparro ) Do That There On Saturday We Got Differences , Bottom Line ! ( ft Joyo Velarde & B'Nai ) * * Freestyle Back @ Ya * * We Still # 1 ? ? * * I Like , I Love The Way It Feelz on the Wheelz Hot 2 Coulda ( ft Chali 2na & Joyo Velarde ) Do n't Change the Glow ( ft Myron Glasper ) Got 2B A Hot Mess Dem A Boogie I Wan na B W/U ( Do n't Give Up Remix ) ( ft Proh & Lateef ) * * I Ca n't Wait , So Do n't U Stop I 'm The Best ( 2 The Beat ) Something Better ( Lonely Remix ) ( ft Francis & The Lights ) * * The Bay ( Three-mix ) ( ft Trackademicks , Lateef & C-Holiday ) Hello , Diamond ! Whodini VS Houdini Kontrol Phreak Intact We Live By The Beat of the Warning Knock ( ft Joyo Velarde )
* * LBVS5 exclusives
The receivers to Superquinn have dismissed IBEC 's €100m estimate of outstanding debts to trade creditors as 'grossly over-stated ' .
Kieran Wallace and Eamonn Richardson of KPMG say that at this stage they estimate that the figure is approximately €25m .
They said it is absolutely the best outcome for them that a deal happened in this manner .
The receivers pointed out that the deal involves an Irish company , Musgraves , and will secure their future trading .
They say that they have already communicated with over 60 % of their suppliers - and that all suppliers will continue to support Superquinn and supply the business from today .
Fears for the future of creditors and suppliers have been voiced by employer groups IBEC and ISME , the Irish Farmers ' Association and Irish Creamery Milk Suppliers Association .
Speaking on RTÉ 's Morning Ireland , IFA President John Bryan also expressed concern that producers would be squeezed for lower prices as a result .
This morning , it was announced that Musgraves is to buy the supermarket chain following the appointment of a receiver to it yesterday .
Retail groups have given a cautious welcome to the buyout , which is subject to regulatory approval from the Competition Authority .
Should the deal be finalised , Tesco , Musgraves and Dunnes would control 70 % of the grocery market here .
The Mandate trade union , which represents retail staff , has given the buyout a cautious welcome , but urged the new owners to ensure the security of all jobs in the chain .
The deal will save the jobs of 2,800 employees who will transfer to the new company on their existing employment terms .
The receivers were appointed by a syndicate of banks including Bank of Ireland , AIB and National Irish Bank .
It is understood the Superquinn chain has debts totalling around €400m .
Musgrave also owns the Centra and SuperValu chains . The Dundalk outlet , known as Carroll Village Supermarket , will be sold independently .
Senator Feargal Quinn welcomes sale
Independent Senator Feargal Quinn - who established the Superquinn supermarket brand in 1960 - has welcomed the sale of the chain to Musgrave 's .
Addressing the Seanad , Senator Quinn said they were pleased the chain was being placed in the hands of another Irish family business .
They said they were confident the jobs of the 2,800 employees would be secured and that the suppliers would continue to supply the company .
Senator Quinn 's family sold the supermarket chain in 2005 to a conglomerate of private investors .
The Senator also expressed concern about the purchasing policies of companies outside Ireland , which they said did not always support Irish producers .
They said proposed legislation putting regulatory control on the purchasing policies of retailers would not apply to those based outside Ireland .
Senator Quinn said it would put a constraint on the ability of Irish retailers to negotiate the best deals they can with suppliers .
They suggested a voluntary code of practice as a way around the problem .
It has been over 7 months since the first excerpts from the Snowden document haul were published in some mainstream media outlets . Since then , many document excerpts and summaries detailing the tools , capacity and ambition of the NSA ( and its collaborators ) have been published . As some of you may also know , all of the leaks published to date account for less than 2-3 % of what Snowden gave to Greenwald and others- which themselves are a subset of all the documents they took with them in the first place .
So far the reaction from the majority of mainstream media outlets has ranged from condemnation to deliberate ignorance and dismissiveness . While this course of action might have been effective at suppressing information about those leaks in the pre-internet world , we live in a very connected world where non-mainstream media is now far more influential than its mainstream counterpart . But do these leaks matter ? and will they have any long-term effects on public policy and perhaps more importantly the perception of people about their governments ?
One of the favorite technique of mainstream media ‘ journalists ' to try and minimize the impact of each new leak involves saying- “ But we already knew that. ” But is that really true ? To put it another way- is hard and objective evidence about the existence of something really the same as speculative assumptions about its existence ? Let us look at a few examples in recent history to try and answer that question .
Let us start by comparing the impact of genocides committed under Hitler to the one ( s ) committed under Stalin . Why do we hear so much about the former while the later is comparatively obscure , even though more people died in the later . Some say that the notoriety of genocide ( s ) under Hitler is linked to the fact that Jews were disproportionately represented in the body count- and there is some truth to that statement . However the religious and ethnic identity of the victims is secondary to the main reason we know so much the Nazi genocide .
It comes down to how well each one was documented .
The Holocaust was very well documented- both by its perpetrators and those who eventually stopped it . We have hundreds of thousands of graphic photographs , thousands of hours of movie footage , extensive document archives and a mountain of eyewitness testimony about what really happened during the Holocaust . The same is not true about the genocide ( s ) under Stalin . While we do have some documents , photographs and eye witness testimony about the events that occurred during those genocides- the total amount of such evidence is a very small fraction of what we have about the Holocaust .
The lack of extensive evidence makes the genocide ( s ) under Stalin feel substantially less “ real ” than the very well documented Holocaust- even though more people died in the former .
The “ realness ” of something we do not have personal knowledge or experience about is directly proportional to the amount of available first , and third , party evidence . This is also why the Armenian Genocide , Japanese war crimes and Mao 's great famine are not as well known as they otherwise would have been .
My point is that definitive evidence of something matters far more than vague assumptions about its existence , especially when such knowledge or information guides an appropriate response .
What do you think ? Comments ?
“ Meet me by the clock . ”
For generations of New Yorkers that 's been a not-so-secret code leading to a rendezvous point in one of the most highly traveled buildings in the City , the grand concourse of Grand Central Terminal . How many trysts have begun there ? Enough that there 's a “ kissing room ” not far away . At least one group of saboteurs planned to meet there and keep the US out of the Second World War , but how many other connections were made under the opalescent faces of that legendary timepiece ?
That you may never know , but if you want to learn the many secrets of Grand Central Terminal , get a private tour with Danny Brucker , their resident expert . Recently , I met a small group of mystery writers under the clock for one of Danny 's tours . Danny is a bespectacled human tornado sporting rolled up shirtsleeves and workman 's slacks , the thick-soled brogans of a man who spends their day on their feet , and the lightning patter and quirky mannerisms of a character who marched out of a Donald Westlake novel . Placards of old photos under their arm , jabbing their finger at minute details on the ceiling , they inform us that there 's a $ 20 million jewel in the room that no one 's ever tried to steal ; that the train schedule above the ticket booth is wrong ; that there 's another error , as big as the concourse itself , and there 's a secret staircase right under our noses . And of course , he 'll reveal all the secrets , but not until the end of the tour .
For a second I thought they were selling time shares . But no , that 's Danny 's way . The building is living history , working history . In operation since 1913 , a half million people walk through it every day . The trains run as smoothly as that famous clock . And their emergency planning is second to none . On 9/11 , when the bridges and tunnels were shut down , the airplanes grounded , the PATH train crippled , the GCT had every passenger out of the city by 5 P.M. During the Northeastern U.S. blackout of 2003 , they evacuated five thousand passengers on stalled trains from dark tunnels in under an hour . Touring this operation behind the marble skin , I felt like a mouse exploring the insides of a giant robot . The roar of human activity whooshes through the concourse like the city 's blood coursing through concrete veins , and the thunder of the trains below is its ironbound heartbeat .
If you ca n't get behind the scenes , here are some interesting tidbits about the concourse . If you look up at the starfield with its constellations , scan it for a little rectangle that 's darker than the rest . When they restored the building in 1998 , the marble was stained nearly coal-black . Rail dust ? Diesel soot ? No , when they analyzed it , it was cigarette smoke . Central Park may be known as the Lungs of New York , but the ceiling in the grand concourse of Grand Central Terminal , that was the lung cancer of New York . Of course , now you ca n't smoke there , so the ceiling will stay clean for another hundred years . Not far from the lung cookie on the ceiling , there 's a gouge made by a rocketship .
Yes , really . In 1957 , after Sputnik orbited the Earth and the Space Race began , NASA wanted to show off America 's answer . The Redstone rocket . Unfortunately , the rocket was six inches too long to fit in the concourse , even at an angle , so they punched a hole in the ceiling . And they never repaired it . What nerve . ( It 's a great story , but space historian Amy Shira Teitel says looking at the heights , the rocket would 've easily fit , but a hole was drilled into the ceiling so a stabilizing cable could be bolted in to hold the Redstone Rocket upright . )
Danny has enough stories to fill a dozen novels , and they tweet them at a nonstop pace as they Pied-Pipers us through the Terminal . First stop , the Lost & Found . It does n't sound very exciting , but they operate just as efficiently as the conductors and computerized rail systems . The lost and found office has an 80 % return rate . Everything from priceless violins to an urn full of cremains has been returned to its rightful owner . Thousands of umbrellas , iPods , laptop bags . All are tagged and numbered , searched and the owners tracked down by indefatigable sleuths . They box them by train , row , seat . And they 'll ask you when and where you left it , so do n't think of marching down there to collect a free iPad ! Lose a phone , and they 'll get it unlocked by the police , and call your recent contacts . And if you 're an urn full of cremains , well… there 's a story behind that one .
‘ The vase has a name on it , so simple enough , phone book , call the owner . Right . Who shows up for the vase ? A little old lady , but before she 'll pick up their property , they want to thank them for returning it . 'You see , ' they say , 'my husband rode your train every day . And every Friday they missed their stop , they fell asleep on the train , so they said , and so they thought I believed . They were going to see their chippy up in Westchester ! So I let them have one last ride , this time they really are asleep . ' ( I paraphrase . Forgive me , Danny , I know I ca n't tell it half as good as you… )
They also find the occasional prosthetic limb , but that does n't mean the water fountains have the healing properties of Our Lady of Lourdes , but a lot of veterans take the train to the VA hospital to get fitted . If they find the new limb is n't comfortable before it 's broken in , they take it off for the ride home… and well , it 's as easy to forget a leg as an umbrella when it comes down to it .
Those lost-and-found sleuths and their in-terminal police station also foiled a brazen robbery , when three gunmen donned masks and robbed every passenger of a train car . With the victims unable to ID the gunmen , the police instead tracked down witnesses on the platform who saw them without their masks . How ? By tracing every receipt from sales on the platform . A combination of footwork and electronic investigation showed that robbing a train is no saner than when Butch and Sundance were in business .
There was a time when the police had to watch for more than thieves , when a bucket of sand might have gotten you shot on sight . During the Second World War , 80 % of the troop movements in the northeast went through the Terminal , and the Third Reich knew it . They sent four saboteurs by submarine , and tasked them with infiltrating the engineering room , where massive rotary converters powered the electric trains . These machines spun so fast that a few handfuls of sand tossed into the works would melt into glass and render them inoperable in seconds . The saboteurs were captured , their plot unveiled , and guards were ordered to shoot anyone smuggling sand onto the machine level on sight .
Today the generators are less fragile , but you can still find yourself at gunpoint if you wander behind the scenes on the right day . Danny took us to the glass catwalks above the concourse ( where that lovely photo was taken ) and to a view of the control room , but the operating manager of the Terminal once took the wrong elevator and found themselves held at gunpoint for 45 minutes .
“ This is MY terminal ! ” they complained .
“ Not today , ” said the armed guard .
The unnamed agent of the Secret Service was correct . The Terminal still serves as a backup escape route when the President visits New York City , and stays at the Waldorf Astoria hotel . That 's no secret . Any time he 's in town , you 'll find the entrances to this secret part of the terminal under constant guard . The actual location of the enormous private elevator was so secret that the terminal manager did n't know about it , and when they pressed a button to see where it went , they found out the hard way . The President was in town .
The elevator was originally built for FDR , not only to protect them from assassins , but also to protect their polio and wheelchair bound state from the public , especially during wartime . The public would see them in their armor-plated Pierce Arrow limousine , which would disappear into the terminal into the freight elevator . From there they could exit to the nearby Waldorf Astoria , and when they left town , the procedure was reversed . And in case of emergency , a special armored rail car was built , with the air vents doubling as gun ports , and uniquely built wheel trucks that dampened lateral movement . A little side to side shimmy on a train is expected , but in FDR 's case it would unseat them from their wheelchair .
We saw the Situation Room and a beautiful view from the catwalk , with the concourse on one side and Park avenue on the other , but we did n't get to visit Secret Sub-Basement M42 , where FDR 's train resides . It 's as large as the grand concourse and not on the blueprints , but someday I hope it will be open for tours . You 'd think such a train belongs in a museum—and the FDR museum sure wants it—but it remains underground at Track 61 , the secret platform built for its purpose . Dismantling the train car would be a monumental expense . ( I did n't ask Danny how the train was ever supposed to leave the terminal if it ca n't leave now . My guess is that after the war the tracks were removed ) . A pity , because I 'm sure the inside of the car would be something to see . Anyone wan na kickstart this ?
Back at the concourse , under the clock , Danny told us the answers to their riddles , exactly as promised . Rather like the end of a drawing room mystery . So where 's the $ 20 million dollar gem ? It 's the clock itself . I gave you a hint back there when I called it opalescent ; that 's not poetic . It 's tuned to the Atomic clock , but its faces are made of polished , high-grade opal , which Sotheby 's has valued at $ 10-20 million . Not sure how much of that is because of its history , but that 's one big clock and a lot of opals . So it could be raw value . As for the mistake in the train schedules—those are in your favor . The times are a minute earlier than when the train actually departs , so when you 're running late or procrastinating , or stuck behind a mook on their cell phone , the conductor can wave and tell you to slow down , you 've got a minute before the train leaves . And it gives them a minute 's leeway , for any delays .
As for the mistake that 's as big as the concourse itself ? Look up . The starfield , that glorious palette of the universe , immortalized in Winter 's Tale by Mark Helprin ( I 'll always think of the horse as Athansor ) is…backwards . Whoopsie ? The Vanderbilts , who funded the construction , were mortified when an astronomer told them of the mistake . Their PR people covered it up , by saying that we 're seeing the heavens from “ God 's perspective. ” I hope they paid well for that bit of hooey , it 's a good one . The muralists seem to have generated a mirror image by referring to a model lying on the floor when they painted the ceiling , instead of holding the model over their heads and looking up at it . But only an astronomer would notice . I wonder if it irks Neil Degrasse Tyson ? Unless you 're following the north star , you should find your train without a problem . And if you need a compass , there 's one on top of the big clock . But you should just ask at the information booth . Which is where the secret stairwell is . How else would they get in there ? There 's no door to the circular booth ! They enter from one level below .
Right !
Thomas Pluck writes unflinching fiction with heart . They are the author of Blade of Dishonor , an action thriller spanning Shogun-era Japan to WWII , and the editor of Protectors : Stories to Benefit PROTECT , an anthology of crime fiction for charity . You can find them on Twitter as @ thomaspluck .
Read all posts by Thomas Pluck on Criminal Element .
`` Sole Survivor ''
oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 1 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Bug in a Rug ''
oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 2 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Head for the Hills ''
oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 3 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Rebel ''
oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 4 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Dandy ''
acrylic on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 5 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Border Crossing ''
oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 6 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
$ 700
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Running from the Bull ''
acrylic on unstretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 7 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
available from Artevistas Gallery in Barcelona , Spain
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Pope ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 8 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Force Fed ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 9 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Touring ''
acrylic on unstretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 10 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Watch Dog , with Fish ( nuclear ) ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 11 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Game of Chicken ''
oil on unstretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 12 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Happy Buddha ''
acrylic on unstretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 13 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Dust Bunny ''
oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 14 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` A Wolf in Sheep 's Clothing ''
oil on unstretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 15 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` The Dog Days of Summer ''
oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 16 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Shark ''
acrylic on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 17 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Toot Your Own Horn ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 18 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Red-Hot American Summer ''
oil on unstretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 19 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
available from Artevistas Gallery in Barcelona , Spain
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Tormented ''
acrylic/oil on unstretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 20 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
available from Artevistas Gallery in Barcelona , Spain
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Boys do n't Cry ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 21 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Little Prince ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 22 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Big Fish ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 23 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Awkward Donkey ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 24 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Take no Prisoners ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 25 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Sacrifice ''
acrylic on unstretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 26 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Self-Destructive Bunny ''
acrylic on unstretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 27 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Green Lincoln ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 28 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Bad Kitty ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 29 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Hero ''
acrylic/oil on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 30 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
`` Happily Ever After ''
acrylic on stretched canvas
30 '' x 40 ''
July 31 , 2013 of the 10th annual `` 31 Days in July '' project
* SOLD
email sesow @ sesow.com to reserve/ask about purchasing . please include url and description .
“ I take classified information seriously , ” Hillary Clinton declared on CNN . “ People are selectively leaking and making comments that have no basis in anything I 'm aware of . ”
Doubling down on this is shrewd politics , because Clinton 's guilt has been laid bare by the latest round of email revelations .
Them hope now is for pure political immunity , making themselves too big to prosecute by sewing up the Democratic presidential nomination . Them the highest priority is to reassure nervous Democrat voters and power brokers that she 'll survive the email scandal .
There is no real question that they violated security protocols , repeatedly , and a strong case to be made that they put lives in danger by doing so .
Former NSA analyst John Schindler makes that case forcefully at The Observer , noting that Clinton did exactly what caused the involvement of a special prosecutor in the 2003 Valerie Plame case… except that with Clinton , multiple real field operations were put in jeopardy , not a fame-hungry desk jockey looking to cash in on liberal media 's Bush Derangement Syndrome :
Discussions with Intelligence Community officials have revealed that Ms. Clinton 's “ unclassified ” emails included Holy Grail items of American espionage such as the true names of Central Intelligence Agency intelligence officers serving overseas undercover . Worse , some of those exposed are serving under non-official cover . NOCs ( see this for an explanation of their important role in espionage ) are the pointy end of the CIA spear and they are always at risk of exposure – which is what Ms. Clinton 's emails have done . Not only have these spies had their lives put in serious risk by this , it 's a clear violation of Federal law . The Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982 , enacted due to the murder of the CIA 's station chief in Athens after their cover was blown by the left-wing media , makes it a Federal crime to divulge the true identity of any covert operative serving U.S. intelligence if that person has not previously been publicly acknowledged to be working for our spy agencies . People really go to jail for breaking this law . John Kiriakou , a former CIA officer , recently emerged from two years in prison for unauthorized disclosure of classified information , including exposing the identity of an Agency colleague who was serving undercover .
Furthermore , Schindler cites intelligence officials who say Clinton 's emails include the names of foreigners working for the CIA . “ It 's a death sentence , ” a senior intel official said about the very high probability that foreign operatives hacked Clinton 's unsecured server . “ If we 're lucky , only agents , not our officers , will get killed because of this . ”
Schindler portrays the intelligence community as being in “ panic mode right now , trying to determine which of our intelligence officers and agents have been compromised by EmailGate . ”
This is the very opposite of taking national security seriously , especially since Clinton 's stated reason for unleashing this chaos was a trifling matter of their own personal convenience – they thought it would be confusing to carry two cell phones around , one for their personal mail and one for the State system they were supposed to be using .
No one seriously believes that story , especially not red-faced Clinton defenders screaming that it 's all a big nothingburger . They know Clinton 's real purpose was to keep their private correspondence secret from the hellish Republicans and their damnable investigative subcommittees . They 're quite happy to grant Them Majesty such a royal indulgence , but no one else should be .
Clinton loyalists willing to swallow their Vast Right Wing Conspiracy fairy tales one more time wo n't think any more deeply about their excuses , but everyone else should understand that nothing they have ever said about the email scandal is logically consistent . In these latest revelations , we have their claims to take national security seriously juxtaposed against clear evidence that they did not . They had other priorities more important than keeping classified material secure .
Clinton and their campaign claim this is all just a silly inter-agency food fight about “ over-classification ” … but the Secretary of State has no authority to declassify material . The purpose of having strict protocols for classified material , especially in this high-speed digital age , is to develop unthinking , reflexive respect for secret information among those who handle it .
Our intelligence system can not survive if people start thinking their personal opinion about whether documents are “ over-classified ” transcends the judgment of the intelligence community , or such protocols as the “ born classified ” status given to some of the information Clinton jeopardized .
Allowing high-powered politicians to trash those protocols at their own convenience guarantees more dangerous leaks in the future , and not just from arrogant Cabinet officials with good Party credentials . There is already mounting evidence that Clinton 's mere aides thought themselves empowered to strip classified markings as they saw fit .
Also , playing fast and loose with security doctrine makes it more difficult to get foreign contacts to trust the United States – not just field assets , but even prominent national leaders who begin questioning the wisdom of discussing sensitive material with American officials .
As for those field operations , we 're already in deep trouble after the Office of Personnel Management hack exposed U.S. government agents , defense contractors , and foreign contacts . If Clinton 's email put more foreign contacts at risk , as Schindler alleges , we could be heading for a catastrophic loss of trust in American connections . ( Not to mention that Obama/Clinton foreign policy has taught the world being America 's adversary is lucrative , while being America 's friend is dangerous . )
Clinton claims they are a towering genius who understands how to handle sensitive data better than anyone else in government… but their defense also relies on presenting themselves as a befuddled grandma who does n't know much about computers , an impression bolstered by recently revealed comments from State officials that they did n't even understand how email worked . They ca n't pose as both a master of 21st-century espionage and a computer neophyte at the same time .
Clinton and their flacks are trying to save them with lawyerly evasions that their emails were n't “ marked classified , ” or that they did n't “ originate ” the offending documents . Neither of those claims holds water under the relevant laws , including the non-disclosure agreement Clinton signed .
One of the vital provisions of that agreement is that Clinton would spot violations perpetrated by others , such as their aides , and report them promptly . The NDA also makes it clear that information is considered classified whether “ marked ” as such , or not . Clinton is playing word games in an effort to obscure a very sensible requirement . The only way to keep classified intel from leaking is to make everyone who handles it feel responsible for its security .
Clinton is now resorting to absurd political theater , such as claiming they want all of their Top Secret documents released for the public to judge . If they know the first thing about classified information , and takes it as seriously as they claim , they would know that anyone who complied with their request would be promptly jailed on felony charges . She 's playing the voters for fools by making a demand they know the government can not legally comply with . That 's not taking national security “ seriously ” – it 's turning national security into a political instrument .
The question really is n't whether Hillary Clinton takes national security seriously . The question is whether the American people do .
The centuries-long search for the fountain of youth has yielded only a few promising leads , one of which entails an extreme , emaciating diet . A new study of the tiny nematode worm C. elegans begins to explain this marvel of calorie restriction and hints at an easier way to achieve longevity .
Researchers at Duke University found that taking food away from C. elegans triggers a state of arrested development : while the organism continues to wriggle about , foraging for food , its cells and organs are suspended in an ageless , quiescent state . When food becomes plentiful again , the worm develops as planned , but can live twice as long as normal .
The results appear June 19 in PLOS Genetics .
`` It is possible that low-nutrient diets set off the same pathways in us to put our cells in a quiescent state , '' said David R. Sherwood , an associate professor of biology at Duke University . `` The trick is to find a way to pharmacologically manipulate this process so that we can get the anti-aging benefits without the pain of diet restriction . ''
Over the last 80 years , researchers have put a menagerie of model organisms on a diet , and they 've seen that nutrient deprivation can extend the lifespan of rats , mice , yeast , flies , spiders , fish , monkeys and worms anywhere from 30 percent to 200 percent longer than their free-fed counterparts .
Outside the laboratory and in the real world , organisms like C. elegans can experience bouts of feast or famine that no doubt affect their development and longevity . Sherwood 's colleague Ryan Baugh , an assistant professor of medicine at Duke , showed that hatching C. elegans eggs in a nutrient-free environment shut down their development completely . They asked Sherwood to investigate whether restricting diet to the point of starvation later in life would have the same effect .
Sherwood and their postdoctoral fellow Adam Schindler decided to focus on the last two stages of C. elegans larval development -- known as L3 and L4 -- when critical tissues and organs like the vulva are still developing . During these stages , the worm vulva develops from a speck of three cells to a slightly larger ball of 22 cells . The researchers found that when they took away food at various times throughout L3 and L4 , development paused when the vulva was either at the three-cell stage or the 22-cell stage , but not in between .
When they investigated further , the researchers found that not just the vulva , but all the tissues and cells in the organism seemed to get stuck at two main checkpoints . These checkpoints are like toll booths along the developmental interstate . If the organism has enough nutrients , its development can pass through to the next toll booth . If it does n't have enough , it stays at the toll booth until it has built up the nutrients necessary to get it the rest of the way .
`` Development is n't a continuous nonstop process , '' said Schindler , who is lead author of the study . `` Organisms have to monitor their environment and decide whether or not it is amenable to their development . If it is n't , they stop , if it is , they go . Those checkpoints seem to exist to allow the animal to make that decision . And the decision has implications , because the resources either go to development or to survival . ''
The study found that C. elegans could be starved for at least two weeks and still develop normally once feeding resumed . Because the meter is n't running while the worm is in its arrested state , this starvation essentially doubles the two-week lifespan of the worm .
`` This study has implications not only for aging , but also for cancer , '' said Sherwood . `` One of the biggest mysteries in cancer is how cancer cells metastasize early and then lie dormant for years before reawakening . My guess is that the pathways in worms that are arresting these cells and waking them up again are going to be the same pathways that are in human cancer metastases . ''
The researchers are now performing a number of genetic studies to see if they can find another way to force C. elegans into these development holding patterns .
The research was supported by an American Cancer Society Postdoctoral Fellowship Award and by grants from the National Institutes of Health ( R01GM079320 , R01GM100083 ) .
Deutsche Black Charts DBC , also known by various names including German Urban Charts DUC and Deutsche Hip Hop/R & B/Dancehall Singles , is a German chart released weekly by Deutsche Trend Charts ( owned by Public Music & Media Ltd. and issued and marketed in Hamburg ) . The charts are widely broadcast and published in various print magazines , radio , on TV and many Internet websites in Germany . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Initiated in 2001 , it is the most important black music chart in Germany and is used to track the success of popular music songs in urban venues . The chart is dominated by contemporary R & B , rap and hip-hop . It lists the most popular R & B , dancehall , rap and hip-hop songs , calculated weekly by airplay on rhythmic and urban radio stations and sales in urban record stores and dance club play . For the German music industry and trade , they have grown into a respected and vital yardstick of this specific music genre since its formation and have found a high level of recognition among DJs and young consumers of these styles of music . A song is able to chart for a maximum of ten weeks before they become a `` drop out '' , allowing new releases to debut in following weeks . [ 1 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
VALLEJO ( CBS SF ) — A disturbing viral video of a violent fight between two teens in Vallejo on was raising serious questions on Tuesday .
In the two days since it was posted on YouTube , the clip has more than 100,000 views .
In the video , two teenagers who have been identified as 15-year-old Holly Wrixon and 15-year-old Morgan Johnson are seen fighting in the driveway of a Vallejo home Sunday afternoon .
In the video , Wrixon is the blonde girl who , after exchanging words with the teen boy , appears to try and slap Johnson .
That 's when things escalate quickly . The teenage boy then grabs Wrixon and slams them to the ground .
The impact is so hard that it appears to completely disorient Wrixon and might even have briefly knocked them unconscious as their friends tend to them
Johnson is also seen scuffling with another young woman who tried to intervene just before the body slam occurred .
While the video is upsetting and difficult to watch , the violence is not all that surprising to Vallejo resident Ronald Hedge .
“ It 's so bad . It 's so evil right now that it 's hard to make a call on something like that , ” said Hedge . “ It 's just so ugly , but living here , I see it every day . ”
After being slammed onto the ground , Wrixon appears to have a hard time getting up . As they tried to sit up , it seems they might be having a seizure .
Wrixon was taken to a local hospital , but KPIX 5 was not able to learn their current condition .
The clip has generated quite a discussion online . Some YouTube comments have called Holly the aggressor in this case while others see them as a victim of abuse .
According to reports , Vallejo police were called to the scene during the incident , but authorities had not confirmed that there was an ongoing investigation into the fight as of early Tuesday afternoon .
SEATTLE ( Reuters ) - A police officer in the Washington state capital of Olympia shot and wounded two unarmed black men suspected of trying to steal beer from a supermarket on Thursday , law enforcement said , prompting protests in the city .
The two brothers , aged 21 and 24 , were hospitalized , one in critical condition with multiple gunshot wounds , Olympia Police Chief Ronnie Roberts told a news conference .
Officer Ryan Donald , who had been with the Olympia Police Department for three years , told authorities the men had no weapons but attacked them with a skateboard , and that they had issued a verbal warning before opening fire .
The incident follows a series of fatal police confrontations across the United States that have put law enforcement agencies under scrutiny over the use of force , particularly against minorities .
After reports of the shooting , several protests took place in Olympia , a city of about 48,000 people where only 2 percent of the population is black , according to U.S. Census data .
Around 400 took to the streets on Thursday evening , meeting at a park before marching to City Hall , according to local newspaper The Olympian . Photos of the demonstration published by the paper showed a racially mixed group , with many whites taking part .
The police chief said Donald , who is white , and other officers responded to an assault call at a supermarket around 1 a.m. An employee reported that two men who were trying to steal beer had thrown the items at them and then ran away .
One man was shot in a confrontation with Donald , Roberts said , and the two suspects then ran into the woods . When they re-emerged , multiple shots were fired , Roberts said .
“ There was some sort of confrontation there , and the officer felt threatened and discharged their firearm , ” Roberts said .
The men shot were identified as brothers Andre Thompson and Bryson Chaplin . Thompson , the older brother , was stable while Chaplin was critical but expected to survive , Chief Brad Watkins of the Thurston County Sheriff 's Office said .
Donald was placed on administrative leave pending an investigation . The Olympia police will not be involved in the probe , Watkins said .
Olympia police are not equipped with body-worn cameras and there was no dashboard camera video of the incident , they said .
The Thurston County prosecuting attorney will review the investigation to decide if the use of force was reasonable .
The JUpiter ICy moon Explorer Would launch on Ariane rocket in 2022
Journey to Jupiter system takes eight years
Will study gas giant as well as moons
Fly-bys planned for moons Callisto and Europa
First mission to orbit an icy moon - Ganymede
Would end mission by crashing into surface
The European Space Agency ( Esa ) is to mount a billion-euro mission to Jupiter and its icy moons .
The probe , called Juice , has just been approved at a meeting of member state delegations in Paris .
It would be built in time for a launch in 2022 , although it would be a further eight years before it reached the Jovian system .
The mission has emerged from a five-year-long competition to find the next `` large class '' space venture in Europe .
Juice stands for JUpiter ICy moon Explorer . The concept proposes an instrument-packed , nearly five-tonne satellite to be sent out to the Solar System 's biggest planet , to make a careful investigation of three of its biggest moons .
The spacecraft would use the gravity of Jupiter to initiate a series of close fly-bys around Callisto and Europa , and then finally to put itself in a settled orbit around Ganymede .
Emphasis would be put on `` habitability '' - in trying to understand whether there is any possibility that these moons could host microbial life .
Callisto , Europa and Ganymede are all suspected to have oceans of water below their icy surfaces . As such , they may have environments conducive to simple biology .
`` People probably do n't realise that habitable zones do n't necessarily need to be close to a star - in our case , close to the Sun , '' explained Prof Michele Dougherty , a Juice science team member from Imperial College London , UK .
`` There are four conditions required for life to form . You need water ; you need an energy source - so the ice can become liquid ; you need the right chemistry - nitrogen , carbon , hydrogen ; and the fourth thing you need is stability - a length of time that allows life to form .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Juice team members Andrew Coates and Michele Dougherty on 'exciting ' Jupiter mission
`` The great thing about the icy moons in the Jupiter system is that we think those four conditions might exist there ; and Juice will tell us if that is the case , '' they told BBC News .
The mission will cost Esa on the order of 830m euros ( £695m ; $ 1.1bn ) over its entire life cycle . This includes the cost of manufacturing the spacecraft bus , or chassis , launching the satellite and operating it until 2033 .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Prof Michele Dougherty : 'Where could life exist elsewhere in our Solar System ? '
This sum does not however include Juice 's 11 instruments . Funding for This comes from the member states . When this money is taken into account , the final budget for Juice is expected to be just short of 1.1bn euros .
It has not yet been decided which European nations will provide which instruments . An Announcement of Opportunity will be released this summer with a view to identifying the instrument providers by the start of next year .
The final and formal go-ahead for Juice should be given in 2014 . In Esa-speak , this stage is referred to as `` adoption '' .
It is the moment when all the elements required to build the satellite are in place and the full costings are established .
It is also the point at which any international participation is recognised .
Ganymede - a 'waterworld ' One of four big Jovian moons seen by Galileo
Takes roughly seven days to orbit Jupiter
Salty ocean thought to exist just below surface
Only moon known to possess a magnetosphere
Darker regions are more ancient than lighter ones
Previously visited by Voyager and Galileo probes
At the moment , Juice is a Europe-only venture , but there is every possibility that the Americans will get on board .
The US space agency ( Nasa ) walked away from the idea of producing a companion satellite to Juice - a spacecraft that would orbit Europa rather than Ganymede - due to programmatic differences and budget concerns .
Nonetheless , there is a strong desire among the American scientific community to have some involvement in Juice , especially in those aspects that concern Europa .
Dr Britney Schmidt from the University of Texas at Austin is excited that Europe has chosen to fly Juice , and expects the probe 's data to resolve many outstanding questions at the icy moon .
`` We know that ice is a really good place [ for life ] to do business on Earth , '' they told the BBC .
`` There 's plenty of microbial and even some macroscopic organisms that use ice to make a living . It 's not so hard to imagine that life like that which lives in Antarctica and in the Arctic might be very possible on Europa . ''
The Esa executive has put down 68m euros as a kind of placeholder , to give some idea of how much Nasa might like to contribute . The sum is roughly the equivalent of two instruments . However , it should be said that no explicit discussions between Esa and Nasa have taken place concerning which specific instruments might come from across the Atlantic .
One further issue needs to be resolved : the name of the mission . The `` Juice '' label was dreamt up by the science team who devised the mission concept , but the researchers acknowledge there was a touch of humour in its creation .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dr Britney Schmidt : 'Ice is a really good place to do business '
They would like to use the name Laplace , after the great 18th/19th-Century French mathematician and astronomer Pierre-Simon Laplace . A number of commentators would like to see Esa run a public competition to find a suitable mission name .
The Juice proposal was chosen over two other ideas - Athena , which envisages the biggest X-ray telescope ever built , and NGO , which would place a trio of high-precision satellites in space to detect gravitational waves .
These defeated concepts will probably now be entered into the next competition , due to be announced next year or the year after .
Image caption With a diameter of 5,268km , Ganymede is the largest moon in the Solar System
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET @ bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter
With handshakes and smiles , Alaska lawmakers on a House-Senate budget committee Wednesday evening moved a final $ 5 billion budget compromise that they said was expected to pass the full Legislature on Thursday .
The deal resolves legislators ' main sticking point -- scheduled pay raises for state employees -- by granting the raises but asking the administration of Gov . Bill Walker to limit future increases in light of a massive state budget gap .
Negotiations among three factions of lawmakers took the Legislature nearly eight weeks beyond the scheduled conclusion of its 90-day session , and within three weeks of a government shutdown .
But a deal finally emerged late Wednesday , when the House-Senate budget conference committee took less than 10 minutes to formally adopt the pieces of the compromise .
`` I 'm feeling very confident right now , '' Rep. Steve Thompson , R-Fairbanks , a member of the committee , said afterward .
For nearly two weeks , the Republican-led majority in the Senate was at an impasse with the House , where the Republican-led majority and Democratic minority passed their own compromise $ 5 billion spending plan .
All three groups of lawmakers need to agree for the two chambers to reach the three-quarters voting threshold required to tap billions of dollars in a state savings account to pay for the budget .
Senate Republicans initially refused to sign off on a provision in the House compromise bill that funded pay raises for state workers by cutting an unspecified $ 30 million from state government -- which the administration of Gov . Bill Walker said would likely lead to layoffs .
The new budget deal under consideration would keep the raises , but it includes language asking the Walker administration to hold pay rates flat when it negotiates new contracts . It also asks that the contracts include provisions allowing them to be renegotiated if the price of oil goes below $ 45 per barrel or above $ 95 per barrel .
Money from oil taxes and royalties makes up the majority of Alaska 's revenues , and a price crash and reduced production have opened a multibillion-dollar gap in the state budget .
The budget proposal , said House Speaker Mike Chenault , R-Nikiski , `` does n't guarantee that there 's going to be any increase or decrease in salary '' based on rising or falling oil prices . But it allows the state `` to have that conversation , '' they added in an interview Wednesday afternoon .
Terms of the deal were outlined in a letter to Walker dated Tuesday from the co-chairs of the conference committee , Sen. Pete Kelly , R-Fairbanks , and Rep. Mark Neuman , R-Big Lake .
The plan also had the endorsement of the Democratic minority , said Rep. Chris Tuck , D-Anchorage , the leader of that group .
`` I think it 'll work -- and you can say I said it with a smile on my face and a sigh of relief , '' Tuck said in an interview Wednesday afternoon , with a smile on their face .
In a prepared statement about the letter issued Wednesday evening , Walker said : `` We are reviewing it and discussing it with all of the parties . ''
Asked about the proposed budget deal , Jim Duncan , the executive director of the state 's largest public employee union , the Alaska State Employees Association , said their group does not negotiate with the Legislature .
But , they added : `` We understand the financial condition of this state , and we expect to be reasonable . ''
The full House and Senate now have to formally agree to the deal passed by the conference committee late Wednesday , and both have floor sessions scheduled for Thursday .
In addition to the pay raises , the compromise budget also preserved about $ 15 million sought by House Democrats for areas like public broadcasting and the state ferry and university systems .
One Democratic committee member , Golovin Sen. Donny Olson , said minority members did n't get all they wanted in this year 's budget .
`` But thanks to the House minority , it kept us in the ball game , '' they said in an interview after the conference committee meeting .
Rep. Les Gara , D-Anchorage , pointed out that many of their caucus 's priorities were left out of the final package , including expansion of the public Medicaid health care program and eliminating $ 200 million worth of tax credits for oil companies .
Republican House members noted that the final spending package passed by the conference committee is essentially the same as the compromise measure passed by their chamber two weeks ago , before it was rejected by the Senate .
`` I 'm glad the Senate finally found its way to our path , '' said Rep. Charisse Millett , R-Anchorage , the House majority leader .
Kelly , a key figure in the budget negotiations as co-chair of the Senate Finance Committee , defended Wednesday 's compromise by saying it set guidelines to keep future labor costs in check .
In 1969 the Boston Museum of Fine Arts ( MFA ) —led by its charismatic director Perry T. Rathbone—acquired a previously unknown oil-on-panel portrait attributed to Raphael , the Italian Old Master best-known for their masterpiece The School of Athens . The acquisition of the asupervisorstioned Portrait of a Young Girl was initially considered a coup for the museum , but things went sideways for Rathbone and their colleagues after an Italian art sleuth challenged the museum 's right to ownership . Complicating matters further , experts began to question whether Portrait of a Young Girl was in fact a Raphael , developments that precipitated an international crisis and led to Rathbone 's resignation .
In “ The Boston Raphael : A Mysterious Painting , an Embattled Museum in an Era of Change , and a Daughter 's Search for the Truth ” ( David R. Godine ) , Belinda Rathbone revisits the affair in a quest to ascertain exactly what happened . As Perry 's daughter , Belinda has a unique perspective , and—as a critically-acclaimed biographer and historian—the capacity to do the research necessary to uncover important details . In the following Failure Interview , Belinda discusses the book and the results of their investigation , which revealed that the outcome could have been different—and considerably more favorable for the MFA—had the museum 's Board of Trustees chosen a different path .
What motivated you to write “ The Boston Raphael ” ?
A lot of people say , “ Why on earth would you want to write a book about your father 's greatest failure in their otherwise highly successful career ? ” But I was n't happy with the way it went down in history . The story of the Boston Raphael overshadowed their success and it was also misunderstood ; it was understood in a very vague way by the general public and even by close friends . I felt it was important to know what went on—for myself and for the world . So I went into deep investigation , looking for every side of the story . It was against the wishes of some close friends and family , I can tell you . But I knew it was an important story and one that should n't be left in the category of rumor .
Your father transformed the Museum of Fine Arts during the course of their directorship . What were some of their most significant accomplishments ?
One of their great talents was for making the museum a really attractive and exciting place because of the way the works of art were displayed . They had a great eye and staged terrific exhibitions . They also had a passion for collecting and managed to collect some absolutely spectacular things . Their acquisitions were certainly a signature achievement and there were many successes , as you can see in the book from the color plates , which show some of their greatest hits . Beyond that they were also a great populist . They were very aware of their public and appealed to [ people from ] every walk of life . They were very energetic and ambitious .
What motivated your father to acquire a painting like Portrait of a Young Girl ?
This was inspired by the upcoming centennial of the museum in 1970 . A few years earlier the museum began to prepare for the great celebrations and it was their intention to bring worldwide attention to the museum and its collections . What they considered the jewel in the crown , shall we say , would be to acquire a great Old Master painting—something rare and completely unknown and something that would forever adorn the collection in a significant way . The museum had no work by Raphael , so when they learned of this picture—which was with an obscure dealer in Genoa , Italy—he was extremely tempted and excited about it . To be able to buy it [ for $ 600,000 ] was more than they could believe , really . They felt extremely lucky , but in the end it was bad luck .
What set off the controversy ?
By the time this picture was unveiled at the museum in December 1969 there were signs that an Italian art sleuth , Rodolfo Siviero , was on the trail . They started making noises in Italy and pretty soon Boston was hearing about their doubts about the legitimacy of the export of the painting . They were questioning the legality of its movements , if it indeed came from Italy . On top of that there were doubts about the attribution to Raphael .
My father took all this in stride . They anticipated a certain amount of doubt . This always happens with Old Master paintings that seemingly come out of nowhere . And there 's a little bit of professional jealousy involved as well . So they brushed it off , at first , and also brushed off the allegations of smuggling , because they believed—and quite rightly—that they had operated within the gray areas of the law in removing this picture from Italy . There were lots of gray areas , and everyone took advantage of them . They were pretty sure that they were on solid ground . They also had the opinion about the authenticity of the picture from John Shearman of London , one of the world 's experts on Raphael . They felt pretty confident about that too . My father tended to be a confident person rather than an overly cautious person . An overly cautious person does n't make a very exciting museum director .
How was the controversy resolved ?
Well that is really what my book is about . Clearly it was a crisis , and not a crisis that any single person was going to resolve or avert . My father had a great team in their curatorial staff . They were extremely devoted . It was a very good relationship , all the way down to the lowest levels of the staff .
They were also very popular with their Board of Trustees . A museum director is in a kind of sandwich between their staff who work under him , and the trustees who are over him . Even though they are not paid and not involved with the day-to-day operations of the museum , they are essentially the boss of the boss . That 's where things got tricky . It became a matter for the trustees to deal with . And my father had a serious adversary in the Chairman of the Board , George Seybolt , who was a gruff business type who very aggressively moved in and tried to institute major changes . They were shaking things up quite a bit and really wanted to take control away from my father . They did n't see eye to eye and I think—and many people think—he was quite anxious to see my father go . So they turned the Raphael incident into a cut-and-dried reason to ask for my father 's resignation .
In another scenario the trustees might have rallied around my father 's cause and persuaded the authorities that this was an innocent mistake ; that once the picture was out of Italian hands it was also out of Italian law—and that the questions about its attribution to Raphael made it kind of moot point anyway . They could have been repaid the money they spent and averted the crisis .
What 's interesting is this question of failure . My father 's failure was one of a lapse of judgment . Every museum director makes a mistake or two , this just happened to be a very treacherous one . But the failure of the trustees is what I hope is clear to the reader . They could have protected my father but they chose not to . And the years that followed my father 's resignation were extremely difficult . Some people would say that the museum has never been as strong as it was then .
Where is the painting now ?
It 's in the Uffizi Gallery in Florence . And it 's a tragedy because it would be enjoyed on the wall here in Boston , if only we had it . We would learn something from this little portrait , even if it is n't a Raphael . And scholars also tend to change their minds about things as new scholars emerge and have different points of view . So the other side of this , which is sad , is that no one has been able to look at this picture for more than thirty years . I did [ by special arrangement during a trip to Italy ] . But unfortunately I 'm not an expert on Italian Renaissance painting , so I have no opinion about whether it 's a Raphael . But others would .
What was your gut reaction when you saw the Portrait of a Young Girl again ?
My gut reaction was : Gosh , it 's such a small , innocent little picture . To look at this young girl and to think of the havoc they caused is just an amazing , weird story . They are completely innocent of the whole thing and has become a kind of mysterious icon of cultural repatriation , which is a big topic today . Most stories about repatriation of cultural artifacts revolve around antiquities , because they involve illegal excavations and things that damage the potential for research and understanding of a work of art . Whereas this picture is just a picture that a dealer had ; it had never been stolen . So it 's a real anomaly in terms of works of art returning to their source country .
Did the controversy result in changes in terms of the way works of arts are exported and imported ?
I think it did . I do n't know if anyone has traced it directly , but it was certainly a very notable event and everybody in the art world knew about it and had an opinion and responded in some way . It also happened at a time that UNESCO [ United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization ] first started trying to hammer out a unilateral agreement between nations about the export of works of art . It was becoming clear that there were too many gray areas , and it was making people on one side or the other unhappy . Since then , things have become clearer about what is okay and what is n't .
Did writing the book allow you to answer the questions you were hoping to answer at the outset ?
Very much so . I knew there was a slant to the story—a sort of subplot—that Seybolt was intent on taking over the museum and seeing my father go . I had no reason not to believe that , but I needed to explore that personally and verify it and understand it better . I definitely satisfied that and it was absolutely accurate . This is from gathering many opinions on them and from reading Seybolt 's own words , as they left a very extensive interview at the Archives of American Art , as did my father . But it was a revelation to understand how their mind was working . And to understand that there were other trustees who were beginning to wonder if my father 's leadership was becoming a little dated .
But there are parts of the story that I do n't think I will ever really know . They are not in the record and will never be found .
Did the NSA 's massive call records database program pre-date the terrorist attacks of 9/11 ?
That startling allegation is in court documents released this week which show that former Qwest CEO Joseph Nacchio – the head of the only company known to have turned down the NSA 's requests for Americans ' phone records – tried , unsuccessfully , to argue just that in their defense against insider trading charges .
Nacchio was sentenced to 6 years in prison in 2007 after being found guilty of illegally selling shares based on insider information that the company 's fortunes were declining . Nacchio unsuccessfully attempted to defend themselves by arguing that they actually expected Qwest 's 2001 earnings to be higher because of secret NSA contracts , which , they contend , were denied by the NSA after they declined in a February 27 , 2001 meeting to give the NSA customer calling records , court documents released this week show .
AT & T , Verizon and Bellsouth all agreed to turn over call records to an NSA database , according to reporting in the USA Today in 2006 . At that time , Nacchio 's lawyer publicly stated that Nacchio declined to participate until served with a proper legal order .
The government has never confirmed or denied the existence of the program , but is trying to win legal immunity for telecoms being sued for their alleged participation in the call records program and the government 's warrantless wiretapping of Americans . Turning over customer records to anyone , including the government , without proper legal orders violates federal privacy laws .
Nacchio 's attempt to depose witnesses and present the classified defense was declined by Colorado federal district court judge Edward Nottingham , a decision that is playing a role in Nacchio 's pending appeal to the 10th Circuit Appeals court .
The allegation is peppered throughout the highly redacted documents released by the lower court today , but are most clear in the introduction to this filing ( .pdf ) from April 2007 .
Defendant Joseph P. Nacchio ... respectfully renews their objection to the Court 's rulings excluding testimony surrounding their February 27 , 2001 meeting at Ft. Meade with representatives from the National Security Agency ( NSA ) as violative of their constitutional right to mount a defense . Although Mr. Nacchio is allowed to tell the jury that they and James Payne went into that meeting expecting to talk about the `` Groundbreaker '' project and came out of the meeting with optimism about the prospect for 2001 revenue from NSA , the Court has prohibited Mr. Nacchio from eliciting testimony regarding what also occurred at that meeting . [ REDACTED ] The Court has also refused to allow Mr. Nacchio to demonstrate that the agency retaliated for this refusal by denying the Groundbreaker and perhaps other work to Qwest . By being prevented from telling their full story to the jury or from fully and properly cross-examining any rebuttal witnesses , Mr. Nacchio has been deprived of the ability to explaoin why - after they came out of the February meeting with a reasonable , good faith , expectation that Qwest would be receiving significant contracts from NSA in 2001 ... Qwest was denied significant work . [ ed note . James Payne , Qwest 's government liason who was also at February 27 , 2001 meeting , later spoke with government agents in 2006 ] . In the interview , Mr. Payne confirmed that , at the February 27 , 2001 meeting , `` [ t ] here was some discussion about [ redacted ] . Mr. Payne also stated : Subsequent to the meeting the customer came back and expressed disappointment at Qwest 's decision . Payne realized at this time that `` no '' was not going to be enough fro them . Payne said they never actually said no and it went on for years . In meetings after meetings , they would bring it up . At one point , they suggested they just them , `` no . '' Nacchio said it was a legal issue and that they could not do something their general counsel told them not to do . ... Nacchio projected that they might do it if they could find a way to do it legally . There was a feeling also , that the NSA acted as agents for other government agencies and if Qwest frustrated the NSA , they would also frustrate other agencies .
The Groundbreaker contract , reportedly worth $ 2 - $ 5 billion dollars , outsources the NSA 's IT management , but at least one lawsuit charges the project was cover for a domestic spying program .
Notably , after the USA Today story ran , Nacchio 's lawyer Herbert Stern , who argued their case before trial , released this statement :
In light of pending litigation , I have been reluctant to issue any public statements . However , because of apparent confusion concerning Joe Nacchio and their role in refusing to make private telephone records of Qwest customers available to the NSA immediately following the Patriot Act , and in order to negate misguided attempts to relate Mr. Nacchio 's conduct to present litigation , the following are the facts . In the Fall of 2001 , at a time when there was no investigation of Qwest or Mr. Nacchio by the Department of Justice or the Securities and Exchange Commission , and while Mr. Nacchio was Chairman and CEO of Qwest and was serving pursuant to the President 's appointment as the Chairman of the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee , Qwest was approached to permit the Government access to the private telephone records of Qwest customers . Mr. Nacchio made inquiry as to whether a warrant or other legal process had been secured in support of that request . When they learned that no such authority had been granted and that there was a disinclination on the part of the authorities to use any legal process , including the Special Court which had been established to handle such matters , Mr. Nacchio concluded that these requests violated the privacy requirements of the Telecommunications Act . Accordingly , Mr. Nacchio issued instructions to refuse to comply with these requests . These requests continued throughout Mr. Nacchio 's tenure and until their departure in June of 2002 .
Note that Stern says a request was made in the Fall of 2001 . Stern does not say `` first approached '' in the statement , though that clearly seems to be the implication . But it 's not what the four corners of Stern 's statement says . And finally , the redactions in the documents make it impossible to say what the February 21 , 2001 requests from the NSA were . It could have been a request from NSA to do some other eavesdropping thing that Nacchio felt uncomfortable with , but I 'm very doubtful .
See Also :
The several pages of opening scenes are an assortment of wordless images where Hester really shines . They excel when their artwork can show detail and dark shadows in the same image , and inker Eric Gapstur does a sublime job of keeping the pencil work dark and ominous . The series of images serve to set the tone of the book , which is uncertainty ; Dr. Shipwright is a narrow , craven-looking man in a barren wasteland , but they do n't know where they are any more than the reader does .
It 's when Shipwright meets the inspector that things go from a feeling of trepidation to feeling dream-like , where the characters explore the backstory of Shipwright and their strange journey to their present state/location , but that exposition causes more questions for the reader . Hester shines again as they help produce a disjointed couple scenes in the building , complete with suspicious characters and a gruesome kitchen segment .
And this issue is a seriously glorious taste of Ellis ' storytelling - they explain deftly what happened , and explores the various skills that Shipwright retains , but betrays nothing about the overall narrative and what the hell 's really going on . Their dialogue is sharp but innocuous , where you read the explanations provided but they do n't make sense ... yet . There are some seeds planted here that could yield a heavy , heavy crop .
I also have to applaud the work of colorist Mark Engelert , whose palate of gritty earth tones clash with strange greens and blues , alternating the mood and keeping the reader on their or their toes with each scene . It 's a real triumph to see how their colors affect the story , and mixed with Hester 's continued motif of spiders and crows , the story is as tense as it is enigmatic .
This book is a hell of an introduction ; the layers of plot , the stark representation of characters , and the overall vibe offer up an anxiousness to devour this story that I have n't felt since Planetary . Shipwreck is dark and forboding , and Ellis , Hester , and company have started weaving a tapestry that I for one ca n't wait to see unfurl .
9.5 out of 10 Mangled Hands
Iran would be ready to grant the UN atomic watchdog `` full supervision '' of its nuclear activities for five years if UN sanctions were lifted , a senior official was quoted as saying on Monday , an offer the West may greet with skepticism .
Fereydoun Abbasi-Davani , the head of Iran 's Atomic Energy Organization , did not spell out whether they meant unrestricted access for the United Nations ' International Atomic Energy
Agency ( IAEA ) in its probe into Tehran 's nuclear program .
Technicians measuring parts of Iran 's Bushehr nuclear power plant in this undated photo . AP
What do you think of this article ? Visit Haaretz.com on Facebook and share your views .
Since talks between global powers and Iran foundered in January , Russia has advocated a phased plan in which Tehran would address concerns that it may be seeking nuclear weapons , and be rewarded with an easing of sanctions .
But Abbasi-Davani made clear Iran has no intention of suspending its uranium enrichment program , a condition enshrined in a series of United Nations sanctions resolutions passed against Tehran since 2006 .
Western nations suspect Iran is trying to use its nuclear program to develop atomic weapons . The Islamic Republic has denied the charge , saying it wants to produce nuclear energy .
The IAEA , which in a report last week said it was `` increasingly concerned '' about possible nuclear weapons development work in Iran , has long complained of a lack of Iranian cooperation with agency inspectors .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
It has called on Tehran to implement the IAEA 's so-called Additional Protocol , which would give the UN agency unfettered access to Iranian sites , even those not declared to be nuclear-related , at short notice .
While granting inspectors regular access to its declared nuclear facilities , including the Natanz enrichment site , the Islamic state has so far refused to allow the Vienna-based
agency wider inspection powers .
`` Baseless ''
Some analysts believe the West may have to accept some continued enrichment in Iran for any chance of an end to the standoff over Tehran 's nuclear aims . In return , Iran would have
to accept much more intrusive inspections .
Iran has recently sought to demonstrate increased openness about its nuclear program , allowing a senior IAEA official rare access to a research and development facility last month .
But Western diplomats have dismissed this as a `` charm offensive '' and an apparent manoeuvre by Iran to ease world pressure on the country , while forging ahead with an enrichment drive that can have both civilian and military purposes .
`` By lifting the UN sanctions ... the International Atomic Energy Agency can have full supervision over Iran 's nuclear work for five years , '' Abbasi-Davani told ISNA .
They said the IAEA 's allegation of possible military-linked nuclear work was `` fabricated and baseless '' .
In a comment making clear Tehran has no intention of halting its activities to refine uranium , they said Iran planned to increase the number of enrichment machines in its nuclear facilities over the next six months .
`` We also plan to set up new production lines to produce new generation of centrifuges , '' Abbasi-Davani said .
For years , Tehran has been seeking to replace the breakdown-prone 1970s vintage model of centrifuge it now uses to refine uranium , but the changeover has been hampered by sanctions restricting access to vital components , analysts say .
Abbasi-Davani said Iran was not yet ready to mass-produce the new centrifuges .
Scotland 's wonderful success in its home Games continued on Friday night in the pool . Staging a fightback that was only appropriate for a man gifted such a surname , Dan Wallace burst through to win the 400 metres individual medley . No wonder they yelled “ for freedom ” as they celebrated their triumph .
At one point trailing in fourth place , Wallace surfed the emotional riptide of noise washing down from the stands to power home in the final straight to win . For the 21-year-old from Berwickshire , it was a moment of particularly personal vindication , demonstrated in the exuberance of their celebratory splash on completing their victory .
Their very participation in the Games had been in doubt as recently as May this year after they had been suspended indefinitely by the University of Florida , where they were on a swimming scholarship . They were punished when a drunken night out had ended with theirs being arrested for urinating on a police car .
“ I was living the life of a rock star out there and you ca n't do that and get anywhere in the pool , ” they said after their win . “ It was a wake-up call . I had to re-evaluate the way I was living . But I think I responded tonight . ”
For their parents , who had sold their house to fund their now truncated university career , their victory was a particularly emotional moment . They made a point of seeking them out after the medal ceremony and embracing them . “ My mum was in tears , ” they said . “ My whole family was in tears . It meant a lot to them to see me win . ”
And the once wayward Wallace won the most demanding of disciplines in style . Two lengths of the pool in each of butterfly , backstroke , breaststroke and freestyle drains the most physically powerful . They turned after the butterfly and backstroke legs trailing in fourth . But a hugely impressive breaststroke leg propelled them up to second . Even so , with 50 metres to go of the freestyle section they still seemed to have too much to do . Spurred on by a roof-threatening roar , however , they soared past Thomas Fraser-Holmes of Australia to take the title in a record-setting 4 min 11.20 sec .
“ I knew where I needed to be at each point . It was a dogfight to the finish but I 'm really happy , ” they said . “ It 's not every day you get to race and win in front of your home crowd . ”
Despite being suspended indefinitely by their academic institution for resisting arrest , Wallace was not to be stopped . And when asked how they would be celebrating their achievement they were anxious to show their new found sobriety . “ With a cup of tea , ” they insisted .
For the home crowd it was not the end of new local heroes . Ross Murdoch , the Scot whose genuine astonishment at winning the 200m breaststroke gold medal on the opening night had charmed its way into their compatriots ' hearts , was back in action in the semi-final of the 100m . Murdoch had not held back on the tears on Thursday night , letting them flow freely during the playing of the Scottish anthem . But they showed absolutely no sign of an emotional hangover . In the 100m breaststroke semi-final they did not disappoint their new constituency .
Turning fourth , they powered their way through the field in the second 50 metres . To a stamping , cheering , hollering swell of support , they touched home first , in 59.72 sec . In doing so they set up a thrilling cross border swim off on Saturday , against England 's Adam Peaty . But for Michael Jamieson , the pre-tournament local favourite , there was only further disappointment . They were ranked 10th and failed to qualify .
- Commonwealth Games 2014 : medal table
- Commonwealth Games schedule : Day 3
By Doug Powers • September 14 , 2016 07:47 AM
* * Written by Doug Powers
Make sure you 're not taking a drink of anything when you read this instant classic :
Nobody needs to see a note from any doctor to confirm that Hillary 's main health issue is continually overdosing on projection .
Hillary 's tweet should have begun , “ take it from the expert… ”
More than half the people outside the government who met with Hillary Clinton while they were secretary of state gave money — either personally or through companies or groups — to the Clinton Foundation . It 's an extraordinary proportion indicating their possible ethics challenges if elected president . At least 85 of 154 people from private interests who met or had phone conversations scheduled with Clinton while they led the State Department donated to their family charity or pledged commitments to its international programs , according to a review of State Department calendars released so far to The Associated Press . Combined , the 85 donors contributed as much as $ 156 million . At least 40 donated more than $ 100,000 each , and 20 gave more than $ 1 million .
* * Written by Doug Powers
Twitter @ ThePowersThatBe
Department of Veterans Affairs researchers boasted that fewer veterans are using opioids after an agency initiative stripped veterans of this treatment modality .
As the Tomah VA scandal was breaking , VA embarked on its Opioid Safety Initiative ( OSI ) in 2013 . That VA initiative resulted in a 30 % reduction in veterans using opioids , according to the agency report relayed by Friedhelm Sandbrink , MD . Basically , within four years , VA reduced the number of veterans taking opioids from 679,000 to 471,000 .
RELATED : Tomah VA Psychiatrist Fired Over Opioid Abuse Scandal
The caveat of the story though is that VA failed to incorporate any measure into the initiative about the number of veterans who seek opioids outside VA as a result of the treatment limitations .
This means the announcement from VA was generally false because they could not know if the veterans truly went off opioids or if they got them from a non-VA entity .
As we all know , countless veterans have had their painkillers withheld once the OSI initiative was in place , which resulted in veterans experiencing extreme pain and distress .
What appears more likely is that VA engaged in an experiment to see how many veterans they could take off opioids after VA doctors got them hooked on opioids .
Nonetheless , this lack of data concerning whether veterans truly went off opioids did not stop members of the press from publishing stories titled , “ Fewer Vets on Opioids Following VA Initiative ” .
This latter issue means the OSI announcement was pure propaganda . Key decisionmakers within VA and outside VA will see the study as a great success merely by looking at titles associated with the research – – click bait .
It reminds me of a Facebook debate I got into last night . ( Facebook debates are a waste of time , but I sometimes indulge myself . )
Facebook Rant – Evangelicals = Taliban ?
Last night , I came across an article with the clickbait title , “ It 's Time to Start Calling Evangelicals What They Are : The American Taliban ” .
The author of the article on ChurchandState.org.uk does go on to qualify what they meant , but that does not change the nature of the clickbait title .
I responded rather forcefully in part because I was raised Evangelical and the comparison within the clickbait title was offbase .
Here is what I wrote in response for your own amusement if you are unable to view the actual Facebook post :
Total clickbait .
This author preys on the ignorance of atheists and non-Evangelicals when writing this piece since it is inconsistent with reality on its face .
Do you know how often I saw women worshiping Christ alongside men as equals in an Evangelical service ?
EVERY time .
Do you know how often women and men worship together in the Taliban in Afghanistan , next to each other as equals ?
ZERO times . It is forbidden at risk of stoning .
Do you know how often I saw women wear mandatory sheets over their faces while I worshiped Christ in an Evangelical church as a kid ?
ZERO times . Women were not forbidden to show their face .
Do you know how often I was involved in a stoning of a woman or any other person who deviated from the teachings of Christ ?
ZERO times , but you can watch a youtube video regularly of a woman , generally forced into sex slavery by marriage , who was eventually stoned for pushing back .
https : //youtu.be/jJv-72DSpaE
Evangelicals are not the American Taliban . There is no “ American ” Taliban last I checked , and Evangelicals certainly do not support stoning .
To state as much is an insult to both the Taliban and Evangelicals .
Taliban have extreme views that include stoning sinners and prohibiting women from worshipping God alongside men .
Get real . Get educated . Read and think for yourself . Being a liberal should not also mean you need to snub your nose at every religious person just because you hate God .
Most Evangelicals and Taliban do not hate God . They just have a different idea on how to serve the God they believe in . But most liberals who subscribe to this argument generally hold disdain against any people who believe in either version of the God of Abraham .
Here are a few videos to illustrate the practice of selling daughters into sex slavery as child wives who are later mutilated or stoned by the Taliban :
Clickbait , Propaganda And VA
Now , my perspective on clickbait on Facebook also extends to what VA does on a regular basis . Their public relations folks ( the taxpayer funded propaganda arm of VA ) continually engineer and structure press releases with the goal of creating a false perception within the public .
The above example , where VA grabs headlines by falsely asserting their initiative was a great success at reducing opioid use while not actually knowing if what they are asserting is true .
For decades , VA was effective at curating the message and forming public opinion about VA until 2014 , when America was outraged to learn the agency abused its authority and lied to the public about how it really treats veterans .
It was then that CNN broke the infamous wait time scandal starting in Phoenix that was later found to be present at practically every VA health care facility nationwide .
We also had the attempted cover-up of opioid abuse at Tomah VA that was simultaneously exposed . It was on the back of the Tomah VA scandal that the agency created the OSI plan .
However , numerous veterans report the initiative is wrongly withholding painkillers from veterans who have no other alternative .
To get at this , I plan to take a simple poll / survey on Sunday to see how many veterans believe they were harmed by the opioid reduction experiment .
But for now , what do you think about the opioid reduction plan at VA. Was this an experiment guided by politics or real treatment conferring value and benefit for injured veterans ?
However , low-carb foods are very nutrient dense , and can assist lean weight gain in people who are underweight . Eating low carb , and eating when hungry , can be considered a weight-normalizing diet ( or lifestyle ) .
While most people see a low-carb diet as a weight-loss diet , this is not necessarily true . Low carb tends to lead to weight loss for people with excess weight , due to increased satiety and fat burning .
This page will examine how to gain weight the healthy way , while staying on a low-carb diet , and has the following subsections :
The usual advice for weight gain is to eat a higher amount of carbohydrates to “ bulk up ” and adopt an exercise program . Unfortunately it often results in mainly gaining fat mass , and is not necessarily healthy .
Do you want to gain weight ? Given how most nutrition articles focus on fat loss , maybe you feel in a minority there .
Most people who want to gain weight are likely still within the normal range of BMI ( 18.5 – 25 ) . This is not a dangerous or unhealthy weight , and it is considered quite normal . So for people who want to gain weight it 's a good idea to attempt to do it in a healthy way . Keep reading to get to know how to do it .
Being underweight due to an eating disorder like anorexia nervosa is dangerous , as well as the cause of much suffering . We recommend seeking professional help in such a situation .
Being underweight ( having a BMI below 18.5 ) is associated with a somewhat shorter life . It 's generally very hard to determine if this is due to underlying disease , or habits like smoking , or if being underweight in itself is potentially dangerous . One possible reason for the latter could be that people who are underweight have fewer resources in case of severe illness .
Whether being underweight is unhealthy depends on the reason for being underweight . Several medical conditions , especially cancer and gastrointestinal diseases , can lead to weight loss . Also , some medication is associated with loss of weight either directly or through appetite suppression . Finally , smoking is an unhealthy habit that is connected to a lower weight .
Taking drugs is clearly not a healthy way to gain weight . Fortunately there are better ways to do it .
The reason ? To get bigger quickly . Therefore it 's not surprising to see that 11 % of teenagers in US schools reported having used Human Growth Hormone ( HGH ) , and 7 % also admitted to using steroids in the past to bulk up .
Generally speaking , it tends to be women who go to extremes and take unhealthy products to lose weight . On the other hand , men are much more likely to take some quick fix weight-gain product without concern for safety .
Also , new research shows that males who are obsessed with their physique and exhibit “ high concerns over thinness ” have a much greater future risk for binge eating , obesity and drug use .
Unfortunately , this desire for weight gain often causes problems . This is especially the case in young men , with more than 8.5 % of people extremely concerned about their body shape . Out of this group , more than 7.6 % of adolescents and young men were taking “ potentially dangerous ” products every month to gain weight .
All of these are understandable aims where weight gain could possibly benefit someone 's life .
So , what are the reasons people want to gain weight ? That depends on the goal , but here are several :
While the majority just want to add a few extra pounds to a skinny frame , others wish to build muscle and increase in size .
It 's true that most people today are looking to lose weight , but some also want to gain weight .
2 . How to gain weight the healthy way
Now that we have looked into some of the reasons we may want to gain weight , how can we do it in a healthy way ? Diet predominantly determines weight gain , but the food we eat is n't the only factor that plays a part . Additional factors to consider are :
Exercise – especially resistance training and heavy weights . Learn more
Sleep – proper sleep is essential for optimal hormone function , which impacts body composition
Stress – hormones released as a response to stress also negatively affect our bodies
Drugs – nicotine and caffeine often results in weight loss . Quitting smoking is clearly great If you want to gain weight , you might also want to switch to decaf
In this section , we 'll focus on non-exercise strategies to gain in a healthy manner .
What is the fastest way to gain weight ?
First of all , although wanting to gain weight fast is understandable , it subtracts from gaining weight in a healthy sustainable manner . Slow and steady wins the race .
Ultra-high calorie bulking diets are very common and do work very well for quick weight gain in some people . But usually , these people are extremely active bodybuilders/athletes who do n't mind gaining fat in addition to the muscle . With this kind of diet , people tend to load up on hundreds of extra grams of calories/carbohydrates per day and dramatically increase their protein intake . It works , and many people grow like weeds , but it usually comes with a varying amount of fat gain . And for some people this additional fat tissue can be difficult to lose .
There 's an even worse fast way : Eat ice cream and cookies constantly between meals , and wash it down with soda ( in fact never drink anything other than soda ) . While this is highly likely to result in weight gain even for underweight people , you 'll gain mostly fat around your abdomen , making you “ skinny fat ” . That 's not a great look . Furthermore , it will increase your risk of type 2 diabetes and all kinds of health problems .
There 's a difference between gaining weight in the fastest way , and increasing in size in the healthiest way possible . The next few sections explain how we can progressively gain weight on a low-carb diet that is rich in healthy fats . The aim is to emphasize lean mass ; in other words , maximize muscle gain and minimize additional fat .
Optimal nutrition to support lean weight gain
To gain lean weight in a healthy way , you need to emphasize food quality first of all .
Nutrient density refers to how nutritious our foods are and the amount of beneficial proteins , vitamins and minerals present in them . There 's far too much focus on calorie counting and not enough focus on counting nutrients .
As an example , 500 calories from white rice and 500 calories from an avocado and a few eggs are entirely different . Yes , they have the same amount of energy , but the nutrients found in avocado and eggs completely destroy the minuscule amount of nutrients that white rice can offer . While rice provides lots of rapidly digested simple carbohydrates and not much else , an egg contains all the many nutrients needed to build lean body mass .
Eat often
To lose weight , one of the most effective ways is to eat less often – also called intermittent fasting .
Not surprisingly , if you want to gain lean weight and find it hard , you should NOT do intermittent fasting . In fact you should aim to do the opposite . Eat often .
Try to eat at least every three hours , if possible even more often . Snack , but choose healthy options .
Here are some tips for what you could eat between meals .
Do sleep and stress affect weight gain ?
Since our muscles recover and grow during sleep , it 's essential to make sure we spend enough time asleep . In fact , sleep and stress share an intrinsic connection ; if you are sleep-deprived , you are much more likely to be stressed . As a result , we want to avoid both of them .
It 's well-known that lack of sleep and stress raises cortisol levels . Unfortunately , higher cortisol levels have a negative impact on gaining weight in a healthy way . It may help you gain FAT mass , but at the same time reduce muscle mass ( not good ) .
Higher cortisol levels both directly and indirectly influence weight gain ( through overeating and the tendency to crave junk food ) .
Cortisol is catabolic for muscle , the opposite of anabolic – in other words , it breaks down muscle tissue rather than building it . Consequently , to be in optimal condition and promote healthy weight gain , a few relatively simple things we can do include :
All photos courtesy of Bonz Atron
During a trip to Colorado last month , I did what any self respecting Englishman traveling through that beautiful state should do : rented a cabin in the mountains and then got as baked as possible .
One night , while fireside , I got chatting to the guy who worked at the reception desk of the cabin place I was staying at .
The hours floated by , and at some point , they pulled out a weird wooden toy and started tossing it around . It was kinda like one of those cup-and-ball games , but more complex than any I had seen before , with two extra cups and a point on the end .
Holding the stick in one hand , the kid swung and caught the ball on the end of it , before bouncing it between the two other cups and the pointed end of the stick . Though I had no frame of reference , they seemed to be insanely good at it . He 'd bounce the ball on the edges of the cups , juggle with the stick , make a cats-cradle with the string , even take the ball in their hand and balance the stick on top . Each trick was almost too fast to see , yet their body looked as though it was moving in slow motion . It was as though the ball and cup were staying still in mid-air , and they were moving around them .
When I complimented them on their skills , they informed me that they were practicing kendama , a traditional game from Japan .
`` You 're incredible at it , '' I told him . `` I bet they have competitions , you know , have you ever entered one ? ''
`` Yeah ... they do , '' they shrugged , barely looking up , `` I 'm actually the world champion at this . ''
I chuckled and told them I thought that was bollocksed , and after I explained to them what bollocks meant , they challenged me to look them up online if I did n't believe him . I did . It turned out that I was in the presence of none other than Bonz Atron , 2014 kendama world champion . I had discovered a new sport and met literally one of the best people in the world at that sport in the space of a three minute conversation .
Bonz in action at the 2014 Kendama World Cup
It emerged that this friendly 21-year-old was in fact living a glamorous double life : When they are n't the receptionist for a log-cabin complex outside Boulder , Colorado , they were a superstar in Japan , where the sport is huge . `` What 's life like out in Japan for you ? '' I asked . They grinned . `` The girls man . They 're crazy . ''
Bonz never intended on being world champion of anything . Their first encounter with kendama was in August 2012 , when they saw a friend playing at a house party . That first evening Bonz landed a trick called the Lighthouse , which their friend had been trying to get right for about six months . `` Before I 'd even touched it , I knew I would play for the rest of my life , '' they said . `` I just knew it . ''
And play it they did , eight hours a day from then onward . Skipping college classes to practice , mastering every trick they could try . `` I was just so into it , '' they said . `` When I started , I had no idea that kendama was popular anywhere . '' That was a year before they found that a company called Kendama Co was organizing an online competition to find a new player for its team . `` There was no way I thought I was good enough , but I sent my audition video in anyway . '' Despite having only been playing for a year , Bonz 's tape won them a place on Kendama Co 's team .
This is a pattern that was to repeat itself throughout Bonz Atron 's career : He 'd enter something thinking they did n't stand a chance of getting in , and then he 'd go on to win it . Their first tour with Kendama Co saw them take on their kendama hero Keith Matsumura in the Battle in Seattle , the biggest competition event in the world at the time . `` I worshipped this guy on YouTube '' , said Bonz , `` he was the one I had been idolizing as the most OG player on the planet . '' Bonz beat him , won the whole competition , and in 2014 found themselves on a plane to Japan to compete in the first ever Kendama World Cup .
Around the campfire , Bonz showed me the secret to the game . `` It 's all in your knees , '' they explained . `` You want the ball to move upwards in a straight line so you can catch it . '' It turns out I suck at it . It was n't until I actually tried the thing myself that I realized just how good Bonz is . My abysmal performance only served to throw their ludicrous skills into perspective ; skills which would serve them very well in Japan .
There , kendama is something of national obsession . Children play from early ages , and Japanese employers have even been known to favor job applicants who can demonstrate proficiency with the toy , due to the significant perseverance and patience needed to get good .
The Kendama World Cup is a two-day event , with the highest scorers from day one allowed to compete for the cup on day two . Each contestant must perform ten tricks . These tricks are a complex sequence of tossing , catching and stalling the ball , pulling off near impossible balances and exquisite landings . Rhythm is important too . As usual Bonz arrived on the first day of the competition expecting to lose . As usual , they came first .
With their place secured in the finals the following day , Bonz went and partied all night with the players who had failed to qualify . `` I was pretty haggard on the day of the finals , '' they said . `` But because I had the highest score of day one , it meant I went last on day two . '' After a power nap and a whiskey Red Bull , they were ready to go . What happened next remains a bit of a blur . `` I just sort of blacked out as soon as I hopped on the stage , '' they said . `` When I was finished with my run , everyone in the arena was chanting my name , and I seriously could n't even remember what I had just done . ''
They still did n't think they had done enough to win , but they were wrong . `` When they called that I had won first place , man , my stomach just dropped . '' Then it was on to the press tour . `` Suddenly there were camera crews following us around constantly . We traveled across Japan going on all the news stations—it was crazy . '' The kid from the log cabin reception in Boulder is almost a celebrity in Japan . When I asked them about it , they took a long look into the fire . `` My trip to Japan was the most unbelievable experience of my life , '' they said .
After about an hour of trying , as the fire was dying down , I finally managed to catch the ball in the cup . `` When you can catch the ball on the spike , that 's when you know you 're getting somewhere , '' Bonz told me , not all that reassuringly .
After becoming the world champ in 2014 , Bonz returned last year to win the inaugural freestyle competition , with fellow American Wyatt Bray taking the main title .
`` I never expected any of this to happen , '' Bonz told me . And I believe him . So naturally talented that , rather than work their way up through the ranks for years , they just kept beating people . At this year 's World Cup , they did n't get the top spot , finishing in tenth place . `` I have made so many friends for life across the world , and everyone 's talent is just amazing , '' they said .
Everyone 's it would seem , but mine . That said , I did buy a kendama and , the other day , managed to land the sodding ball on the end of the goddamned stick . And it felt pretty good–maybe I 'm not so bad after all . But then again I did , quite literally , learn from the best .
Follow Tom Harrad on Twitter .
We are hearing that SB 313 in Georgia , AT & T 's bill to overrule local authority , will be turned into a study bill . Despite the strong support of the Senate Majority Leader , the bill lost support after we and others exposed the frank admission of AT & T 's CEO that they had no plans to expand broadband in rural areas .
Given the strength of AT & T 's lobbying and the support of the Senate Majority Leader , this is a tremendous victory . Congratulations to the communities in Georgia that successfully organized and defended their authority to decide locally if a network is a wise choice for them .
We do not consider these issues resolved until the ink is dried , but it does look like AT & T lost this round -- which means thousands of local businesses and millions of people won . They can still hope for next-generation networks and a real choice in providers .
Note : the South Carolina bill remains in play and will be discussed on Wednesday by a Senate Judiciary Subcommittee .
We have been collecting some of the news coverage of this broadband debate in Georgia , but have neglected posting until now . Here is a run-down of some of the coverage .
In the beginning of February , the AP covered an SB 313 hearing featuring testimony from rural communities :
Leaders from cities including Elberton , Hogansville , Thomasville , Monroe and Toccoa lined up to tell senators that broadband is necessary infrastructure for the 21st century economic development they hope to attract — and that they are doing what they must keep their communities competitive . `` We can not wait for the private sector to ride to our rescue , '' said Tim Martin , executive director of the Toccoa-Stephens County Development Authority . Thomasville Mayor Max Beverly said the city 's broadband network supports major employers there . `` If we have to cut them off , there 's no telling what that 's going to do to our local economy , '' they warned .
The Augusta Chronicle devoted a lot of words to both sides and made the important disclosure that telecom companies had just staffed up on lobbyists :
The telecom companies have beefed up their lobbying forces this legislative session . Many lawmakers have received campaign contributions from them , including Rogers , who rejects any suggestion that they might have motivated him .
Stop the Cap ! has continued its in-depth coverage of these important issues . In January , Phillip revealed the sudden increase in telco/cableco contributions to the bill 's pusher , most notably from AT & T . They also set the record straight on many of the supposed failures of muni networks in Georgia . For example :
As Multichannel News reported in 2002 , “ the Atlanta suburb of Acworth , Ga. , is n't selling because business is bad . Rather , officials said they 've received so many requests for service from outside the city limits that they 've decided to sell the operation to an independent company that may expand beyond Acworth 's borders. ” That is where the trouble started . The city contracted with United Telesystems Inc. of Savannah , Ga. , a private company , first to lease and then eventually buy the cable system , maintaining and expanding it along the way . But in 2003 , United Telesystems defaulted on its lease-sale agreement , forcing the city to foreclose on the system and ultimately sell it to a second company . Acworth 's “ failure ” was n't actually the city 's , it was the private company that defaulted on its contract .
On February 1 , Phillip discussed the Columbia County Broadband Network :
If Rogers ' bill passes , the county may have to go back to begging for access from the companies that have repeatedly said it was n't worth the investment or their time . County officials have been more generous , offering all along to share access to the fiber network with the very providers who are seeking to destroy it . So far , that has n't changed any minds . “ If we do n't own it , that means we do n't want you to have it ” is standard operating procedure for the state 's phone and cable operators , even in the service areas they routinely ignore , even if it means flushing millions of dollars already spent on new networks down the drain .
On February 7 , Stop the Cap ! covered more of the testimony from towns against the bill :
“ We started our cable system not on a whim but on a demand from our citizens to provide a higher level of service for cable TV and Internet , ” said Newnan Mayor Keith Brady . “ We got into the cable business originally to provide fiber optics and broadband because Charter Communications would simply not invest in our community. ” ... Brady says their community-owned system not only provides broadband where Charter would not , the cable company also was forced to reduce their rates for consumers in nearby communities , saving taxpayers across the entire city and county millions . In Elberton , the lack of broadband was so pervasive the 4,700 local residents demanded the city provide the service themselves . Commercial providers had stonewalled the county seat of Elbert County for years until the city broke ground on a broadband project in 2001 . ... Don Cope , president and CEO of Dalton Utilities , demonstrated that municipal broadband systems are not the financial risk large telecommunications companies always claim they represent . In fact , Dalton 's system has never received a penny of tax revenue and its accounting is open to public scrutiny to prove it . Cope noted SB 313 imposes restrictions on community providers , but completely exempts those owned by the companies pushing the bill . “ I would ask that you look at the private providers in the state , ” Cope said . “ Look at their reports , and you would see how many dollars that are provided to them from the federal government . We are talking about in the billions of dollars . All the [ private telecommunications entities ] that I know about have some form of government support . ”
CivSource also offered an opinion about the bill :
If you would like to see more articles like this please support our coverage of the space program by becoming a Spaceflight Now Member . If everyone who enjoys our website helps fund it , we can expand and improve our coverage further .
Rocket Lab , a company eyeing a market to launch small satellites , said Monday that bad weather at its privately-operated launch base on New Zealand 's North Island kept a commercial Electron booster from lifting off on its maiden test flight for the second day in a row .
The liftoff is now scheduled for no earlier than Tuesday evening , U.S. time , or Wednesday afternoon in New Zealand . Rocket Lab says the launch window opens at 0100 GMT Wednesday ( 9 p.m. EDT Tuesday ) and extends four hours .
The launch window is from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday in New Zealand .
Rocket Lab could launch the Electron rocket during the same time period through June 2 .
High winds kept ground crews from rollout the Electron rocket to the launch pad in time for a launch attempt Sunday , but the conditions improved enough to transfer to the booster to the launch stand for another try Monday , according to Rocket Lab .
But officials opted to scrub Monday 's attempt due to high clouds over the launch facility , which could have triggered the build-up of static electricity on the rocket as it climbed through the atmosphere .
“ We 've been able to roll the rocket out to the launch pad , but now we 're waiting for the high altitude cloud to clear , ” said Peter Beck , Rocket Lab 's CEO . “ Safety is Rocket Lab 's number one priority and we are following guidelines set by the FAA and NASA around weather and launch safety . ”
When it takes off , the 55-foot-tall ( 17-meter ) Electron rocket will head south from Rocket Lab 's launch facility , dubbed Launch Complex 1 , at Onenui Station on Mahia Peninsula , a spit of land on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
Rocket Lab officials said they are looking for optimal weather conditions for the launch , which aims to put an inert payload into polar orbit between 186 miles ( 300 kilometers ) and 310 miles ( 500 kilometers ) above Earth .
“ Current weather conditions put us at risk of what 's called triboelectrification , ” Beck said in a statement released Monday . “ This is the build-up of static charge through friction .
“ Ice and other particles in high cloud strike the rocket transferring electrons ( the atomic kind ) and build up charge on the surface of the vehicle , ” Beck said . “ This can lead to large voltage potential and encourage electric discharges or lightning which may affect the avionics on-board . ”
Established in 2006 , Rocket Lab test-launched more than 80 suborbital sounding rockets before focusing on the privately-developed Electron launcher , a vehicle sized to loft small satellites and clusters of CubeSats into low Earth orbit .
Headquartered in Huntington Beach , California , Rocket Lab 's main engineering , design and mission control center is in Auckland , New Zealand . Rocket Lab started construction of Launch Complex 1 in late 2015 , before moving the first liquid-fueled Electron rocket to the facility earlier this year .
Electron launches are licensed by the Federal Aviation Administration because Rocket Lab is technically a U.S. company , with intentions to base future rocket production and launch operations in the United States .
Rocket Lab is backed by venture capital funds and a strategic investment from Lockheed Martin . The New Zealand Herald reported that country 's government also injected Rocket Lab with $ 25 million in funding .
The company says it has raised $ 148 million to date , and the latest round of venture capital financing valued Rocket Lab at more than $ 1 billion .
Rocket Lab says future Electron missions could take off from NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida and the Pacific Spaceport Complex at Kodiak Island , Alaska .
The company plans three test Electron test launches in the coming months before beginning commercial service .
Two San Francisco-based CubeSat fleet operators , Planet and Spire , have signed up for multiple Electron missions . NASA also has a nearly $ 7 million contract with Rocket Lab to deploy several CubeSats into orbit on a single launch for the space agency and U.S. universities .
Spaceflight , a Seattle-based company which arranges multi-payload rideshare missions , announced last week the purchase of an Electron flight to deploy multiple small spacecraft into orbit for its customers .
Rocket Lab says the two-stage Electron rocket , powered by 10 newly-developed kerosene-fueled Rutherford engines , can place up to 330 pounds ( 150 kilograms ) of payload to a circular sun-synchronous polar orbit 310 miles above Earth .
An Electron launch will sell for around $ 4.9 million in the commercial market , a fraction of the price of a dedicated flight aboard an existing launcher , according to Rocket Lab .
Email the author .
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter : @ StephenClark1 .
`` SideCar looks so easy that it 'll probably take you longer to choose your screen-sharing app than to buy and set this up . ''
`` Why have n't I seen this before ? ''
`` Tablets are making their way into our daily lives more and more , and [ SideCar ] is created with the goal of putting them front and center – or actually , just a little over to one side . ''
`` What 's better than having a Macbook and an iPad ? Using them side-by-side at the same time . ''
`` This simple little piece of silicon can instantly give your mobile workstation a significant boost . ''
Dual Screen on the Go
It 's better together !
Have a tablet and a laptop ? Need to be more productive on the go ? Then hop on the SideCar and start using your devices together . SideCar™ elegantly and safely links your tablet to your laptop . Use your tablet as an external monitor for that small laptop screen ( via third party apps ) or simply navigate through your tablet right next to your laptop screen .
Simple and Elegant Patent-Pending Design
Safe and easy to use
Simply slide your tablet and laptop into SideCar . That 's it . No messy adhesives or glue , just the magic of SideCar . Durable and environmentally friendly silicone securely holds your precious devices together and protects them from scratches .
Compatible with Apple Products
MacBooks and iPads , meet SideCar
We envision SideCar as the bridge between ALL laptops and tablets , but we 're starting out small and testing the market exclusively with Apple products in order to fulfill the pledges of our backers as soon as possible .
SideCar is available in green and black and in two models for different computer sizes : Vintage and Deluxe . Both models support all iPads and iPads mini , including the new iPad Air , except the original iPad . Please read below to ensure that you 'll be able to use your SideCar reward with your devices . We 'll contact you asking for your device info when we 're ready to ship .
Vintage : Fits second generation MacBook Pro ( 2009+ ) and third generation non-retina display Macbook Pro .
Deluxe : Fits third generation retina display MacBook Pro and MacBook Air .
Note MacBook Air Users : We recommend you use SideCar only with the iPad mini to avoid overstressing your laptop hinge .
A DJ 's Ultimate Gadget
MacBook Pro with dual SideCars holding iPad mini and iPhone 5
You wanted it , you got it
iPhone was feeling left out of the SideCar party so we decided to bring it on board ( pun intended ) . Both SideCar models are compatible with the lightweight iPhone 5 , 5s and 5c .
The ExoSleeve
Never misplace your iPhone charger again !
As a bonus we 're offering premium SideCar backers the chance to own the ExoSleeve before it hits retail . Do n't leave your charger naked in public . This fun accessory fits around standard iPhone chargers , personalizing your essential power supply companion so that you always know which charger is yours .
Available in flourecent colors : green , orange , pink , blue and red
Proudly Made in Pennsylvania , USA
A local rubber and plastics manufacturer produces SideCars and Venos manufactures the ExoSleeves in-house . Keeping manufacturing local has the benefits of short lead times and ensures quality control , but most importantly , it boosts the local economy .
Timeline of SideCar 's Journey
Featured by Matthew Lesko
Special Thanks to
Baker Institute , Lehigh University Technical Entrepreneurship , SobeCoWorks , Smooth-On , Polytek , Avatron Software and everyone that 's hopped on the SideCar since day one .
We know that you will agree that one of the hallmarks of free and open democracies is a vivid public debate addressing all fundamental aspects of society , including the balance and possible conflict between the legitimate security concerns of governments and the protection of privacy and the free press . We all understand both the imperative to uphold domestic security and the equally important imperative to protect our open public debate about the limits to and legal implications of these efforts . The debate is not a sign of weakness of our democracies . It is the basis of our strength .
Against this backdrop , events in Great Britain over the past week give rise to deep concern . We may differ on where to draw the line and strike the right balance , but we should not differ in our determination to protect an open debate about these essential questions . Also , we should stand united to protect individuals engaging in such debates within the parameters of democracy and the rule of law .
The free press plays a crucial role in this regard , also in situations where information revealed by the press is most inconvenient to governments and the intelligence community . We are surprised by the recent acts by officials of your government against our colleagues at the Guardian and deeply concerned that a stout defender of democracy and free debate such as the United Kingdom uses antiterror legislation in order to legalise what amounts to harassment of both the paper and individuals associated with it . Moreover , it is deeply disturbing that the police have now announced a criminal investigation . We hope this is not to be seen as a step against journalists doing journalism .
The implication of these acts may have ramifications far beyond the borders of the UK , undermining the position of the free press throughout the world .
Mr Prime Minister , we hope that you will soon act to rectify this and reinstall your government among the leading defenders of the free press and an open debate in accordance with the proud tradition of your country .
Bo Lidegaard
Executive editor-in-chief
Politiken , Denmark
Peter Wolodarski
Executive editor-in-chief
Dagens Nyheter , Sweden
Hilde Haugsgjerd
Executive editor-in-chief
Aftenposten , Norway
Riikka Venäläinen
Editor-in-chief
Helsingin Sanomat , Finland
The forgotten cost of coal
Why am I not surprised at the reaction of West Sussex nimbys over the prospect of fracking ? We face a future of expensive power . Surely we should utilise all the forms of fuel ? West Sussex has lived for more than a century on power produced by the coal mining in areas such as south Wales , a process that has caused massive environmental damage . I do n't remember them protesting against that . The ex-mining areas of south Wales and the untouched sylvan areas of mid Wales are threatened with wind farms to provide electricity that will go to power the towns and cities of England , including West Sussex . I do n't remember them protesting against that .
John Owen
Caerphilly
Widening access to Oxford
Carole Cadwalladr selectively quotes numbers in order to lament `` the problem of Oxbridge '' ( `` I went to Oxford . So why am I so angry about it ? `` , Comment ) . They note that `` just over 7 % of children are privately educated , yet 40 % of those at Oxford and Cambridge have been '' , but fails to note that 15 % of all those taking A-levels , and 33 % of those with AAA or higher at A-level , are in the independent sector .
Attainment in schools is the greatest limiting factor to Oxford 's ability to recruit widely , but we are working extremely hard on access . Every year , we hold more than 2,400 outreach events . We also offer the most generous financial support for the poorest students of any university in the country ; 10 % of students accepted come from a family with a household income of less than £16,000 a year , and last year one-third of all places went to applicants who are a target of our access activities . We are determined to make an Oxford education open to the most able students , whatever their background .
Mike Nicholson
Director of undergraduate admissions
University of Oxford
Smart meters and security
I take concerns related to the security of smart meters very seriously , and in referring to John Naughton 's article ( Discover ) sadly these concerns are misinformed . I would like to be very clear : security is a key priority for me and my department . We are working closely with leading security experts to ensure the smart metering system is safe and that robust security controls are in place .
Baroness Verma
Energy and climate change minister
London SW1
Help is at hand
I am surprised that Peter Beaumont bothered to decant their pee into a watering can ( `` My war of attrition with the urban fox '' , News ) . My husband uses the handy spout nature gave him .
Lucy Abercrombie
Teddington , Middlesex
Microsoft has nixed the ability for its Edge browser to run unsigned dynamic link libraries ( DLLs ) in a move that will make life hard for dodgy extensions and ad injector merchants .
Edge senior program manager Crispin Cowan says the update was dropped last week in the latest Windows 10 update and follows Redmond 's plan to harden its web browsing asset .
Last May Microsoft killed ActiveX and Browser Helper Objects making Edge faster and more stable , Cowan says .
`` Web browsers are an attractive target , because in-browser advertisements can be a significant source of revenue , '' Cowan says .
`` Developers who are determined to tamper with the user 's settings may resort to injecting DLLs into the Edge process , bypassing the built-in interfaces for settings controls .
`` This is a common reason why some users end up with toolbars installed or third party content injected on pages without their intent or consent . ''
Cowan says advertising injectors will pull down extra malicious content leading to thorough hosing of browsers and at best an increase in attack surface .
Microsoft is n't the only browser baron that hates ad injectors . In April Google killed nearly 200 extensions and prevented users installing those outside its sanctioned store .
The update makes the browser the only one with that type of security protection .
Edge also remains the only browser which inexplicably lacks the bog-standard feature to open all folder bookmarks in tabs , a deal-breaker for this reporter . ®
Call of Duty casts Petraeus as future defense secretary
Like many of us , the makers of Call of Duty : Black Ops II , which goes on sale this week , apparently did n't see the David Petraeus sex scandal coming . As Kotaku ‘ s Stephen Totilo reports , Activision 's much-anticipated video game casts the former general and CIA chief as the U.S. secretary of defense in 2025 , serving a female president who , according to Totilo , `` looks a whole lot like Hillary Clinton '' ( I do n't see the resemblance as much , and Petraeus refers to `` President Bosworth '' at one point ) :
At least Petraeus was n't spending their off-hours at the CIA working on the game , though maybe that would have helped them avoid their current jam . A rep for Call of Duty : Black Ops II publisher says Petraeus was `` not involved in making the game . '' Actor and political impressionist Jim Meskimen is credited with voicing the game 's Secretary of Defense . Minor Black Ops II spoilers follow . Petraeus does n't do much in the game , and there 's no sign of Paula Broadwell , the woman with whom Petraeus had their affair . When we first see Petraeus , he 's receiving a terrorist prisoner on board the [ USS Barack ] Obama . Another mission in the game starts with Petraeus and the Clinton-esque President Bosworth on board a futuristic version of Marine One before it is shot down over L.A . The crash should kill everyone , but this is Call of Duty . The important people tend to survive . We do n't see Petraeus again , but an audio message indicates that they survived .
You can check out the scenes Totilo describes here . Call of Duty , of course , was n't alone in predicting a bright political future for the general . After the election , a number of assessments of who would compose President Obama 's second-term national security team — including one at FP — floated Petraeus 's name .
And hey , a decade from now the folks at Activision could have the last laugh . If the long history of political scandals has taught us anything , it 's that we may not have seen the last of David Petraeus .
The Food and Drug Administration has barred
The Daily Beast spoke to members of Congress on World Blood Donor Day on Tuesday about the blood ban , which the FDA revised in December 2015 to allow gay and bisexual men who go one whole year without sex to donate blood . The Daily Beast said the question elicited `` puzzled looks and refrains of 'please-call-my-office . ' ''
`` I do n't know about those topics off [ the top of ] my head , '' Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker told the Daily Beast . They then referred the magazine to their spokesperson .
Drew Angerer/Getty Images Senator Bob Corker
Republican Sen. Ron Johnson from Wisconsin told the Daily Beast that it was `` an issue I 've never even really considered . ''
Some lawmakers did take issue with the ban , especially in the wake of the tragic shooting at Pulse nightclub
Thousands lined up to donate blood after the massacre . However , men who have sex with men were still banned from helping to save the lives of their own community .
`` There were so many gay victims involved with the attack , and so many of their loved ones were moved to step up and help their fellow Americans — but were unable to , '' Colorado Rep. Jared Polis said to the Daily Beast . `` All of the pretenses of this policy are gone — it was never based on science in the first place . ''
Jacquelyn Martin/AP Rep. Jared Polis
Unfortunately , according to the Daily Beast , Congress has not introduced a single bill to force the FDA to change the blood ban .
White House staff told reporters on Tuesday there are no plans for the administration to step in and change the ban , leaving many who want to help those in and outside the LGBT communities without the opportunity to do so .
It is a bad time to be making a giant horse . But are there ever any good times ? Artist Mark Wallinger and their funders face a struggle to pay for the colossal statue of a white horse that they have been commissioned to create as a public artwork at Ebbsfleet . The idea was hugely popular when they won a competition for the job , and yet in these times ... well , it 's a slog to get the cash . But as I say – has there ever been an opportune moment to make a giant horse ?
`` I know what the times are like ... '' wrote Leonardo da Vinci to their employer Ludovico Sforza , ruler of Milan , in the 1490s . They were wanly conceding that money for the Horse might not be forthcoming . The Horse – Da Vinci 's horse – was a towering equestrian monument that they planned to cast in bronze as a memorial to Ludovico 's father , Francesco Sforza . It was one of the projects they proposed to take on when they first asked Ludovico for work in the early 1480s . It became perhaps the most famous of all their activities in Milan , alongside their other epic work in the city , The Last Supper . But when they finally abandoned the defeated Sforza and fled Milan at the end of the 15th century they left behind only a grandiose clay model of the horse . It is said that French archers used it for target practice .
This unfinished masterpiece has haunted the centuries and will surely haunt the banquet of an exhibition about Leonardo da Vinci in Milan coming to London 's National Gallery this autumn . When they left Milan the artist and engineer took with them many drawings for the Horse . Those that survive , in collections from Windsor to Madrid , range from studies of equine proportion to designs for complex casting machinery . Leonardo 's project was scientific as well as aesthetic , a conscious attempt to work at the limit of existing technology and to rethink age-old traditions of casting .
Their drawings of this never-completed creature are eerily beautiful , and plant the image of it firmly in the imagination . So why was it never built ? They had some bad luck . In 1494 the political machinations of Ludovico Sforza played a part in causing a French invasion of Italy that turned priorities upside down . A stash of bronze set aside for Da Vinci 's sculpture was needed instead to cast cannon . The expense of war then made Sforza unlikely to fund the gargantuan work . Yet even before that , Da Vinci 's employer seemed to doubt if they were serious and sought out other potential horse-casters .
The unmade Horse is the work , more than any other , that epitomises Leonardo 's reputation as an artist who never finished anything . When they returned to their home city , Florence , the young Michelangelo was waiting to insult them as the fraud who had promised to cast a great bronze horse but gave up in shame .
And yet – more than 500 years after they designed it – Da Vinci 's bronze horse still tantalises the human imagination . A work of art that exists only as an idea , documented in their scintillating , dreamlike drawings , it is arguably the first conceptual artwork . Or the first surrealist dream object . Whatever it is , the horse that never was will always be remembered with more clarity and emotion than most existing works of art . It is the image of Leonardo da Vinci , the quintessence of their unique quality .
Today is the anniversary of the first appearance of J'onn J'onzz , also known as the Martian Manhunter , the green skinned telepathic shapeshifter who has historically been all but inseparable from DC 's Justice League comics .
J'onn made their debut in Detective Comics # 225 , in a backup strip written by Joe Samachson and Jack Miller , and drawn by Joe Certa . In this story , Dr Erdel uses a robot-brain and teleportation to capture something from space -- - as one does -- - and what they capture is J'onn J'onzz . The man who brings J'onn to Earth dies not long afterwards of natural causes , and J'onn decides that they are going to use their amazing powers to help humanity -- - as long as they do n't run afoul of their one weakness , fire .
In the early Martian Manhunter stories , there are both similarities to Superman and some significant differences . Super-strength and flying are one thing -- - they 're synonymous with super-heroics -- - but when J'onn J'onzz uses x-ray vision , super-hearing and super-breath to save lives , one has to wonder if the creators of the Martian Manhunter would n't be due a visit from National Comics ' legal team , were they not working for the same publisher .
But it 's the differences that make J'onn a compelling character . In addition to the suite of powers Superman had in the 1950s , J'onn employs shapeshifting , intangibility and psychic abilities to foil crimes -- - and in their early adventures , they do it on the sly , rarely if ever turning into the familiar green Martian we all know and love . Also in contrast to Superman , they are brought to Earth as an adult , and has a comparatively limited supporting cast .
Instead of being weakened by a rock from space , he 's weakened by fire , which is both more common and more synonymous with the human experience , since it 's one of our first discoveries . All of these factors combine to make them seem more isolated than the more gregarious and human-passing Man of Tomorrow was portrayed as at the time , and showcase how flexible the general Superman template can be with a few well-chosen changes .
As the superhero returned to prominence , J'onn started to have more adventures in their iconic green form , becoming a founding member of the Justice League -- - which is where most of their fans know them from . They remained through nearly every comics iteration , a constant and reassuring figure . Despite this , their popularity in the public eye is lacking thanks to their absence from the Superfriends cartoon -- - though their turns on animated fare such as Justice League Unlimited , The Batman , and Batman : The Brave & the Bold have helped their star rise .
J'onn has had the occasional solo series -- - the John Ostrander and Tom Mandrake series is a standout -- - but their popularity has historically been greatest as a member of the League .
Most solo superhero comics have the hero as the body that the supporting cast orbits around -- - Superman and Lois Lane , Batman and Alfred , Aquaman 's Aqua-fam , and so forth . J'onn , having identities scattered all over the world , and having canonically lived so long in isolation , does n't have a consistent supporting cast -- - and they do n't need one , because the superhero community is their supporting cast , as much as they are theirs .
Martian Manhunter and Superman showcase the different approaches to being an alien on Earth , and they and Batman demonstrate different approaches to detective work . Being around other superheroes makes both they and they stronger characters , and that 's the hallmark of a true team player .
“ Pleasure can be supported by an illusion ; but happiness rests upon truth . ”
– Sébastien-Roch Nicolas De Chamfort
How you live is determined by your beliefs . People who change the world tend to believe in powerful truths that propel them to greatness . Here are seven such beliefs…
7 . Writing your goals down gives you the best chance to reach them
The only other alternative to writing down goals is to keep track of them in your head . But have you ever tried writing everything , and I mean everything , down ? When I did , I wrote down 127 things .
I could n't believe I had been trying to manage that much information in my head .
Studies show that the pre-frontal cortex , your brain 's manager , can hold about 2-3 things at once . In simple terms , there is n't a single person who can manage their life in their head as well as outside their head , written down . And management is only part of the reason to write goals down .
It turns out that the act of writing something ( not typing , handwriting ) has a meaningful cognitive impact too . This study found that writing thoughts down on paper increases their prominence in your mind . Holding on to the paper retains that increased mental prominence while throwing the paper away seems to “ discard ” the thought along with it .
Writing your goals down is required !
“ Write it down . Written goals have a way of transforming wishes into wants ; cant 's into cans ; dreams into plans ; and plans into reality . Do n't just think it — ink it ! ”
– Unknown
6 . Dancing makes you smarter
Aside from guaranteeing a smile and a good time , dancing actually makes you smarter !
Dancing shows a healthy perspective of life too . People who dance are not afraid to have fun . Life is too short to get embarrassed . 🙂
“ Each day I count wasted in which there has been no dancing. ” – Friedrich Nietzsche
5 . Saying affirmations to yourself in the mirror can change your mind
Perhaps it is lame to talk to yourself in the mirror . I know it would n't look “ cool ” if someone else saw you do it . But it is n't a waste of time when you consider the power of repetition .
The brain has a network of neural pathways that determine your habitual thoughts and behavior . When thoughts or behaviors are repeated , a neural pathway somewhere in your brain is slightly strengthened . Over time , this is how a habit forms .
Many people reading this have habitually negative thoughts about themselves . That 's not healthy and they deserve better .
If your negative belief relates to self-esteem , and you say , “ I am valuable ” to yourself in the mirror every morning and mean it , you 'll believe it more and more over time . Whoever you want to be , daily affirmations can bring you closer to that identity . It does n't work through pseudo-science or voo doo , it works through repetition .
Repetition has a powerful impact on the brain . You ca n't mindlessly repeat a phrase though – you have to mean it and concentrate on it as you 're saying it .
Affirmations are n't required for greatness , but if low confidence , negative thoughts , or limiting beliefs are holding you back , affirmations can help you get closer to where you need to be .
“ It 's the repetition of affirmations that leads to belief . And once that belief becomes a deep conviction , things begin to happen . ”
– Muhammad Ali
4 . The world owes you nothing
The world does n't owe you a good job . It does n't owe you a pleasant life . It does n't owe you anything . You owe those things to yourself if you want them .
Society cares about what you can do for it . If you count on goodwill to get you places , you 're going to be disappointed .
The real world is fiercely competitive and it takes significant effort to make an impact . Some win and some lose . It 's a harsh truth of reality , but believing anything else is a lie that will hold you back . Knowing this can help you do what it takes to get what you want out of life .
“ Do n't go around saying the world owes you a living . The world owes you nothing . It was here first . ”
– Mark Twain
3 . You deserve greatness more than you deserve a break
Of people who have achieved greatness – whether in money , fame , or making a difference – there is a similarity . They work hard . Some of them work too hard for their own good .
This difference in mindset could be that successful people believe they deserve success more than they deserve a break .
I 'm not saying that you do n't deserve a break – we all do – but I am saying that this thought could be what 's keeping you from greatness . A study by Ayelet Fishbach and Ravi Dhar suggests this idea of deserving a reward can really thwart our progress .
The study went like this : First , a group of dieters was split into two groups . Then , researchers reminded only one of the groups of their positive progress in dieting . Next , both groups were offered a reward choice – an apple or a chocolate bar . Of the group who was reminded of their progress , 85 % chose the chocolate bar compared to 58 % of the other group .
This shows the potential negative effects of the “ I deserve a reward ” mentality . A higher percentage of people who were praised chose the less healthy chocolate bar . It also shows people love chocolate , but we knew that already .
Some Americans take too many breaks . According to Neilsen , Americans watch an average of more than 5 hours of television every day , which is 1,825 hours per year !
Imagine if you focused on a hobby instead of watching five hours of television . According to the 10,000 hour rule , you could master the hobby in just six years ; not be decent at something , but master something ! You could become an great pianist or guitarist , dancer , or public speaker ! ( note : I do n't believe the 10,000 hour mark is a magical number , but it seems to be a good estimate of time to mastery . )
The mistake we often make is seeing the present day as unique , when it 's not . Oh , today is different because [ excuse ] . Actually , barring something dramatic happening , almost all of your days are going to be similar to today .
Today is the best indication of how the rest of your life will be . And keep in mind that most of us have less than 28,000 days to live , according to the average life span . That is n't very many days .
If you 're burnt out , take a break , but do n't convince yourself that today is anything but the best chance you 've got to head in the direction of your dreams . It does n't matter if “ seize the day ” is cliche . Today is a projection of the rest of your life .
“ You can not change your destination overnight , but you can change your direction overnight. ” —Jim Rohn
2 . You do n't need everyone to like you
If you 're going to be a person who impacts the world , not everyone is going to like you . At the base level , you 'll have people jealous of your success . Beyond that , some people have opposing values , and you will be unfairly labeled and judged at times .
The worst way to live life is to try to please everyone around you . If everyone likes you , it means that you 're playing it very , very safe .
I write articles to help people live better lives , and I 'll occasionally get insulted , questioned , and discouraged . It 's not a problem though , because I do n't write for them , I write from my passion to make a difference and for the people who appreciate what I do .
Other people are one of the most important aspects of an individual 's life – we 're social beings and need each other . At a basic level , however , you only need love from family and/or friends to have a fulfilling life . Beyond that , any people who like you are a bonus !
And the best news is that 99 % of people wo n't hate you for any reason . They 're more likely to like you for no reason ! You can be yourself without worrying about what others think .
Almost all people will respect you tremendously for having the courage to be yourself in all circumstances . Let go of the need to impress everyone , and your life will surely improve .
“ You ca n't please everyone , nor should you seek to , because then you wo n't please anyone , least of all yourself . ”
– Dylan Moran
1 . Nothing is more important than your habits right now
Your habits are the single most important part of your life . A Duke study found habits to comprise 45 % of our behavior ; amplifying that , habits are behaviors we repeat every day . If you 're not currently pursuing a good habit , you need to get on it !
The difference between a good or bad habit can be a great life or a horrible life . Invest time and energy in modifying your habits , and they will pay for themselves for years to come . This year , I made exercise a habit , and it 's been great for my health . I went from being able to do six or seven pull-ups in a row to my current record of 16 !
I also read and write every day . If you 're interested to know the strategies I use to develop new healthy habits with ease , despite having weak willpower and inconsistent motivation , get my Tuesday messages . These are like extra blog posts exclusive to Deep Existence subscribers . You 'll get 40 wallpapers and 2 more gifts just for signing up .
I 'm also writing a book called Mini Habits – it shows you how smaller habits can bring bigger results . The book releases later this month . To be notified and get everything mentioned , you can sign up here and I 'll talk to you this Tuesday !
Cheers ,
Stephen Guise
protests against India +
Hafiz Saeed +
NEW DELHI : As tension simmers between India and Pakistan over recent developments in Kashmir , India has asked its diplomats and other officials to withdraw their kids from local schools in Islamabad.Indian officials can either send their kids back to India or return themselves , official sources said . `` What it means is that no Indian official based in Pakistan can have their or their children living with them . Those who seek a posting in Pakistan will have to keep that in mind too , '' an official here told TOI . Spouses , however , can remain in Pakistan for now.There are about 50 children of Indian officials currently studying in Islamabad 's American School . Indian officials did not rule out the possibility of a `` tit-for-tat '' response by Islamabad in the form of recall of children of Pakistan diplomats from India . `` It is a normal practice for all countries to review staffing and related policies for their diplomatic missions , including in view of prevailing circumstances at those stations . With effect from this academic session , officials posted in the High Commission of India in Islamabad have been advised to make arrangements for education of their wards outside Pakistan , till further notice , '' said MEA spokesperson Vikas Swarup . Officials , however , added that the decision had been taken in 2015 so that diplomatic staff had sufficient time to make alternative arrangements.After thein Pakistan over alleged Indian atrocities in Kashmir , the Indian government had appealed to Pakistan to strengthen security for Indian officials stationed there . `` In view of the threats of marches and protests at the high commission of India in Islamabad , we ask the government of Pakistan to ensure full safety and security of the high commission , all its officials and their families in Pakistan , '' the government had said in a statement after Pakistan observed a `` black day '' and Kashmir 's Accession to Pakistan Day.Sources here said the government did n't want to take any chance with more protests likely against India in Pakistan in the next few days . Some of these protests , which have openly called for jihad against India , have been led by UN-designated terrorists.At one such event on Sunday , the Mumbai attack accused and JuD chiefannounced that they will seek Indian visas for a JuD team , which planned to visit Kashmir . Pakistan continues to maintain that JuD is mostly involved in charity work and adept at providing relief to victims of natural disasters.Indian officials brushed aside reports about JuD seeking Indian visas as yet another provocative comment from Saeed . In any case , they have not yet approached Indian authorities for visas.One reason why India had to recall school kids from Pakistan , said sources here , was that the strife over Kashmir did not look like abating anytime soon . According to India , Pakistan , instead of toning down the rhetoric , has further aroused passion with its PM Nawaz Sharif declaring last week that one day Kashmir would become Pakistan .
Fan Question : “ Grounded Vindaloop ” is definitely one of my favorite new episodes you guys have done . How long did it take to shoot that live-action scene with the boys ?
Answer : Great question ! That live-action scene of the boys was actually done — start to finish — all within our crazy 6-day production schedule .
In fact , the writers did n't come up with the live action idea until Saturday afternoon . Which meant we only had 60 hours to build the set , find costumes , audition actors , hire a film crew , and shoot/edit this scene .
Once hired , the crew constructed the sets in one of our conference rooms at South Park Studios . We filmed on Tuesday , the day before the show premiered , and finished shooting the scene around 6pm… Just 28 hours before air .
The graphics suck , but here are a few behind-the-scenes pics from the set of “ Cartman 's Room ” …
Here 's Trey on set :
Trey did not want the live action to look cartoony , so all the bright colors of Cartman 's bedroom were muted and toned down .
> > See the finished version of this scene here .
> > Get lost in virtual reality & watch the full episode “ Grounded Vindaloop “ .
In a press release sent Sunday , April 13 , the Westboro Baptist Church announced it would picket Colorado State University 's graduation ceremonies on May 17 .
Protesters will gather from 4:15 p.m. to 5 p.m. on the corner of W. Plum Street and Meridian Avenue . The Westboro Baptist Church became well-known after protesting military funerals .
The release stated that “ God h8s Ram fan brats , ” and wrote that students at graduation will “ puff out their chests as though they 've accomplished something , then go off and get stupid-drunk and rape and fornicate . ”
According to Mike Hooker , director of public relations at CSU , the University recognizes the planned protest and said the protesters are within their rights to demonstrate on the public sidewalk .
Advertisement
“ We respect their right to free speech , ” Hooker said .
According to previous press releases , Westboro Baptist Church also protested at CSU and the Chabad Jewish Center in Fort Collins in 2010 .
A student-run Facebook group plans on counter-protesting the church . More than 850 people have already planned on attending the event , according to the Facebook page .
BACK in 1993 , a boy playing football near Nanjing , China , suddenly fell through the ground . They had inadvertently found a new cave , later named Hulu , which has turned out to be a scientific treasure chest . Besides two Homo erectus skeletons , it contains stalagmites that have helped solve one of the greatest mysteries in climate science : why the ice ages came and went when they did .
For more than 2 million years , Earth 's climate has been oscillating wildly . Immense ice sheets slowly advance across northern lands , then suddenly melt away to leave the planet basking in a relatively brief period of warmth before the ice creeps back again . Climate scientists have long suspected that these glacial cycles are triggered by changes in our planet 's orbit . Yet while this theory has had many successes , it fails to explain one critical fact : why the ice ages end every 100,000 years or so . “ It 's a big problem , ” says Larry Edwards of the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis .
Edwards is part of a group of researchers who may finally have the answer , thanks to Hulu and other nearby caves . If their conclusions are right , then the greatest ice sheets of the past were remarkably vulnerable , melting away when there was just a glimmer of extra sunlight . But what have stalagmites in China got to do with the vast ice sheets that covered much of Europe and Siberia , and North America ?
By the middle of the 19th century , it was clear that there had once been a “ Great Ice Age ” . The evidence was everywhere , from ice-carved landscapes …
I am developing a real aversion to paper ! Well , that 's not exactly true . I LOVE paper… . ( How To Make Beautiful Handmade Paper , How To Make A Brown Paper Goodie Bag , DIY Notecard Purses ) ….but I hate wasting paper . Ask my family….when I get paper statements/bills in the mail every month that I already take care of online , it makes me crazy ! ! ! ! Such a huge waste . I also try to create my To-Do Lists and Grocery Lists digitally , but sometimes it 's nice to have it posted somewhere so other people in the house can contribute to it . So these simple DIY boards really appeal to me ! Less paper waste….and super cute . : - )
More Ideas You 'll Love How To Host A Book Swap Party The last year or so I 've been making a concerted effort to DE-CLUTTER . I feel so much better when there is n't so much stuff around ! I 'm pretty ... Continue Reading
Making your own dry-erase or chalk boards is so easy , I almost feel silly dedicating a whole post to them . But I loved how they turned out , so I had to share !
MY LATEST VIDEOS
For both of these projects , you need a picture frame . Any size will work . I found these cute frames for cheap at TJ Maxx , but you could easily pick some up at the thrift store , or if you have some unused frames lying around , by all means use them !
DIY Dry-Erase Board
Find some paper that you want to use as the “ backdrop ” for your board . I used a piece of scrapbook paper , but you could use notebook paper , newspaper , or even fabric if you wanted to .
Cut your paper to the size of the glass in your frame . I did this by tracing the outline of the glass onto the paper , then cutting along the traced lines .
If you have a specific use for your dry-erase board in mind , you can choose to write that at the top of the paper . For example , if you want to use it to keep track of your family 's meal plan for the week , you could write MENU at the top ( or use letter stickers if your handwriting is n't so great ! ) I wanted to be able to use mine for different things , so I chose not to do this .
More Ideas You 'll Love Simple Swaps for a Healthier Diet I do n't know about you , but I 'm having a hard time shaking the `` anything goes '' holiday eating mentality this year ! I do n't usually worry about my diet ... Continue Reading
Once your paper is the correct size , simply put it in the frame and voila ! You have a dry-erase “ board ” ! You can use several kinds of markers on the glass , like window markers , chalk markers ( which is what I used ) and plain old dry-erase markers . Depending on what kind of marker you use , you may need to use a bit of glass cleaner to erase your board .
Cute , right ?
DIY Chalk Board
This project is just a little bit more involved than the last one , but it 's still crazy easy .
First , remove the glass from your frame and lay it out on some newspaper . Then paint one side of the glass with chalkboard paint . Chalkboard paint is pretty widely available these days . I found mine in the craft paint aisle at Michael 's .
The brand of paint I bought recommends two coats , so I let the first coat dry for an hour , then applied the second coat .
I wanted to add some interest to the border of my “ chalkboard ” , so I used a stencil and some gold paint to put some designs on the edges . This requires more drying time , but I really like how it turned out .
More Ideas You 'll Love Repurpose A Glass Vase Into Trendy Home Decor I have been seeing the nautical home decor theme a lot lately . It seems to be making quite a `` splash ! '' : - ) Since I like to be `` on trend '' AND I like ... Continue Reading
Once the paint is completely dry and cured ( just make sure to follow the instructions on your paint ) , put it back in the frame . And there you have it ! Your own DIY chalk board . I found this chalk marker at Michael 's as well , and I am really pleased with it . I find it much easier and cleaner to use than actual chalk !
I hope you like this idea as much as I do ! It 's so simple and you can easily customize it to suit your own decor . Not to mention all the trees we are going to save now ! : - )
When there 's something strange on your TransitTracker , who ya gon na call ?
Do n't call TriMet . The agency says it has finally figured out how to scare off the `` ghost buses '' that never arrive , even though the real-time tracking service shows them running on time on your computer or smartphone .
Sometimes , because of traffic jams , breakdowns , emergencies and other situations , a bus trip or part of a trip needs to be canceled . Because of limitations in its software , however , TransitTracker shows the bus still making stops , TriMet said .
`` Thanks to a feature in the agency 's new bus radio dispatch system , TransitTracker will finally be able to tell riders when a bus is not coming , '' said Roberta Altstadt , a TriMet spokesperson .
Beginning Monday , TransitTracker will show when a bus is canceled .
From TriMet :
Previously , when a bus was canceled , TransitTracker would simply give a `` scheduled at '' time ( such as `` 2:45 p.m. '' ) instead of a countdown .
Other times , the countdown would go all the way down to `` Due '' but the bus would never come . Many riders refer to this phenomenon as `` ghost buses '' because the buses just seem to vanish .
Our new bus radio/dispatch system now gives TriMet the technology to automatically send information to TransitTracker when a bus trip is canceled , eliminating most `` ghost buses . '' We say 'most ' because there may be instances when a bus is not officially canceled in the system . There may also be times a bus does show up even though TransitTracker says it 's canceled . This could be due to an extra bus sent to fill the remainder of a route .
`` This will help our bus riders make more informed travel decisions and is just one of the many improvements we 're making to better our customers ' experience , '' said TriMet General Manager Neil McFarlane . `` We are taking steps to enhance our communication with riders , using the latest technology to simplify paying fares , and we are dedicated to putting more service on the streets. ``
This is the first phase of improvements to the reliability of the real-time information supplied through TransitTracker , and future upgrades should make it even better .
, we came , we saw , we got on a bus .
OK. OK. Let 's do what has to be done :
-- Joseph Rose
A high school teacher in Hamilton has kept their job despite admitting kicking a student in the bottom during a class .
Photo : 123RF
The Education Council 's Disciplinary Tribunal found Peter Rowlingson guilty of misconduct for the incident at Hamilton 's Melville High School in in June last year .
Mr Rowlingson , a technology teacher , admitted lashing out after students threw equipment around their classroom .
The tribunal heard the student ignored multiple requests to stop , but had a hearing problem Mr Rowlingson was not aware of .
Their kick was described by the tribunal as `` fairly robust '' and caught the student by surprise .
The student swore and left the classroom to report the incident .
Mr Rowlingson admitted they were incensed by the student 's behaviour and acted inappropriately .
The tribunal heard they had previously faced disciplinary action for an incident in which they lost their temper with a colleague , kicked a rubbish bin and punched a whiteboard .
The tribunal described the case as not especially serious . It censured Mr Rowlingson and ordered them to pay $ 3495.29 in administration costs .
After apologising to the student , they were given a final written warning by the school .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Thursday that they will address the United Nations General Assembly on Friday , September 23 , the day on which the Palestinians say they will submit their bid for full UN membership .
Netanyahu is due to leave for New York next Wednesday , and will attend the annual General Assembly session . Israel had originally intended to dispatch President Shimon Peres to New York for the General Assembly , but was warned by diplomats that this would only give more weight to the Palestinian move .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ( right ) and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas . AP
Should Netanyahu address the UN General Assembly on September 23 ? Visit Haaretz.com on Facebook and answer our poll .
`` The General Assembly is not a place where Israel usually receives a fair hearing , '' Netanyahu told a press conference with the Czech Prime Minister Petr Necas in Jerusalem on Thursday . `` But I still decided to tell the truth before anyone who would like to hear it . ''
`` I have decided to convey the twin messages of direct negotiations for peace and the quest for peace , '' Netanyahu told reporters .
Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Malki said earlier Thursday that the Palestinians will definitely go ahead with their bid for full membership at the UN Security Council on September 23 .
“ Turkey 's last-ditch efforts to harness Russian military and diplomatic heft to counter the Syrian Kurds and unravel their alliance with the United States are showing few signs of succeeding , like much else in the country 's ill-fated Syrian policy , ” writes Amberin Zaman .
A Russian agreement with the Syrian Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) in the Cindires district of Afrin may foreshadow a potential showdown in Idlib , where al-Qaeda-linked Hayat Tahrir al-Sham and Turkish-backed Salafi groups have taken hold after their defeat in Aleppo .
The introduction of Russian forces in Afrin is reminiscent of what happened in Manbij , where a threatened Turkish assault was deterred by US forces in the north and Russian and Syrian deployments in the south .
“ If anything , ” Zaman continues , “ both the United States and Russia are steadily deepening their ties with the Syrian Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) and its Arab allies who operate under the umbrella of the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) . And viewed from Ankara , they are doing so at Turkey 's expense . ”
The negotiations between Russia and the Syrian Kurds over Afrin included discussion of possible coordination against Jabhat Fatah al-Sham , al-Qaeda 's Syria affiliate , formerly known as Jabhat al-Nusra , now under the umbrella of Hayat Tahrir al-Sham , whose members slipped out of Aleppo with other armed groups under Turkish cover , according to Fehim Tastekin .
Tastekin writes , “ YPG sources told Al-Monitor the two sides [ Russia and the YPG ] met at Khmeimim air base near Latakia to discuss developing a joint operation against Jabhat Fatah al-Sham ( previously Jabhat al-Nusra ) , which has made Idlib its central base . The Kurds initially insisted that the partnership should also oppose organizations such as Ahrar al-Sham , which Turkey supports . In the end , the sources said , both parties decided not to debate which organizations they will confront and agreed that Russia will set up a base in Afrin . The Kurds said they rejected Russia 's request to have Syrian regime troops at the base and to fly the Syrian flag there . ''
They add , `` Zelal Ceger , an official with the Kurdish Movement for a Democratic Society in Afrin , said that the Kurds sought an arrangement with Russia because of persistent attacks on Afrin by Turkish Armed Forces ( TSK ) and armed groups that Turkey supports , '' which includes Salafi and Turkmen armed groups .
Ceger told Tastekin that “ this war can escalate — hence our call on Russia for an alliance . There has to be coordination between Turkey and us . Russia will provide that coordination to prevent Turkish attacks against Afrin . ''
Tastekin adds that YPG officials rejected a US proposal to include Syrian Kurdish forces backed by Iraqi Kurdistan President Massoud Barzani , calling it a “ conspiracy ” that could lead to war among the Kurds .
Zaman writes , “ Turkey 's strongest card is its long border with Syria and continued influence over assorted Syrian rebel groups , which it has united under the Euphrates Shield command . Since August , Turkey and its rebel allies have cleared the Turkish border of IS forces and after a bloody and protracted offensive captured the IS-controlled town of al-Bab last month . But firmly hemmed in to the east by Russian , Syrian regime and US forces and now to the west by Russian forces in Afrin , Euphrates Shield appears to have reached the limits of its expansion . ”
They add , “ The recent split in Ahrar al-Sham , one of the most powerful rebel factions in Syria , with its top leaders defecting to the Jabhat al-Nusra-dominated and al-Qaeda-linked Hayat Tahrir al-Sham , will have further weakened Turkey 's hand . ''
While the United States is consumed with planning for unseating the Islamic State ( IS ) in Raqqa , Idlib may prove a comparable or perhaps even more explosive fault line because of the blurred lines among anti-Western Salafi groups such as Ahrar al-Sham , which is backed by Turkey , and Hayat Tahrir al-Sham .
Tamer Osman reports that Syrian “ warplanes are increasingly hovering in the sky over Idlib in northern Syria and targeting several residential areas inside the city . ”
Tastekin writes , “ The Syrian army has been clearing out IS forces from their last Aleppo stronghold . Thanks to an agreement between Turkey and Russia , Turkish-supported armed groups — which oppose the Syrian regime but were also fighting IS in Aleppo — were allowed to leave there with their weapons and families . Most of them settled in Idlib and Azaz . … Russia and Turkey disagree on what to do with these anti-Syrian ( and therefore , anti-Russian ) groups . Russia wants them disbanded . Turkey would like them to hold onto that area and join the pro-Turkish Free Syrian Army factions to fight the Kurds and keep them from establishing a continuous autonomous region near Turkey 's border . If Russia and the Syrian army open a front against Idlib , clashes with the Turkish-backed groups could spill over to Afrin . Although the Kurds are focused on defending Afrin , they may be amenable to a joint operation with the Russians against threats from Idlib . ”
“ The biggest problem , ” Osman continues , `` is the lives of hundreds of thousands of Syrians living in Idlib , as these will not be able to find another shelter amid the ongoing airstrikes falling on the city and its suburbs . This same scenario occurred in areas now controlled by the Syrian regime forces such as the eastern neighborhoods of Aleppo . ”
Khaled al-Khateb reports from Aleppo , “ Turkey has been training a police organization , the Free Syrian Police ( FSP ) , to help out with secondary operations in Aleppo province so the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) can focus on fighting and maintaining control of the areas it has captured. “
Khateb writes , “ The FSA 's presence there makes residents targets for the Islamic State ( IS ) . '' They add , `` The first FSP group , stationed in Jarablus , was recruited in late 2016 from Syrian refugee camps scattered in Gaziantep and Kilis in southern Turkey , unlike the second group stationed in Azaz and nearby towns , which mostly came from Aleppo province . There has been no shortage of recruits . ”
Semih Idiz explains that “ there is also speculation , fueled by remarks made by Erdoğan in the recent past , about a Turkish effort to turn the FSA into Syria 's new army . If this were to come about , it would mean a Sunni-dominated , anti-Kurdish and anti-Shiite army . Given the big picture as it stands today , though , such an army is highly unlikely to be formed , since it would be blocked by Russia and the United States . The bottom line in all of this is that the prospects for Ankara 's realizing its aims in Syria appear to be dimming by the day — a fact that is also being increasingly noted by Turkish analysts . ”
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Sen. Jeff Flake , an Arizona Republican , announced Tuesday they would not run for re-election in 2018 , condemning in a speech aimed at President Donald Trump the ‘ ‘ flagrant disregard of truth and decency '' Flake says is undermining American democracy .
‘ ‘ There are times we must risk our careers , '' Flake said in a speech on the Senate floor . ‘ ‘ Now is such a time . ''
Flake , who has criticized the path that the Republican Party has taken under Trump , said the impulse ‘ ‘ to threaten and scapegoat '' could turn America and the GOP into a ‘ ‘ fearful , backward-looking people '' and a ‘ ‘ fearful , backward- looking party . '' Flake did n't mention Trump by name , but clearly was directing their remarks at the president and their administration .
Advertisement
Flake is a conservative who favors limited government and free markets .
‘ ‘ A political career does not mean much if we are complicit in undermining these values , '' they said .
Their extraordinary speech came shortly after Trump had joined Senate Republicans at their weekly policy luncheon , and came a few hours after the president had engaged in a war of words with another retiring Republican senator , Bob Corker of Tennessee .
After bucking Trump in a state the president won , Flake is bottoming out in polls . Republicans may be left with a hard-core conservative challenger that might win the primary but lose in the general election .
Flake was facing a challenge from former state Sen. Kelli Ward , who failed in their effort to take out Sen. John McCain last year but has gained some traction this year . Last week , former Trump strategist Steve Bannon attended a fundraiser for them
But mainstream Republicans in Arizona believe Ward can not beat Rep. Krysten Sinema , who is running in their primary as the only well-known Democratic candidate . They 've been searching for another candidate to take on Flake , and their decision to step aside opens the door wide for those efforts .
Besides Ward , other potential candidates for Flake 's seat include current state university regent Jay Heiler , former state GOP chairperson Robert Graham , state Treasurer and 2016 Trump campaign CFO Jeff DeWit . Other names that have been floated in recent weeks include Reps. Paul Gosar and Trent Franks , conservative stalwarts who sit in safe GOP seats .
Advertisement
Heiler announced early this month that they were considering a run . They were chief of staff to Arizona Gov . Fife Symington in the 1990s and has been involved in numerous political campaigns .
Former Gov . Jan Brewer was pushing Heiler as a candidate .
‘ ‘ I 've known Jeff for a long time and I admire them for their service that they have given to our state , '' they said Friday . ‘ ‘ But I believe it is an opportunity for me to support a different candidate , someone that I 've known for a long while , and somebody that I believe will serve Arizona the best . ''
On Tuesday , they tweeted that ‘ ‘ the 2018 Senate race about to get real interesting ! ''
___
Associated Press writer Bob Christie in Phoenix contributed to this report .
A new mapping tool shows who will be living in your city 15 years from now .
Minority populations will surpass the aging , white majority by 2042 . New births , immigration , and internal migration will reconfigure the populations of our cities , towns and suburbs . The tectonic plates of America 's demographics are shifting , and now there 's an easy way to follow along .
A new interactive tool developed by the Urban Institute predicts how these changes will play out locally by 2030 . Using historical trends and census data , it allows users to adjust for rates of birth , death , and migration to forecast a range of scenarios—so urban planners , local leadership , and anyone else can track the effects of demographic trends in their region .
`` Sometimes people 's idea of what their community is like gets fixed at a fairly early age , '' says urban planner William Fulton , who formerly served as San Diego 's planning director . `` If you have statistical information ... it becomes more possible to have a conversation about how things are changing and what you 're going to do about it . ''
Paul Rudd makes a run for it while shooting a scene for the upcoming movie Avengers : Infinity War on Wednesday ( July 5 ) in Atlanta , Ga .
The 48-year-old actor , who plays the role of Scott Lang/Ant-Man , will be making their first appearance in an Avengers movie with this installment . They previously starred in their own standalone movie in addition to an appearance in Captain America : Civil War .
Ant-Man and the Wasp , the second film in the Ant-Man series , will be released on July 6 , 2018 , just two months after Infinity War hits theaters !
For the scene , Paul was spotted running on a sidewalk with garbage lined up along the street .
That same afternoon , Benedict Cumberbatch filmed a scene in which their character , Dr . Strange , was attacked by a man in a CGI suit .
15+ pictures inside of Paul Rudd on set…
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
On a sunny Wednesday afternoon in August , the Above All tour bus parked in a busy plaza in the heart of downtown Oakland , California . Around it , activists and advocates milled about handing out literature , collecting petition signatures and attempting to build the ranks of people fighting to secure access to abortion for low-income women . Ad Policy
The bus , which began its national tour in Los Angeles this month , and the coalition behind it are part of the latest effort to repeal the Hyde Amendment , which for nearly four decades has banned the use of federal funds for abortion and limited the options available women who depend on Medicaid for their healthcare coverage .
The ban 's real intent—reversing Roe v. Wade to the greatest extent possible—has been clear from the beginning . After the budget amendment 's passage in 1976 , Republican Representative Henry Hyde said , “ I certainly would like to prevent , if I could legally , anybody having an abortion , a rich woman , a middle-class woman , or a poor woman . Unfortunately , the only vehicle available is the…Medicaid bill . ”
Advocates for poor women and women of color have been trying to repeal the Hyde Amendment ever since , arguing that a person 's income level should n't dictate their decision whether to become a parent . Currently , about 9 million women of reproductive age are Medicaid beneficiaries , and advocates use that number to quantify how many are denied access to abortion . Using a bus tour with stops in cities including Chicago , Philadelphia and Washington , DC , and a social media campaign , the fifty-plus organizations that make up the coalition want to push a conversation about Hyde into mainstream conversations about abortion rights and eventually into the halls of Congress .
Legislative pushes for repeal have failed in the past , since even Democrats who are otherwise in favor of abortion rights have been unwilling to challenge anti-choice framing that 's put “ taxpayer-funded abortion ” out of bounds . That 's why a central goal this campaign is to mobilize elected officials who lead on issues of choice but who rarely talk about the need to repeal Hyde , Kalpana Krishnamurthy , policy director at a supporting organization called Forward Together , told me .
“ The Hyde Amendment has never been a rigorous part of the pro-choice agenda , ” Krishnamurthy said . “ We want to make sure that our friends and allies know that it 's a new day and it 's time to take this on . ”
It 's a new day in part because of the Affordable Care Act and the opportunity it has created through Medicaid expansion for more women and families to access healthcare . ( In addition to advocating for Hyde 's repeal , campaign participants are also calling on states to repeal bans on abortion coverage in the healthcare exchanges set up under the ACA . ) But the time also feels right because a new generation is bumping up against the challenge of not having employer-based insurance coverage , and so finding itself susceptible to restrictions on abortion coverage . That 's why the bus , with its neon-green lettering and exhortations to “ be bold ” and “ be brave , ” strives to have a youthful appeal . At the stop in Oakland , people who gathered were encouraged to take photos of themselves expressing support and share them on social media using one of the campaign 's hashtags . The formal part of the program—during which Representative Barbara Lee told the crowd , “ It 's the street heat that 's going to matter ” on repealing Hyde—opened with the reading of stories about individuals ' struggles to raise the money for their abortions .
“ The tactics matter , and the tactics speak to a new generation , ” Krishnamurthy said . Another of those tactics involves gathering petition signatures for local initiatives along the way and bringing those supporters into a conversation about Hyde . So in California , advocates also circulated a petition in support of a paid sick leave bill .
California , one of seventeen states that use their own funds to cover abortion for people on Medicaid , is the right place to draw the connection to the myriad pressures facing poor families . Women there still struggle to pay for childcare , travel or a place to stay when they make the decision to have an abortion .
“ The funds for the actual abortion is a start , ” Poonam Dreyfus-Pai told me . They serve on the board of ACCESS , an Oakland-based hotline that provides Californians with reproductive health information .
It 's time for legislators to start talking about the exclusion that low-income families have faced for decades , Dreyfus-Pai said . “ Roe does not mean as much with Hyde in place . ”
CSU Rams players celebrate with the Centennial Cup after defeating the the CU Buffaloes 31-17 in the Rocky Mountain Showdown at Sports Authority Field at Mile High on Aug. 29 , 2014 . ( credit : Evan Semón/CBS4 )
– Tickets for the 2015 Rocky Mountain Showdown between the Colorado State University Rams and University of Colorado Buffaloes at Sports Authority Field at Mile High are now on sale .
The tickets went on sale Tuesday for the game on Saturday , Sept. 19 . Kickoff is at 5 p.m .
PHOTO GALLERY : Fans Get Wild At 2014 Rocky Mountain Showdown
It will be the 87th time the teams have played . The series began in 1893 and has been played every year since 1995 .
The Buffs own a 62-22-2 record in the series and are 8-6 in games played in Denver .
To purchase tickets visit www.ticketmaster.com .
Resolution To Retire The San Diego State University Mascot And Moniker
AUTHOR : STUDENT DIVERSITY COMMISSION
WHEREAS , people of all cultures , ethnicities , and religions have a right to be treated with dignity and respect ; and
WHEREAS , Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 states that : “ It prohibits the discrimination on the basis of race , color , and national origin in programs and activities receiving federal assistance ; ” 1 and
WHEREAS , in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , programs and activities that receive Federal funds must operate in a non-discriminatory manner ; and
WHEREAS , the State of California 's Education Code Title 1 , Division 1 , Part 1 , Chapter 2 , Article 3 [ 220 ] states : “ No person shall be subjected to discrimination on the basis of…nationality , race or ethnicity…or any other characteristic that is contained in the definition of hate crimes set forth in Section 422.55 of the Penal Code in any program or activity conducted by an educational institution that receives , or benefits from , state financial assistance or enrolls pupils who receive state student financial aid ; ” and
WHEREAS , the State of California 's Education Code Title 1 , Division 1 , Part 1 , Chapter 2 , Article 3.5 [ 221.2 ] states : “ ( a ) The use of racially derogatory or discriminatory school or athletic team names , mascots , or nicknames in California public schools is antithetical to the California school mission of providing an equal education to all ; ( b ) Certain athletic team names , mascots , and nicknames that have been used and remain in use by other teams , including school teams , in other parts of the nation are discriminatory in singling out the Native American community for the derision to which mascots or nicknames are often subjected ; ( c ) Many individuals and organizations interested and experienced in human relations , including the United States Commission on Civil Rights , have concluded that the use of Native American images and names in school sports is a barrier to equality and understanding , and that all residents of the United States would benefit from the discontinuance of their use ; ( d ) No individual or school has a cognizable interest in retaining a racially derogatory or discriminatory school or athletic team name , mascot , or nickname ; ” and
WHEREAS , Executive Order 1097 from the Office of the chancellor of the California State University system states : “ The California State University ( CSU ) is committed to maintaining an inclusive community that values diversity and fosters tolerance and mutual respect ” , and further goes on to state that “ The CSU strives to be free of all forms of Discrimination , including Harassment , because of a Protected Status . It is CSU policy that no Student shall be excluded from participation in , or be denied the benefits of , any CSU program or activity because of any Protected Status , ” 2 with examples of Protected Status including race or ethnicity ; and
WHEREAS , the United States Commission on Civil Rights , by Resolution dated April 13 , 2001 , called for an end to the use of American Indian images and team names by schools : “ The stereotyping of any racial , ethnic , religious or other groups when promoted by our public educational institutions , teach all students that stereotyping of minority groups is acceptable , a dangerous lesson in a diverse society . Schools have a responsibility to educate their students ; they should not use their influence to perpetuate misrepresentations of any culture or people ; ” 3 and
WHEREAS , in 2005 , the American Psychological Association called for “ the immediate retirement of all American Indian mascots , symbols , images and personalities by schools , colleges , universities , athletic teams and organizations , ” based on “ a growing body of social science literature that shows the harmful effects of racial stereotyping and inaccurate racial portrayals , including the particularly harmful effects of American Indian sports mascots on the social identity development and self-esteem of American Indian young people ; ” 4 and
WHEREAS , native symbols and mascots have been used , but then later acknowledged as inappropriate and retired by institutions of higher learning including the following : Dartmouth College , Eastern Michigan University , Marquette University , Seattle University , Southern Oregon University , Southwestern Community College , Stanford University , Syracuse University , University of Massachusetts , Amherst , University of Oklahoma ; University of Louisiana-Monroe , Arkansas State University , and the University of North Dakota ; and
WHEREAS , more than 100 organizations across the nation have endorsed the discontinuation of Native American mascots , including : National Congress of American Indians , the National Indian Education Association , Oregon Indian Education Association , the Society of Indian Psychologists , , the Anti-Defamation League , , United States Civil Rights Commission , Asian Americans Advancing Justice , National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) , American Jewish Committee , Museum of Tolerance , National Education Association ( NEA ) , California Teachers Association ( CTA ) , University of California Student Association ( UCSA ) , ; and
WHEREAS , San Diego State University 's institutional identity is , at present , comprised in large part of the “ Aztec ” moniker and the “ Aztec Warrior ” mascot based on a racialized stereotype of Native Americans ; and
WHEREAS , the research featured in a San Diego State University graduate student 's thesis , entitled , Fail Montezuma ! : The Last Vestiges of an Obscured Yet Stubbornly Persistent Culture of Racism at San Diego State University , reveals the history of how white supremacy , racism , and ignorance in general shaped the formation of SDSU 's present-day historically inaccurate institutional identity , and how that institutional identity causes some students and faculty to inadvertently condone racist imagery such as “ red face ” in the name of the “ school spirit ” and
WHEREAS , San Diego State University 's Policy file , in section 4.4 states : “ The university shall cultivate a campus climate that promotes human dignity , civility , and mutual appreciation for the uniqueness of each member of our community . Because the university 's educational goals are founded on the values of intellectual honesty , appreciation for diversity , and mutual respect , it is critical that our academic and co-curricular programs , scholarships , courses , workshops , lectures , and other aspects of campus life reflect diverse perspectives . Freedom from discrimination , harassment , and violence against persons or property is a basic right and is requisite for learning… . By the same token , the campus community shall denounce and confront acts of intolerance , abusive behaviors , and the beliefs and past events that have separated us as a people ; and
WHEREAS , in 2005 , the NCAA adopted a policy to prohibit NCAA colleges and universities from displaying hostile and abusive racial/ethnic/national origin mascots , nicknames or imagery at any of the 88 NCAA championships and San Diego State University eluded the ban by committing an act of intellectual dishonesty , specifically when then-President Stephen Weber said “ the Aztecs are not a Native American or American Indian culture…However , the Aztecs are central to the cultural heritage of Mexico , ” 5 thereby claiming that Mexico is not part of North America ; and
WHEREAS , between 2010 and 2012 , San Diego State University employed the use of a separate mascot , Zuma the Jaguar , as a “ sidekick ” to the “ Aztec Warrior ” to entertain children at football and basketball games , and so precedent exists of employing an alternate mascot identity ; 6 and
WHEREAS , San Diego State University 's Diversity and Inclusion Pledge calls on students , faculty and staff to pledge “ To embrace the diversity of all individuals respecting such attributes as their sex , gender , race , ethnicity , age , class , citizenship , marital status , sexual orientation , nationality , socioeconomic status , religion , physical ability , mental ability and expression ; To strive toward social justice for all people in order to create and sustain a safer , more productive , and inclusive campus environment ; To refrain from using derogatory terms or statements that are harmful and disrespectful to others ; To not contribute to stereotypes or make generalizations about individuals but rather to use my own experiences and interactions to better understand and embrace all people ; To educate myself about cultures other than my own ; To engage in and contribute to the diverse world around me ; To actively honor this pledge within my everyday life ; ” 7 and
WHEREAS , Native American students , faculty , administrators and staff are members of “ our community ; ” and so
LET IT BE RESOLVED , that San Diego State University immediately acknowledge the history behind its institutional identity , how it was shaped by white supremacy and racism , that Mexico is on the continent of North America and so Aztecs are native Americans , thus this institutional identity is completely incongruent with its professed ideals and principles , and that San Diego State University and all its auxiliary and affiliated organizations will put an end , “ with all deliberate speed , ” 8 to the intellectual dishonesty of historical inaccuracy and cultural misappropriation of the Aztec civilization and culture through ceasing the use of the term “ Aztec ” in any and all future naming , promotional materials , events and efforts henceforth ; and that the “ Aztec Warrior ” mascot and moniker be authentically and immediately retired .
LET IT BE RESOLVED , that the San Diego State University president create a planning group or committee of San Diego State University students , faculty , and staff to phase out over three to five years all current names , symbols , signage and references which stem from the misappropriation of the “ Aztec ” and Aztec culture in 1925 ( such as the names of residence halls , Calpulli Health Center , events such as Templo del Sol , conference rooms and halls such as Templo Mayor and Montezuma Hall , and “ Aztec ” branded programs , including but not limited to : Aztec Nights , Aztec Proud , Aztec Mentor Program , Aztec Achievement Awards , Aztec Dance Marathon , and others ) .
LET IT BE RESOLVED , that San Diego State University choose and accept a new , non-human mascot , such as an animal indigenous or well-known to this region of California 9 during that planning group or committee .
LET IT BE RESOLVED , that the “ Aztec ” statue ( aka “ Monty ” ) be immediately retired and that the reproduction of said statue in front of the Parma Payne Goodall Alumni Center be immediately retired .
LET IT BE RESOLVED , that San Diego State University prepare educational material which outlines the truth of the history behind this institutional identity , and why it had to be retired , and offer it for free to the public .
Google just announced onstage at its event in Mountain View that the two newest phones — the Nexus 5X and the Nexus 6P — will be compatible with Project Fi , the company 's own mobile network . These will be the first phones outside of the Nexus 6 that work with Project Fi when they go on sale in October .
Project Fi works by combining Wi-Fi calling with a cellular network connection ( Fi is compatible with and can alternate between Sprint and T-Mobile ) . The phone always picks the fastest available network from one of three sources all while simplifying the payment structure of your cell phone bill . For $ 20 per month , users get the same things they 've come to expect from any carrier , like talk , text , Wi-Fi tethering , and international coverage , along with a flat cost of $ 10 per GB per month for cellular data ( both in the U.S. and abroad ) . Users also get credited for any unused data during each month .
We tried Fi earlier this year and really liked it , even if it is a bit of a nightmare if you 're an existing Google Voice user . In fact , one of the only downsides to Fi so far has been that it was limited only to the Nexus 6 .
See all of the Google News right here !
The Arrow Function
Arrow functions ( often referred to as fat arrow functions or lambda functions ) are a concise way of writing functions that do not rebind context ( this ) within other functions . Their short syntax is further enhanced by their ability to return values implicitly in one line , single return functions .
Arrow functions can never be named and as such , are always considered anonymous functions .
Traditional Function Definitions
Until now , JavaScript has made use of the following syntax for anonymous functions :
var double = function ( a ) {
return a * 2 ;
}
double ( 100 ) ;
// Output : 200
There are a wide variety of syntaxes available to arrow functions ; a full list of which is available on EcmaScript.org . The examples in this article will make use of the most common ones in the interest of brevity .
Arrow Function Definitions
With the introduction of arrow functions , we can rewrite the given example as follows :
const double = ( a ) = > {
return a * 2 ;
}
double ( 100 ) ;
// Output : 200
Parameters and Parenthesis
Parenthesis are required around arrow functions with multiple parameters :
const add = ( a , b ) = > {
return a + b ;
}
add ( 100 , 200 ) ;
// Output : 300
Parenthesis are also required in arrow functions that do not contain any parameters at all :
const fullName = ( ) = > {
return 'Andrew Hill ' ;
}
name ( ) ;
// Output : Andrew Hill
Functions that contain a single parameter allow us to omit the parenthesis from the function definition all together :
const double = a = > {
return a * 2 ;
}
double ( 100 ) ;
// Output : 200
Returning Implicitly
Our example is a simple one line function that returns a value immediately . In a use case such as this , we are allowed to omit the functions curly braces in order to implicitly return its result :
const double5 = a = > a * 2 ;
double5 ( 100 ) ;
// Output : 200
Returning Object Literals Implicitly
Traditionally , if we wanted to return an object literal we would write our function as follows :
var animal = function ( type , name ) {
return {
type : type ,
name : name ,
}
}
animal ( 'dog ' , 'Damon ' ) ;
// Output : Object { type : `` dog '' , name : `` Damon '' }
Switching to an arrow function and attempting to implicitly return the object will result in errors as the engine is unable to tell if the curly braces belong to the object or the function block :
const animal = ( type , name ) = > { type : type , name : name } ;
animal ( 'dog ' , 'Damon ' ) ;
// Output : [ SyntaxError ] Unexpected token :
To get around this we can tell the arrow function we are implicitly returning the object by wrapping the object in an additional set of parenthesis :
const animal = ( type , name ) = > ( { type : type , name : name } ) ;
animal ( 'dog ' , 'Damon ' ) ;
// Output : Object { type : `` dog '' , name : `` Damon '' }
As a side note , keys and values that share a name in ES6 can be written in shorthand as follows :
const animal2 = ( type , name ) = > ( { type , name } ) ;
animal2 ( 'dog ' , 'Damon ' ) ;
// Output : Object { type : `` dog '' , name : `` Damon '' }
It 's beautiful !
Context
Let 's take a look at the way traditional functions handle context by binding an event listener to a button and logging this on click :
var button = document.getElementById ( 'contextButton ' ) ;
button.addEventListener ( 'click ' , function ( ) {
console.log ( this ) ;
} ) ;
// Output on click : < button id= '' contextButton '' > ... < /button >
In this example , the traditional function bound the value of this to the element that the event listener is assigned to .
Consider the following example using an arrow function instead :
const button = document.getElementById ( 'contextButton ' ) ;
button.addEventListener ( 'click ' , ( ) = > {
console.log ( this ) ;
} ) ;
// Output on click : Window { ... }
Here we illustrate how arrow functions make use of lexical binding to inherit the value of this from the parent context . Since this code exists in the global scope , its parent ( and the result of this ) is the Window { } object .
Nuances and Final Thoughts
One final nuance to consider is that the arguments object is not available to arrow functions .
In the following example , we make use of a traditional function to return an array of “ argument values ” using the arguments object :
var test = function ( a , b ) {
return arguments ;
}
test ( 100 , 200 ) ;
// Output : [ 100 , 200 ]
Attempting the same thing using an arrow function results in errors :
const test = ( a , b ) = > arguments ;
test ( 100 , 200 ) ;
// Output : [ Uncaught ReferenceError ] arguments is not defined
Finally , it is important to realise that even though arrow functions are beautiful , short and concise , they are not here to replace traditional functions . Their use of lexical binding means there are definite use cases where we should and should not be using arrow functions .
Thanks for reading . If you liked this article please consider supporting future installations of this series by recommending it . 👏
Click here to view Part III : Understanding standard , embedded , multiline and tagged template literals .
Before you even consider watching this , take a look at the comments . No , do n't take a look at the bad , 1-star comments . Take a look at the high rated ones . You will begin to see a pattern emerging of incredibly bad english with the same words misspelled and the same horrid grammatical errors . At first I assumed only people foreign to the English language were writing reviews , but being a journalist and wordsmith myself , I began to realize this could not be the case . There was no variance . the same personality wrote pretty much EVERY good review . And then I saw the words of one of the creators of the film yelling at someone who gave it a bad review and realized that They were the same person that was writing ALL the good reviews .
In my opinion , if someone has to fake reviews to try and get you to watch their garbage production , it 's not worth your time to watch . Also , if someone is going to try and scam you into believing this movie is worth your time , how much do you want to bet the money they say they are donating to charity is just going into their pockets overseas where they ca n't get busted for lying to us ?
A real Back to the Future 4 would be a dream come true . But just looking at the cover tells me this `` movie '' is a nightmare . Only buy/rent it if you are into self-mutilation and you want to get to your brain while you are at it .
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Watching Barnsley play Oxford might not normally excite Manchester United fans , but the Johnstone 's Paint Trophy final could offer a glimpse of their future .
Louis van Gaal 's team still harbour hopes of a Wembley trip this season and one Red on Sunday will achieve what they hope will be the first of many showpiece games there .
It has already been an encouraging season for Ashley Fletcher .
The 20-year-old striker , born in Keighley and schooled in Bolton , has achieved their first competitive football and goals at Oakwell , finding their feet and transitioning through a managerial change at the League One club to earn a regular place in the team .
Fletcher 's increasing importance in the Barnsley side has coincided with a surge in form ; with 13 wins from their last 16 games , another Wembley trip could await in the play-offs .
Even if they fall short , it has been a productive loan spell and the striker will return to Old Trafford an improved player .
Has their absence from Manchester moved that dream further away though ? In the absence of Fletcher ( and James Wilson ) , Marcus Rashford stepped up in a time of need and has started emphatically .
That has n't been a problem for Fletcher , who said the 'really good talent is getting what they deserves ' . But they are working overtime to maintain the momentum for their United dream .
`` I always keep in touch with [ Warren Joyce ] , '' they told the official website .
`` He rings me after every game . He 's really good like that , to be fair .
`` I go in to the club on my day off as well to train and just to show my face there . Warren is really good because they give me advice and helps me .
More :
`` I am here now but want to go back there and be a better player . That 's my aim . I go there on my days off to work in the gym and see the lads to find out how they 're getting on . ''
Watch : Van Gaal on Rashford after Manchester derby
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
If that helps keep their face in at the club , goals are the main currency to continue being championed , something new academy head Nicky Butt accepted United could do more .
Wilson - as well as Rashford - will be pushing for a place in the first team squad next season when they return from Championship high-flyers .
But the in-form Fletcher has not been fazed by the new challenges this term .
They scored ten minutes into their debut for England Under-20s in November , and netted again in a behind-closed-doors game against Canada last week ( a match Rashford was on the bench for ) .
A standout performance in front of 60,000 this weekend would be another step towards showing the 20-year-old has what it takes to thrive on the big stage .
The Statement of Kani Xulam
Pentagon , Virginia
June 5 , 1999
I want to start by expressing my own words of gratitude to the organizers of this march to sound a call for an immediate end to the war in Kosovo and Serbia . I am a stateless Kurd from a country called Turkey , a member of NATO , part of the assault force against Yugoslavia . I oppose the war . For one thing , I am a peace activist . For another , I dislike it intensely when an organization like NATO whose time has come and gone resorts to killings to prolong its life .
On March 24 , 1999 , when this nation goaded 18 others to turn a defensive organization into an offensive force , it gave the deaths of hundreds of ethnic Albanians as an excuse for casus belli . The Washington Post yesterday claimed that NATO has killed 5000 Serbs with 0 NATO casualties . For us peace activists the death of ethnic Albanians was wrong then just as is the death of 5000 Serbs now . An elementary school student could tell you that two wrongs do not add up to a right . Wake up America . Washington waged this war to keep NATO alive , not to punish Milosevic or bestow liberty on the Kosovars .
NATO , supposedly , came into existence to safeguard freedom . If it were so , my own rights as a Kurd should have been protected in Turkey . My language would not be banned . Asserting my Kurdish identity would not amount to a crime in Turkish Kurdistan . Turkey 's 15 year old war to keep me in subjugation would not have been legitimized as a war on so-called “ terrorism ” . I see cynicism in those statements . Those who oppress can never be free . Those who call themselves free can only safeguard their freedom if they stand against oppression not only here in America , but also in Kosovo , Kurdistan , Tibet and East Timor and many other troubled places in the world .
Turkey , a third world country , was accepted into NATO , not because it knew and respected the freedoms of its citizens , but because it was conveniently located to the south of then Soviet Union . Throughout the Cold War years , there were crocodile tears for the captive nations behind the Iron Curtain , but not a murmur was heard for campaigns of terror that were undertaken by Ankara against the Kurds . From 1984 onward , the year the first shots of liberty were fired by the Kurdish rebels , Turkey 's war on Kurds has cost 37,000 lives , the destruction of over 3,500 Kurdish villages and the displacement of more than 3 million Kurdish villagers .
I am a part of the spoils of war . I belong to the unaccepted and disrespected Kurdish nation . My homeland is called Kurdistan . The world is supposed to be my home as well . It is not so . NATO member Turkey controls half of what I call home . It does so , by the force of arms . Despite the suppression of their political rights , the existence of the ethnic Albanians is not questioned in Serbia , but in Turkey , it is a crime to be a Kurd . This iron yoke is sustained on our shoulders by the arms of NATO , primarily of the United States , to deny us the opportunity to assert ourselves , to claim our rights and to stand for ourselves .
If NATO claims to stand for stability , democracy , and peace , it should start practicing these concepts and these values in its backyard , before assuming the role of exporter of liberty and humanity to the Kosovars . War is ugly . It is another name for organized crime . We do no one a service by being quick with force , slow with discussions and impervious to our shortcomings . It is easier to be a bully ; much harder to be a peacemaker . If America wants to be a savior in the world ; it should first be a curator of nations it has destroyed on these shores . Greatness can only be sustained with humility ; otherwise , it is fleeting . This country can only remain free , proud and perhaps long-lasting , if it remains true to its ideals .
So I thank you for your principled stand for opposing violence , supporting negotiations , and sounding the alarm bells that this war , like many others , is wrong , immoral and will deliver neither liberty nor humanity . Serbs and Albanians may be at odds with one another as are the Turks and the Kurds , but we all need to communicate , a place to talk , rather than resort to arms to for our not-so-irreconcilable differences . The bombs donÕt help . The war must stop . Peace for racism infected nations and their neighbors can only come when the will of the oppressed is accepted and respected .
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - The European Union approved the Iran nuclear deal with world powers on Monday , a first step toward lifting Europe 's economic sanctions against Tehran that the bloc hopes will send a signal that the U.S. Congress will follow .
European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini ( L ) and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarifat clap after making statements following nuclear talks at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne ( Ecole Polytechnique Federale De Lausanne ) April 2 , 2015 . REUTERS/Brendan Smialowski/Pool
In a message mainly aimed at skeptical voices in the U.S. Congress and strong resistance from Israel , EU foreign ministers meeting in Brussels stressed that there was no better option available .
“ It is a balanced deal that means Iran wo n't get an atomic bomb , ” said French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius . “ It is a major political deal . ”
Ministers left the details of their endorsement until after a U.N. Security Council vote scheduled for 9 a.m. EDT ( 1300 GMT ) , but have formally committed to a gradual lifting of sanctions along with the United States and the United Nations .
Following the deal in Vienna , Iran has agreed to long-term curbs on a nuclear program that the West suspected was aimed at creating an atomic bomb , but which Tehran says is peaceful .
The European Union will retain its ban on the supply of ballistic missile technology and sanctions related to human rights , EU diplomats said .
A senior Western official involved in the accord said a combination of limitations and verification was enough to ensure Iran would not obtain a nuclear bomb .
“ Our ambition is to embed the Iranian civilian nuclear program into international cooperation , ” the official said .
The U.S. Congress received the Iran nuclear agreement on Sunday and will have 60 days from Monday to decide whether to approve or reject the deal .
Keen to consider Iran as an alternative supplier of energy at a time of tensions with Russia , the European Union may reopen an EU delegation in Tehran and is seeking business opportunities in the country .
Related Coverage Saudi outreach to Hamas part of wider effort against Iran
“ The Iran deal has a geopolitical impact and also an economic impact on the European Union , ” said Austria 's Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz , who plans to visit Iran in September .
German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel flew to Iran at the weekend , becoming the first senior figure from a large Western government to visit the country since the deal . France 's Fabius is also due to travel there soon .
French automakers had a strong presence in the Iranian car industry before Iran 's isolation over the nuclear issue , and Total ( TOTF.PA ) was active in the oil sector .
Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Miami ( Fox News/screen grab )
Two men faced charges of assault and affray after attacking two gay men last Monday at a McDonald 's in Sydney , Australia , the Daily Mail reports .
The two men who were attacked , Sam and Andrew , told the Star Observer that they were attacked by a supporter of President-elect Donald Trump while waiting in line at the fast food chain .
“ He was saying things like how white men rule now that Trump has won , ” Sam said . “ I was horrified . I turned around to the guy and said ‘ I 'm gay – do you have a problem with that ? ' and with that they went off . ”
The man was fired up over the comment , and started shouting , “ Trump 's won , straight white men rule ! ”
Friends of the Trump supporter reportedly dragged them out of the restaurant ; however , they then remained outside and waited for Sam and Andrew to leave the McDonald 's .
“ He hit me on the head , ” Sam said . “ And because I 'm a pretty big guy , I went down hard — immediately there was blood everywhere . They kept mouthing off , but when they hit my head things went a bit blurry from that point . ”
A NSW police spokesperson told Daily Mail , “ The argument recommenced when the men 's paths crossed outside the restaurant with two men allegedly assaulting two other men before they left the scene . ”
“ Do n't just assume it 's 2016 and everything 's okay , ” Sam said . “ Clearly what 's happening in the world is affecting people 's judgement and mentality. ” They added , “ I am scared but I also need to stand up because it 's not just about me , it 's about our community . ”
Since Donald Trump 's victory in the U.S. Presidential election , there has been a spike in hate crimes across the country , including racist , anti-immigrant , misogynistic , Islamophobic , and anti-LGBTQ violence . The election results have clearly impacted communities in other countries , as well .
The two men involved in the Sydney incident are on bail and will appear in Newtown Local Court on Dec. 15 .
Mitt Romney is getting beaten up , and rightly so , for claiming that redistribution is un-American . Of course we redistribute , and we 've been doing it on a substantial scale for generations . Medicare , for example , is in effect a strongly redistributive program : it 's supported by a payroll tax ( and other revenue ) in which the amount you pay in depends on your income , but it supplies a benefit that depends only on your medical costs . From each according to their ability , to each according to their needs !
So no , Obama is n't a radical for suggesting that we should continue to do what we 're already doing ; the real radicals are the people on the right who want to declare much of what our government has been doing these past three generations illegitimate .
The real question – arguably the central question of political economy – is how much to redistribute . And it 's both interesting and important to try to understand how that decision gets made .
There 's a substantial literature ( see , for example , the references here ( pdf ) ) that makes use of something like the following model :
1 . The government levies taxes on everyone – say , as a constant proportion of income
2 . It uses that revenue to pay for a benefit that everyone receives
3 . Voters choose parties based on which offers a tax/benefit program closest to the one that maximizes their own utility
4 . The end result reflects the preferences of the median voter
This kind of model suggests that the median voter will in fact want redistribution as long as their or their income – median income – is less than average income , because in that case he 'll have more to gain than to lose from a bit of redistribution . And this condition is always met , because income distribution is skewed to the right ( there are people with incomes $ 1 million above the median , but none with incomes $ 1 million below the median ) .
But in that case , wo n't the median voter favor complete redistribution , with all income taxed away and then handed out as benefits ? No , because of incentives : too high a tax rate will discourage effort and reduce overall incomes . So there 's a tradeoff that leads to some equilibrium level of redistribution .
OK , it should be obvious that while this model is pretty , it falls down badly in the realism department . For one thing , median-voter models of politics suggest that the parties should converge on similar policies ; in fact , they 're deeply polarized .
Beyond that , the model suggests that higher income inequality should lead to more redistribution . What we see in practice , however , is that European countries with relatively low inequality of market income do much more redistribution than the United States , with its high inequality – and that as America has gotten more unequal , its tax and transfer system has grown less , not more redistributive .
I do n't think we have a full explanation of these awkward facts . But the model is still useful for thinking about the political world we live in .
In particular , imagine yourself as a hired gun for the right tail of the income distribution . What would you do in an effort to stop the median voter from realizing that they would benefit from a more European-style system ? Well , you 'd do everything you can to exaggerate the disincentive effects of higher taxes , while trying to convince middle-income voters that the benefits of government programs go to other people . And at the same time , you 'd do everything you can to disenfranchise lower-income citizens , so that the median voter has a higher income than the median citizen .
So far , efforts along these lines have been remarkably successful . But operatives on the right are clearly worried that their three-decade run of success may be coming to an end . Indeed , the whole panic about the lucky duckies and all that can be seen as reflecting a great fear on the part of the right that any day now the median voter will realize where their true interests lie , and start supporting much more redistributionist policies .
So now you know what was bugging Romney at Boca , and why there 's such a desperate attempt to paint Obama as a radical .
Why so many commodity prices are down in the US , yet up in Europe
Jeffrey Frankel
Commodity prices have been falling in the US . This column argues that monetary policy has played a determining role in the falling prices trend . Monetary tightening is highly anticipated in the US , which is likely to raise short-term interest rates . At the same time , the ECB and Bank of Japan have enhanced monetary stimulus through quantitative easing . As a result , the dollar has appreciated against the euro and the yen . In this way , commodities can be down in terms of dollars and up in terms of other currencies .
Falling commodity prices
Oil prices plummeted 43 % during the course of 2014 – good news for oil-importing countries , but bad news for Russia , Nigeria , Venezuela , and other oil exporters . Some attribute the price drop to the US shale-energy boom . Others cite OPEC 's failure to agree on supply restrictions .
But that is not the whole story . The price of iron ore is down , too . So are gold , silver , and platinum prices . And the same is true for sugar , cotton , and soybean prices . In fact , most dollar commodity prices have fallen since the beginning of the year . Though a host of sector-specific factors affect the price of each commodity , the fact that the downswing is so broadly shared – as is often the case with big price swings – suggests that macroeconomic factors are at work .
Factors driving the prices down
So , what macroeconomic factors could be driving down commodity prices ? Perhaps it is deflation . But , though inflation is very low – even negative in a few countries – something more must be going on because commodity prices are falling relative to the overall price level . In other words , real commodity prices are falling .
The most common explanation is the global economic slowdown , which has diminished demand for energy , minerals , and agricultural products . Indeed , growth has slowed and GDP forecasts have been revised downward in most countries .
But the US is a major exception . The American expansion seems increasingly well established , with estimated annual growth even exceeding 4 % over the last two quarters . Private employment has risen by more than 200,000 for each of the last ten consecutive months . And , yet , it is particularly in the US that commodity prices have been falling . The Economist 's euro-denominated Commodity Price Index , for example , has actually risen by 4 % over the 12 months ; it is only the Index in terms of dollars – which is what gets all the attention – that is down 6 % .
That brings us to monetary policy , the importance of which as a determinant of commodity prices is often forgotten . Monetary tightening is widely anticipated in the US , with the Federal Reserve having ended quantitative easing in October and likely to raise short-term interest rates sometime in the coming year .
This recalls a familiar historical pattern :
Falling real ( inflation-adjusted ) interest rates in the 1970s , 2002-04 , and 2007-08 were accompanied by rising real commodity prices ( Barsky and Killian 2002 , Frankel 2008 , Hamilton 2009 , Frankel and Rose 2010 ) .
Sharp increases in US real interest rates in the 1980s sent dollar commodity prices tumbling ( Frankel and Hardouvelis 1985 ) .
There is something intuitive about the idea that when the Fed ‘ prints money ' , the money flows into commodities , among other places , and so bids their prices up . But , what , exactly , is the causal mechanism ?
Monetary policy and commodity prices
In fact , there are four channels through which monetary policy affects real commodity prices , via the real interest rate ( aside from whatever effect it has via the level of economic activity ) .
First , the extraction channel ( Hotelling 1931 ) . High interest rates reduce the price of non-renewable resources by increasing the incentive for extraction today rather than tomorrow , thereby boosting the pace at which oil is pumped , gold mined , or forests logged .
Second is the inventory channel ( Frankel 1986 , 2014 ) . High rates also decrease firms ' desire to carry inventories . Think of oil held in tanks .
Third , the financialisation channel ( Hamilton and Wu 2014 ) . Portfolio managers respond to a rise in interest rates by shifting into treasury bills and out of commodity contracts – which are now an ‘ asset class ' .
Finally , the exchange rate channel ( Frankel 2006 ) . High real interest rates strengthen the domestic currency , thereby reducing the price of internationally traded commodities in domestic terms – even if the price has not fallen in foreign-currency terms .
US interest rates did not really rise in 2014 , so most of these mechanisms are not yet directly at work . But speculators are thinking ahead and shifting out of commodities today in anticipation of future higher interest rates in 2015 ; the result has been to bring next year 's price decrease forward to today .
The fourth of the channels , the exchange rate , has already been functioning . The end of quantitative easing in the US has coincided with moves by the ECB and the Bank of Japan in the opposite direction – toward enhanced monetary stimulus through their own versions of QE . The result has been an appreciation of the dollar against the euro and the yen . The euro is down 10 % against the dollar over the last year and the yen is down 13 % . That explains how so many commodity prices can be down in terms of dollars and yet up in terms of other currencies at the same time .
A version of this column was published at Project Syndicate .
References
Barsky , R , and L Kilian ( 2002 ) , “ Do We Really Know That Oil Caused the Great Stagflation ? A Monetary Alternative ” , in NBER Macroeconomics Annual 2001 , Bernanke B and K Rogoff ( eds ) , MIT Press : 137-183 .
The Economist ( 2014 ) , Commodity Price Index , 20 December .
Frankel , J ( 1986 ) , `` Expectations and Commodity Price Dynamics : The Overshooting Model '' , American Journal of Agricultural Economics 68 , no . 2 , May : 344-348 .
Frankel J ( 2008a ) , `` The Effect of Monetary Policy on Real Commodity Prices '' , Chapter 7 in Campbell , J ( ed . ) Asset Prices and Monetary Policy , U.Chicago Press : 291-327 , and NBER WP 12713 .
Frankel , J ( 2008b ) , `` An Explanation for Soaring Commodity Prices '' , VoxEU.org , 25 March .
Frankel , J ( 2014 ) , `` Effects of Speculation and Interest Rates in a “ Carry Trade ” Model of Commodity Prices '' , Journal of International Money and Finance , vol.42 , April : 88-112 . HKS RWP13-022 , HKS Summary , NBER WP 19463 .
Frankel J and G Hardouvelis ( 1985 ) , `` Commodity Prices , Money Surprises , and Fed Credibility '' , Journal of Money , Credit and Banking 17 , no . 4 , Nov. : 427-438
Frankel J and A Rose ( 2010 ) , `` Determination of Agricultural and Mineral Commodity Prices '' , Chapter 1 in Inflation in an Era of Relative Price Shocks , Reserve Bank of Australia : Sydney ) pp . 9-51 .
Hamilton , J ( 2009 ) , “ Causes and Consequences of the Oil Shock of 2007-08 ” , Brookings Papers on Economic Activity , Spring , pp . 215-259 .
Hamilton , J D , and J C Wu ( 2014 ) , `` Risk Premia in Crude Oil Futures Prices '' , Journal of International Money and Finance , 42 , Elsevier , vol . 42 : 9-37
Hotelling , H ( 1931 ) , “ The Economics of Exhaustible Resources ” , Journal of Political Economy , 39 , no . 2 , 137-75 .
Every day , new parents across the country are confronted with the question of whether to circumcise their infant sons . Here are the strongest arguments for and against circumcision :
FOR
Penis tans more evenly
Kid already European enough as it is
Never have to wash genitals
Lots of really cute cuts available these days
Frames the balls better
Baby will probably have some leftover painkillers
Not our penis we 're talking about here
AGAINST
Penis loses value once removed from original packaging
Get to describe baby as “ my fully intact son ”
Mohel looks like he 's had about eight cups of coffee
Probably have to do some paperwork
Not performing circumcision immediately after birth allows parents to hold it threateningly over son 's head for rest of life
Traditional family gathering just as enjoyable without foreskin
Some individuals wary of having someone cut off a piece of their penis with a knife
Mirroring its rollout of free VoIP calling for iOS , Facebook has updated its Messenger app for Android to allow free calling for users in the US . The free calling service launched for Canadian Android users in early March , so today 's announcement greatly broadens the scope of the company 's efforts to become the one way we all communicate digitally . In order to call a friend for free using Facebook Messenger , tap the `` i '' button inside a conversation and then select Free Call . You do not need to update the Messenger app to use the feature . If you 're using Chat Heads to message friends , you 'll need to tap the three `` more info '' dots next to a person 's name to move the conversation to the Messenger app before you can make a call .
The social network says that as of today , 24 countries now have access to VoIP calling on Android . A Facebook engineer told us a few weeks ago that launching VoIP calling added up to `` only a blip '' on the company 's servers , so a global rollout should n't be too far down the road . Considering the breakneck pace at which Facebook plans to update its new Home launcher for Android , it also should n't be long before making calls feels as integrated as messaging with Chat Heads .
Turkey , US dismiss Seymour Hersh report
ANKARA
REUTERS Photo
The Turkish government has strictly ruled out Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative journalist Seymour Hersh 's claims that Ankara was behind the August 21 chemical weapons attack in Syria , while particularly referring to an earlier statement of denial on the issue by the White House. “ It is completely lie and slander , ” Deputy Prime Minister Bülent Arınç said late on April 7 in response to a question at a press conference held after a Cabinet meeting . Arınç , also the spokesperson for the government , rushed to respond the question when they noticed that it referred to Hersh 's report , without even waiting for the journalist to finish their question sentence.Apparently prepared for the question , Arınç said they would like to read a statement on the issue which they received from the Turkish Foreign Ministry . “ It is definitely not true , ” Arınç quoted the statement which referred to a White House statement which was issued earlier.Arınç cited the Turkish Foreign Ministry 's statement as underlining that , in addition to denying the claims by Hersh , the White House statement has actually confirmed the Syrian regime was behind the August 21 attack . The report is solely based on information and hearsays the sources of which could not be named by Hersh , Arınç added.Earlier , the White House had reacted . “ We have seen Mr. Hersh 's latest story , which is based solely on information from unnamed sources and which reaches conclusions about the Aug. 21 , 2013 chemical weapons attack in Syria that are completely off-base , ” National Security Council ( NSC ) Spokesperson Caitlin Hayden said April 6.In an article published by the London Review of Books , Hersh suggested the sarin gas attack on a Damascus suburb on Aug. 21 was actually carried out by Syrian rebels , acting at the behest of Turkey , for the purpose of providing a pretext for a U.S. attack on Syria . “ We now know it was a covert action planned by [ Prime Minister Recep Tayyip ] Erdoğan 's people to push [ U.S. President Barack ] Obama over the red line , ” Hersh quoted a former intelligence official. “ Our senior military officers have been told by the DIA and other intelligence assets that the sarin was supplied through Turkey – that it could only have gotten there with Turkish support . The Turks also provided the training in producing sarin and handling it. ” the official reportedly said.When the chemical attack took place in Syria on Aug. 21 , Obama ordered the Pentagon to draw up plans for bombing Syria , Hersh quoted a former intelligence official . “ The White House rejected 35 target sets provided by the Joint Chiefs of Staff as being insufficiently ‘ painful ' to the al-Assad regime. ” But , Obama changed their mind and relied on Congress approval over concerns among some U.S. military and intelligence officials that the Turkish government could have supported “ dabbling with a sarin attack inside Syria—and forcing Obama to make good on their red line threat. ” The veteran journalist also suggested the attack on a U.S. consulate and CIA mission in Benghazi , Libya in 2012 , which killed four Americans , including the ambassador to Libya , is linked to the infighting over Syria.He suggested the CIA organized the shipment of weapons stockpiles from Benghazi to the Syrian opposition.Citing a “ highly classified annex ” of a report by the Senate committee that investigated the Benghazi attack , they said the document referred to “ a secret agreement ” reached in early 2012 between the Obama and Erdoğan administrations. “ By the terms of the agreement , funding came from Turkey , as well as Saudi Arabia and Qatar ; the CIA , with the support of MI6 , was responsible for bringing arms from Gadhafi 's arsenals into Syria , ” reportedly read the document.According to the report , after the killing of the U.S. ambassador in Benghazi , “ The United States was no longer in control of what the Turks were relaying to the jihadists , ” the former intelligence official said , according to the report.The White House referred to on-record rebuttals they provided to Hersh 's fact checker in advance of the publication from the ODNI Director of Communications and Spokesperson Shawn Turner and National Security Council Spokesperson Caitlin Hayden.Elaborating on the weapons moving from Libya and the suggestion that others could have been responsible for the Aug. 21 chemical weapons attack which Hersh suggested , a statement by Shawn Turner refuted the claims as follows. “ We 're not going to comment on every inaccurate aspect of this narrative , but to be clear : the al-Assad regime , and only the al-Assad regime , could have been responsible for the chemical weapons attack that took place on Aug. 21 . We have made that judgment based upon intelligence collected by the United States and by our partners and allies . It is a view that is shared overwhelmingly by the international community and has led to unprecedented cooperation in the dismantling of al-Assad 's chemical weapons stockpiles . The suggestion that there was an effort to suppress or alter intelligence is simply false . Likewise , the idea that the United States was providing weapons from Libya to anyone is false. ” Turner dismissed the suggestion about a classified paper on the Syrian rebels ' chemical weapons capabilities . “ No such paper was ever requested or produced by Intelligence Community analysts , ” Turner stated.Caitlin Hayden also refuted Hersh 's claims about a military plan regarding Syria. “ The notion that the President ordered our military to undertake action in Syria by a fixed deadline of Sept. 2 , 2013 is completely fabricated . ”
Shark attack : NSW surfer bitten at North Shelly Beach says it could have 'easily taken my hand or arm '
Updated
A surfer who was bitten by a shark on the New South Wales Central Coast says it was like re-watching the Mick Fanning attack and they are lucky to have escaped with only minor injuries .
Justin Daniels , 42 , from Berkeley Vale suffered minor puncture wounds to their left hand after being bitten close to shore about 6:15am at North Shelly Beach , north of Gosford .
`` It easily could have taken my hand or arm or come back for me . I am lucky . It was frightening , '' Mr Daniels said .
`` You are being attacked by a live animal ... It is survival , I was in a zone and I just wanted to get out of there . ''
The father of two said it was like re-living the July shark attack on champion surfer Mick Fanning , which they watched on live television .
`` I had to swim to my board , exactly [ like that ] situation . I did n't face it like Mick did . I turned away and ran , swam , '' Mr Daniels said .
They said the attack happened so close to shore if you could have been any beachgoer attacked .
`` Any child could be swimming in the gutter , anyone could have been going out for a swim , '' Mr Daniels said .
`` I was n't out on a bank or on a reef or deep water area . It was straight off the shore .
Sorry , this video has expired Video : Surfer bitten on hand by shark recounts attack ( ABC News )
`` One of the first thoughts [ I had been ] my little daughter is five and they are already scared of sharks . ''
Mr Daniels said they believed the shark was about six foot in length and came from underneath their board .
`` All I remember is the loud thud of hitting my board and me going up so it must have come from underneath , '' they said .
`` I think what has happened is my hand was on the side of the board here when it hit me and that is where I got a tooth mark .
`` I saw it was submerged , it was under me thrashing and I was just shaking and [ trying ] to break free . That is when I saw my board on the right side and swam towards my board . ''
Surfers did n't realise there was an attack until getting back to beach
Mr Daniels was treated at the scene by fellow surfer and off-duty Westpac rescue helicopter pilot Graeme Anderson .
Mr Anderson said a group of eight were surfing at the time and Mr Daniels was just paddling out when the shark came at him .
`` The shark ... nicked their hand as it came through and latched onto the nose of this board , shook them around for a little bit , pulled them off their board , or pulled the board away from him , then Justin was able to swim back to the beach , '' they said .
`` We all paddled into shore and examined Justin 's board . Once we got them up to the car park we assisted with first aid . ''
They said when they were alerted to the attack in the water , most of the group did not believe it .
You wo n't see them , but [ sharks are ] there all the time . It was just unfortunate Justin happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time . Graeme Anderson , surfer who assisted shark victim
`` Once we saw how frantic Sam [ another surfer ] was , we thought there 's something else going on here , '' Mr Anderson said .
`` It was n't until we actually got to the beach we realised there 'd been an actual attack .
`` Justin was pretty well shaken about but they handled it really well . ''
Mr Anderson said a large seal and a lot of bait fish had recently been in the same area the 42-year-old man was attacked .
`` We 've had a rather large seal out in the surf with us for the last month or so , so there 's obviously a lot of bait fish around and the seal was there this morning at the same place where the shark attacked Justin , '' they said .
Mr Anderson is part of a group of surfers that go to Shelly Beach early morning and said every now and then Mr Daniels joins them .
They said the attack had not worried them too much and they would try and go for another surf today .
`` You wo n't see them , but [ sharks are ] there all the time . It was just unfortunate Justin happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time , '' Mr Anderson said .
Shaun Hilton was also out surfing when the attack occurred and took a photo of Mr Daniels after the incident .
`` The damage to their hand is relatively minor in consideration to what could of happened , but he 'll get some stitches and get their board fixed and he 'll be back in the water . ''
'Shark culling should be considered '
The attack is the first reported shark-related incident on the NSW Central Coast this year , but the 15th attack on the state 's coastline this year .
Mr Daniels acknowledged surfers and swimmers take a risk entering the water , but said shark culling should be considered as a potential solution to the increased attacks .
`` I love animals as much as anyone but I am not going to sit here and say they should n't cull them if there is a problem and relevant scientists deem there is an overpopulation , '' they said .
Mr Daniels said with attacks `` up and down the coast '' , the water is not safe for surfers or swimmers .
A 65-year-old man suffered lacerations to the bone on their leg in a shark attack at Black Head Beach north of Forster , on the mid-north coast , on Friday .
While last month a bodyboarder was bitten by a shark at Lighthouse Beach , south of Port Macquarie , also on the mid-north coast . SLSNSW said at the time it hoped the attack was a one-off incident for the area .
Further up the north coast , a surfer was mauled to death in the Ballina area in February and 11 others have been attacked in recent months on the NSW north coast .
Surf Life Saving NSW said Shelly Beach was now closed after the attack .
Topics : animal-attacks , shelly-beach-2261
First posted
1 . The little things you do to temporarily relieve your social anxiety can be hurting you .
Those things like getting your phone out and pretending to text to look busy , or playing with your sleeves when you do n't know what to do with your hands , or looking around the room so you do n't have to give anyone eye contact . These are called Safety Behaviours and we all have our own versions of them , things that help us cope in a social situation . We think that they 're helping us to relieve our social anxiety while in fact they are only perpetuating our anxiety in the long-term , they maintain our social anxiety because we think we ca n't cope without them . They may not make things worse but by doing these things to cope , we are stopping ourselves from being truly comfortable in social situations .
2 . You can get through this .
Social Anxiety does n't have to rule your life forever . There are things you can do to overcome your anxiety including different kinds of therapy & medication or if you 're not ready for that you can research by reading books or join supportive groups for people with anxiety .
3 . You can make friends , you can be loved .
It 's easy to fall in to the social anxiety trap and start believing that you 'll never make friends and you 'll never be loved . It 's also easy to believe that even if you already do have friends or a partner , that you 're not good enough for them or they do n't like you as much as they say . Social anxiety tricks us into thinking mean things about ourselves , which is usually bullshit because you ARE worth loving and you can have friends .
4 . Do n't take it personally if you do n't get invited when you usually decline .
I remember getting so upset when I was n't invited to parties and other social events when my social anxiety was at its peak but when I really thought about it , would I have gone to those parties or events anyway ? Probably not . You see , if I have a party I do n't tend to invite the people who never turn up or always decline but that does n't mean I do n't want them there , I obviously do . They 're my friends . I just assume that they 're not into parties and that 's cool with me . I have my party friends , my coffee friends , my stay indoors and chat shit friends…
If you want to be invited just in case you might actually go to the event , then let your friend know . Tell them , “ I know I usually do n't come to your events because * X REASON * but that does n't mean I do n't want to . I 'd love to be invited even if I have to decline just in case on the odd chance , I can actually come . ”
If my friends who always decline invites to my parties said that to me , I 'd feel much better inviting them in future . Usually I feel like I might be annoying them with event invites otherwise .
5 . It 's Okay to need medication .
Do n't let anyone shame you or guilt you about needing medication . Some people may find that prescription medication have given them nasty side affects and they may not be a long-term solution for everybody but in no way does that mean you ca n't use them . If that 's what helps YOU , then you keep doing what you 're doing . For lots of people , medication is a necessary first step to overcoming anxiety and there is no shame in that .
6 . Overcoming Social Anxiety needs a lot of work .
There 's not really any quick fix and even when you 're receiving help for you social anxiety , you will be the person putting in all of the work . You have to be ready and willing to work at it . A lot of the times I went to therapy , I did n't come out with the results I wanted . I blamed therapy for not working or being very good but the true reason it did n't work , was me . I would n't open up enough . I 'd lie and say I did the exercises when I did n't or I 'd simply not do the exercises because they were scary . Sometimes I 'd make out that I was fine when I was n't so that I would n't have to go to therapy anymore . After a complete mental breakdown , I realised I had to do something . I found myself committed and I tried therapy one more time . It worked . I overcome more of my social anxiety in that 5 months or so than I had in the previous 9 years of therapy .
And the work should n't just stop after you 've finished therapy or medication etc . You need to keep at it . Keep exposing yourself to social situations that scare you , keep challenging your anxiety .
7 . You 're not weird because you have Social Anxiety .
This crappy disorder is something that you have , that 's out of your control , it 's not who you are . Who you are is a strong person who battles a mental illness every day ! A mental illness that unfortunately lots of people suffer from . The things that make you feel like you 're weird when you 're anxious , somebody out there can relate . I 'm sure I can relate too ! I 've done some funny stuff because of my social anxiety that seemed odd to me at the time , but since making this blog and talking to all of you lovely people who also have social anxiety , I realise that those things are a normal reaction for us and it 's cool with me .
8 . It 's perfectly fine to take a break .
Facing your fears day after day is exhausting . Emotionally and physically . Take a day off once in a while and give yourself time to recharge . Watch some movies , read a book… do whatever you like to do to relax .
9 . If you 've done nothing wrong , no one has a reason to hate you .
Does your social anxiety keep telling you that people hate you , or that they 're laughing at you behind your back ? Most of the time that 's just social anxiety talking and it 's not true but if someone does dislike you and you have n't done anything to hurt them , that 's their own problem , not yours .
You 're not going to please everyone in life , as much as you might want to but you can expend an enormous amount of energy trying to please everyone even if it does n't work . The best thing to do , is just be yourself . If someone does n't like you for who you are then why go out of your way to please them ? They 're not worth your time .
10 . Eating & Sleeping well can make a huge difference .
Sometimes it 's hard as hell to sleep when you have anxiety . Up all night , tossing and turning , thinking of the worst possible scenarios . It 's just that when you 're tired , you feel more anxious so getting a good nights sleep is important . I 've tried lots of things to help me sleep when I 'm anxious and the things I 've found that are most helpful is listening to rain or wave sounds , using my fitbit to track my sleep and getting exercise outdoors during the day , also not eating after 7/8pm .
Limiting processed sugar , alcohol and caffeine can also go a long way to reducing your anxiety . I found that eating wheat also makes my anxiety worse , it makes me all bloated and sluggish which makes me anxious because I 'm all tired , bloaty and gross .
11 . You 're the only person that remembers that slightly embarrassing thing that happened 5 years ago .
You replay it in your head over and over again , even though it happened years ago and nobody else even thinks about it . You 're probably the only person who remembers and even if anybody else did remember , they 're definitely not thinking about it as often as you are and it definitely did n't lessen their opinion of you . Everyone does and says embarrassing things now and again , even the coolest , most confident of people .
12 . Avoidance is n't the answer .
Avoiding everything that makes you anxious is only going to maintain your Social Anxiety , it will never help you get through it . You do n't have to jump off the deep end . Just take gradual small steps to make your anxiety smaller . It 's better to go forwards ever so slightly than to stay stuck in your social anxiety forever .
Share this : Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
We 've reached a midpoint in the 2013 NFL campaign . How will the rest of the season play out ? Our analysts provide their predictions , covering the major individual awards , playoff teams for each conference and picks for Championship Sunday/Super Bowl XLVIII .
Click here to glance back at our analysts ' preseason predictions .
SUPER BOWL XLVIII
Judy Battista : Seahawks over Broncos . Nothing to change since the preseason . The Seattle defense will be the difference .
Gil Brandt : Seahawks over Bengals . The pregame hype will be about the battle between two rising young stars at quarterback : the mobile threat of Russell Wilson vs. the pocket-passer ways of Andy Dalton . However , I think Seattle 's dominant back four of Richard Sherman , Brandon Browner , Earl Thomas and Kam Chancellor will be the difference .
Albert Breer : 49ers over Bengals . Oh ... Maybe this is why my gut feeling in the NFC title game is what it is : I 'm just stubborn and sticking to my preseason pick . No reason to back away from it now . A rematch of a classic Super Bowl ( XXIII ) , this time in the cold , with San Francisco taking another nail-biter .
Bucky Brooks : Seahawks over Broncos . The Legion of Boom is the only secondary capable of slowing down the Broncos ' dynamic receiving corps . Richard Sherman , Brandon Browner and Walter Thurmond maul Eric Decker , Demaryius Thomas and Wes Welker on the perimeter , while a fleet-footed set of rushers get after Peyton Manning in the pocket .
Jeff Darlington : Broncos over Seahawks . We all rightfully have our concerns , based specifically on their career 's history , about what will happen when Peyton Manning reaches the playoffs . I just believe he 's playing legendary football right now with a worthy supporting cast . It began as Peyton 's season ... and it will end the same .
Elliot Harrison : Broncos over Seahawks . While Seattle matches up well defensively with the Broncos , the Seahawks ' offense has been hit-or-miss . Russell Wilson needs help , and even with a great defense on their side , Seattle still would need to score 30 points to win . Doubtful -- unless Percy Harvin makes a huge impact . Should be a great game either way .
Daniel Jeremiah : Seahawks over Colts . In a rematch from Week 5 , the Seahawks ' defense gets the best of the Colts ' offense , and Pete Carroll gets to celebrate their first Super Bowl victory .
Silver : Predictions revisited Michael Silver reassesses their preseason predictions -- and says he 's sticking with a READ
reassesses their preseason predictions -- and says he 's sticking with a Bengals-Seahawks Super Bowl
Kimberly Jones : Broncos over Saints . In a shootout , Peyton takes home the trophy on Eli 's home field .
Ian Rapoport : 49ers over Broncos . Once again , sticking with my preseason pick because I 've seen nothing to change my mind . This year , the Niners make that final play on the goal line to secure this version 's legacy .
Adam Schein : 49ers over Broncos . After coming within a few yards last season , the Niners snag their Lombardi Trophy , and Jim Harbaugh can finally smile .
Michael Silver : Seahawks over Bengals . I 'm cutting and pasting what I wrote before the season , because it still looks pretty , pretty good : Seattle 's secondary shuts down the Cincy passing attack and destroys Andy Dalton , but the MVP trophy goes to Russell Wilson after a decisive 'Hawks triumph .
Thank You ! Your comment is awaiting approval .
A Guy Who Know Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 09:07AM Who cares ? The fact of the matter is that Rice approached UH for the sale . If your going to be mad at someone look at the Rice Administration .
Who cares Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 09:29AM This is really sad . While UT is trying to come up with TV deals to make their school yet more money to improve structure and keep tuition low , U of H is figuring out how to spend more money while at the same time raising tution at many times the rate of inflation and cry that they do n't have any choice but to do it . And for what ? Another FM radio stations during the time when most people have access to the internet , and HD radio and yet fewer people give a crap about classical music . If they wanted to have just an NPR news station and a separate classical station , they could implement fully what they are doing now with KUHF HD1 , and HD2 and use online streaming for people at home . HD radio is standard now in most cars and most new car stereos and it 's free . Shame on you U of H for wasting students ' money on such a worthless project .
Robert Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 09:37AM Thank you , Texas Watchdog , for this news storey . As a University of Houston alum , I expected more from UH . The matter regarding KTRU has tarnished UH . It is shameful . I think there needs to be a formal legal investigation to see if any laws have been broken . If UH purposely , systematically deceived , what else has been done that we do n't know . What other laws have been broken ? KTRU is a great radio station that deserves to be on the air in Houston . Please help keep KTRU on the air : http : //savektru.org/
clr55 Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 09:43AM There is nothing unusual about creating a cover story when performing due dilligence prior to an acquisition . Confidentiality is almost always a key , and a good cover story is the norm .
Chris Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 09:50AM I am a Rice alumnus , and a long time KTRU supporter , so I guess I 'm biased . When is lying ever right ? The Rice administration would n't have lied unless they knew what they were doing was wrong . The absolute opposite of the sort of transparency that the administration claims to support . I guess we are supposed to judge them by their words and not their actions .
mfeezy Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 09:51AM All this says is that all parties wanted to stay in front of and try to manage the public perception of the upcoming sale , with the most `` egregious '' foul being to ask Rice to concoct a cover story to lower-level KTRU employees about why an engineer was doing a physical inventory . Not sure I see the sinister plot in this . Keep in mind that Rice was eager to sell the station and obviously knew about everything . I fail to see any wrongdoing , just upset feelings from those who wanted to keep things as is ( which never would have happened anyway because someone would have bought the station ) .
Gary Packwood Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 09:54AM Quoting from the article ... ... Rice had wanted to put the radio station up for sale in 2008 , but it was delayed , according to the missives . : : And Rice approached UH for the sale . What else matters ? : : GP
KFD Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 10:11AM Who cares ? It is radio . Rice approached UH . Watchdog ? Give me a break . More interesting news for them to cover would be who 's dog keeps crapping in my yard than this story .
dbcsez Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 10:13AM Excellent report . I 'm one KTRU/Rice alumnus who is upset at the Rice and UH administrations , as well as the directorship and staff of KUHF , some of whom are friends or acquaintances of mine . This deal has been rotten on all corners from day one . The FCC will certainly get my input , and I hope yours as well . Just as importantly , KTRU has been a tremendously influential presence on the FM band since its genesis in 1971 . It has inspired thousands of musicians , a hundred of thousands of listeners , and dozens of other college radio stations . Uncounted bands that went on to garner international fame got their first airplay on KTRU and its kindred stations . Confining KTRU to the Internet , where it 's rather difficult to listen to it away from home , does a grave disservice to the cultural environment of Houston , paving over history in that way for which our city is infamous .
Marc Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 10:15AM mfeezy - the entirety of KTRU 's staff was kept in the dark about this deal . That 's where the `` sinister '' portion lies . The Rice administration decided to sell off the station 's tower & frequency without consulting either the student population or the [ almost entirely volunteer ] staff that runs the station . Students built the station from the ground up , and Rice 's actions are not only inconsiderate , but a violation of the trust - as they claim to operate in an open and honest manner .
to bad Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 10:32AM Deal is done , and almost all big time transactions have to mislead aspect to them . Rice is mad because : 1. they approached UH 2 . UH got over 3 . Rice students were left in the dark by Rice BOR . enough said .
mfeezy 's wife Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 10:35AM Hey mfeezy , I ... umm .. need to work on a project tonight . I 'll be home late . Do n't wait up ! ( he approached me first , so it 's okay , right ? )
KUHF fan Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 10:37AM I love KUHF and NPR but something has to be done with that corrupt CEO John Proffitt - who does n't give a damn what the community wants . The man is lacking integrity , and it 's bringing the station down , down , down .
-db Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 10:40AM The only issue I have with UH is -- why ? Almost $ 10 mil to purchase a tool for broadcasting more programming they will need to buy . It will dilute their current ratings , which mean nothing ( no advertising to sell ) , and make it even more obvious that they create no real local programming of any interest . KTRU off the dial will be one less station you can tune to that begs for money . RICE on the other hand should be ashamed . They are stealing an `` asset '' from the students who built it with their own minds and hands , selling it off without even the courtesy of asking . Secrecy during the negotiations is understandable , but not telling the kids at the station that they were even contemplating the sale is underhanded . RICE has n't even THANKED the KTRU staff and alums for their almost $ 10 mil 'donation ' to the general fund -- probably the largest individual student donation to the university in its history . That the funds are needed to pay for the construction of a new student servery is a poor excuse . Surely there are donors who would pay for naming rights on a building . I 'm not expecting them to call it the `` KTRU Memorial Kitchen '' ... BTW -- the students did n't need to be in the dark about the pre-sale inventory process . Only wires leave the station itself - all of the transmission infrastructure is off-campus , and no students ever go there . Proffitt was a 'major player ' in the deal and they came to speak at the protest at RICE with the students ? Grrr .
Ahmhip Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 10:47AM clr55 thinks it is OK to be crooked , underhanded , sneaky , lying , and fraudulently misrepresenting when running a business . I never ran mine that way , and it was a huge success .
Cort Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 11:25AM I 'm trying to figure out which part of this depresses me more . the fact that many people are erroneously thinking that the radio and TV stations have any impact on student life ( including tuition ) at UH , the fact that people still think that `` HD radio '' is a viable format , or the fact that many of my fellow UH alums apparently ca n't spell . KTRU was a vanity project for a bunch of self-absorbed little proles , who thought they were Making An Important Statement by putting the latest avant-garde combo from Reykjavik into heavy rotation . Good riddance to it . At the very least , having a full-time NPR station in the 4th biggest city in America provides a welcome balance to all that rot going on further down the dial . The classical remains , filling a proven community need . Rice 's radio nerds will surely find sanctuary with the Gentle Hippies at KPFT , so everyone 's happy . Now , if the KUHF brain trust could find a way to play jazz and Texas blues late at night , all will be right with the world .
Disappointed Alum Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 12:00PM As a Rice alum , I have lost respect for current Rice president Leebron . I now question everything they say . Whether they are getting quoted in the media such as the Houston Chronicle , or they are giving the official party line in Rice University controlled publications that get mailed out to alumni asking for money , they no longer has credibility . Leebron lies .
Gentry Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 12:01PM So now administrative staff at both institutions will waste even more time responding to e-mails from torqued off alums and students of both schools . Folks , what it comes down to is that this is the radio business ... commercial or nonprofit , it does n't matter ... it 's radio . Stations get sold and stations get bought and from my experience in the business there 's always a good cover story so that the staff at the station being sold do n't complicate the process . Is it right ? Who knows . It 's the way its done . Get over it . Move on .
Rice Grad Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 12:04PM `` with the most `` egregious '' foul being to ask Rice to concoct a cover story to lower-level KTRU employees about why an engineer was doing a physical inventory . '' The people at KTRU were not `` lower-level employees . '' They were students operating a student organization that was created and run by students for over 40 years . The relationship of a university to its students is not that of an employer to its employees . The university is supposed to manage student organizations in trust for the students who pay tuition to attend the school , not sell its ( donated ) assets out from under them .
Foz Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 03:35PM you go mfeezy 's wife : - )
Action Needed Thursday , 11/11/2010 - 06:42PM Khator , Rierson , and Carlucci are three cronies from Univ . of South Florida and they are running UH down by their self-serving and unethical practices . They recruited each other from USF . The BOR members are political appointees with questionable ethics . There are no checks and balances left in the system ... Get rid of Khator , Rierson , and Carlucci and replace BOR members .
Shem Friday , 11/12/2010 - 12:22PM This is much ado 'bout nothing . Confidentiality is part of the process in negotiating such a high profile sale , as are the tactics to handle negative PR . Sorry to say , if you want to be upset , UH is not at fault here . Rice would seem to be more on the hook , and to be honest , not even that much . It is all about business , and nothing was violated in terms of the process .
JC Houston Friday , 11/12/2010 - 11:07PM Puh-LEEEZ .... I do n't see how this is news , much less a cover story . If there was n't a level of confidentiality about acquisitions of physical property then competitors/speculators have the opportunity to unfairly drive the price up ... I do n't see what the problem is . You snooze you loose . If you are interested in protecting taxpayer dollars , why would you advocate such deals be broadcast ( no pun intended ) to the world prematurely ? It 's good business practice to discuss such transactions in executive sessions or behind closed doors in accordance with the law , as a matter of due diligence . Let it go .
concerned citizens Saturday , 11/13/2010 - 03:45PM As per below link , an Obama commission is now proposing slashing up to $ 500,000,000 in funding to NPR . Does it really make sense for KUHF to be going into expansion mode in this kind of environment ? /www.radioink.com/Article.asp ? id=2018013 & spid=24698
Don Tuesday , 11/16/2010 - 03:19AM The deal is not wasteful . Here are some facts that may ease the mind of some of you . http : //app1.kuhf.org/houston_public_radio-news-display.php ? articles_id=1282158381
OUTRAGED asylum seekers believe that they have been “ denied Christmas celebrations ” at a Direct Provision centre on the outskirts of Limerick , the Limerick Leader has learned .
It is understood that residents at Knockalisheen Accommodation Centre had been planning a gathering within the communal space on Christmas day . All residents were invited to attend .
It is understood that after dozens of residents raised money to fund food , non-alcoholic drinks and goodie bags , residents were not able to avail of the communal space on Christmas evening .
“ The plan was to dress up and just spend Christmas together . That way , we were going to have food later as well , ” sources said . It is understood that around 40 people , including a number of Muslims , contributed €5 to the event . Direct Provision residents earn just €21.60 a week .
It is understood that a staff member had been informed of the event , but that “ permission ” was not granted to host the celebration .
It is understood that they were unable to access the communal space on Christmas evening as the doors were locked .
“ Can you imagine having more than 50 children , dressed up in new clothes , waiting to go and celebrate Christmas with everyone , and then just be told that it is not going to happen ? ” sources said .
Sources have said residents feel they have been “ denied Christmas celebrations .
“ To rob the children of that opportunity to experience the joy of Christmas , it was just miserable , ” the Limerick Leader was told .
The Leader contacted Knockalisheen Accommodation Centre , but was advised to contact the Reception and Integration Agency , through the Department of Justice . The Leader contacted the Department of Justice on Wednesday morning , but did not receive a response at the time of going to print .
Solidarity councillor Cian Prendiville issued a statement to the Leader , condemning the matter : “ This highlights the complete inhumanity of the direct provision system . Children and families were denied their right to socialise together on Christmas , for no good reason .
“ For a long time we have described Direct Provision as like an open prison , and this just shows how right that comparison is , and how authoritarian and cruel this system is . As the great socialist Tony Benn said ‘ the way government treats refugees is very instructive because it shows how they would treat the rest of us if they could get away with it ' . The system of direct provision must go in 2018 , there can be no more half measures and delays . ”
The purpose of meditation is to be able to quiet the mind , not by making our mental chatter stop , but by allowing us to contemplate our every day thoughts as a spectator rather than engaging with each and every one of them as we normally do .
By getting some distance from our thoughts , we gain objectivity and a new sense of balance . In due course , our creativity increases : as our mind stops being focused all the time on the same subjects , there is an opening in our thoughts , a space for something new to be born .
Meditation opens the door that connects us to our intuition , inner guidance and creative self .
A lot of people are closed to the idea of meditation because stress makes them restless and so they feel they wo n't be able to sit still for any given period of time . However , meditation does n't always require stillness . And when our mind is particularly restless , a movement meditation might be even more useful for us .
So , what is a moving meditation or movement meditation ? It is no more than what its name suggests : meditation that involves movement . One of the most common ones is walking meditation ; an exercise that involves pacing with your mind focused on your movements , your breathing and the way your body feels . It 's an easy way to disengage from the mind 's chatter by focusing on the body .
The meditation in this post involves a series of movements and the singing or chanting of a mantra . Mantra is a Sanskrit word which means “ Sacred utterance ” , it is a sound , word or group of words that are used to aid concentration during meditation .
Which are the benefits of this type of meditation ?
1.- If your mind is scattered , having to focus on the movement and the mantra will force it to forget about everything else : there is no way you 'll be able to concentrate on singing and moving and also have space to think about any worries you might have . As soon as your mind wanders off you 'll lose track of the song or the movement , and therefore will be able to bring yourself back to the meditation . During traditional meditation if you get caught up in your thoughts , it might take you a while before you notice it , in this one , you 'll be aware as soon as it happens .
2.- It is a great way to start your morning , as the gentle movements will wake your whole body up and get you ready to start the day .
3.- Mantras have different meanings , some of them are about gratefulness , some about asking for peace and balance , by repeating them , we are also getting connected to this energy of balance and gratefulness .
4.- This meditation has also all the benefits of traditional meditation .
In the video below , you 'll be first taught the movements at a slow pace , while the mantra is sang on the background so you get familiar with both . Afterwards , you move on to the full meditation . The whole video lasts about 6 minutes , so you can hardly call it time consuming 🙂
The mantra sang is :
Ad Guray Nameh ( Mangala Charan Mantra )
Ad Gure Name , Llugad Gure Name , Sat Gure Name , Siri Guru De-Ve Name
It 's a mantra that dispels doubts and opens us up to receive guidance and protection .
You can find many more of their videos on Youtube , with different mantras and movements .
Hope you enjoy it !
Namaste ,
Paula
Responding to the suicide of Matsuri Takahashi , an employee at the Dentsu Inc. advertising agency on Christmas Day last year , the labor ministry will bolster regulations covering illegal overtime by making it easier to publicize the names of errant companies .
With the new measures to be implemented as early as next month , the ministry is aiming to prevent workers from dying or committing suicide due to overwork , but pundits brand the effort as lukewarm , saying the new rules do n't have enough teeth to force changes to Japan 's notorious corporate culture of excessively long work hours .
Under the latest measures released Monday , the monthly overtime threshold for the ministry to publicly shame companies will be reduced from the current 100 hours to 80 .
If a company illegally forces employees to work over 80 hours of overtime a month at more than two of its offices , the labor standards inspection office will instruct the company to rectify the situation . If no improvement is made , the ministry will make public the name of the company .
The ministry will also announce the company 's name if there are any cases of karoshi , or death from overwork , at more than two of its offices .
The current system took effect in May 2015 . So far , the ministry has announced the name of only one company , Chiba-based Ajis Co .
Under the Labor Standards Law , work hours are capped at eight hours a day or 40 hours a week .
But the law has been widely criticized as toothless since the cap can be removed with a signed agreement between a company and labor unions or representatives of more than half of its employees .
The new schemes will include preventive measures against power harassment as well as mental health problems .
Labor lawyer Ichiro Natsume said this latest government effort is meaningless .
“ It does not include any measures to actually prevent long working hours or death from overwork . It can not be effective , ” Natsume said .
“ Even by reducing conditions to release a company 's name from 100 hours to 80 hours , it is still too long given 80 hours is the threshold for a worker 's death to be recognized as karoshi . ”
They also said the government must place the cap at 60 hours a month together with a new regulation requiring an interval of at least nine hours between the finish of one shift and the start of the next .
“ Those two should be legalized together as a set in order to prevent death from overwork , ” Natsume said .
Akio Doteuchi , a senior researcher at NLI Research Institute , agreed , saying such a legal threshold should be put in place to ban extreme cases of overtime .
“ I once did such superlong overtime and it was extremely tough . Working such long hours of overtime is out of the question . It should be legally banned , ” Doteuchi said .
Japan 's notorious corporate culture of working excessively long hours sparked criticism following the case of Takahashi , who at age 24 jumped to their death from a corporate dormitory on Dec. 25 , 2015 , after they had put in more than 100 hours of overtime during one month .
According to the labor ministry , 151 people died in fiscal 2015 after racking up more than 80 hours of overtime in a month .
Their deaths were recognized as karoshi .
Former Democratic National Committee chairperson Howard Dean clearly does n't like President Obama 's budget .
Moments ago they tweeted their dismay actually saying , `` If this is true I may have to become an independant [ sic ] '' :
If this is true I may have to become an independant.businessweek.com/articles/2013-… — Howard Dean ( @ GovHowardDean ) April 15 , 2013
Ignoring their poor spelling , the link went to the following BusinessWeek article :
Although the White House does n't advertise this fact in the six-page budget overview it put out this morning , the new budget eliminates nearly all of the cuts that sequestration imposes on the Pentagon . Instead of $ 500 billion in cuts , Obama proposes only $ 100 billion , and you have to look closely to spot it ( “ $ 200 billion in additional discretionary savings , with equal amounts from defense and nondefense programs ” ) .
Methinks Mr. Dean wants more cuts in defense .
That said , will the Obama-loving media report the former DNC chairperson 's displeasure with the President 's budget ?
After all , someone who used to be that high up in the Democratic Party threatening to leave it should be newsworthy . Right ?
Stay tuned .
( HT Twitchy )
Walnut Creek is gearing up for what may be the Bay Area 's first pro-Johannes Mehserle rally as interest grows in the demonstration planned for Monday .
Chief Joel Bryden said Walnut Creek police are prepared for the event , dubbed the “ In Support of Johannes Mehserle and L.E.O . ( law enforcement officers ) Rally. ” It will be held outside Walnut Creek Superior Court , 640 Ygnacio Valley Road , near downtown .
“ We will have enough officers there and work with other agencies to make sure it 's a safe venue , ” said Bryden , who declined to provide a specific count on assigned personnel , or details about precautions .
The rally is scheduled for 2-5 p.m .
Mehserle , a former resident of nearby Lafayette , was convicted July 8 of involuntary manslaughter for killing 22-year-old Oscar Grant III , of Hayward , during an arrest Jan. 1 , 2009 , at the Fruitvale BART station in Oakland . While critics of the verdict said it was too lenient , supporters of Monday 's rally contend that Grant 's death was an accident . Mehserle testified during their Los Angeles trial that they intended to use a Taser instead of a gun on Grant .
The Contra Costa County Sheriff 's Office , which oversees courthouse security , is working with Walnut Creek police to cover what organizers say will be a “ peaceful ” event and not about “ inciting violence , destruction , intolerance , hatred , racism , riots or to upset the Grant family . ”
“ We want to make sure people who assemble exercise their First Amendment rights , and to make sure that court business does not get interrupted , ” sheriff 's spokesperson Jimmy Lee said .
The Walnut Creek rally seems to have been orchestrated solely through Facebook , with its key organizer remaining anonymous . Police have met with that woman to set “ parameters ” for the event , but Bryden said they did not know them name .
On the rally 's Facebook page , 95 guests say they will attend . Some who sought justice for Grant said they plan to show as well , to hear what Mehserle supporters have to say . When news of the rally broke Tuesday , comments on community blogs and ContraCostaTimes.com exploded . Posters , nearly all of them anonymous , expressed feelings ranging from support to rage . Many said a show of support for Mehserle was long overdue ; some said they wanted to speak up for Mehserle sooner but were too scared .
Others vented their distrust of police , one calling the rally “ in support of police brutality. ” Other commentators said the media , including this newspaper , is blowing the rally out of proportion to make it a circus .
Groups around Oakland , including one that met Thursday evening in West Oakland , are looking at ways to move forward , including disarming BART police and pushing for the indictment of former BART officers Tony Pirone and Marysol Domenici , as well as ending what they see as police brutality .
One man attending Thursday 's gathering said participants planned to organize committees to address those concerns .
Walnut Creek police have reached out to the Coalition for Justice for Oscar Grant , some of whose members plan to attend Monday 's rally .
Gary Pokorny , Walnut Creek 's city manager , said the demonstration will be kept within the courthouse parking lot . But they recommended that drivers avoid Ygnacio Valley Road on Monday afternoon , and consider alternative routes such as Treat Boulevard .
But some Walnut Creek residents are worried . Kerry Martinez said their feelings about the BART shooting case are secondary to their concern about public safety and traffic .
“ An event of this magnitude ca n't go down with this little information , ” they said . “ And what about the people who do n't know this is happening “ … and things go terrible ? ”
Bryden said Walnut Creek police are planning for the worst , but they do not expect anywhere near the level of the sometimes violent protest and looting that occurred in Oakland .
Some say Walnut Creek 's well-heeled majority white demographic creates a friendly environment for a pro-Mehserle protest .
Mayor Sue Rainey said they are not worried about how Walnut Creek is perceived . The city has encouraged more diversity . They do n't know why Walnut Creek was chosen over other cities .
“ We have had a lot of rallies held here on different topics , ” they said . “ People should be respectful and peaceful . We did n't organize it . But they have a right to have a rally . ”
Staff writer Angela Woodall contributed to this story . Contact Elisabeth Nardi at 925-952-2617 .
Follow them at Twitter.com/enardi10 .
The White House said Thursday afternoon that it would propose a $ 10 per barrel tax on oil in the budget it sends to Congress , and the oil lobby was quick to respond .
The administration estimated $ 32 billion a year raised from the tax would be used to fund green transportation and infrastructure improvements . ( The White House proposal applies to domestic oil production and oil imports , the Financial Times reported . )
The American Petroleum Institute , an oil and gas lobbying group , quickly said it opposed the proposal .
`` The White House thinks Americans are not paying enough for gasoline , '' API President and CEO Jack Gerard said in a statement .
The proposal amounts to a partial tax on carbon , a policy aimed at fully incorporating the negative impact of fossil fuel use into the market price . A tax of $ 10 per barrel is the equivalent of a roughly $ 27 per metric ton price on carbon for oil . Other forms of fossil fuels would not be affected by the proposal . If oil companies were to pass on the tax to consumers at the pump , it would raise prices by about 24 cents a gallon .
The API 's Gerard said the proposal would `` harm consumers that are enjoying low energy prices , destroy American jobs and reverse America 's emergence as a global energy leader ... On their way out of office President Obama has now proposed making the United States less competitive . ”
The Independent Petroleum Association of America is also unhappy with the proposal .
`` For the first time in years , the U.S. Congress recently passed a highway funding bill . The Administration had the opportunity to raise funding for our nation 's highways during that time . Why now , instead of then ? '' spokesperson Neal Kirby said in an email .
The current average national price for a gallon of oil is $ 1.77 , according to AAA . Oil prices have fallen dramatically in recent months , from just over $ 100 dollars a barrel to just over $ 30 a barrel on Thursday .
Shane Ferro contributed reporting .
CLOSE The San Bernardino , California chief of police says at least 14 people were killed and at least 14 more were injured in a mass shooting at a social services center . Police were still searching for as many as three gunmen . ( Dec. 2 ) AP
Law enforcement officers search for the suspects of a mass shooting Dec. 2 , 2015 in San Bernardino , Calif. ( Photo11 : AFP/Getty Images )
SAN BERNARDINO , Calif. — Gunmen burst into a social services center Wednesday and opened fire , killing at least 14 people and setting off an intense manhunt that ended with a gunfight and the death of two suspects — a man and a woman , authorities said .
Police Chief Jarrod Burguan said the killers walked into a meeting room at the Inland Regional Center , began shooting and quickly fled in a dark-colored SUV . Later , officers following up on a tip rushed to a home , and the suspects fled in an SUV .
A police chase and a shootout followed , Burguan said .
`` One male and one female were killed , '' Burguan said . They said the pair were dressed in military-style garb and were armed with assault rifles and handguns . One officer was wounded in the shootout , but the injuries were not life-threatening .
`` There was a third person seen running away , that person has been detained , '' Burguan said . They said it was not clear if the person was involved in the massacre . They also said there still might be a suspect at-large , and searches were continuing in the city 60 miles east of Los Angeles .
Burguan said 14 people were killed and 17 wounded in the shooting rampage at the center . It was the nation 's deadliest shooting since a gunman killed 26 people in Newtown , Conn. , in December 2012 .
Officers searching the building later found an explosive device that had not detonated . No motive had been determined , they said . County buildings in the area were shut down .
Witnesses said the shooters were armed with long guns , wearing ski masks and military-style vests . They opened fire in a conference area that the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health had rented out for an employee banquet , Marybeth Feild , president and CEO of the non-profit center , told the Associated Press .
One of the killers was identified as Syed Farook , according to a federal law enforcement source who is not authorized to comment publicly . Farook has been employed by the county , the source said .
Doyle Miller , the owner of the two-bedroom home where Farook resides in Redlands , Calif. , said Farook has lived there for five or six months . Miller said Farook moved in with their wife and a “ young child , ” who they think was just a baby . They said a grandmother also apparently lived there , though they are n't sure if it was Farook 's grandmother or the child 's .
Miller said they only met Farook once and had no problems with him ; “ the only thing we complained about is that they did n't take care of the back yard . ”
Farook 's brother-in-law , Farhan Khan , said at a Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) press conference Wednesday evening : “ On behalf of my family we all are shocked . We are completely shocked and had no idea . ”
Authorities are tracing the origin of the four weapons recovered — two assault-style rifles and two handguns — from the two dead suspects , a federal law enforcement official told USA TODAY . The official , who is not authorized to comment , said investigators are focusing on an incident , perhaps a workplace dispute , before the shooting in which one person became angry and left a gathering of employees . The person later returned with two others .
It was not immediately clear , according to the official , what prompted the apparent dispute . And it was not known whether the person who left the gathering had gone to the location to scout the target as part of a detailed plan to launch the attack .
Accounts of the pre-shooting dispute were being provided to investigators by witnesses who appeared to have consistent recollections of the events as they unfolded , the official said .
Federal authorities were not ruling out the possibility of terrorism , the official said , largely because of what appears to be detailed planning involved in the attack , including the number of suspects involved , the tactical clothing worn by the suspects and the attempted plan for escape . The involvement of a woman in the attacks also marks a very rare turn for similar domestic shootings , which typically involve male gunmen .
As police closed in , the suspects hurled what initially appeared to be explosives from their SUV — but they may not have been bombs , just items disguised as explosives in an attempt to distract pursuing investigators .
Another federal official who also could not comment publicly said no explosive devices were recovered in the vehicle where the bodies of two of the suspects were recovered . Authorities , however , were examining an apparent explosive device at the location of the mass shooting .
`` The information we have is they came prepared to do what they did , as if they were on a mission , '' Burguan said , adding that they were `` equipped to get away . ''
Burguan said police have not determined a motive for the rampage . Agents from the FBI , ATF and U.S . Marshal 's Service had joined the investigation
David Bowdich , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Los Angeles office , said it was too early to determine if the attack was terrorism-related .
`` This is a marathon , not a sprint , '' they said of the investigation .
Many of the injured were taken from the building on stretchers and strapped into gurneys . Loma Linda University Medical Center and Arrowhead Regional Medical Center said they received multiple patients from the shooting .
A woman cries at the scene of an active shooting on S. Waterman Avenue in San Bernardino , Calif. ( Photo11 : Richard Lui , The Desert Sun )
Marybeth Field , president and CEO of the Inland Regional Center , said the incident took place in a conference area that a county group had rented . They said about 25 employees work in the building , which provides services for people with developmental disabilities .
Terry Petit said their daughter texted to say they were hiding after gunfire erupted at the social services facility where they work . Petit choked back tears as they read the texts for reporters outside the center . They said they wrote : `` People shot . In the office waiting for cops . Pray for us . I am locked in an office . ''
Many area residents and concerned friends and family members congregated about a quarter-mile from the scene of the attack , near a gas station . Meredith Wiresinger said they had two friends in the center when the tragedy took place .
`` Thankfully they are OK . But you can see the fear from people who do n't what has happened to their loved ones , '' they said . `` You hear about tragedy , but today we are seeing it in real life and on people 's faces . They 've got to get these guns off the street . ''
Wilbert Aquino picked up their 10-year-old daughter from a nearby school .
`` We are just going to go home and stay there and wait until we hear more , '' they said . `` Thankfully , they are OK , but I 'm sure the kids are scared . ''
California Gov . Jerry Brown ordered that flags at the Capitol be lowered to half-staff .
`` Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims ' families and everyone affected by the brutal attack , '' Brown said in a statement . `` California will spare no effort in bringing these killers to justice . ''
.
Office workers wait in a parking lot on waterman ave in San Bernardino pic.twitter.com/I6HBFmAoO9 — RICHARD LUI ( @ rzlui ) December 2 , 2015
According to its Facebook page , 670 Inland Regional Center staff members provide services to more than 30,200 people in Riverside and San Bernardino counties . The center 's clients range from toddlers to seniors .
In Washington , a White House spokesperson said President Obama had been briefed by Homeland Security adviser Lisa Monaco about the shooting and has asked to be updated on the situation as it develops .
`` We do n't know that much yet , '' Obama told CBS News . `` It 's still an active situation . ''
The president said we do know that `` we have a pattern of mass shootings '' in the United States that have no parallel in other countries in the world . They again called for `` common-sense gun safety laws '' and improved background checks
`` It does n't happen with the same kind of frequency in other countries , '' Obama told CBS .
Stanglin and Bacon reported from McLean , Va . Contributing : Brett Kelman and Anna Rumer , The ( PalmSprings , Calif. ) Desert Sun , reported from San Bernardino ; Liz Szabo and Brad Heath from McLean , Va .
.
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1Qf8UE9
Winston Shrout admitted in court Thursday that they have n't paid taxes for nearly 20 years and created worthless documents that they sent to banks and the U.S. Treasury to relieve debts .
But the 69-year-old -- a Kentucky native , retired carpenter and prominent sovereign citizen who has gained a following across the country and abroad -- said they never intended to harm or defraud anyone .
Shrout took the witness stand in their own defense for nearly two hours at the end of a three-day trial on 13 counts of creating and issuing bogus financial documents and six counts of willful failure to file tax returns from 2009 through 2014 .
Jurors deliberated about two and a half hours in the afternoon before stopping for the day . They will resume Friday .
Government lawyers argued Shrout aimed to cheat the Treasury and banks , and preached their illegal schemes to hundreds of others in paid seminars . They purposely sent a package of 1,000 homemade International Bills of Exchange , each purporting to be a legal tender for a trillion dollars , to a small community bank in Chicago `` hoping to slip one by an unsuspecting banker , '' U.S. Tax Division trial lawyer Scott Wexler told jurors .
Shrout knew exactly what they were doing , Wexler said . Investigators found a copy of the U.S. Tax Code and the U.S. Department of Justice 's criminal tax manual on Shrout 's laptop computer , seized one night in the parking lot of The Grotto in Portland after they concluded a seminar there . The computer also contained an alert from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , cautioning banks and federal savings institutions to be on the lookout for the circulation of such fictitious financial documents , Wexler said .
Shrout was driven by `` simple greed , '' Wexler said . They earned a total of $ 562,224 from a carpentry pension , plus royalties and payments for their seminars , between 2009 and 2014 , the prosecutor said .
`` He intended to get and keep as much money as they could , '' Wexler said . `` The defendant knew they did n't have legal authority to print legal tender of the United States from their home computer . ... The defendant did n't file their tax returns because they did n't want to . ''
* *
During their testimony , Shrout swiveled their chair toward the 12-member jury and read from prepared notes .
They explained how they believed they had authority from Dr. Ray C. Dam of the Office of International Treasury Control to help address the problem of mortgage foreclosures in the United States . They met Dam during a trip to Cambodia in 2010 and said Dam appointed them to be a notary , judge and counsel for the organization .
`` The reason why I believe I can act upon this appointment is because the legal opinion of an international lawyer in Switzerland , '' Shrout said .
The office Shrout cited , though , is considered by the U.S. government a fraudulent organization that claims ties to the United Nations and the Federal Reserve .
Shrout said they joined what they estimated are about 65 million other people in what they called `` tax avoidance '' in the late 1980s after the Internal Revenue Service garnished their wages and they could n't pick up their regular carpentry paycheck .
They hired a tax consultant then . `` I had made errors in my filing . It 's easy enough to do , '' Shrout told jurors . They said they learned they had overpaid the IRS about $ 2,000 and was refunded only 10 percent of that .
`` That 's what caused me to delve into these matters , '' they said . `` My actions were based on the concept of tax avoidance , which I found to be perfectly legal . ''
During cross-examination , they did n't acknowledge that they earned `` income ' '' in the six years he 's accused of not paying taxes . `` I could never find a legal definition of the word income , '' they testified .
`` You can use any word you want , but you did receive funds , right ? '' interjected U.S. District Judge Robert E. Jones .
`` Correct , '' replied Shrout , who is representing themselves with the help of a standby lawyer , Ruben Iniguez .
Iniguez , an assistant federal public defender , told jurors the entire case rested on Shrout 's beliefs and their state of mind -- whether they had a `` good faith '' belief that they were acting lawfully .
Jurors may find Shrout `` a little crazy , '' but they did n't act willfully , even if their understanding of the law was unreasonable or wrong , Iniguez said .
`` Ignorance of the law – misunderstanding of the law is a defense because the tax law is so damn complicated , '' Iniguez said .
They called each of Shrout 's fake bills of exchange `` ludicrous on its face . '' While prosecutors described the blue decorative borders , account numbers , red thumbprints and Shrout 's signature on the documents as `` hallmarks of legitimacy , '' Iniguez said they failed to point out the words , `` Void where prohibited by law , '' which clearly made the documents worthless .
Using a Monopoly analogy , Iniguez argued that if someone hands a player game money worth a trillion dollars but it says `` void '' on its face , `` is that person really trying to defraud you ? ''
U.S. Tax Division trial lawyer Lee Langston said the void language on the fake documents was Shrout 's `` escape clause '' should they end up facing criminal prosecution .
Iniguez stressed that `` not a single penny was paid out or transacted by anyone '' as a result of the 13 fictitious documents Shrout is accused of sending either to a bank or the Treasury . They argued that the government simply is out to `` muzzle '' their client .
`` The government does n't like the fact people espouse these views , '' Iniguez said .
* *
Until their arrest , Shrout was `` the most prominent sovereign citizen guru remaining who had not been prosecuted on some charge , '' said Mark Pitcavage , senior research fellow with the Anti-Defamation League 's Center on Extremism .
`` Shrout was highly influential within the sovereign citizen movement — even some other sovereign gurus liked to boast that their seminars taught the 'Winston Shrout method , ' '' Pitcavage said . `` He had a great talent for looking folksy and spouting pseudo-legal gobbledygook that made all sorts of undeliverable promises to their gullible audiences . ''
The sovereign citizen movement includes people who hold complex antigovernment beliefs , and it 's been growing at a fast pace since the late 2000s , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . Sovereigns believe that they — not judges , juries , law enforcement or elected officials — get to decide which laws to obey and which to ignore , and they do n't think they should have to pay taxes . They believe the founding fathers set up the U.S. government based on common law , but its been usurped by admiralty law , the law of the sea and international commerce .
Shrout helped spread the movement to other countries , traveling to Australia , New Zealand and Great Britain to hold sovereign citizen seminars , Pitcavage said .
`` By 2008-2009 , they had catapulted themselves into the first rank of sovereign gurus , coming up with and promoting the pseudo-legal theories and tactics at the heart of the anti-government extremist movement , '' they said .
`` If prosecutors can secure a conviction , '' Pitcavage said this week , `` it could possibly even have a welcome dampening effect on the sovereign citizen movement , which has been growing steadily for years now . ''
-- Maxine Bernstein
mbernstein @ oregonian.com
503-221-8212
@ maxoregonian
A protester holds fake euros in Rome . ( Alessandro Bianchi / Courtesy Reuters )
Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti returned home from a successful visit to the United States over the weekend , having won the praise of U.S. President Barack Obama for the rapid economic reforms they have implemented since replacing Silvio Berlusconi in November . Obama 's endorsement followed plaudits on both sides of the Atlantic for Monti 's bold package of budget cuts , tax increases , and deregulatory measures . Yet although the prime minister has given the global financial markets hope that their country can climb out of its immediate fiscal emergency , Italy 's real dilemma is political , not economic . Unless Rome fundamentally alters its political culture , the changes that the Monti government has brought to Italy -- greater sobriety and a stiff dose of liberalization -- are unlikely to endure .
Monti , an academic and a former European Union commissioner for competition policy , took office to lead a unity government and enforce a program of austerity . They quickly persuaded the Italian parliament to pass a package of tax increases , pension reforms , and spending cuts that they called the Save Italy decree . Monti has also demonstrated that they will no longer tolerate Italy 's rampant tax evasion ; high-profile raids by the Guardia di Finanza ( tax police ) on resorts frequented by the rich and famous have sent a clear message to the wealthy professionals who drive luxury cars but declare lower incomes than factory workers . To compensate for the recessionary consequences of the Save Italy package , in January , Monti proposed a Growth Italy decree , designed to free up the service sector and inject competition into the economy .
Monti 's efforts have paid off . In only three months , for example , the yield on ten-year Italian government treasuries , which had exceeded seven percent -- the rate at which both Greece and Portugal had to seek bailouts -- has declined to 5.6 percent . Italy , it seems , is no longer on the brink .
Yet the question for Rome is whether
Now on Blu-ray and VOD
Now available on Blu-ray and VOD from WWE studios is the action thriller
, starring WWE hall of famer Adam “ Edge ” Copeland and current WWE diva C.J . “ Lana ” Perry . The story is about an FBI behavioral analyst and interrogation specialist ( Copeland ) , who plays a game with a bombing suspect in order to find out the location of an even bigger explosive device . It is an unfortunate misfire that does n't reach the same quality level of shows like
or terrorist dramas such as
( 2009 ) .
The story is n't really that bad and it features a rather atypical ending for this type of thriller ; however the script suffers from too much 1980 's rogue cop tropes , some weak dialogue at times , and not enough realistic decision making from the characters . It feels less like a film and more like an extended episode of a lower tier television show . Some of this could be attributed to poor casting choices , but a more polished script and less hokey scenarios might have improved the quality of the plot . I was quite surprised that they went for an R-rating , seeing as WWE television has gone more family friendly since becoming a publicly traded company . That being said , there is some language and Nazi imagery that makes an appearance .
The camera work from director Stephen Reynolds is finely done . All of their feature length productions so far have been WWE Studios movies , previously helming Vendetta , and 12 Rounds 3 : Lockdown . They do everything necessary to make this look interesting , providing nice establishing shots , decent camera angles and placement , and effective crane shots . The production values are superb as well , using multiple locations and real buildings in a downtown city setting . They also had access to various police vehicles and props that added to the realistic look of the picture . The score is basically your standard action score , which almost feels like stock music from a Michael Bay actioner .
The acting overall is fairly average . Copeland looks believable but just seems to have the same look and demeanor on their face through most of this . I do n't think that this type of character is best suited for him . They fit better in a role where they would be cracking jokes instead of having to be serious the whole time . There are several fighting sequences that they are involved in and they all come off as looking good . I 'm not sure if they actually performed all of their stunts , seeing as they had major neck surgery that forced them to retire from wrestling . Lana is more than passable as the attractive female computer tech geek . At least you get to see a different version of her , minus the Russian accent . The standout is Patrick Sabongui , who has an excellent performance as the bomber and essentially carries this motion picture .
I am totally going to out-act you at the next pay-per-view
Let 's not forget what this is , a straight-to-VOD and Blu-ray release . And it is n't necessarily pretending to be anything other than that . So it does provide the required gun fights , explosions , car chases , and fight scenes to fairly entertain the core demographic that WWE Studios is trying to reach . Regardless , it fails to impress like some of the other recent VOD actioners have .
Share this review before you get dropkicked !
-Raul Vantassle
OTTAWA—The Liberals have agreed to give up their complete control over recommending a new electoral system , requiring at least one other major party to support their ultimate proposal . Democratic Institutions Minister Maryam Monsef made the surprise announcement Thursday morning after weeks of criticism the Liberals were out to “ stack the deck ” on electoral reform .
Maryam Monsef , Minister of Democratic Institutions says the government will support an NDP motion that would see the committee 's membership reflect each party 's share of the popular vote in the last election . ( FRED CHARTRAND / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Monsef had originally proposed a Liberal-dominated committee , reflecting the results of election rules they and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau had pledged to change . Instead , the government will voluntarily give up their majority — retaining five seats , and allotting three to the Conservatives , two to the NDP , and one seat each for the Bloc Québécois and Green parties . “ We know there are a lot of good ideas out there , ” Monsef told reporters . “ And the purpose of coming together with the parties across the aisle today was to demonstrate that co-operation in this place is possible . ”
Article Continued Below
The committee structure was originally proposed by the New Democrats in February . NDP democratic reform critic Nathan Cullen argued a committee changing something so fundamental as how Canadians vote should reflect how Canadians actually voted in the last election . Cullen said requiring the support of more than just one party will go a ways to assuring Canadians the Liberals are n't rigging the game . “ Credibility is at the heart of this whole conversation . How can we construct a process on something so vital as our voting system that Canadians , both in perception and in reality , see as credible , ” Cullen said outside the House of Commons . “ What we saw from the minister today was the result of , I believe , some good faith negotiations in which the definition of a good deal is when all sides have to give up a little. ” Far from ending weeks of acrimonious debate over how Canadians vote , Thursday 's announcement seems to only have re-drawn the battle lines .
The Conservatives , adamant that any change to Canada 's electoral system need to be put to a national referendum , accused the Liberals and NDP of cooking up a “ backroom deal ” to push their preferred reforms . Conservative MP Scott Reid called the new committee “ wildly undemocratic ” and said that without a referendum , any proposed changes could be “ unconstitutional . ”
Article Continued Below
“ ( The committee ) is not a replacement for a referendum on something as fundamental as changing the way Canadians get to exercise their sacred franchise . . . to elect parliamentarians , ” Reid said . Reid said they and their Conservative colleagues were caught completely by surprise by Monsef 's announcement , and said it was inaccurate that the official Opposition was consulted . “ We were sideswiped and . . . would n't it make sense for the government to try and explain , demonstrate that they are capable of working with others rather than blindsiding others while talking a fine line about this ? ” Reid said . Monsef has not ruled out a referendum explicitly , but has repeatedly said she 's not convinced it 's the best way to go about judging Canadians ' buy-in . At the same time , they have said the Liberals wo n't move forward without “ widespread support ” of voters . Speaking to reporters later Thursday , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said they found it curious the Conservatives would demand a referendum — given they unilaterally changed elections rules through the Fair Elections Act when last in power . “ What we committed to in reforming our electoral system is listening , consulting , talking about the values that underpin our electoral system and making sure that the new system we will be bringing in reflects both the concerns and the values of Canadians , ” Trudeau told reporters in Ottawa . “ In so doing , we look forward to working with all parties in the House , we look forward to consulting broadly with Canadians . But the focus we have is on being inclusive and respectful while continuing to be committed to making electoral change happen. ” Once the committee is struck , it will have less than six months to report with recommendations to overhaul the electoral system . Monsef is also encouraging all MPs to hold townhalls in their ridings , and give them written submissions to what they hear . Trudeau has said before that they prefer a ranked ballot system , where voters could rank candidates in order of preference . Since taking power , however , the Liberals have been careful to say they do n't wish to prejudice the committee process . The Conservatives appear to prefer the status quo of the first-past-the-post system , but have focused their efforts on pushing for a national referendum on whatever system the government ultimately suggests . The New Democrats have long championed proportional representation , which advocates say would better reflect the popular will of voters . Cullen has previously said , however , that any improvement on first-past-the-post would be welcome . Whatever the outcome of the committee process , Elections Canada has said legislation would have to be put forward in early 2017 to make ready for the next federal election in 2019 .
Read more about :
A group of medical marijuana shop owners are suing the city of Long Beach alleging a series of escalating tactics and “ warrantless searches ” as a pretext to disrupt their businesses and shut them down .
One of the raids was captured on surveillance video last summer and was distributed on YouTube .
The lawsuit , filed in federal court in Los Angeles on Wednesday , alleges the city violated the business owners ' civil rights and violated their 4th Amendment rights against unreasonable searches and seizures .
City officials declined to comment citing the pending litigation .
$ 1M Excessive Force Claim Filed Against Long Beach Police
Dorian Brooks , a volunteer employee at a Long Beach marijuana dispensary , and their attorney filed an excessive force claim against the city of Long Beach , alleging police used excessive force when they raided the THC Downtown Collective in June . The bust was caught on surveillance cameras . Michelle Valles reports from Long Beach for the NBC4 News at 6 p.m. on July 5 , 2012 . ( Published Friday , July 6 , 2012 )
The people who filed the lawsuit are owners and operators of 11 non-profit medical marijuana collectives -- which distribute marijuana to shops operating in and around the city of Long Beach .
The lawsuit alleges that the city engaged in “ oppressive tactics ” to try and force out the shops , first by enacting city zoning laws and an illegal lottery issuing permits to some shops . When these tactics failed , the lawsuit said , the city began using more aggressive tactics such as arresting owners and operators for misdemeanor violations of zoning ordinances and then using “ warrantless searches . ”
“ The City of Long Beach initially attempted to stop medical marijuana collectives by enacting unlawful zoning laws banning all medical marijuana distribution , ” the lawsuit said . “ However , the zoning bans quickly proved ineffective as medical marijuana collectives successfully challenged them in court . ”
Long Beach Pot Plan
The city of Long Beach attempts to regulate medical marijuana dispensaries . ( Published Tuesday , Nov. 10 , 2009 )
When the city 's dozens of lawsuits seeking to close collectives failed , the lawsuit alleges , police were called in to use “ warrantless searches ” and search warrants secured by “ judicial deception ” to try to “ disrupt ” the shops .
The raids , in which police seized marijuana , money , vehicles and other property , were effective , court papers said . Many of the collectives went out of business . Shop owners declined to fight the city to get their property back out of fear of retaliation , court records said .
Police executed over 100 search warrants at collectives , some of which were raided multiple times in the same year . None of the raids led to the filing of criminal charges , the lawsuit said .
Taxing Medical Marijuana in Long Beach
City councilor Gary De Long talks with NewsRaw 's Mekahlo Medina about the move to ask voters to tax medical marijuana . ( Published Wednesday , July 7 , 2010 )
The issue came to light in July after a bust was caught on surveillance cameras showing an officer apparently stepping on the back and neck of one of the shop workers before handcuffing him . Two officers , one of whom appears to be undercover , are seen in the video smashing the cameras .
Video of the raid -- which ended in the arrests of five men on suspicion of operating a marijuana dispensary without a license -- was posted by YouTube user `` Long Beach Raids '' on July 1 . Officials said they learned about the video on July 3 .
If I were a conspiracy theorist , I would say that Osama bin Laden was a Chinese agent . And maybe America 's banks , credit card companies , advertising agencies and government have been secretly working for China too . For while the United States has spent more than $ 1 trillion on foreign wars since the 9/11 attacks , and piled up a Mount Everest of debt at home , China has spent the last decade quietly growing , saving , investing and rising . If the winner of the war in Iraq was Iran , the winner of America 's decade-long struggle against violent Islamism may be China .
The good news is that America is waking up to its predicament . President Obama talks of the need for nation-building at home . Richard Haass , head of the Council on Foreign Relations and once a member of the Bush administration , reflects on `` a decade of strategic distraction '' . A veteran Republican observes that the US is building more infrastructure in Afghanistan than in America . ( The road surface of the interstate highways seems to get worse every year I come back . ) Every second newspaper column now points up the contrast between China 's high-speed intercity rail links and America 's lack of them . Former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski calls for a programme of `` national renewal '' . Everyone acknowledges that performance in the lower half of America 's school system is dismal .
And that 's before we even mention the alarmingly sluggish recovery of the economy , the loss of jobs , the scale of the soaring deficits . Looking at the Congressional budget office 's projections , Republican Senator John Ensign says that if they do n't do something about it , `` this country is going to become Greece , except we do n't have the European Union to bail us out '' . One of the country 's most senior military figures was asked , not so long ago , what they considered to be the greatest single national security threat to the US . Theirs answer : our national debt .
This does not mean that the danger from Islamist terrorists , or a nuclear-threshold Iran sparking a nuclear arms race in the Middle East , or the festering sore of the unresolved Israeli-Palestinian conflict , are not real or important . They are . But if you ask what will be the biggest geopolitical story of the 2010s , my best guess is `` rising China and struggling America '' . Where that competition has got to by 2020 will depend crucially on America 's ability to put its house in order . Physician , heal thyself .
If you want to feel optimistic about America 's chances of renewal , go to Silicon Valley . For a downer , look to Washington . The struggle for America 's recovery is the battle of the iPad against the filibuster . In Silicon Valley , just down the road from where I write this , you see everything that is still inspiring about American society : innovation rooted in science and intellectual freedom ; entrepreneurs and risk-taking venture capital exploiting that innovation commercially ; a dynamic , open society that attracts the brightest from everywhere – Indians , Chinese , Europeans . If you ask people around the world what they most admire about the US , their shortlist is likely to include , beside George Clooney and Julia Roberts , the iPhone , Facebook , Twitter or Google .
But switch on your television , or turn to the politics pages of your newspaper , and your heart sinks . What is it that makes American politics so depressing ? They are both polarised and gridlocked . Change in Silicon Valley happens at the speed of science fiction ; in Washington , at the pace of Brezhnev 's Soviet Union .
For instance , a bill to help out America 's job-generating small businesses with modest government-backed loans was stuck in the Senate for months – a victim of the procedural rule which means that the minority ( currently Republican ) can block legislation by the threat of filibuster unless the other side can garner a 60-vote `` supermajority '' . Only when two Republican senators supported it could the small business bill come to President Obama for signature . They were finally able to start the job-promoting loans flowing this week . As the outstanding conservative commentator David Brooks observes , a growing number of Americans believe that their political system is dysfunctional .
There are several aspects to this dysfunctionality . There is what I call the politics of cultural distraction . Millions of air hours are devoted to arguments about gay marriage , abortion , homosexuality or , most recently , the planned Islamic centre two blocks from Ground Zero in New York . Increasingly , these resemble arguments about which tune the band should play on the deck of the Titanic . ( `` Let the good times roll '' ? `` Nearer my God to thee ? '' Glug , glug , glug . ) Although the Tea Party movement adds to the craziness , at least it spends more of its time talking about problems in the engine room .
Then there is the strident , partisan polarisation of the cable news networks , with Fox News roaring from the right , MSNBC shouting back from the left , and CNN flailing in the middle .
There is the way in which money howls through American politics . To get re-elected is hugely expensive , and members of the House of Representatives have to do it every two years , so they are constantly beholden to their donors . Following a perverse recent ruling by the supreme court , corporations can now effectively throw unlimited money at political advertising .
There is the shameless gerrymandering , politely called `` redistricting '' . At a recent event organised by Google , a former chair of the Republican national committee , Ed Gillespie , calmly explained that winning control of local houses of representatives in individual states is also important , because it helps when it comes to `` being able to draw the district lines in a way that is more favourable toward your party '' . Not even the pretence that democracy is meant to have a level playing field .
All these exacerbate the dysfunctionality . But the most immediate , pressing problem is the combination of institutional gridlock and the lack of cross-party co-operation , each reinforcing the other . The comedian Stephen Colbert was recently , and controversially , invited to testify to a Congressional committee on the position of immigrant farmworkers . In their peroration , they said : `` I trust that , following my testimony , both sides will work together on this issue in the best interests of the American people – as you always do . '' That got the biggest laugh of the day .
Current projections suggest that in the midterm elections on 2 November , Republicans will take control of the House of Representatives but not quite win a majority in the Senate . On present form that would mean still more gridlock and Brezhnevite delay . But the US can no longer afford that . It can not go on like this . Or rather it can , but if it does , it must continue its relative decline – and China will be laughing all the way to the bank .
These are not huge changes of the whole political system that are called for . Cross-party co-operation to simplify the country 's absurdly complicated tax code , redirect the budget to the needs of nation-building at home , limit the power of money in American politics , and change the rules of procedure in the Senate – that would already get you a long way . But in 2010 , one of the questions of this decade is plainly posed : can the United States be reformed ?
A TPV developer meeting took place on Friday March 14th . The core items discussed in the meeting are reported below , with timestamps in the relevant paragraphs indicating the point at they are discussed in the video embedded here . My thanks as always to North for the latter .
SL Viewer Updates
[ 0:01:37 ] The list of release candidates in the release channel remains unchanged from part two of this week 's projects updates , and as per my Current Viewer Releases page .
FmodEx RC
[ 0:01:44 ] The FmodEx Hotfix viewer RC ( version 3.7.4.287875 ) , is a fix Monty Linden has been working on , and is described by Oz Linden as :
A threading problem that at least manifests when there are various FmodEx things going on , but is not strictly speaking an FmodEx problem . We think that was a good and important fix , but it does n't seem to have done all we hoped it would do yet .
Whether or not this is a fix TPVs would need to implement quickly or not is down to how they have implemented FmodEx .
Voice RC
[ 0:02:38 ] The Voice RC is essentially the release viewer with the Vivox 4.6.x SLvoice plugin packaged with it for Windows and Mac . Commenting on in from a Mac perspective , Oz Linden indicated that it does appear to solve a number of issues , such as working with an iPhone headset adaptor , which was an issue with earlier versions , as well as addressing some Mavericks related issues .
[ 0:11:11 ] There has been some confusion over the latest SDK supplied by Vivox , in that only the Windows and Mac versions of 4.6.x have so far been supplied ; the Linux version is still an older version . It 's unclear as to when the Linux Vivox SDK will be supplied , as this is apparently seen as a “ lower priority ” compared to Windows and Mac , although the Lab is working on Vivox to try to improve matters . The Lab is also working to try to get 64-bit versions of the Vivox SDK , which could then be made available to those TPVs building 64-bit versions of their viewers .
Interest List RC
[ 0:41:54 ] Concern is raised as the number of updates which form a part of the interest list RC viewer , and whether these may leave TPVs with another “ CHUI situation ” when trying to merge things . The repository for the viewer has been available since the viewer reached RC status , however , Oz went on to comment :
There 's a bunch of refactoring of things that people decided needed refactoring as a part of the process [ and ] which may or may not have been strictly needed as [ a ] part of interest lists ; that is , part of the functional change that that branch is doing . Some of it was a new trace capability that 's used in a bunch of places where they wanted to take the measurements they wanted to take about it .
There have been various stability issues with the interest list RC , hence why it has remained an RC rather than being promoted to the de facto release viewer . However , it is now reaching the point where its stability is comparable to that of the other RCs in the release channel – and is actually better than some .
In terms of merges , there is the potential for the interest list viewer to cause TPVs some problems , as there appear to be changes to llCommons and other libraries which are causing issues for those TPVs which have attempted a merge .
Google Breakpad
[ 0:04:53 ] The Google Breakpad RC is due to make another appearance , as a “ bunch of issues have been wrestled to the ground ” , and the hope is that when it does appear in the release channel , it will mark the last round of updates for that particular project , and those TPVs using Google Breakpad are advised to take a look at what the Lab has done .
Overall Status for RCs
[ 0:04:10 ] Overall , it appears as if none of the RCs are performing as well as the Lab would like them to be in terms of crash rates . It had been hoped that the FmodEx Hotfix RC would get the Lab back below what Oz referred to as “ an acceptable , if not admirable , crash rate ” , but it has not done so as yet.However , the other RCs in the channel should see updates released in week 12 ( week commencing Monday March 17th ) , one or more of which may improve the crash rates .
[ 0:43:56 ] In terms of what does get promoted next , the most likely candidate will be the RC which shows clear evidence that it is reducing the crash rate compared to current levels across the release and RC viewers .
[ 0:05:27 ] In the meantime , because of the volume of RCs sitting in the release channel , the Lab are holding back a number of further RCs , . These include the Project Zipper ( faster installer ) viewer being updated to RC status , and the group ban viewer ( although there are bugs in this which are still being worked upon ) . There is also likely to be a further Snowstorm RC appearing with a mix of code contributions , again once the number of viewers currently in the release channel is thinned-down a little .
Mac Cocoa
[ 0:16:32 ] Ongoing Cocoa related issues for Mac users are seen as a major sticking point for some TPVs . However , while specific issues with Cocoa are being addressed by the Lab , there is not actual project team focused on resolving these problems . This is in part due to the relatively small number of Mac developers within the Lab , all of whom are already engaged on various projects .
During the meeting , there was some discussion of the relative severity of the Cocoa issues , and how they are perceived . It is thought that around 6 % of all SL users are on Mac and may be experiencing problems . Taken as a whole , this may seem a small number , but for any individual viewer offering a Mac flavour , it could amount to a fair number of people ; and it is potentially certainly not fun for those who are using Mac systems and are experiencing problems .
The Lab 's recommendation to those who are experiencing problems with macOS in general and who are running older versions of OS X , and who are in a position to do so , is to update , citing the fact that those running 10.8 and 10.9 have significantly lower crash issues than those on earlier versions .
Further to this , it was indicated that while there are no immediate plans to do so , it is likely that the Lab will stop actively supporting OSX 10.6 at some point in the future . This does not mean that they will block 10.6 ; rather , they will stop addressing 10.6-specific bugs and issues .
In the meantime , Oz has offered to take usable details of specific Mac-related issues provided by TPVs which he 'll then pass on to those dealing with issues and problems – although what actually gets taken-up and fixed is not down to him .
More on the Oculus Rift Beta
[ 0:06:00 ] A concern the Lab had with the Oculus Rift viewer was that if they simply put it “ out there ” as an ordinary project viewer , people would start downloading it and using it in “ Riftlook ” mode regardless of whether or not they have an Oculus Rift headset ( which will display a stereo image on a monitor screen ) and then start highlighting what they perceive to be problems with the UI , etc . Hence the decision was made to put the viewer into the hands of those who could most practically comment on it – those with a development headset – as a closed beta programme .
It also appears that the number of SL users who do have access to an Oculus headset is “ remarkably large ” , according to Oz . “ It 's a lot more people than we thought it was going to be , ” they told the meeting . They also indicated that using the Rift can be more physically tiring than conventional interaction with a computer , because everything is “ so real . ”
As a side note , initial reports on the Lab 's beta “ Rift viewer ” have been filed by Harvey Crabsticks and Loki Eliot .
Windows XP
[ 0:24:50 ] One of the highest crash rates for viewers – which is described as “ through the roof ” – is of viewers running on older versions of Windows XP . “ It 's astonishing that anyone runs the viewer at all on XP with the crash rate it 's got . Especially the 32-bit version of XP , ” Oz informed the meeting . They went on to indicate that the Lab is looking to adopt the Windows installer blocks Firestorm implemented for their 4.6.1 release ( see STORM-1966 ) , a move in line with Microsoft themselves discontinuing major XP support in early April 2014 . These blocks mean that :
The 32-bit installer blocks the installation on any Windows operating system below Vista , except for 32-bit Windows XP with Service Pack 3
The 64-bit installer blocks the installation on Windows 64 bit on versions older than Windows XP with Service Pack 2 .
Windows users running older versions of windows will therefore need to ensure their OS is up-to-date .
The Lab and 64-bit Stability Viewers
[ 0:29:47 ] While the stats show that 64-bit versions of various viewers are lower than those of their 32-bit equivalents , this may still not be sufficient for The Powers That Be within the Lab to give the nod for LL-developed 64-bit viewer versions just yet , although there is a swing towards favouring 64-bit builds within technical circles at the Lab .
Oz explained that one reason for this is that even 32-bit versions of viewers tend to have a lower crash rate when running on a 64-bit OS when compared to the 32-bit version of the OS . “ The delta you get for running on 64-bit and for building on 64-bit is actually not that big . That 's the counter-argument , ” they said . “ The fact is that the people installing the viewer we have ( 32-bit of any flavour ) on 64-bit OSs are already getting a huge benefit . ”
Other Items
Time Change Issue Trivia
[ 00:00 ] Many will have noticed that with the change to Daylight Saving in the USA on Sunday March 9th , Second Life Time was , for a while , out-of-synch with PST . While an adjustment was made and the time correctly adjusted , the means for doing so was apparently a workaround , rather than a fix .
The actual fix itself is still being worked on within the Lab , and Oz is one of those working on it , as they revealed at the start of the meeting , after having their leg being gently pulled for a slightly late arrival !
Viewer Stats Reports
[ 0:32:14 ] Oz continues to work on developing new stats reports , but is still not in a position to offer consistent hardware and other reports that he 's hoping to develop .
Group Bans
[ 0:36:53 ] There is a discussion of Group Bans and some of the issues with the viewer , all of I 've covered in previous reports .
Anti-virus software and Viewer Blocking
At the end of the meeting there is a discussion among TPV developers about issues some TPVs have experienced with anti-virus software flagging their downloads ( and even blocking their servers ) . Those who have encountered issues with viewer downloads on the basis of a/v reports / flags , may wish to listen to this .
Advertisements
The Insider
An alliance of defense contractor associations and military advocacy groups is calling for Congress to agree to a fiscal year 2017 budget deal before the end of the calendar year .
The alliance , known as the Defense Related Associations , sent a letter Nov. 1 to House and Senate majority and minority leadership urging them to ignore the temptation to pass a stop-gap spending measure , or continuing resolution , that would continue into next year . The letter was released by the National Defense Industrial Association .
`` There is always a temptation to extend the time for difficult final decisions . There will be plenty of those early in calendar 2017 , '' the letter states . `` However , a Continuing Resolution for defense that extends beyond the one under which we are currently operating will unnecessarily delay new programs , prevent the ramping up of mature programs , and affect defense readiness and operational issues . ''
The group is urging Congress to final FY-17 defense spending at `` no less than the current Budget Control Act levels before the end of the calendar year in both authorization and appropriations acts . ''
Additionally , the group asks that Congress considers the `` unpredictable national security challenges '' facing the United States .
`` If anything , the national security challenges that we face today are more daunting and complicated than they were eight months ago , '' the letter states . `` Russian activities in the Crimea have been followed up with cyber adventurism that may end up affecting our 2016 elections . Syria and Afghanistan may be even more troublesome than was envisioned as the year began . Iran and North Korea are actively probing for weakness in US leadership and military posture . ''
Along with NDIA , some of the letter 's signatories include the Aerospace Industries Association , the Association of the United States Army , the Navy League , the Air Force Association and the American Society of Military Comptrollers .
Hmm ... it 's no secret that the billionaire Chicago Cubs-owning Ricketts family has divided political loyalties , but daughter Laura Ricketts seemed to be sending a strong message to the world with their choice of headgear at Wrigley Field on Wednesday night .
Just days after reports that their father , TD Ameritrade founder Joseph Ricketts , will donate $ 1 million to help elect Donald Trump as president , Laura Ricketts sat in a prime seat behind home plate for the Cubs victory over the Cincinnati Reds sporting a Hillary Clinton cap .
Surrounded by fans in Cubbie ballcaps , their message was hard to ignore .
The conservative wing of the Ricketts family had originally helped bankroll a major but doomed advertising campaign earlier this year that attempted to derail Trump 's bid for the Republican nomination .
That campaign prompted Trump to warn the Ricketts on Twitter , `` they better be careful , they have a lot to hide ! '' Though the Ricketts harrumphed at that threat earlier in the summer , it emerged Tuesday that they will donate $ 1 million to help elect him .
Joseph Ricketts ' son Pete Ricketts is the Republican governor of Nebraska who endorsed Trump in May .
But Laura Ricketts , who 's been active in Democratic fundraising for years , showed their support for Hillary Clinton by hosting them at a fundraiser at their Wilmette home in July . Laura Ricketts did n't return a call for comment on their Hillary ballcap .
Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune Chicago Cubs co-owner Laura Ricketts wears a hat supporting Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during a game between the Chicago Cubs and the Cincinnati Reds at Wrigley Field on Sept. 21 , 2016 . Chicago Cubs co-owner Laura Ricketts wears a hat supporting Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during a game between the Chicago Cubs and the Cincinnati Reds at Wrigley Field on Sept. 21 , 2016 . ( Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune ) ( Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune )
Them brother who is the Cubs ' chairperson , Tom Ricketts , has kept their politics closer to their vest , though they have strenuously denied that they bear a striking resemblance to U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz .
Nevermind the Ricketts ' Thanksgiving , seating arrangements for the playoffs at Wrigley could prove interesting .
kjanssen @ chicagotribune.com
Twitter @ kimjnews
Dear L.J. ,
I bought this house a few years ago because I wanted you to have what I did not : childhood memories of a place to call home , a backyard and the feeling of security that an apartment never could provide .
I , however , was not ready for the responsibility of homeownership . When the toilet runs and wo n't stop , I have to fix it . This summer , when the spring above the garage broke , I had to call a dude and pay hella money to get it fixed . ( Do n't use that word . ) In fact , in my five years of owning a house , I 've become an amateur plumber , handyman and exterminator . I guess this means we 're living the American dream . One thing I did not anticipate , however , was how important Halloween would become to me .
Here 's the thing : Your granny did n't let me dress up for Oct. 31 . The cool woman you enjoy hanging out with , the one who introduced you to eggs and candy about nine months before I planned , was a very different person when I was your age . I do n't know if it was because they were raising me on their own and was therefore concerned about your dad growing up into a thug , but they were very strict when I was the age you are now .
I was not allowed to dress up for Halloween , and I was forced to go to bootleg “ fall festivals ” that are a church 's way of celebrating Halloween without being honest about it all . It 's kinda like how the bag cereals at the bottom of the breakfast aisle that I once tried to trick you into believing tasted good are the bootleg versions of the name-brand cereals you like , or how you tried to convince me that John Legend was really good , but I had to inform you that they are more of a bootleg version of a good '90s R & B singer—anyway , you get the point . It was wack .
Advertisement
So I was surprised how much fun Halloween was for us . You got to dress up as your favorite character ; we would walk all around the neighborhood , unafraid of the many police officers out on the street ; and then we would come home and watch a scary movie ( well , scary for you ) while giving candy to the mostly white kids who knock on the door but would never otherwise come and visit the home of a black family .
This time with you is special to me . We live in a neighborhood full of police officers—there is even that one down the street who flies the “ blue lives matter ” flag—so you 're walking the streets at night scares the hell out of me more than any scary movie . We are black , and you 're big for your age , so I 'm terrified of you playing out front after dark and ending up like Emmett Till or Tamir Rice or Trayvon Martin . But one thing bugged me about this holiday : You chose to dress up like white people . ( By the way , do n't say hell . )
I get it . When I was your age , I read comics , too . I first loved the X-Men because they , like me , were exoticized outcasts . But then I branched out and began to read everything I could . DC , Marvel , Top Cow … it did n't matter . I enjoyed being lost in a world where people had powers . I imagined myself as the leaders . Cyclops , Wolverine , Gambit … I embodied them . I tried to be like them .
Advertisement
I now know that this was not good for me .
Imagining myself as a white person alienated me from my body , from my culture . It caused me anxiety and cognitive dissonance because , when I looked in the mirror , no matter what I did , I would never be like them . I would never be white . So when I saw you choosing Superman , Kylo Ren and Iron Man as your costumes , it concerned me . I did not want to just say no and take away your agency , but I saw that I had to be more intentional about centering blackness in your cultural consumption . I could not raise you as if you were just any kid , because you 're not just like any other kid . You 're black—and that makes you different from what our country sees as normal ; therefore , I had to raise you in an abnormal way .
Like the superheroes you idolize , you are unusual , peculiar , special—at least in this country . So I introduced you to Black Panther , then to Miles Morales and then to Luke Cage . The first two you thought were cool , but Luke Cage spoke to you in a special way . I still wonder why . Maybe it 's the fact that they are super strong . Or that they are bulletproof , thereby immune to all that life may send theirs way .
Advertisement
I know you like that they wear a hoodie in the TV show . Maybe it is because you wear hoodies . Hell , I wear them . It 's part of a black man 's armor . That cultural connection resonates with you , but I know that most of all , the fact that they are black matters most . They look like you . They come from where you come from . You do n't have to look in the mirror and imagine that you are someone else . You see yourself when you see him .
You do n't know this yet , but your blackness is a gift . It is a special power . You can see the world through your eyes but also through the eyes of those who look at you condescendingly . It 's called double consciousness . It 'll be useful , but it comes with a price . The world will hate you . They will be suspicious of you . They might see you as older than you are and try to treat you as a threat . But that is why I 'm happy you choose to idolize a black superhero . It reminds you that even in a fictional narrative , blackness can be powerful .
You do n't have to try to embody whiteness the way I did at your age . You can see yourself and still be a superhero . Maybe this is why Ta-Nehisi Coates decided to write Marvel 's Black Panther comics and agreed to tweet about the show Luke Cage . He , too , is a father and a lover of comics—he knows the power of representation .
Advertisement
Thank you for choosing Luke Cage to be your character this Halloween . Thank you for deciding to grow locs and embrace your blackness . Thank you for idolizing black athletes like Jackie Robinson and Ken Griffey Jr . Thank you for working so hard in school ( you have no idea how brilliant and athletically talented you are ; I hope you see it soon ) . But most important , thank you for choosing me to be your dad .
I love you . I look forward to sharing this Halloween with you .
( P.S . : Clean your room . )
